0,A very nice value. The set is easy to hook-up And works great.
0,I'm using this in the car, where the coiling is great for keeping the chord manageable while still being able to stretch out a bit. I had previously ordered a 2' cable, but this 4' cable is a much better length. The cable is only about 1 1/2 to 2 feet when coiled and stretches to maybe 3' max.
0,The PNY XLR8 has proven to be a fast and effective SSD. At 480 GB, it's got enough space to function as a dedicated gaming drive for a dozen or so AAA-quality games or as a primary drive to mount an operating system and store a reasonable amount of programs and media in their default locations.		Not too long ago SSD capacity like this came at a premium, but at under $150 the PNY offers a very reasonable storage solution without the sticker-shock of larger SSDs.		The drive itself is sturdy and looks pretty neat with the black-and-orange color scheme, which admittedly is not something I actively base my purchase decision on, but it does look nice through my case's clear panel.		The manufacturer assumes you know what you're doing as far as installation goes, including just the drive and a spacer in the box (though to be fair, if you can't figure out or quickly find out online how to install a SATA drive you might not want to be fiddling around with the computer's inner workings).		As far as performance goes, this is one of the quicker SSDs I've used. The only one I've used that's faster is one of Kingston's HyperX line, which had *slightly* faster read/write speeds (read: less than 5% difference) but costs significantly more (the PNY XLR8 currently cost about 27 cents per GB - 480GB for $130 - while the HyperX 3K at 120GB for $104 is around 86 cents per GB). Load screens on games stored on the PNY sometimes go by so fast I don't have time to read the flavor text on them, and are light-years beyond any non-SSD drive.		All in all, the XLR8 provides a great middle ground for storage drives - decent capacity and very good speed at a reasonable price. There are other drives that may do things faster, or hold more data, or come cheaper, but none in my experience balances all three as well.
0,So hot when play with SLI enabled!
0,The box works well, looks exactly as the photo showed, and selection buttons on front have a very nice positive click.
0,Great cable for tethering to my camera, love it
0,Good price, works well, bought three.
0,The watch is great for 20$. It makes phone calls perfectly, plays music at decent quality, and it's battery life is amazingly long. However, it lacks true iOS integration, so don't expect to be able to use the Messaging and Bluetooth Camera feature on the watch. Overall, this is a must-buy product for someone looking for a great budget smart watch.
0,worked good in the case i put it in
0,What can I say, its what you expect in a top of the line product.  Don't waste your money on cheap knock offs.  This is my third one, the perfect wireless setup.
0,They did buzz a bit after a while.  But then after another while the buzzing went away.  I don't know what that was all about, but it happened like other folks said, but then it went away.  Also, there's been a couple of times that they quit working alltogether but then began working again after re-booting the computer.  So I don't even know if that was a speaker problem or a computer problem.
0,Very nice card and I use it with my Canon DSLR camera,very fast and did not have any problems yet.
0,Its good product but not the best
0,good
0,Good quality and arrived faster than expected!
0,As shown
0,works great I broke one of the fans but it was my fault. i would say buy this.
0,good
0,Great product, easy to install works good
0,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Install-Bay-BCT8-8-Inches-Cable-Tie-40-Pound-100-Pack-Black/dp/B001JT1O8S/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Install Bay BCT8 8-Inches Cable Tie 40 Pound -100 Pack (Black)</a>	100 per package Black 40# pull Indoor/Outdoor cable ties. UV resistant.	Good for general around the house work,when you need to bundle cables together	like computer or stereo or A/V cables or out in the old Ham Shack .	I can Highly recommend these Cable Ties.
0,Much better cover than the prior kindle covers. This holds firm and isn't held by clips that get loose like the old ones.
0,I built a computer with this hard drive and made it the boot drive.  I loaded the operating system (win7 Ultimate) and all the programs on this drive and then had data on another drive (non ssd). And then had a third drive for Photoshop and Premeire Pro buffer space.  The result, a computer that not only boots very quickly, but launches programs almost instantly.  Photoshop launches in a couple seconds at most, while on other computers it takes an easy 30 seconds to launch and be functional.		Because they do have a read/write life that is said to be shorter than a regular spinning drive, I will most likely change out every 3 years and then use it as a data backup after it is decommissioned.		Using an SSD drive as a boot drive and a program launch drive is awesome fast!		I write reviews because I want to help other people make decisions.  I do not write reviews of items that I have not personally used.		Please note:  A review is only a review - a report of a personal experience of an item. A sharing of what a person likes or dislikes about at item. The buttons below are not Agree or Disagree Buttons.  They are help/didnt help buttons.		If this helped you make a decision, or the information contained was informative, PLEASE click on the YES button below "was this review helpful". Thank you. <><
0,Great buy
0,a good product for my need
0,this is the third one my husband has purchased (one for himself and one for each of his daughters) so I say that is a 5 star headset. They all like them and wouldn't be without them.
0,Works as designed.
0,Hadn't purchased a Digital TV converter box since the Government went to the digital system years ago.  Searched all over, reviews (deep throughout all available reviews) and found this box to be favorable.  I don't use the "recorder" features but having a USB input is a nice addition.  Picture is much better than Magnavox converter box from years ago. Pixelation occurs sometimes but we're using with rooftop antenna and depending on which way wind is blowing affects picture.  Also, we're using with a Tivo series 2 DVR.
0,High quality construction and works great.
0,Fits my Lenovo tab 2 A10 perfectly and the keyboard synced easily! Very happy with this purchase.
0,Got the job done! Purchased and brought to portugal with me. Allowed me to charge my phone, ipad etc with no issue!
0,works great and the cable is plenty flexible. I used this so i could mount a PCIe network card in a 1u case.
0,Soft on my ears and they work well.  Pairing with my iPhone was easy, and once I got used to where they're at, the controls on the outside are easy to use.  I use them at work as I work in a wide open environment and sometimes need to block out ambient noise to focus on my work and they're great.  They're a bit big and a tad bit on the heavy side but I got used to that and for me they are much more comfortable than ear buds.  I would definitely recommend these.
0,I bought this for my college bound daughter. She attached it and the software to her computer with no problem. Very fast transfer. Also recently bought a toshiba drive from Tiger Direct at about half the price (so 4 stars) but its backup software was not rated as well
0,This thing is a real workhorse.  I keep something charging all the time.
0,Only bad thing about this case is that it took over a week for shipping. However, I'm a very patient person	who doesn't whine over shipping =)		Pros:	- Nice and big	- Huge fans	- Nice LED touch	- Lots of room in the inside	- Fits ITX/ ATX/ MATX	- Fits large GPU's and large PSU's	- Nice black touch	- Mostly steel	- Front fan came with filter built it =) saved me $11		Cons:	- 5.25" slot locks a bit too weak, but you'll get used to it	- The front is plastic but the slots are all steel (good thing that its steel)
0,Too small for 7.9 mini. Gave it 4 stars because I got it purposely for my Toshiba excite 7.7. Tiny bit snug but works good. Rich dark brown color. Black inside which isn't distracting. Nice cover for a smaller tablet.
0,GREAT SELLER AND ITEM
0,Needed a small footprint speaker for the bathroom and this fit the bill perfectly. Don't expect a ton of bass out of it but is sounds very good for the size. It will come in handy when we can move it outside in the future also.
0,Works well, came in a huge package for such a little item though, but it arrived on time and works
0,Great stylus to use with your tablet, I loved these so much I buy them for stocking stuffers for Xmas, everyone always loves them
0,This is a product that serves your purpose, but do not buy it alone as the diffuser comes with stickers that have to be struck on the flash! This spoils the beauy of my flash and hence I also bought a band manufactured by the company. The product is not expensive and serves the purpose.
0,I bought two of these, it shakes my house from end to end and I kid you not..
0,Pretty cool if you get one that works. Can't remember which one didn't but my kids friends are always asking to borrow them.
0,Works great to boot from/install software.
0,I just wanted something to hold onto.  The iPad is slippery without a case.  This is very lightweight and gives you something to grip.  I don't think about it slipping anymore.  And it covers enough of the edge to secure a screen protector.  I know some reviews said it smelled bad, but mine doesn't smell at all.  I guess there was just one bad batch.
0,At the time it was the shallowest sub I could get and it barely fit in my application, but it sounds great.
0,I was very excited about the positive reviews, and I've been generally happy with the quality and speed of the two units I purchase.  This is my first experience with USB 3.0 mass storage speeds, and wow, is it fast.		My only problem with the device is that my drives never spin down when not in use.  I've never used a USB enclosure that didn't have this power/life saving capability, so I'm fairly surprised and bothered by this.  There is no manual with these things, and no support information on the product at the manufacturer's web site (Do a Google search for "ianker 68UPSATAA-BU" to find the sales page at the manufacturer's site).		Edit: I've found a free utility called HDDScan that allows you to set a drive's spin-down timer.  You run the program, select your drive, select the blue "New Task" button, select "Features->IDE Features", and then set the number of seconds in the "Power Management-> Idle Timer" field.  Once set, you don't need the program anymore; it permanently sets the power saving mode.
0,Works very well.  The only con so far is I do not like how the selection of the motion detection area works.  I am having issues dragging the outline over the squares just right to exclude tree branches, etc.  It would work perfect if i could go back after the initial selection and click or un click the one or two squares that need to be adjusted.
0,Cable works fine and the price was very reasonable. Good length - another reviewer noted that it reaches from the TV to the couch so I can control my tablet without getting up. That's why I selected this length.  Arrived quickly.
0,Perfect fit.
0,Holy cow, if you haven't tried VR, try VR.  Had a demonstration at a local library, and came home and ordered this immediately.  Set up can be a bit of a pain, and you have to make sure you have a video card that can support VR.  But, asides from that, it's a breeze and tons of fun.
0,I've been using it for years now, and the only complaint I have is the middle mouse button is a bit hard, wish it was softer. See, I often use the middle mouse button on a web page link to open up the new page on a new tab in the browser, and the hardness of the middle mouse button makes that operation difficult at times.
0,Was not for us.
0,Paired easily. Yet to test battery life. Used for my dad watching TV. Volume works well . Figured out it works better with the transmitter hooked to my satellite box than the tv. Then the volume doesn't change with the TV.
0,Good quality and fit. Wife really likes it.
0,This case is huge and amazing. Been building computerssince 1997 and this is the best case I have ever used. Love it.
0,Son has one in red, worked so nicely we got one for us. Makes typing and mousing for your smart tv searches etc soooooo much easier. The size is just right and the back lit feature rocks. The unit is rechargeable but a charge last a LONG time even with daily use. The plug and play couldn't be easier. Recommend!
0,Can't beat the price for this cable.  Paid less then $4 with S/H included.  I hooked it up to my DVD recorder and TV and haven't had any problems with it.  Signal looks clear.  I returned a $40 cable to BestBuy after I purchased this one.
0,must have
0,I've bought several SanDisk products (including  MP3 players, Jump Drives  and  Memory cards), and they have always worked well.  I bought  this  Memory card for  my cell phone.  It works just fine , no problem
0,Just like the yellow unit, Battery life, LED illuminators, FM, AM, operations are pretty good. I bought it for the weather band and its operation in just okay. Weather band op is very position sensitive and has static. Weather band can be understood, but you have to listen closely.
0,Arrived in excellent condition. Bought it refurbished at an excellent price. It looked completely new and worked perfectly.		This keyboard works exactly how you would expect it to. The rounded keys provide a great feel. I notice no latency in inputs or lost keystrokes. Works great for typing an light gaming. Logitech really knows what they're doing with wireless keyboards/mice. And I honestly think this is the best one they sell considering its price. If you go any higher end then the added price isn't worth it for the added features in my opinion. This does exactly what you need a keyboard to do.
0,Great sound quality for music & phone calls.  I had this with an old phone and when I saw it on Amazon, I had to have another 1!  My daughter hi-jacked the 1st one. . .
0,Easy to install and works as advertised.
0,I know jack about internet. Family member said you want faster internet seaxh to look up awesome YouTube videos? I said yes. He said get this. Pow. I ordered hooked up and he wasn't lying. Faster everything. Which I got sooner
0,So far it's working great. The keys being a little less depth is maybe a bit to get used to, but it's working great and really comfortable to type on so far. (And I type a lot - it's my job). Pretty nice and quiet too which is a plus, has a nice soft click. Has the normal key spacing so it's not really anything to get used to. Has adjustable feet at the back so it can be flat or tilted a bit which I like. Nice and slimline and light. I especially like that it has the unifying receiver, big plus. A couple of buttons are in different places than I'm used to, but I'm learning. Overall a great item, thanks again Amazon!
0,Fits my Seagate Slim drives perfectly and offers plenty of protection in my daily backpack carry.
0,So far so good. Powers my system. Haven't had a power surge or outage to test it.
0,These headphones are great. Wonderful sound quality, extremely comfortable, and as loud as can be. I've been pumping Dubstep through my iPod ever since I got them. They're wonderful. It sounds like a concert in your head.		I highly highly recommend these. I used to love Apple's headphones, but these are by far the best pair of headphones that I've ever had, and as an 18 year old college student, I tend to go through quite a few.		Buy them. Unbeatable for the price.		Now, they do have the "stethoscope effect", however that's just from the earbud design; I'm yet to find a pair of headphones of this style that don't do this. Also, quite minor when listening to music, and the noise cancellation make it even better sound quality wise.		I honestly cannot gather my thoughts to express how good these headphones are, simply because there is no way to explain it; yo have to experience it.
0,This adapter works perfectly. I am able to use USB thumb drives on my tablets and transfer files easily.
0,This laptop is excellent for heavy use, and is the best for the price that I found it for. Are you a gamer, a professional programmer, or a designer? Do you need a computer that needs to last from years on end? Then this is the laptop that you are looking for. It performs the way a computer needs to perform. It surpassed my standards for the price that it was sold for. It was clearly designed to use heavy programs like photoshop, solidworks, and steam.	I think the only downside is the trackpad, and perhaps the touchscreen. The trackpad gets in the way when I type, and since it's not a 2in1 laptop, the touchsceen doesn't get much use either.	All in all, for the price that I bought it for, it was the ideal choice.
0,I like these better than original ones.
0,Justo what i was looking for. No lag, fast file transfer and perfect sized.
0,My friends thought it was silly to buy a camera when virtually all of our phones have cameras on them now.		I put this side by side with my smartphone and the pictures on this camera are much nicer.  My wife is the primary user and she loves it.  We use it in low light areas quite a bit and it works very well.  I don't use it much but when I do its easy for me to figure out how to do what I want on it.  It is intuitive enough for me.		It is deceptively small.  We are very happy with this camera and would recommend it to others.
0,great
0,lives in my kitchen for video while cooking and cleaning
0,Volume switch could be a bit louder, and the "voice" could be a little smoother...it sounds shaky, at times.		Also, sometimes the turn is upon you before the navigator tells you to "turn." Needs to be "quicker."		All in All, the unit is very good, and stays locked on the the satellite signal excellently...except when in a tunnel.
0,Perfect price, does the job better then expected. Has exceptional range, much better then pricier routers.
0,Great Product I liked this deal
0,After testing the iPad Pro stand, we liked it so much we bought another one.		Handles the iPad Pro in both landscape and portrait position with ease. Very sturdy and well made stand.		I highly recommend this stand.
0,Great Product.
0,Nice!  I like it.  it's a great size for using in front of the TV,  or while sitting up in bed using my internet-equipped TV.  You pretty much need an integrated trackpad like this, to take the place of a mouse (which obviously is not practical with keyboard on your lap).	I've been using it for several weeks now and cannot think of how it could be improved.	It's just the right size for comfortable typing and scrolling in front of your monitor or tv.	The wireless function works flawlessly ... with no lag whatsoever using keys or trackpad.	The on/off switch is nice;  something not all of these wireless keyboards have.	Seems well-constructed .... as much as can be with something this price.	The packaging and presentation are first-class :  sort-of  reminds me of Apple's or Amazon's products.	I cannot imagine how anyone would have any complaints about this keyboard/pad combination.
0,I would recommend this to any one who needs a Microsoft Natural-esque keyboard but does not want to pay the outrageous Microsoft price.
0,Bought the Belkin adapter before but I returned because it wasn't compatible with Win7 64bits.  This product works with Win7 64bits.  Works with Putty, TeraTerm, and SecuredCRT.
0,Nice cable for programing my Tv boxes, good quality good length.
0,love it
0,Fits the 55mm size well, and protects the lens well.  The glass seems to transmit light well -- I have no concerns for the quality at all.
0,Bought this for my sibling it looks fantastic and works great! It's combined well with the Amazon basics laptop sleeve.
0,Love it! Feels great. Connects in a second and it is very accurate.
0,Good! I have been looking for something like this for a very long time.
0,This was a gift and the recipient loves it.
0,Excellent! As is.
0,Very good as it show !!! I do recommend !
0,This isn't the highest grade items, but the products do the job I need them to do pretty well. The cleaner in the lens pen smells heavily of rubbing alcohol, which can damage coatings, so I replaced it with the lens cleaner that also comes with the kit. The bulb blasts dust just as well as the name-brand one that costs $15 solo. The bulb/brush works like EVERY bulb/brush: not well. The cloth is good, the tissues are good, and the amount of stuff can't be beat for the price.
0,I don't really plan to use this as a surge protector / say I intend to connect it to a uninterruptible power supply surge protector but I do find it is a very well organized and designed power strip especially having at the very end the two extra USB charge port was just a great add-on. I think one of the coolest things about it is the fact that you can on the sides of it put larger plug in Transformers but then down the center of it it has plugs where you can just plug in regular straight and plugs that are not odd shaped. The extra long 6ft cord makes it great so that I can put it where I want to put it and not have to piggyback it from one adapter to another to get to the plug. I am very pleased with it and would recommend it to her friend and a heartbeat
0,A cable is a cable. It's going to work 99.99% of the time no matter where you buy it. But Amazon always has the best prices! The repeater is nice as well because it doesn't compromise the data.
0,This screen is a bargain. Nice reflective surface--great image. No problem pulling down and back up. I use it portable suspended on a rod between two light stands. Can't think of anything negative.
0,The TP-Link TL-WR541G 54 Mbps Extended Range Wireless Router with 1x 3dBi Antenna works great and was very easy to set up. The range is good too. The price was great.
0,Nice cheap Zune doc. I have a few of these to hold and charge my Zune at work and at home. Very handy. Just be careful pluggint your Zune into it. You have to have it on the right angle to push it on. I was afraid that I may damage the connector, but that has not happened. When it is on this thing it seems to be loose, but it is not. Recommend it.
0,Very happy
0,Works well
0,Works well as replacement for original when I broke the clasp. Fast shipping--good quality.
0,Seriously, setting this up cannot be any easier. Just call your telco provider, give them the MAC address for the device, and you'll be up and running in under 20 minutes. This device will pay for itself within the year and you can just rake in the savings after that. Stop giving the big telco your hard earned cash for no reason.
0,I think this is a very great case. I purchased another case from a competitor but it did not have as much appeal as the Moko. Also this Moko has a couple of features that the other did not have, such as a strap for security and the extra opening for access to the base/dock connection.		 One of the best advantages is that the stylus holder is placed away from the volume and power buttons. Oh, forgot to mention that the material has a soft feel to it. I guess if you consider all of these advantages it makes this purchase a no Brainer
0,I bought this for a friend who had recently purchased a Garmin Nuvi 250.  She want  a carrying case to protect the unit, but also like the style that came with the unit being pink inside.  It met all the requirements she was after.  I would highly recommend it for anyone who likes to carry their Nuvi with them in a purse or backpack.
0,Small and compact, but good adjustment wheel, they focus well and allow a lot of flexibility. Distances are fair but somewhat limited so if you are looking to see more than a mile plus, I'd advise a stronger lens, but for the average user these should be fine.
0,The lense is sharp and with very good focusing.  Works very good with my Canon 7d.
0,The size is perfect for putting behind a desk. I guess its doing its job buts its hard to tell with a surge protector. I have three of these on separate computers and have had multiple power outages and a transformer blow in the nieghborhood and all are still working fine.
0,I can shoot 8 frames per second with my Canon 7d and this baby keeps up with that for about 3 solid seconds.  Not sure if the bottleneck is the camera or the card, either way, I can't expect more than this!
0,This case holds 30 memory cards & measures about 2.5 in X 4.25 in.  The zipper works well.  I like it and plan to buy one for each of my 4 children as well as another for me just to store cards I haven't erased.  I placed the order late Saturday, 28 April & received it Friday, 4 May 2012.
0,I bought this for my Skypad Alpha and it is exactly what I wanted. It is a soft lightly padded leather. It folds closed and has a magnetic catch that closes securely. Great price and an extra level of protection for my Alpha.
0,I put this fan on my Hyper Evo 212 as a replacement for the Cooler Master fan that came with it and my Fx8350 is running 15c cooler under load now at only 2k rpm and it's not any louder than before, maybe quieter.
0,Sounds incredible, easy to setup and use.  I bought this for my dad (who uses it as a speaker for an iOS app that simulates Tablas) and he is able to use it with no problems.  He isn't the most technically inclined person...
0,This case is a good deal. The case itself is great quality and the keyboard feels just like a desktop keyboard.	I've had it only a week but love it.  The Ipad Air 2 is so thin, if you don't get a good case, you risk damaging your device.
0,I like the color selection and the pens work as advertised.	I don't use them much as phone stands, but when needed, they work fine!
0,The subject is all I really need to write, but I'll clarify why this thing (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/5-0-Megapixel-USB-PC-Camera-Webcam-w-Mic/dp/B0019WF4FE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">5.0 Megapixel USB PC Camera Webcam w/ Mic</a>) is such a good deal.	I have tried 4-5 webcams in my room.  From logitech, to microsoft, and even a built in cam on my netbook.  None of them work well in my room unless I get a few lamps set up for lighting.  I have a 3 bulb light in my fan, and that is the only source of light in my room.  This cam works so well (with JUST the fan light), that it looks like it's daytime in here! My room is painted grey with a 2 1/2 foot dark purple stripe that just soaks up all the light.  Add in that my bedding, curtains, and furniture are dark as well, and there's not much light in my room.  The only light source in front of me are my two 22"lcd monitors, but I use a fairly dark background and their brightness settings are down.  Yes, you can make a joke that I'm a vampire now.  Really, for the price, I was surprised by the quality. Also, this cam does not feel cheaply made.  It doesn't look chintzy or lame.  I have not tested the suction cup base however.  I got this model because it sits perfectly below my monitors without blocking my view, but gives an almost dead on view of my face.
0,Purchased this item to upgrade radio in Volvo. The fit was great and the color of the material was very good with the original color of the vehicle. Really simple and easy to install, and worked great!
0,I rarely post reviews but I thought I would for this. I use this with my DirecTV DVR receiver and Hauppauge Colossus 2. At first I thought it didn't work because the Colossus 2 wasn't getting a signal. I had a short 3 foot cable going from the output of the DirecTV receiver to the HDMI switch input and then a 35 foot cable going across the room from the output of the switch to the computer. I had to put the 35 footer from the back of the receiver to the input port of the switch and the 3 foot cable from the output of the switch to the computer and that worked perfectly. I am very well pleased with the BG-520 HDMI switch.
0,Purchased this for my spouse (an M.D.) so as to ease her burden since she had been lugging quite a load about the hospital every day thus a pain for her.  This Sierra Powerglide is doing the job for her very well.  She loves the sturdiness of the bag & the quality of the fabric with strong zippers.  It rolls extremely well & the wheels appear to be of quality without any fear of it wearing out any time soon.  The handle is also very sturdy and should serve reliably long into the future from what I can tell.  I personally have had my share of book bags; this one is built better than anything I have ever experienced.  It really comes down to getting what you pay for; you won't regret this purchase because it's worth the extra bucks.
0,The sound on these is amazing. And they instantly connect with my bluetooth iPod.  So easy. I  carry my iPod in my pocket when I'm running and these never disconnect, unlike other brands I have tried. Really love them!
0,purchased for client - works perfectly as needed .
0,I'm giving it 4 stars because it does the job with my brand new HP F4400.  I left one star off because I had to completely ignore the user manual to make this work.	For everyone having problems here's a true solution.		DO NOT install the CD that comes with the device		Plug the IOGear Device in to your Router and power it on.  Followed by powering on the printer.		Access your routers connected device list and look for the device by name or MAC address.		Write down the IP that was assigned and if your router allows, reserve the IP for its MAC.		In Windows (Of any flavor, even Windows 7) install the normal Printer Driver (Windows 7 already had my driver so I did nothing)		Now go to the ADD PRINTER Wizard		Choose "ADD A LOCAL PRINTER"		Choose "CREATE A NEW PORT" and "STANDARD TCP/IP PORT"		For Hostname or IP Address enter the assigned IP address of the IOGear device from above.		Next screen for Device type choose "Generic Network Card"		Now find your Printer Driver and follow the rest of the Wizard.		Print test page!
0,perfect for kids, no need to use back camera so it doesn't matter that is difficult to open, very good protection
0,This Vizio is the best sounding bar. The 3.0 has 3 speakers, the one in the center carries the voice and the outer speakers carry the surrounding information. I've Tried Samsung and a couple of other name brands and this one beats them all in sound quality. I'm very happy with my purchase and rate it a 5......PMF.... Michigan
0,The Origin Story: I'm a mid-twenty-something with computing proclivities including (but not limited to) video editing, music production, PC gaming, Unity/Unreal game development, and media streaming. Despite my compulsion to work from home even when I'm off the clock, I seem to always lean on the 'broke' side. If you fit any of these descriptors, this monitor is absolutely FOR YOU. I purchased one Used-Like New via Amazon Warehouse for $235, and another New at Best Buy for $250 over Black Friday weekend. Now, every time I enter my nerd den at home, I feel as fancy as a posh poodle in pearls.		The Pros:	- Stellar. Graphics.	- Superior. Connectivity.	- Sleek. Design.	- Simple. Usability.		As most other 24-year-old white girls would say, "I can't even right now." It's so great. I play mainly RPG games like The Witcher, Mass Effect, Assassin's Creed, etc., and this monitor pulls you into those magnificent worlds. The color fidelity and the greyscale seem spectacular, whether on Steam or Netflix. I am not a serious online FPS gamer, so I can't tell you just how perfect this monitor is for attaining otherworldly kill streaks in a high-intensity CS:GO or Overwatch death match, but I can tell you this monitor's refresh rate is a dramatic upgrade from the 2011 Samsung monitor I had been using.		The product's design and user-friendliness are very intuitive; I was ready to go after about 10 minutes assembly and set-up. There is a small 'knob' (joystick? fiddlestick? I'm not sure of the technical term) on the back right side that is maneuvered and pressed to go through the various menus. Maybe it's just easy because I took out thousands of dollars of loans to achieve a satisfactory college education. Maybe I'm just projecting. I'm sure it will be easy for you, too, with or without the student loans.		The Cons:	- Brightness, I guess.	- Limited maneuverability, I suppose.		It isn't very easy to adjust this monitor; you can't move it vertically up or down, the tilt angles cannot go too extreme. The colors seemed a bit washed out when I first turned it on, which I easily adjusted via the brightness and contrast menus. Honestly, my biggest complaint is that occasionally non-4K images and programs look a bit pixelated, but that is a problem I can live with given the trade-offs.		Final Opinion:	If you are multitasker who needs the screen space, buy this. If you are gamer anywhere between casual and advanced who wants a more immersive experience, buy this. If you want to impress friends with pictures of your "crazy-cool set-up," buy this. If you are a broke twenty-something who wants a monitor that screams "Does not regularly eat ramen to avoid buying groceries," buy this.
0,I bought this cable after discovering that the cheaper version I first bought didn't fit into my Android  phone's jack. This cable is in a whole different class. The connectors fit snugly. The cable is sturdy yet flexible and has a real quality feel. The quality is reflected in every aspect of its design and workmanship. It's absolutely worth the extra money for this cable.
0,I did have one DOA but others were fine and continue to work well. Even with one dead, worth the price.
0,works great
0,So far so good!  I really was not sure that this would mate up with the other King X receiver I have but not  a problem to report.  I really am glad that I did not waste a bunch of money on name brand triggers.  King X is really the way to go as the range is amazing, the Battery life is good.  Build quality is fine and they really work well on my Canon system.
0,Really tiny. Replaces another longer unit purchased here at Amazon more than a year ago.  Best thing about it is the Ralink software.  Somewhat cryptic to use but otherwise connects you to the internet the first time without problems.  Every new release is a challenge it itself just to figure out where to set your SSID etc.  Otherwise, really excellent and not to mention cheap and just wonderful.  I will be buying more if I need to. Needed something shorter to place on my netbook as well as my snug fitting sleeve.
0,I really love this case, love the color, its great for my kindlefire. It fits perfect.. I would order the cover again
0,Works as it should every time which is more than I can say for my canon light!
0,worked great in my PS4.  Won't work in a brand new PS4 unless upgraded with the latest firmware.
0,new favorite....better than cable for what I watch
0,Great, great case!  From the presentation to the case itself, I'd highly recommend this case.  Fit and finish is very high quality.  The magnetic on/off works perfectly and all cutouts line up correctly.  No weird smells, although I kinda wish it smelled MORE like leather. This case WILL add significant bulk to the Air 2, however.  So be aware of that.  I like it though, as it gives the Air 2 a more substantial feel.  The magnetic clasp snaps together on it's own every time you close the lid (very cool) and the two clasps don't seem to get in the way as much as I thought they would.	Overall a VERY high attention to detail and one of the best cases when matched up with the Gold iPad Air 2.
0,Still working.
0,Excellent mount for antenna for flat roof.  Very sturdy, solid construction.  Installed two in the past month.
0,I guess I didn't read the description carefully. This is exactly what the product is: a STAND and spare battery charger.	I was expecting a phone charger stand with a spare battery & charger.
0,as advertised.  got the right one
0,This cable is very well made and priced right.
0,works
0,It's exactly what I expected.
0,working great so far! it's so convenient having the extra batteries!
0,Picked up this latest processor for a steal and it is light years faster than my last Core 2 Duo E6700.	I never see the usage meter pegged during normal use EVER! This means it's super efficient. It usually sits down near 0%. Turbo feature is awesome.	Added 02/06/10- One thing to keep in mind is that this is a quad core processor! However Intel has done a good job of keeping price low and balancing the chip's power usage and performance. It will actually under-clock the CPU if left idle saving you $$$ on your energy bill and being green. The on the other hand, you can overclock it and really get high end performance from a $200 part.
0,The cord works great but the metal piece under the auxiliary port keeps spinning off.  It still works but it can get annoying to have to respin the piece back on.
0,works just fine
0,This is the exact model of remote that came with my Dynex TV. Out of the box, put the batteries in and turn the TV on. No programming needed.
0,I cried a little bit when manufacturers stopped producing Palmtops, the tiny little laptop-ish sort of affairs that used to be pretty commonplace among nerds and business travelers before laptops were cheap or light, and before your cellphone was also your email platform. I've searched far and wide for something that suited my delicate, lady-like fingers and my penchant for getting stuff done on long commutes without carrying a 10lb bag. I scoffed at tablets like the ipad which were so gimped all I ever saw a businessman do with one is play candy crush or some other embarrassing minigame on the ferry to work. I own the Stream 11, which is HP's super cheap ultralight chromebooky thing. It's great, but carrying whatever book I was reading was getting old, so I started looking at eReaders.		I was about 2 clicks from owning the new $50 kindle, until I saw this in the suggestions. I'd previously brushed it off as 'just another tablet', but then I did some thinking. Win10 has the Kindle app, a full office suite, a big-boy browser that will let me install adblock, and most importantly, a full Windows install that can run the Citrix app I need to connect to my office PC. Now for 90% of my commutes I can ditch both the book I would normally carry, and the HP netbook. People are quick to tell me I can't possibly get any work done on a 7" screen with a 7" keyboard case, but it's surprisingly effective. The fact that its a very dense (BRIGHT!) IPS means even small text in my terminal windows is easy to read.		People have rated the Kindle app for win10 poorly, but it does do the basics pretty well and I've been enjoying it in spite of the insanely nitpicky things people seem to complain about. In a pinch, I can fire up a full-on, native SSH client or my Citrix gateway and get some work done right away. In terms of performance, it's not going to break records, but I routinely have a web browser, the kindle app, and SSH going simultaneously and rarely hit any choppiness. On my first boot I was prompted for a win10 upgrade which I gleefully took, because Win10 is a major step forward. I didn't even realize all of the gesture controls at first, which make it an amazingly fluid experience. The downside is that a Win10 tablet has all of the desktop programs you love, but fewer of the 'App store' apps you need. An iPad/Android tab is the exact opposite. More often than not I'm more frustrated by having to use a gimped iOS version of my favorite program than not being able to find a certain mobile app, since most mobile apps generally prove to be crap.		The build quality isn't too bad, considering you can score one for $99, it's as well built as any average Windows laptop you'd buy. Apple is in a league of its own for build quality, so no, don't expect a unibody aluminum masterpiece with chamfered bezels for 1/6th the price. If I drop it off a subway platform, it might ruin about 2 hours out of my day before I got over it. When it's obsolete in a few years, I won't be mad at all. Enjoy paying as much as this thing costs for your applecare plan!
0,ok everyone stating that it is only 471 gb should know that when you buy a hard drive or ssd drive that they are all not what is advertised.  500 gb is 460 gb and 256 gb ssd is 237 gb so stop complaining. secondly if you are getting slow speeds then its your computer port. its usb 3.1 so if you want the fast speeds then have 3.1 ports
0,I like this little amp, I have it in a closet powering two Micca 8" ceiling speakers in our master bedroom. It doesn't give quite enough bass to the speakers like the previous stereo receiver did (I wish it had some equalizer knobs), but I'll live through it because of the power and heat savings (my closet was getting pretty hot with two full size receivers in there). This thing barely puts off any heat and I run it 24/7. Even running 24/7 it barely sips power.
0,Better than what I expected for the price. Very sturdy and the adjustments are ok. However there were a few dents on one of the legs but not enough to complain about.
0,Excellent memory for my Asus P9x79 Le with i7-4820k (3.7 Ghz) processor
0,Exactly the part that I was looking for
0,Definitely worth the $50.
0,Good quality item, arrived just in time for my project--making a safety upgrade on an old Fender Bassman, and Showman.
0,Great Product
0,For me this was perfect. Wanted a windows 8.1,  8 inch tablet.  Can't beat  the price for the specs on the 802.	Moves fine no glitches.	Would buy another. Would recomend.
0,These have been a trusty fix for flakey Miner Risers.	Great replacement for bad cords
0,Great speakers. I have a two pairs and they produce very crisp and clear audio when coupled with a subwoofer. Don't know much about speakers but I can say I love these
0,Im pretty pleased with my purchase.... they arrived on time and they fit my phone perfectly.
0,This Brand is stand for its name after I have used four different brands,I used it for Karaoke show with two monitors on stage and two monitors for control booth,never dropped signals or interference during the show. Thanks
0,These are great for traveling. I alway charge my phone by my bed and when I am in a hotel and the outlets are eaten up my a lamp and clock i can get around it and charge my phone and iPad
0,I will not go into details that have been covered in other reviews. Instead, I will focus on my experience shooting video with this camera. I am a filmmaker with lots of experience shooting film and HD, and this is my first foray into DSLR video. I could not be happier! The ability to change the sensitivity of the sensor is simply an amazing experience, since it is something you cannot do when you are shooting video (other than by using the gain, but then you get lots of video noise). I can't tell you how great it is to shoot at night with available light and simply turn the knob to go all the way to 3200 ASA! (you can go higher but the noise did become and issue for me; thus buy fast lenses, f/2.0 if you can). Of course the rolling shutter problem is still there (things are recorded like jello when they move or if you pan the camera beyond a certain speed and with certain shutter speeds), but being able to use nice glass and have very shallow depth of field is great (I had to use a 35mm adaptor to get the same effect when shooting with my HVX200. I cannot overstate how important it is to get the best glass you can afford to shoot with this and any other camera; the quality of your images will be greatly affected depending on this. I have shot 1080p 24fps footage with this camera and have edited it alongside footage shot with the HVX200A, and while there is a difference in quality (in texture, and the way the cameras handle gamma) the difference is really not that noticeable. I would recommend buying the battery grip if you plan on shooting video (and extra batteries) so that you will have enough juice, especially since you will spend more time than normal making sure the image is in focus (which is also why it would be best if you buy an HD monitor to make it easier to check focus, which means you now need an external battery for the monitor, which means you also need some sort of rig to hold the monitor and your T2i at the same time...you see where Im going with this), and get class 6 SDHC cards for extra storage (I bought 3 32GB and 3 16GB class 6 cards and a Pelican case for them).  Once you start shooting with this camera you will not be able to stop. The only negative I can think of would the sound recording quality, but filmmakers usually shoot double system anyway (one device to record sound and another one to record images) so this is a non-issue for most professionals. Hope this review helps.
0,Great speakers. This is my first soundbar/surround sound, so I'm not very experienced in home audio, but this works great and sounds significantly better than my tv's speakers. I know there are much better systems out there, but I'm not sure how many can beat the value of this.
0,LOVE it
0,You can't download stuff onto it and its a bit limited in what it has.  However, the battery life is great, its great for streaming stuff (I use chromecast) and has all the basic programs you need.  So, for what it is it works great.
0,Pretty easy set-up with CD/WIFI was recognized even without software. Can't beat this as a conversion for a non-wif desktop and also works great while traveling to share hotel wifi between devices
0,Gave life to my 4 year old UPS that could only hold a charge for a minute. Now the UPS hold for 45 minutes!
0,Fit my 8.1 Fire perfect.  It stands up just like the picture.  Cover works perfect and turns on the tablet when opening and turns it off when you close it.  My tablet still informs me when I make a sale on Ebay even when it is turned off which is great.  Cae is very sturdy and does protect the Kindle.
0,Love the cover. Feels even softer than then the ipad glass. Word of advice, be very gental with the screen it feels a thin flexible glass and if you hold it too hard it will bend.		Don't rush through the process it will take time but it is worth it. The screen doesn't even seem like it is on but it does protect it against starches and lines I know my stylus will make, I have the jot.		They send you 2 of the covers which is what you will  need. Use the 1st one to Make all your mistakes then the 2nd one on when you figure out how to put it on well. My 1st one bent & had bubbles  & dust. If you have any problems e-mail the company, they are really prompt & helpful in their response. It's not one of the "don't reply to this message" bs (sorry pet peeve).		The product I love, It does take patience & time to get it on. But now that mine is on, I love the soft glass like feel.
0,hasn't broken yet, about three years old now.
0,Second speaker for me. Lost the first one. It is very useful when traveling in hotel rooms. Good sound.
0,I've been a fan of Noctua and used their higher end stuff on previous builds with great results.  For this build, being a gaming rig I went with the i5 and overclocked it to a mid range level.  The temps hover around 32 and even when stressed stay well within acceptable levels.  I see no need to risk water cooling when results like this are so easy.  The new design did make using high profile RAM sticks easier as well, which was my only complaint in previous models.  It's also super quiet.
0,nice ssd
0,Used this unit on our bike run this past weekend. Sets up fast on my luggage rack on the motorcycle. Awesome output. There was a croud of say 250 bikers, and when the prayer was said, they heard it all.	Great , must have unit. For the price.
0,My husband installed this in seconds and it was a breeze to use. It comes with its own remote but it looks different than the eight million other remotes in your home, so you should be able to separate it from the others).
0,Works great, fits is great for 12" MacBook.		It could be thinner for those of us with 12" MacBook, and dark color on edges would be nice. I'm a network engineer and this is not fashion. All dark color or dark edges would not show the dirt.
0,Love this bag. Durable and nice
0,It works great, better then Tether Tools, I would make a Small Rig System before using anything else.
0,Great product would highly recommend it
0,did not see.
0,Really nice!!!
0,fast delivery, everything as it said.  worked out great
0,As advertised
0,It's rare to find a product that offers just those features you are looking for and leaves off those you really don't need or want. With the Garmin Nuvi 1350t you don't have to accept any compromises - at least I didn't. I got the features that were most important to me like lane assist, spoken street names, lifetime traffic and a pedestrian mode. I don't need or want bluetooth capability especially with all the problems associated with that technology. The lane assist is absolutely wonderful. Never again do I have to wonder if I am in the right lane to make that exit or turn. It definitely eases the anxiety levels driving on congested city highways. As a senior citizen, it's nice to have that extra assistance now that the reflexes aren't as quick as they once were. I also like knowing the speed limit for the road I am traveling on. So often in the past, I wondered what the speed limit was, especially on rural roads where the signs may not be posted with much frequency.  All in all, this was the perfect gps for my driving style as well as my particular lifestyle. It's also the best gps for the money, in my opinion.
0,The RIGHT items at a GOOD price shipped FAST! What more can you ask for? This RAM works GREAT!
0,Fits well, with good padding around edges.  But corner passing is weak and puts computer at risk.
0,Twin review.  Same as the 1st earbuds.
0,Works perfectly fine with available optical audio output from my samsung TV. Used it top connect my new Philips sound bar to it. No issues.	Shipping was blazing fast. What's not to like.
0,So far I haven't heard my son voicing any objections
0,Love it
0,Optoma ZD302 DLP Link Active Shutter 3D Glasses	These are GREAT.  They automatically connect to the projector Optoma HD28SE.  I use the SBS view. My first movie in 3D was Ghost Busters 2016. FANTASTIC IN 3D...even the closing credits...OMG!!! I would walk away the glasses would shut off and when I returned they automatically connect.		I purchased my glasses through Amazon: Seller: Optoma. This is important. Avoid FAKES.	Opening the box:	1. The package is cellophane sealed.	2. There is a Barcode LABEL for the following:	Model #, Serial #, Part #, UPCOMING, EAN.	3. Both ends of the box have clear seal tape.	4. Inside the box: there is a card that says "STOP" do not return product  contact tech support. AND...a WARRANTY.	This is how I knew I received a GENUINE  product.		I originally purchased the 3D glasses with the emitter. (Optoma ZF2300GLASSES Active Shutter Rechargeable 3D RF Glasses)...  HORRIBLE. I returned them. I also believe that they were fakes.
0,Still running for 4 years 24/7. Great product.
0,I tried to use on my Android phone. It works fine as an HID device and about half of special buttons work. My issue is that it doesn't have support for foreign language layouts. It only types in English.  I'm guessing iPhone doesn't have that problem. Other than that I reccomend it for very high portability.		Update:	Just tried connecting this keyboard with Le Pan II tablet running Android 3.2.1 that I got from Amazon: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0067XX3AI/ref=oh_o00_s00_i00_details  and so far have no luck.  After I type given numbers on keyboard, it would get paired and even connected for about 30 seconds, but I still can't type and then it would disconnect.  Still searching for solution.
0,Great camera.
0,<div id="video-block-RHKXN3CFRSTC4" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/E1ISm71O7AS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/41TfNCYiCHS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Startech was kind enough to let me try this device out, and I must say it is a nice compact accessory for anyone with a laptop or Windows Tablet that wants to be more productive on the go. The Mini Dock works great on my 2014 Retina Macbook Pro and my Surface Pro 3. I find the dock extremely useful on the Surface Pro 3, since you only have one USB3 port on it. The Mini Dock gives me the ability, in one device, to hook up an external monitor, have wired Gigabit ethernet and still have a USB3 port available to plug my thumbdrive. Having the choice of VGA or HDMI is handy in presentation situations where VGA is almost always a good fallback when HDMI isn't available. Unfortunately you can't drive 2 external monitors, but it can handle a full HD display with no issues. The only aesthetic downside is the short USB3 cable. On the Surface Pro 3; because of the position of the USB3 port, the mini dock will dangle off the side of the machine.		Overall, this is a great portable accessory, I no longer need to carry around a mini-display port adapter along with a USB ethernet adapter and a USB3 hub, this one device does it all.
0,Love these cables! The longer ones are perfect for charging the kids devices in the backseat of the car. Charge fast!
0,The anchor lightning cable is of outstanding quality.  This cable is of the quality from Apple and nearly twice as long.  I have no problem plugging it into my iPad Air 2 with the zag rugged book  keyboard case. Yes,  I recommend this anchor lightning cable ,  you won't be disappointed.
0,Very nicely made metal step down ring. For the price you can't go wrong. The anodized black finish is a nice touch too.
0,Very nice
0,4 mil thickness is sturdy.	I actually use them to hold my personal library (large) hardcover books to keep from scrapes & air dust.  Some 20 year oldsleeves have a dirt film but the books are relatively clean and undamaged.
0,I bought these to temporarily protect my ipad 2 until I could a better case. However, I like this one so much that I never looked for any other case.
0,Not that great but I needed some that were small, unobtrusive with decent sound to use with my PC when I was not using my headphones. They also have plenty of volume too.		These fit the bill perfectly.
0,Used this to mount to the roll bar of my car and it worked perfectly! GoPro products top of the line as usual!
0,Good product easy to install. Work as advertise.
0,Flawless performance and easy to use
0,worked good
0,EDIT:  You might need to disregard my original review, as Amazon has now changed the picture and description of this keystone jack.  I stand by my original review of Leviton's USOC jacks, as they are high-quality jacks.  I have previously written a review for their Cat5e data jacks as well.		Original post:		First of all, note that the description Amazon has on their website of this Leviton Quickport jack is incorrect.  This is a Leviton USOC voice-grade jack with 6 contact terminals.  The Amazon description calls this a Cat5 connector with 8 connection pins.  Note the picture shows 6 pins and that the keystone does not say "Cat5e" on the front.		Therefore this keystone jack should be used for voice applications only since it will not terminate 4-pair UTP cables.  However, used as a voice-grade jack these are very nice, high-quality keystone jacks.  They are compatible with most faceplates that accept snap-in connectors from manufacturers like Leviton and Panduit.  The contact terminals are clearly labeled to avoid confusion when terminating wires, and if you make a mistake you can simply pull the wire back out and reterminate.		A bit pricey, but a good product from Leviton.
0,organized my 100 foot 12 gauge no problem
0,This device is really great for my bedroom, I keep it mounted on the wall above my night stand so I have plenty of visible, easy to access outlets for whatever I may need them for. I always hated reaching behind my bed or looking for a spare outlet so this thing helps. The plus themselves do swing very easily, which is very helpful so no matter how it's mounted you shouldn't have difficulty rotating the plugs to fit your needs. No more problems with large pack plugs that need to be plugged into the last slot or cover up other plugs (think old school nintendo plug packs, those large fat square plugs that were a nightmare for extension cords due to their size). You shouldn't have any issues, plus with 8 available outlets, you should be covered for average use. The orange button on the end allows for easy shut off for the entire strip, and it doesn't glow too brightly that it's a nuisance but does give off light so you know that it is on. Great device, I highly recommend!
0,Excelente
0,I have spent about 18 months reviewing my options in regards to a larger screen LCD, Plasma, or DLP TV.  I bought my first LCD TV in 2005.  A 23" Samsung for $850 and I thought it was the greatest thing in the world... until I saw my friends 120" front projection system and I was floored.  I am not a technophile, audiophile, or any other 'phile.  But I love films.  I don't have cable TV and I only use my TV for DVDs and Blu Ray.  After seeing my friends gorgeous home theater setup I made it my goal to set up something similar, but for less money.  He spent $6,000 and I wanted to spend about $2,000.  Anything more and I think you're just throwing money away that could go to helping the planet, etc.		I had several requirements:		1.  It must be as cheap as possible so I could sleep at night and feel I got a good bargain and didn't blow part of my retirement fund.		2.  It had to be as large as possible.  32" and 46" were just not worth the upgrade for me and far too expensive for so little screen real estate.		3.  The picture needed to be spectacular.  I just bought a PS3 and I wanted it to look like the picture on the Blu Ray displays in Blockbuster, Best Buy, etc.  I am always captivated when I walk in.		4.  Low energy usage.  This should be added into the overall cost of the TV.  Large LCDs use a large amount of energy.  Not in comparison to the old CRTs, but still.  I couldn't have my electric bill go up $100 a year with this new TV.  And I am concerned about the environment.		And that's really it.  I didn't care about putting it up on the wall.  I have a TV stand in my basement.  And this is only 19" deep, or something silly.  Still very thin when you think about the size.  Unreal.  I was not concerned about gaming performance, or how good the TV looked when the news was on, or the football game.  I just wanted a TV I could watch a few movies on a week with my Blu Ray player, Bose speakers and my Yamaha receiver.		And man, did I make the right move.  I have never seen a picture as sharp, or as contrasty as this one.  The blacks are deep, the colors natural, but vibrant and the contrast lovely.  I'm a photographer and I know a nice image when I see one.  I loaded up some of my high res landscape shots and it was incredible.  Rivaled my Apple display I use for graphics work.  Not as good, but very, very close.  Scary for a $1,600, 61" screen to rival a $900, 23" Apple display.  But it did.		I watched the most recent Bond movie and Spider Man 3 last night and at one point I realized my mouth was agape.  My jaw was touching the floor... literally.  I couldn't believe the quality.  I saw this TV in Best Buy last week and it looked kind of crappy.  Sort of blurry, the contrast was low, the colors muted and dull and it was only because of these reviewers on Amazon that I chose this TV.  I never would have chosen it had I just gone to Best Buy.  I would be stuck with a 46" LCD and wondering why the hell I upgraded to something that isn't EXACTLY what I want.  But I didn't.  I got this.  Thank God!		If you have been looking for a large TV to get, this really is the only choice.  Unless you're mounting it on the wall of course.		So let's get behind this technology so it doesn't go away.  It really is the best choice in large format TVs right now.  Logically.  No question!
0,A good product for a good price.
0,What can I say?!  Reliable, fast, good size.
0,Work great.
0,GOOD GOOD GOOD
0,Purchased these in September 2015.  They still work fine which is a good sign since cheap earbuds don't last too long.  Sound quality is average, good enough to use for phone conversations and light use for music.  If you want an affordable pair of headphones that'll last some time then these would be a good choice.  In three words; simple, basic, and reliable.
0,Good quality lens hood for my Canon 10-18 lens.
0,was great until I spilled coffee on it. the text on the keys are a little weird, putting the shifted key below the default.	nice and bright, though.
0,My integrated port on the motherboard stopped working and nothing I could do would fix it, so I sprang for this for one of my slots. Have to say it works very well out of the box (using Ubuntu 10.4 and Windows 7). Not sure if it is my imagination, but it actually seems to run faster and give me less problems than my old one, but then again the old one (integrated) died, so perhaps it was always acting a bit odd. Either way, for the price I think it's very well worth it.
0,Works great and as with all of the AmazonBasics stuff I have tried, is a terrific value for the money.
0,Great card for the price ! I was very skeptical about it but after having done my research I finally chose this card for it's great price to performance ratio.	I am running this on a Asus 1080p monitor so that extra 4 GB of ddr 5 come in handy win I put the games on ultra : ). Plus when you order you get 3 free games .
0,Fits the bill to mount my Yaesu VHF/UHF dual band transceiver in my Expedition. It has many options & is very versatile & well constructed	Harold from Grants Pass, OR  W2HR
0,Bought this 16GB sd card with my Olympus Tough camera works great have taken many HD videos and Tons of pictures and still have plenty of room for more. It's really fast and just can't say anything bad about it.
0,I needed this to solve an issue with an older HP color laser printer that would randomly lose the WiFi signal a couple of times a day. This was annoying as the only way to reconnect was to restart the printer. The process took a couple of minutes to complete each time. My wife and kids would rather just print to the (much more expensive to use) inkjet printer that never loses its connection. I love the old color laserjet because I can now buy 5 cartridges (3 colors and 2 black) for $60 on Amazon. This is crazy cheap so I plan to use it as long as possible. But the WiFi issue meant it wasn't being used much. So I bought a pair of these and so far they seem to have solved the issue. I paired them on the same receptacle, near my router, using a 3 prong extension cord. I did this based on other reviews. After pairing I took the second adapter downstairs and plugged it in near the printer. It showed a connection within a couple of seconds. Plugged in the ethernet cable to the printer and it was golden. After a few hours it seems to work just fine. I tested speed and there was very little difference between the WiFi and the powerline adapter. However I am hoping that this will bypass the weirdness with the printer wireless connection. My DIRECTV DVR often won't stream content so I may try it with one of these to see if the more robust connection will help. My other devices in the same location (Apple TV and Amazon FireStick don't have any issues over WiFi. I am very happy with this product and will be buying more.
0,Price is good work as it should
0,Works as advertised. I've used LG drives before, actually replaced one with this. I did have to updated the drive to get windows to recognize it. I thought it would be faster based on all the reviews I had read.
0,Quite simply, I'm in love with the simplicity of the OS!		I'm a computer professional of multiple decades.  If your needs a mostly web-based, then Windows has no place in your life.  These are the ONLY solution because they: don't require antivirus software with never ending subscriptions and scans, constant software updates, reconfiguring your preferences every time you get a new one or use someone else's Chromebook.  Also, these are quite fast and don't seem to slow down over time like Windows computers.		Open the box, log in with a Gmail address and you're done!  I appreciate this!
0,I disassembled my Radeon HD 5870 (Sapphire branded) and swapped the fan without seeing the difference between the old and the new.  Got it back together just fine and into my PC.  It was dead silent and then turned itself off.  The fan was unable to spin but only after disassembly yet again, did I discover why.		There is a small tab that is meant to keep the wires away from the spinning fan.  The metal body of the card has a recess for the tab. The original tab is significantly smaller than the tab on the replacement.  This is easily solved by trimming or as I did, removing the tab entirely- but this restores the problem it was meant to solve.  The wires will now prevent the fan from moving.		I completed the solution to the problem by firmly bending the wires into an 'S' shape, so that they would still fit in the old track meant for the wires.  Then a thin piece of black tape in a long 'U' shape to keep the wires in place.
0,Good! No issue!
0,Awesome charger.  Lots of features.  I love this thing.  It has made my life way better!
0,Love it! Almost perfect.  Just need the bottom to be a little bit longer on the torso area for my sexy small club dresses.	1-10  I will give it an 8.  I still love it.  Will be buying another one.  Easy set up.  Less then 10 min.
0,Hard to get legs back to straight position. It's just the nature of the design.
0,Oll good
0,5/23/2016 - Hmmm. Been a while. Just wanted to update the review. The TV is now working properly 95% of the time. It was utterly frustrating when it was jacked up but when it works properly i really like the TV. I say 95% of the time now because every occasionally the TV will not respond and the best way to fix it is find the power cord and unplug the TV and plug it back up. I am happy with the TV again and am adding one star back. 4 stars. Not 5 because of me having to fish through cobwebs so many times and all the cussing.		Original review and updates:	I am not a "videophile" but I know if something looks good or if picture quality issues are distracting. When I first powered it on I thought "well crud.." because it was too bright and there wasn't enough contrast. Picture looked washed out. Then I found the "advanced" settings. I've had to adjust every TV I ever had so no biggie, let's see if I can fix it. When everything was adjusted it looked very noticeably better than the TV it replaced. While it isn't as good as the best it is far better than good enough. Love it.		The Roku smart TV aspect I am still getting used to. Posting this review on it right now via one of my workstation computers that I hooked up to the TV. The feel and flow of it is good, borderline great. Never used a Roku device before so it will take some getting used to but it seems designed for simplicity and intuitiveness. I'm liking the interface but taking a bit to get used to it.		More to come...		1/22/2015 - Don't love it so much anymore. These TV's have a known hardware issue with their wireless. I know this because it happened to mine. Started out fine then after a few days it would not connect to the wireless which is bad because it doesn't have a wired ethernet port. What this means is that you lose all the streaming capability, all the stuff the Roku TV is all about. This happens every time it goes to sleep now.		Imagine having to get up and go unplug the TV and plug it back in every time you want to watch netflix. Now in case you are thinking I am tarded on networking I work as a Network Administrator and have for many years. Very savvy on switches, routers, wireless, vpn, etc. No, the TV is just jacked up hardware wise. I have a USB ethernet dongle ordered off of Amazon coming but "if" it works I lose the option of plugging my USB drive into it.		I have been reading how TCL is this huge company that we just never heard of. According to everything I have read I am very much beginning to wonder. I think they are pushing the TV's out knowing this is an issue and getting support for it is difficult at best.		2/11/2015 - Well, wired dongle didn't work. Matter of fact it kept me from connecting to "anything" at all. No wired working or wireless. Weird thing is that after I had enough of messing with the usb ethernet dongle I took it out and the wireless has worked ever since. How weird is that? Crossing my fingers though since I think I can expect more weirdness in the future. 3 stars still though. One stuck pixel and all the frustration it has caused me to date.
0,Definitely an improvement over the built in TV sound system. Produces clear  sound with much better range even at 20 feet from my 40 inch flat screen TV. Also sturdy enough to support the TV base, making for effective space utilization of the TV Stand..
0,Scrolling wheel sometimes over reacts when single click option is desired - have to recharge the battery every three to four days - but I use it for 10 to 12 hours a day, so could be  expected - positive side, very comfortable to use
0,Cool and quiet.  I replaced kit fan on myAMD FX(tm)-8320 Eight-Core Processor @ 2.9GHz.  The old fan would scream when CPU was working and temps still exceeded 70C.  This large-diameter fan by comparison freewheels and CPU doesn't get past 50C under the same load and fan is practically silent.  Importantly, this setup is also compact and fits perfectly in a slim case ( APEX 275W 4 Expansion slots 0.8mm Steel Slim MicroATX Case) with 16GB RAM.  I installed a second Shuriken for my other desktop (4-Core AMD in same APEX case).
0,Good solid feel. A worthy purchase, instead of buying filter for 67mm.		One thing to note: If you use the step up adapter you lens hoods (67mm) will not work, you will need to used the lens hoods that you have for 72mm.
0,Used this to build a gaming computer for my son (age 29). Impressive graphics (and he is *picky*)
0,The Collection of filters that you receive help you to create a number of great looks.  I would recommend this kit to anyone with strobes.
0,I really like the control I have on every device that connects to it.  Perfect control and monitoring capabilities for your teens devices.
0,As advertised. Got this 12ft HDMI cable to connect my Sony 4K UltraHD TV to my Apple iMac computer and it works great. I am able to send the audio from the iMac to the TV through the HDMI cable. Good quality and price.
0,This is my 7th Denon product . I have never had any problems with any receiver or DVD player. My only issue with this is the User Interface UI. It is not the most friendly, but is loaded with features. The problem arises when you don't use it often and have to figure it out again. The quality of sound is outstanding and has plenty of power. I use it for surround and playing music.		I purchased this to replace my old 5600, but I found an almost new one about a year ago and put it in my living room instead, as it has more power and I liked the sound just a bit better when playing my albums. This one is in my Master Bedroom, which is much smaller, but the acoustics are very good.
0,This does everything we bought it for. We just bought our son a new 14" Dell laptop and this case is perfect size to hold the laptop and the outside zipper pocket holds the charger. Very glad we got it so he doesn't just shove it into his backpack with all the other things in there.
0,This kit definitely goes a little beyond the resolving power of my current telescope (astromaster 114) but the optics are clearly very good, and the kit is so comprehensive. I got some really good views of Saturn with this. I'm very excited for when Jupiter comes back around and I can actually see good details.
0,Went on my car beautifully. I followed the simple instructions that were packed with it and I get compliments all of the time.
0,Fast service and good price.
0,Really like this sturdy backpack.  Great padding on the back of it, the side next to your body.  The shoulder straps are comfortable and well padded.  Nice assortment of pockets.  And the magnetic closures on the main flap were an interesting surprise, easy to close and easy to open, once you know how.
0,The LensPen contains a retractable cleaning brush at one end and a screw-cap covered moistenend cleaning tip at the other end. The whole pen is about 4-1/2 inches long and 3/4 inch in diameter. A pocket clip lets you attach the "pen" to any convenient pocket in your camera pack if desired. The cleaning brush is an inch long and about 3/4 inch in diameter, is very soft, and is designed for getting dust or other light particles off the surface of a camera body or lens surface. Although I have a protective filter over each lens, I'd like to not scratch the filter either when cleaning, and this brush does the job well. The cap-covered end contains a flat, circular moistened tip useful for getting more stubborn debris off a camera body or lens/filter surface. I tried it initially on several older and no longer used filters and it cleaned them well without leaving any scratches; it took fingerprints off easily and the moisture left behind dried without trace, but I followed up with a microfiber cloth just to make sure. Not a substitute for regular cleanings, but very good for in-the-field touchups. Note: Nikon and Canon sell their own identical versions of this pen for a few dollars more, branded with their own names, so this is the one to get.
0,I am pleased with this poduct, I use it for my omputer at work and so pleased with it. The delivery Imelda was uick as well.
0,Great mount for a great price.  Dont buy a mount at a big box store.  This one is perfect and won't break the bank
0,As others have mentioned, if you don't use the WPS set up for the unit, the instructions are confusing and/or incorrect. After using the WPS, the setup was simple and effective.		As far as performance goes--when connecting to the extender, speeds were a bit slower than when connecting directly to my wireless router, but it wasn't really noticeable for everyday tasks and is more than adequate for most people. The coverage area increase is substantial, and the added ethernet port is a nice addition. Overall, this is a good unit at a decent price.		I received the EX3800 from NETGEAR as part of a review and test program at no cost.
0,Fits well, and enough oversize to offer protection for the tablet. Leather finish looks and feels high-quality.
0,It does the job I wanted at a good price. It stays connected to my computer's USB port to save the port's life.
0,I've had this remote for about a year now and before this I had the Harmony One and it's predicessor, the Sony Remote Commander RM-AV2000. First and foremost, IT IS STILL WORKING! My Harmony One and Sony RM-AV2000 were both okay products but both stopped working after a while. Since I was also experiencing other problems with both remotes I decided to look for something else. After carefull review of what was available I narrowed it down to this one. Not too expensive, programmable, looks nice, reviewes where promising so I purchased it. Took a few mistakes to get use to the programming but after a while it was a snap. I did not have to plug it into my pc to configure it and therefore was able to make adjustments on the fly. Almost eveything on this remote is programmable. My experience was so promising that I brought another one to replace my other Harmony remote that was also starting to malfunction. Outside of battery life, which is on the level with the Harmony and not as bad as my Sony, This is a solid remote control that you can easily program or teach to do almost anything that has an infrared remote. I programmed my oscillating fan into it to see if I could and now it operates my fan! The main thing to me is that I can add devices, and create macros on the fly so it makes tweeking it easier. After heavy use both still look good and still functions like they are supposed to. I highly recommend this to family and friends an as a matter of fact I am purchasing another one for my new home theater setup in the living room.
0,NICE
0,Bought this to replace another unit which had finally given up the ghost.	Bought this one not realizing how complete it was It was initially confusing that the European adapter wasn't included in the main unit, but as an external adapter. Which was actually more convenient for my needs. The external USB charger adapter works great too!  And, put it all together, and it looks like Wall-E or ET.
0,This tripod is very versatile and quite rugged. The only thing that I found wrong is that the lock on the smallest section of one of the legs does not lock securely so that I can't extend the tripod fully.
0,I wanted a little portable radio that I could carry around the house with me as I did housework, etc. This radio has great sound quality and is super easy to carry. I live in the middle of nowhere, and even without putting up the antenna, it gets great reception. Even when my cat peed on it (I don't think he likes country music) and I had to use cleaning spray on it, the radio kept working perfectly! This radio is perfect for anyone who doesn't need a big, fancy radio and just wants something light and portable.
0,Nice quality plugs, however, they don't quite fit in a fitted Euro socket. We have had to make a few adaptations to use them.
0,good price
0,Super tough, but what else would you expect from Otter Box.
0,This is a great product! The box arrived AHEAD of the delivery estimate.  It was well packed and had no defects (thanks UPS).  Foam blocks around the screen kept it protected and the long box was wrapped in plastic also. Use a tape measure to get the mounting placement exact. I used two swag hooks instead of the enclosed drywall screws.  You might need to tug on the screen a little to get it to open the first time. The smell wasn't so terrible because I ran an air purifier next to it for a couple days.
0,I now own 2 LG Televisions. My first LG is a 42" LCD and it is a terrific TV,but the 47" 3D LED blows it away. I always thought that 3D was all hype and i have been to 3D movies at the theaters and was not that impressed,but watching it at home in a smaller room with the added surround sound is awesome on this television. I have read some of the complaints about the sound not being very good,but what can you expect with a very thin screen and really nowhere to put a great speaker system.so if you want great sound then you need to add a surround sound system and then you have in my opinion an excellent entertainment set-up. I thought about buying the 55" LW5600 but the added cost compared to the deal i got on this television was not worth it.
0,I purchased this Samsung ultra slim wall mount for my new Samsung UN55B8000 55" LED TV. I have to admit that I was a bit apprehensive about mounting a $3K TV using such minimal hardware, but the materials and construction of the mounting system is very high quality. The ultra slim wall mount takes full advantage of the TV's thin (1.2") design and only adds a half inch when installed. Therefore, the total depth from the wall is less than 2". Awesome! If you're going to wall mount the 6000, 7000, or 8000 series LED TVs, this is the way to go.
0,Nice long string attached to it. Stays put when on cam or front of a filter.
0,My wife loves this!
0,Great quality for the price...no problems with these whatsoever!
0,Never leave home without it. Goes on all travel trips. Great if you have kids
0,I've bought 3 of these in the past for gaming computers and 2 home servers running 24/7, and they've been very reliable for at least 2-3 years.		I bought a 4th one recently for a home server and it was defective. The computer rebooted itself randomly, and one day it just entered a power cycle loop. I tought the motherboard was at fault, but I tested the PSU in other 2 computers and it showed the same behaviour. The original system that I installed this PSU in is working fine with an Antec VP-450 for the moment.		I started the RMA process with Seasonic, will update after (or if) I receive my replacement.
0,My dvd's look noticeably better when played on this player.  Upscaling works well.  My junky lcd tv even looks good when viewing a dvd through this.
0,Great Product.
0,Hard to beat for the ~$250 price.		Pros:	HDMI, DVI & VGA inputs		Cons:	Not crazy about the glossy screen, even though it's an IPS panel		Comparison: Also have a HannsG HZ281 27.5" TN panel, matte screen, 1920x1200 res monitor that I think provides a superior image (surprisingly.) Dot pitch for both monitors is roughly the same, but the extra detail provided by the 1920x1200 resolution over the 1920x1080 IPS is actually noticeable (which also surprised me.)
0,I purchased this product with the intent of cutting smaller sections out of the 50' and installing the necessary F-male connectors myself. As it turned out, my standard connectors would not press fit onto the OD of this product. If you intend to cut this coax and put the connectors on yourself, be advised that it will not work. The reason is this coax has an OD of 0.290", while my standard RG6 connectors measure 0.270". I checked with the supplier, asking them to sell me some of their connectors, but they declined to do so. .	Their coax looked very good, so I have no complaint other than there was no warning about cutting the cable into shorter sections.
0,I was very skeptical about this product but after installing it on my D7100, I am a believer.  My fear was about the fit and finish but I was pleasantly surprised.  For the fit, although I haven't tried the original, I cannot imagine it being better. This thing is really tightly attached to the body and there is no gap whatsoever. In terms of the finish, I have absolutely no gripe.  MCO nailed it. And then there is the price. Boy!!!! If you have a D7100 or a D7200, don't even think, just grab one. You will thank me later :-).  By the way, one of the issue that people have with the Nikon grip in general can be alleviated if you use a battery in the grip. You can set the camera to use the battery in the grip first so that you don't need to remove the grip every time you want to charge the battery. It's in User Settings section d. That way you only need to charge the cell in the grip which is easy to access.
0,Very impressive specs and the image is beautiful.  Lacking in connections and other enhanced functionality such as ethernet, apps, multiple HDMI etc but all of this is handled by my receiver and ROKU box so this is exactly what I was looking for.  Image quality is on par with the big names such as SAMSUNG, LG etc.  If you are looking for a great quality BIG picture this is it.  FYI - the pictures do not show the VESA mounting holes but they are there.  200x200.
0,Wow!!! I have had all sorts of cases over the years but nothing has come even close to the high quality and workmanship of this Phanteks case. I read and viewed several reviews before finalising this purchase but nothing actually prepared me for the actual size and weight. My friends now call my machine - "The Beast". And that it is!!! It's a huge case but it is so easy to build in. Everything has been very well thought out and when I really search hard for stuff to complain about it comes down to two things - The fan hub which does work but which does not seem to truly allow the fans to operate over their full range. Second "complaint" the thumbscrews will likely need a screwdriver to loosen them the first time - not a bad thing as we wouldn't want things to fall apart during shipping. After building in a case like this you just can't go back to those other brands.
0,Battery fits well into the notebook and has revitalized it.  Seems to hold the charge and last longer than the original that died.  Would buy from seller again.  Recommended
0,We have several Window tablets and I wanted to use these cables to attach an external USB devices to the Windows tablets.  They work perfectly.  I used USB flash drives, mice, keyboards, etc.  External hard drives will not work with it, as they would require additional power.  If your hard drive has its own power, it will be fine.  But USB powered hard drive may not work, as it will draw too much power than the cable seem to be able to deliver.  Nevertheless, I connected a powerd USB hub to this adapter instead, and then attached my USB devices to the hub... flaweless!  I love it, I can have multiple devices instead of just one to my Windows Tablet.		The price is just amazing for the quality of this product.  I would buy more and definitely recommend this product.
0,wow  still learning how to use it, but it's way better than I expected for the price,
0,Good deal
0,So pros are that it's a keyboard you never have to recharge, keys are relatively quiet, and you only have to use one USB port for both the mouse and keyboard. Cons are that the keys do get 'glossy' with heavy use (but that's no different from any other keyboard nowadays) and that the keyboard is very low profile so it's great for casual use but with heavy typing you do have to really focus on keeping your wrists straight.		The mouse is great, has more buttons than I know what to do with haha but that's a bonus because as I learn to use them I can work faster. Only drawback so far as I can tell is the scroller slash third key is really easy to actuate which can be a problem if you use blender or other software that requires you to use that key often.		Overall extremely satisfied with the product.
0,I was surprised at how nice the tone of this radio is, given how small it is! Reasonably priced, VERY happy with my purchase!
0,Nice quality Ipad case with rubberized grip
0,Good HD picture and good upscaled DVD picture. I was suprised it takes a moment for the player to load the blu ray disc data when the disck is put into the player.
0,WORKS AS SCHEDULED
0,I live in a rural area 50 to 100 miles from numerous AM radio stations. My house with its tin	roof and rooms full of electronic equipment ( lot of rf noise = poor reception )is not a good place for any AM radio listening. That said this Radio C Crane Co CC2B Radio-2 AM FM/Weather and 2-Meter Ham Band does great. Better than any of my other 9 receivers, on AM, by far. Its FM is very good and is on a par with any of my good receivers. Apparent I'm to far out for Weather Band reception with just using the built in/on antennas.		It lacks features which I believe belong on any Receiver that sell for this price. Tecsun - 60 dollar receivers - feature a station scan/select/store/ system (what a joy it is ). Other 150 dollar radios have band pass filters available for the AM band. A very nice feature to augment/clarify weak signal AM listening. The lack of such with a view towards available technology makes me de-rate this very good receiver to a 4.		It is a good buy.  I have a RadioLabs ClearMod ATS-909X FM/MW/LW/SW Receiver on its way from California via FedEx which I am interested in comparing to this C Crane Receiver. In that the Sangean Receiver is twice the price and had been modified to get the most out of it this comparison will be interesting to me.		Most listeners especially those DX inclined who buy this Radio will be most pleased. It offers a lot for the Money!		Am I the only Amazon Reviewer who finds the ' INSERT A PRODUCT lINK' a PIA? It should suffice to 'push the button' to insert the item not hunt all over hells half acre for it.
0,In the old days, we used a single audio cable and single composite video cable to connect monaural VCRs to TV sets. With the availability of stereo TV sound in the 80s, we moved to a stereo pair of audio accompanied by that single composite cable for video. The next step was the use of an S-Video connector, which separated the color from the black/white signal. This was fairly short-lived, however, and was quickly upgraded to component video using three separate RGB connectors. Component video remains in widespread use today, though HDMI connections have rapidly overtaken them in terms of flexibility and availability. I note that my contemporary cable box with Verizon FIOS has component outputs and my LG OLED monitor has component inputs, but make sure to check your own equipment before using this connector.		This is a set of five RCA interconnect cables surrounded by a nylon mesh for ease of integration into the wire nest behind your sound and video system. The large cable is highly flexible and the audio pair and video triplet are color-coded. Note that the Right audio cable and the Red video cable have the same color code, but the pair and the triplet are independently provided with a band that reads AUDIO and VIDEO so there should be no confusion. The connectors are all black, with the color code inset into two small rectangular areas of each connector. The connection tip is one-piece and gold plated while the ground is split for a tight connection. I found that these had strong connections in a wide variety of equipment. The connector grips are not rubberized but are large enough for a good grip so that you don't have to twist them when inserting or removing (never a good idea). Overall this is a nice set of AV component cables that appear well made and should last many years.
0,good product
0,This product was great, still using it 3 years later.  very sturdy, well built, comfortable, and a good price.  Terrific product.
0,When I need to add another drive, this is the only way to go.  Plus, you get a discount if you order 3.
0,This mount was just the ticket for attaching my VIZIO 55" LCD TV to the wall. The instructions are in about every language in the world and possibly the universe. The illustrations were really all that were needed to accomplish the task. All the hardware that you could possible need were included as well. Great product at half the price of the same thing at Best Buy. I highly recommend the Sanus mount over any of the others I have seen.		One caution, don't mount your screen too high especially if you sit close to it.
0,good deal.
0,Works just like they are supposed to. We bought two of these to install in HTC Desire 816. No problems at all.
0,superfast and super easy to install. Replaced on 2 laptops at home and made them work like brand new laptops... super fast boot time and excellent performance..
0,Had to get it fixed twice since purchasing. Owned for one and a half years as of now. Works as expected, the screen is a little 'fuzzy' and 'matte' feeling.
0,Was a gift, so far great!
0,It is very useful, I was unable to use my FM radio transmitter. With my smartphone case on.
0,toke a charge good we will see
0,These are absolutely amazing.. they work perfectly and are durable.. very high quality. highly recommended..
0,I bought this to replace a power strip that caught on fire. Since I had to "start over" I decided to go with a squid to avoid the problem of my larger plugs taking up all the space around them. It sits under my entertainment center and is super handy.
0,I own two of these wireless adapters, and they work great.  I have used them with Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 10.  The throughput is high enough to allow for good torrent speeds.  Both systems have zero trouble connecting from a cold start or when waking up from sleep mode.  I've never had an issue with a dropped connection during use.
0,It works. I put it on a Kuryakyn mount on my bike for some tunes.
0,Fantastic value...  Just what I needed to monitor our vacation home...  Set up was very easy, and logging in using my android phone works great.  360 degree view is very useful...  night vision is quite good.  Motion sensing is OK...  but don't expect perfection...		Temperature and humidity indicators are a great bonus...  and accuracy is as good as stand alone instruments we already had...
0,spare case for my gopro
0,Don't be fooled by its photo and the different names of camera batteries it charges - they just put in the insert in the base to match your camera. It works very well and has the car charger as well, so a great replacement or second charger. It is a bit larger than my original Canon charger that came with the camera.
0,It's perfect fit! I love the quality of the material also. Keep in mind that it will "enlarge" your laptop a bit when putting it on strictly 14" laptop bags. Razer should ship this product away with the Blade.
0,I have this as my operating system drive... it boots in seconds... awesome	I will configure my next few to do the same ...
0,Pros:	- ATX PSU while still low and narrow	- Light weight and still rigid	- Possible 3-3.5" HDD's, 4 w/ a 5.25 converter	- Subtle power on and HDD lights	- 120mm 3-pin fan, very quiet	- Desktop drive bay orientation	- Removable front logo	- No sharp edges, I gave no blood	- Low price		Cons:	- Bigger than my mATX case in all dimensions	- The adhesive feet stick to the table better than the case		The main attraction for me was the ATX PSU mount, most mATX cases fit mATX PSU and they're almost universally dogs, very inefficient. It was cheaper for me to buy this case and use an existing ATX 80+ PSU than to get a 80+ mATX PSU. One reviewer mentioned getting a modular PSU, I'd have to agree, the Antec Earthwatts I used has long cables and they fill the case.		Bit of chicken and egg mounting the PSU and connecting the cables, the PSU wires quickly obscure the front panel connectors on the MB, but you have to have the front off to mount the PSU.		The FDD clips barely connected to my short card reader, so I drilled out the clip and used a screw to attach each clip to the reader.		I mounted a 3.5 to 2.5 HDD adapter into the front cable port, the ribbon cables had no problem fitting through the gaps but it blocked the power cable, so I rerouted the power cable, see photo. Perfect screw alignment for a 3.5" HDD if you're inclined.		The adhesive feet are very grippy opposite the adhesive, so much so that as I slid the case under the coffee table, all four feet pulled loose from the case. I had to lift and drop to position the case.
0,very fast  memory, I like it
0,Great drive.  I've been using the same drive for the last 3 years but it was a 120 gig drive and I just ran out of room so I upgraded to this one which is exactly the same except 500 gig.  I'm in IT and use this laptop almost 24/7 and the original drive was great so I expect the same for this replacement.
0,This is both functional and easy to choose for mid grade protections.  It is not as bulky as an otterbox  yet provides the necessary protections.  I am a phone manufactures worst nightmare.  If it can be broken I shall do it.  This case is a great value and provides good protection.  I had an otterbox which made my galaxy feel like a brick.  This is by far the best case for me to date as It has taken many spills/drops.  While scuffed the case remains in good shape while protection my investment!
0,I've bought these before and I'll buy this brand again if necessary.  These HDMI cables work great for me in connecting my BluRay player, Chromecast, Fire TV Stick, and computer to one monitor.
0,This was a great investment for me. Recording things made 100x easier. It seems if I leave it on my Hero 3 that it will die if it just sits.. so I would recommend taking it off and only putting it on before you use it.
0,Bought this for my GoPro 3 Black.		My only complaint is that putting it on and taking it off is a pain, but it's not a big deal at all.		Overall a good product.
0,I had purchased a different AC router that I found lacking and I paid $200 for it. I can see this one has more features. The web interface isn't to bad but could still use some improvement.
0,It served well in Europe and Central America.  It takes up a lot of room in your luggage though.
0,great
0,Looooove the 32 GB for my online game purchases. Works great with my 3DS. I'm probably going to buy one for my camera too.
0,Installed in my mac pro, but the Install was a tad trickyer and tighter than I wanted to deal with (I have big hands) so I brought it to the geek place.	They installed it while I waited albeit they took 45 minutes after they said it would be 5	Oddly enough apple refused to do it, claiming I wud have needed to buy the wireless card from them at 3x the price, then leave the puter w them for 2 weeks.	Didn't really want the geeky guys to do it but, it was done while I waited w no appointment n they only charged me $20.... And now the wireless card works like a charm	Very zippy and no more wires ;-)
0,Instructions are clear to follow and installation isn't difficult. Wipes to clean the screen were nice and big so I was able to really clean my iPad before I used the dust sticker.  Very clear. At times I can't ever remember I have a screen protector on my iPad. This one was a replacement after my first screen cracked and I contacted customer service about the lifetime warranty. They were very helpful and sent the replacement no problem. I would recommend this screen protector for the price, quality, and customer care. It does its job and seems to be well made.
0,perfect fit
0,If you are tired of cord issues, then these are for you.  I wish they came in longer lengths, but these cords are extremely well made.  The wrapping makes the cords very durable.  We will see if my wife can destroy one, but I'm betting on the cord.
0,Very good set of networking devices. I use it to connect my printer to te network.. I've had some issues with them disconnecting now and then and have added a wireless power switch to each to restart and reconnect when this happens.
0,i have windows 7 (64 bit) plugged it up installed in seconds. works great long battery life, can use it anywhere in room.
0,I have and have owned way too many ear buds in my lifetime. Some good some not so good. I would say these fit into the good category. I actually have two pairs as I always misplace them so this way I always have my backup. I find them to be very comfortable and they don't fall out of my ear. They also don't get all tangled up which eventually leads to a kink that will eliminate stereo way too soon. The sound is better than average but sound better than average because ambient sound is locked out for the most part. The bass is pretty good but could use a little more boom. These are terrific for the price as the clarity is very good and leaves you feeling satisfied while listening. Get these ear buds if you're looking for an inexpensive pair of ear buds that fit well and hence sound pretty darn good. Recommended for the gym, cycling or jogging an your active lifestyle.
0,nice sounding spaekers good bass quality, only issue is the lack of various mounting holes
0,I always find that a comparison makes for the best understanding of a product. I have had the pleasure of using both the Panasonic RP-DH1250-S Technics Pro DJ Headphones, the product on this page, and the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Panasonic-RP-DJ1205-S-Technics-Pro-DJ-Headphone/dp/B00A17IAQ8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Panasonic RP-DJ1205-S Technics Pro DJ Headphone</a>, a slightly less expensive model. While they are both great headphones, there are some fairly substantial differences.		I will start with the DH1250 model, the more expensive of the two models:		The DH1250 comes with two removable, and interchangeable, cords. One is specifically designed for iPhones and iPods, with the familiar volume adjustment built into the cord. The other is a professional grade coiled DJ cord. Both cords have gold-plated L-type male plugs to the sound source, and gold plated straight male plugs to the headphones. The iPhone cord, obviously, does not have a 1/4 inch adapter; the DJ cord does. This adapter screws solidly into place to ensure a good connection, which is great. The plug intended to be attached to the headphone end of the cord also locks into place with a simple, but secure, counter-pressure slot and twist system.		The construction of the DH1250 is solid, sturdy, fluid, and functional. While it takes a moment to get the hang of the orientation, the earpieces easily swivel to fit the head perfectly, fold for storage, or adjust between stereo and one ear monitoring. I have to say, however, that the design for one ear monitoring is novel but uncomfortable; unless one is only momentarily holding one of the reversed earpieces away from their head. In other words, it would not be comfortable to utilize one ear monitoring for any prolonged period of time with this design, which might actually be quite suitable for some DJs.		The DH1250 are over-ear monitors. That is, they are designed to be positioned around the circumference of one's ears, as opposed to on top of or in the ears. I have a big head, with very small ears, so bleed out was a little bit of an issue for me; but I can see how this would not be an issue for most others. Bleed in, however, was not an issue at all. I asked my wife to try to talk to me while I was listening to some music at a reasonable volume. She was literally screaming before I could hear her even slightly.		The headphones fold conveniently into the diameter of a CD. When placed inside the included carrying case, the headphones occupy about as much space as a typical small bag of flour.		On to the DJ1205 model, the less expensive of the two models:		The DJ1205 has a fixed, professional grade coiled DJ cord. Although the product description on the page states that they are "L-type", the male 1/8 inch plug and 1/4 inch adapter are straight. Depending on where your headphones need to be plugged in, this may or may not be an issue. If anything, you may just get a little more stress on your cord at the connector, which, admittedly, can cause issues over time. The plug itself, and the1/4 inch adapter are flawless. I really appreciate that the adapter actually screws on to ensure a tight fit. Poorly designed adapters often create a bad connection and are easily the most common weakest link among an even otherwise decent set of cans.		The material used in the construction of the headphones feels a little less sturdy than I would have imagined, but I think this might be, in part, an effort to keep the overall weight down. Still, I would have liked the joint at which the ear pieces are adjusted for stereo and mono monitoring to have been a little more fluid, yet sturdy. I have a feeling, if these are actually going to be utilized for DJing that this joint on either side will be the first thing to go. Nonetheless, the joint itself is essential in making these cans perfect for switching between stereo and one ear monitoring. Not only does it permit the earpiece to be moved in front of or behind the ear, but the ear piece can be locked in place at any point along its path.		The earpiece is designed to sit on top of the ear as opposed to fitting over or around the ear. As opposed to some cheaper on-ear cans that I have tried in the past, there is almost no bleed with these. I am currently part of a four person podcast, in which we utilize four condenser mics in a 10x10 studio, so bleed, particularly out, is a big deal. It is not an issue with these headphones. I have also found that the on ear design of these headphones allows me to focus the sound output a little more specifically.		The headphones fold conveniently into the diameter of a CD. When placed inside the included carrying case, the headphones occupy about as much space as a typical small bag of flour.		Comparison:		I did not mention anything of the sound quality of the two different models previously because I am not really able to discern any real difference. This might only be due to the fact that the sonic quality of both models is beyond excellent. I mean it when I say that these headphones both produce the most crisp and vivid sound that I have experienced out of headphones ever! That being said, I do slight prefer the sound of the on-ear DJ1205, simply because I can position the output directly over my freakishly tiny ears. Otherwise, both models are out of this world in the sound department.		I like the interchangeable cords of the DH1250. This would usually be a detractor for me, as I am always concerned about the weakest link that is usually anything detachable. On the cords of the DH1250, all connections are as tight as one could hope for. It is just nice not to have to utilize the bulkier DJ cord for casual home and office listening, or listening on the go. I do also prefer the right-angle male plugs of the DH1250 over the straight plugs of the DJ1205. I have had too many issues with the cord separating from the plug in the past because of stress on a straight plug to feel perfectly comfortable with anything other than a right angle plug.		When I was a kid, I DJed a little. I lived with one ear on and one ear off. If I were back there today, I would have preferred the design of the DJ1205. The jointed and lockable, multi-position earpiece of the DJ1205 is much more conducive to prolonged one ear monitoring that the more bulky and reversible DH1250.		As for overall construction and apparent durability, I have to give it to the more expensive DH1250. While they are still primarily plastic, it feels like the type of plastic utilized for commercial endeavors. It is light, but sturdy. The cheaper DJ1205 feel a little less sturdy, but are also a little more compact and comparatively light.		In a perfect world, I would choose to combine the best qualities of each model. In this world, I would choose the more expensive DH1250 model for what most people use headphones for; casually listening to music at home and/or on their phone. I would choose the cheaper DJ1205 model for professional applications like studio recording or DJing.		In either case you can't go wrong. These are both great headphones!
0,Great ribbon cable for Arduino setups.		I am using the female-female connections and they fit great on the terminals.		Tear off what you need and keep the wire mess to a minimum.
0,Very well made connections.
0,I purchased this for use with a 1080p projector and audio-video receiver.  For the price, it's a good value.  The fabric wrap is somewhat nostalgic to me of the cord wrap used in America more than 70 years ago.  I purchased this partly due to the fact that in Hawaii, non-moving plastic tends to get sticky, and the fabric covering should help with that.  The cable has been installed for nearly 7 months with no problems.  With HDMI, the cable either works or it doesn't.  This one does, and therefore, the image and sound quality is excellent.
0,Great. Will order more later.
0,Absolutely amazing!  I would give it 6 stars.  I've been using this for 6 weeks and totally love it. I had used another brand on and off for several years with VGA ports and not as much functionality.  Over half of all my computers are now HDMI, including all of my Raspberry Pi's and didn't want to downgrade video connections to vga.  So I researched a lot of kvm switches and I am glad I bought this one.  I have the 4 port KVM+audio+USB model attached to two towers (1 Win10 & 1 Ubuntu), a laptop (Ubuntu) and a R.Pi (various OS's)  and can switch the monitor, Logitech wireless keyboard and mouse, and speaker system between all of them by holding one of the four buttons for 2 seconds.  I can switch only the sound by two short presses and only the monitor by 1 short press, etc.  What's more, my Logitech USB camera also switches when plugged in to the shared USB port in front or back.  I can even plug a USB hub to mount multiple USB drives or devices that I can access from all of the computers.  Note: when converting VGA to HDMI, be sure to get the device that converts in the direction you want. This is really useful for my voluntary work configuring several types of computers. I am moving off Windows 10 to Ubuntu 16.04 with all open source software. I am designing a solar powered computer learning lab for less than $5000 loaded with terabytes of educational material and digital books for off-grid African schools.  I bought this switch on Amazon Smiles, benefiting our small non-profit, Able & Willing International Education Foundation, inc., and with no connection to IOGEAR.  This report is totally independent and I rarely write reviews.  If you want more info on the computer lab, check our fall 2016 newsletter on website for AbleAndWilling.org.
0,My touch pad on my laptop was giving out, so I got this mouse because we had a logitech wireless mouse for our desktop. I couldn't be happier with the mouse. I like the USB compartment in the mouse for when I travel. Even though it doesn't stick out much, I'm more comfortable having it stowed in the mouse itself.
0,Love It!!!!
0,This is a great messenger bag for my 13" MacBook Pro. It has plenty of pockets for accessories, iPads, phones, notebooks, etc., but is still slim enough and not bulky at all. The bag seems very well made. Why only 4 stars? It is a bit tall for my liking.
0,Works. :-)
0,Fantastic skins.  Very cool patterns and easy to apply.  As expected, a bit of trim to fit is required, but nothing too complicated.
0,I'm managing three of the Synology diskstations, one for my personal stuff, one at the office, and another at home which provides an off site backup of the office diskstation.
0,Stop debating whether you should make your own cable and just buy this one. For several days, I contemplated making my own cable since I already own the RJ11 crimping tool. After I priced all of the materials such as pins, sheathing and fuse, I decided to go with this pre-made cord instead. In the end, Im glad I didn't go DIY because the cord would not have turned out as nice as the MirrorTap MTX brand. Even the shrink wrap used in this cable is high quality and remains flexible. Having multiple pins to choose from is also a huge help. The last thing you want to do is get half way into the job with your headliner console torn apart only to discover that you don't have the correct pins. If you go the route of using an automotive splice, which I also debated, theres no going back to OEM condition. Looking back, my only regret is that I wasted too much time researching the alternatives to this cable. And now, Im wasting even more time writing a review... but hopefully it helps others who are making a similar decision.
0,It's good.
0,very long and works like a charm  using right now for my internet to type this review and i haven't  had no problems with it  and beware this thing is freaking long so if you think you need a 200 ft cable make sure you have at least a 3 story house like i do because you will have a lot of left over to cord when you plug it into your box even i got alot left over its because my room is next door to my basement i have my internet box all the way upstairs so this was long enough to reach there and then some  if you get this make sure you got cable clips to mount the leftover or dangling wires
0,I have two extra batteries and two of these chargers. I keep one in the den and the other in the bedroom so I always have a 'hot spare' battery on hand. My phone has the extended battery so it does not fit the cradle but I just lay it on the dresser and all is good.
0,i am using these on a Yaesu VX5 and it works correctly.  The holder keeps the radio snugly in place and completely charges it.
0,Solid board. Took some tweaking, but well worth the purchase. Works great with my 4770k
0,Great quality, works well
0,Perfect for my laptop, which does not have a dedicated Ethernet port. . .
0,This is the only cord that has held up and charged as intended. Great product.
0,This the best point and shoot I have ever owned.  Great shots, ease of use and it has a GPS built on board.  What ore could you ask for in a small camera!!!!
0,This is a very good router. I have had my Old linksys router for years and was time to upgrade to faster N router. Easy setup.
0,Logitech not only makes great speakers but they make great mice!	Though it costs more than their competitors, but You Get What You Pay For!	I bought a ten buck mouse and it just didn't scroll or move smoothly!	This mouse kicks cat's butt!	It's slides and scrolls real SMOOTHLY,	what I need for large spreadsheets in a tiny monitor that requires FINE motor control!	(I know I should get a larger monitor but as of February they've gone up in price, gotta wait till Black Friday)
0,Excellent features. I have tested, reconditioned, and recharged NiMH and lithium batteries with this charger. It works great.
0,I use this drive as my boot drive now and couldn't be happier. My computer boots up in seconds. Plenty of room for windows and your favorite games. I have read that you can change the hard drive in the upcoming PS4...
0,Not a lot to say. It is a well made cable, and the ends seem nice and secure. Would purchase another, if/when needed.
0,Exactly what I needed!
0,Excellent for the price. It's quality made. The ability to remove the TV from the bracket is great for when we tow our travel trailer.
0,I've had stronger antennas, but this one takes up much less space and it's nice that the cable is so flexible. It means we can tuck it away in a less visible place while still getting a decent lock on the signal.
0,What can I say it works so far! And I live the twist to lock the micro usb end. Though it slow when your putting in movies or shows I highly recommend it.
0,Just received it, perfect size for what I ordered. I guess for the price it's great, it's just a tiny bit thinner then what I thought it'd be. I think I would buy again, I will update after I've used it a while and see how it holds up.
0,My previous earphone is UE Super.fi 5 pro with Comply bud.		Pro	Good sound quality. IMHO the sound quality is comparable to fi 5 pro. The bass is a bit better.	Better comfort than fi 5 pro with Comply. (I use middle size silicone tips.)		Con	Cable quality is very very bad for 2 reasons,		1. Cable is NOT replaceable.	I used to live in hot tropical country (i.e. Thailand), and sweat is a real enemy to the cable like this.	At that time I used Shure SE210, and the cable is not replaceable and it broke every a couple months.	Two places that it used to break, connector between earphone and cable and the cable itself.	I am worry that this might happen to this earphone, too.		2. Cable is too thin.	This cause cable noise/microphonic which is very annoying. I usually wear this earphone while I walk around.	It's real annoying. But there is a workaround, you can wrap cable "over-the-ear".		In short, this is very good earphone for the price of $89.99.
0,worked great
0,Very good product for the price
0,very good color
0,It works just like it needs to. Why do you have to pay more for the same technology offered for cheap??
0,The Polk 505 has a tight, clean bass presence that adds richness to soundtracks and movies.	As long as you don't push it too hard.	So if you want to add rich bass and LFE for viewing pleasure, this is the best $189 you will ever spend.		But if you are looking to shake the house with intense infrasound every time something explodes on the screen, you will be disappointed. This is an adult subwoofer.		Unlike many low-price powered subs, the 505 amp is well shielded and immune to radio frequency interference from amateur radio transmitters.
0,Worked ok for a year.  Didn't try recharging regular batteries just NiMH batteries and It worked fine.  Failed today just after the one year warranty expired, with charge status just showing all bars and OK for completely discharged batteries.  UPDATE - warranty was honored and unit replaced. Great customer service
0,Works for general use. May not be sufficient enough for sound-philes or serious gamers but is good for me to play Pandora through my old desktop.
0,Great product. You have to get one of these. It is 5 products in once and it works so well and folds away easily.
0,I was nervous about the price. Still hanging on strong.
0,This is sturdy enough for my Insignia 32" 32L120A13. My opinion it would be okay for a 42".		Most hardware is included. Nails were sufficient for the stud, but no heavy duty motley bolts for the sheetrock. Two different spacers are included to attach the mounting brackets to the TV. No screws are included for the larger size spacer. The smaller spacers worked fine for me. Spacers might be optional for your use. The built-in lever is nice, but my 24" leveler indicated the built-in one was slightly off. So, I used the 24" measurement. After hanging the TV it was about 1/4" lower on the left, which was adjusted by placing a spacer under the bracket hanger that "hooks" onto the TV. Maybe I should have trusted the built-in leveler?		Wholeheartedly recommend this brackett especially when considering the cost. There is no need to pay additionally for this type of wall bracket.
0,It appears to be a nice add and a quality piece for the money but at this time I have yet to really use it.
0,works great
0,Simple the best Lightning cables I have owned and I have had far too many. Good design, tough plugs, nice braiding, stylish looks. After trying one, I gave away all my existing cables and replaced them with 1 foot/3 foot/6foot Anker in Red. Now finding Lightning cables in my bag. case, cable heap is easy (-: At the same time I bought the Xtreme Mac reversible Micro-USB cables in Blue. Kaching!
0,Excellent camera. Great resolution and wide angle! Perfect to cover my front porch, driveway and part of the yard! Recommend for anyone looking for outdoor security camera. Easy install quality build.
0,I love this!!! Its a great price, comes with everything you need but you may want to upgrade your amp later down the line though to get the most out of your subs.
0,This is an excellent deal. I use this tape for everything from cable and wire fastening, holding power cords to vacuums, keeping extension cords bound, to holding up Christmas lights on our deck.
0,I bought the T2i for my wife. This is the eighth EOS camera we've bought; the first two were film SLR, the T2i is the sixth DSLR. We've bought the battery grips for all eight when we bought each camera. They double the number of shots as well as make vertical shooting much easier. Unless one is put off by the extra weight, our opinion is the battery grips are must-have accessories. Example: May of this year she shot over 800 photos in one day (and I shot over 1100 with my 7D) yet all batteries showed over 1/2 charge remaining. We were shooting birds from blinds (with gimbals on tripods) and the zoom-lens collars allowed rotating to either vertical or horizontal and the shutter releases on the battery grips allowed vertical shooting without having to twist our hands to reach the shutter releases on the camera bodies.
0,Excellent Lens. Very sharp. Fits perfectly to the camera.
0,I really can't say a lot about this amp.  I purchased it solely for the headphone jack in order to connect to my flatscreen and be able to listen at whatever volume I desire without disturbing others.  What can I say....it does what I want it to do and takes up very little space.
0,works great, tried to use it in Europe, figure it is rated for high voltage spike, but 220 V this unit blew up, smoked.  So afraid to use it at home, because if lighting hits and it blows up at 220V, I think lighting is more than 220V
0,This is a good looking camera case, small enough to handle, well made and has plenty of room for camera and accessaries. Well priced
0,still using them today
0,Easy to use and puts out 16.4 watts to a 50 ohm dummy load, meter is a Bird 43. after running the transmitter for one hour the unit showed no heat at all. I then changed the resistors around to give me a 1.5:1 SWR. after another hour, still no heat at all. I then sent some tunes from a CD player into a EQ then to the transmitter. I could get the sound to match any radio station's quality. The only con is the fan makes some noise as it moves air through the vent and against the heat sink. The noise is not bad and easy to get around. The unit has a vent in the bottom, make sure not to block this in any way. The power supply is junk and will likely add a hum to the signal. I had no plans on using it so it never made it out of the factory box. I use a high end power supply running 12.70VDC into a 10ahr battery and then to the xmitter. The dead carrier is 100% clean. I would of been happy with saving a little money and not having the antenna and power supply in the box. If you are series about the quality of your signal, get a good power supply. If your series about the range of your signal and the health of your transmitter, buy or make a good antenna and make sure your SWR are 1.5;1 or better. I gave this unit 5 stars because the transmitter works perfect.
0,works great, I use this in conjunction with my Motoactv while biking...if you are into tracking your route, tracking your speed, or just listenig to your mp3s while out and about, this is it for you, it even does things like show me a graph of what songs I peddle faster to and get the best mileage with
0,I ordered one of the Power Strip Tower JACKYLED Surge Protector Electric Charging Station 3000W 13A 16AWG 10 Outlet Plugs as it looked like it would meet my needs for organizing my cables so it didn't appear to be a string of spaghetti all over the floor. Got to thinking I really needed two so I quickly ordered another. Received the 1st one and it was exactly what I needed, except one tier of it didn't work with the 3 prong plugins at all. Then the second one arrived the next day and it worked perfect, so rather than just returning them, I wrote an email to the seller. Received a quick reply offering to replace the Surge Protector with their sincere apologies for the inconvenience.  I received the replacement today and tested each plugin and they worked without a hitch. I gave this seller 5 stars for their prompt customer service and sincerity. The power strips have made a positive difference with the mass of cables I use. I must add that I was hesitant at first also because it was difficult to plug a power cord into them. I found that if I slightly tilted the plug in cable upward and then went in they worked just fine, therefore it was not the problem I thought it would be. At this time they are serving me to my satisfaction and I'm now more organized.
0,Bought this for my Daughter and she loves it......
0,The BG-E2N is a perfect complement to a good camera. I purchased it for my EOS40D. Even for landscape oriented shots, I have more camera to hold on to and that means a steadier shot and more comfort. In vertical shots, I can't imagine going back. The controls are perfectly placed and it makes shooting just that much more fun. Adding the BG-E2N allows the installation of 1 or 2 of the BP511A batteries. The extended battery life is a must on long shoots. Can't go wrong!
0,it meets the requirement I have. I did have a little problem formating it, but that was windows problem not the card. I had to download a format program to format it because window explorer does not recognize a 65gb sd card. Also on older machines I had to put it in a usb reader to be able to read it. again not the cards fault but windows.
0,I use these in my miners and will continue to keep purchasing them. They hold up well to 24/7 use on Windows 10- no heat problems.
0,I bought these for my mom, just so she could have something that she could use in more ways than she does with her headphones/mic that she uses on the computer. She said they were tinny sounding, and that the pitch was like listening to chipmunks.  As I can't really verify it myself, I am leaving a neutral review.		edit August 20: I found out she had tried another pair of speakers with the same result. Her regular headset was working fine because it was USB. I was able to walk her through some audio settings over skype, and after adjusting some pitch settings, these headphones sound fine. I will raise the review to 4 stars because they do what they should.
0,Great , ordered 1 , then ordered another
0,Nicely made. Fits both the keyboard and trackpad very snug. Love it.
0,This card works great and it is actually pretty fast. I usually get write speeds of about 5~6 Megs per second. Fast shipping and have no issues. Would recommend to a friend.
0,This product is good to keep for the safety of your hard drives.
0,Great for use while biking, it was a little tough to run with them though. The weighted control tends to cause the cord to drift while in motion, making  a need for constant adjustment. (Again, while running) Perfect for walking, and mild sport activity.
0,I bought this for my wife and she has fallen in love with it and uses it everyday to protect her iPad. The product was easy to install and has an elastic band to keep it closed when in transit. It will also allow her to prop up her iPad while watching her favorite You Tube stream of live safair from Africa.
0,Case looks and works fine. Pen is handy
0,My friend gave my 9 year old daughter an All Mall table for her birthday. She loves it but it's obviously not made to last. The first time she dropped it the back cover popped off, the power button went flying another direction and all the hardware was exposed. I knew she'd need a cover but didn't realize it'd be that desperate of a situation.		It's pink, it matches her tablet, all the buttons and cut outs fit perfectly, and it clearly works for protection. She's dropped it a couple times since putting it over a month ago and the tablet is in top-notch condition. I was a little wary that it was only silicone and we'd have to upgrade to a sturdy case, but that's not necessary thankfully.  I'm so glad I don't have to worry about putting it back together again.		She also says it helps her hold on to it and drop it less. That's definitely true given she dropped it several times over the first week of ownership and only twice in a month since using this case.		If you have a tablet that fits it, I'd definitely recommend it
0,Can't go wrong with Amazon basics.
0,Perfect. many thanks
0,It works fine. I reallized that i would prefer a closed one, so my HDD doesn't get dirty with dust.
0,Arrived on time, as advertised.
0,I purchased a 4TB HGST drive for backups (0S03359). The assembly was very quick and straightforward, and the fan is nearly silent in a very quiet room. I've tried this enclosure with multiple USB 3.0 PCs, and it works great. The 4TB drive is running at 30C after a couple of hours into the backup. Very nice solidly designed product. Highly recommended.
0,Works great good price
0,Scoring it based on the price.  For the cost it was good value.  In fact we bought two of them.  Handy to have around the house and for camping.
0,As advertised. Good cover for the I Pad.
0,Our church was looking to upgrade our entire video system including going to full 1080 HD.  We needed a new projector for the sanctuary which holds around 850 people all on one level.  The search was on for a brighter projector capable of giving us full HD capabilities as well as being able to bring in standard def video as well from a computer that is used from time to time.  This had all the features we were wanting and a 3-year warranty that was one of the better coverages out there.  We also purchased a new HD screen (16' x 9') to replace the current screen we had which was for standard def.  We swapped out the old one for the Optoma and nothing but great results!  The video signal comes from a Tricaster 850 on 4.5 GHz cable and then we used an SDI to HDMI powered converter at the unit and have a 3' HDMI cable from the converter into the Optoma.  The unit hangs from our ceiling about 32' from the screen.  Adjusting the image to the screen was very easy and we have nothing but compliments from everyone.
0,This product is solid and reliable.  I have it connected from my TV to an amplifier that drives earplugs.  It runs under a carpet that gets stepped on regularly.  The connections are firm and secure.  This is a high quality cable in a low cost package.  It could be repackaged and sold for $25 and some "enthusiasts" would be happy to pay the price.  For $3.50 including shipping how could it be better.  This quality at this price I would give it 10 stars if I could.  How can they do that?  Oh yes, the delivery was super fast!
0,I've been using these for a few years now, just now getting around to reviewing them. If you're an audiophile, your milage may very, but for the price (note) the sound quality has been better than expected, and the noise cancelling works as intended.  I'm a student, and they've taken some abuse for 2.5 years now... in and out of my back pack, tossed in with heavy books and my laptop....  still work great. I do still use the bag to keep them in, so they don't catch or snag on anything.... but still. I'd buy them again if I needed new head phones. The inline mic still works too.
0,The sound quality is obviously not comparable to beats or bose, but I am beyond thrilled with the quality of sound that these little speakers pack. I am generally one to be a little picky about my sound quality, but these still meet my quota and then some. They are really worth the money!
0,I was skeptical at first based on my experience with other like-items, but this one really does what it says.  Once I figured out the first setup, it works perfectly every time now.  I use it for connection to my blu-tooth headphones and an external speaker.  Works great.  If I take the devices out of range, it will disconnect, but when I walk back into range, it automatically reconnects.  How good is that?  Give it a shot.
0,I previously had the Klipsch Promedia 2.1 set up, and before that I had the promedia 5.1 edition which is no longer in production. The 2.1's were a huge step down from the 5.1, but not just in the obvious loss of wattage, the quality was degraded as well.		I missed great sounding music so I ventured into the headphone market, and found a pair of audio technica's that didn't break the bank. However it left me totally dissatisfied with my klipsch speakers. I toyed around with getting some expensive computer speakers like Bowers and Wilkins, but then I read about studio monitors. First I saw the M audio av 40's and all the great reviews they got. However there were enough negative reviews of the av 40's which led me to believe I wouldn't be satisfied with those either. Then I saw the BX5 D2's on amazon for less than $200. Done.		I have these hooked up to an Asus xonar essence STX, via a dual 1/4 Inch TS To RCA Cable (RCA end is hooked to the sound card). I add this because I wasn't sure the best way to hook these up. Since I'm not using a sub (trust me for an apartment you DON'T need a sub) the RCA -> speakers directly, works great. I haven't tested to see if another option would be better (i.e. hook to the 1/4 headphone jack of the essence STX, use a 1/4 splitter to 2x female TRS, then connect a TRS - XLR to each speaker).		How are they?		These destroy the Klipsch Promedia's! One should not even compare them because they are in separate leagues. I think these speakers sound as good, if not better then the Audio Techica AD900X, and that's saying a lot! Keep in mind all my music is lossless, legit rips of albums. It makes a difference, so if you get these speakers, or high end headphones for that matter, make sure to focus on building a collection of high quality digital music.
0,I wear this down towards my elbow mostly so it doesn't cut off the blood flow. it's not that it's too tight but the zune does weigh a little bit more than an ipod. But for the price, you really can't go wrong
0,This works perfectly! Thought I couldn't use my old XBOX because HDMI didn't exist then. So I just hooked it up to this device and plugged in the USB and it works perfectly video sound is amazing. Really Happy!
0,I am always forgetting things, more memory is what I needed. I am better now, and the doc says I can stop taking my meds. But he dosen't know I stopped taking them 2 years ago because I make good side cash selling my meds to the guy around the way. I forgot where I was going with this... Oh yeah, memory! It's good stuff.
0,Great quality charger.
0,great price for the case and fits my new ipod
0,This is a terrific, compact camera case that is perfect for my hybrid Nikon CoolPix B500. The camera & strap fit easily in the main compartment, and the exterior pockets, while tiny, will be great for extra batteries/memory cards, etc. I like the molded rubber base, too. Great, affordable purchase.
0,Works very well. It's so quiet I can't hear it and it's moving water through a 420 rad, a 360 rad, the cpu, the gpu, in 1/2" tubing. It came with a collar, 0-ring, and the pump.
0,Amazing
0,Necessary for cloning optical drive to SSD before installing the SSD into my MacBook. For MacBook you will have to pull a cloning software off the internet. I used Carbon Copy Cloner which is free and works fine.
0,I bought this sub to replace another brand that failed way too early in its life. Found out with a little searching that the failed sub had a propensity for dying just beyond the warranty period. Started a loud hum just out of the blue, when it wasn't being used. Only way to stop it was unplug it.	Why do I mention this?	The BIC F-12 has a five year warranty, including the amplifier section. If you check other brands, including those costing hundreds of dollars more, you will be hard pressed to find an amplifier warranty as good as the F-12's. Of course, it's only as good as their customer service, but I hear that's pretty good, too. I REALLY didn't like throwing a subwoofer that looked brand new in the trash, particularly since it cost more than what I just paid for the F-12 and only had an 8" driver.	As far as performance, I am not an audiophile, and I believe that there are very good home theater components available that will satisfy the vast majority of users that just want excellent reliability, performance and a decent degree of customization. This sub should fit that description easily. The user manual is very good, with an excellent set of instructions for setup. Pay particular attention to the Line-In or LFE connection, if you use it. Be sure and set the switch below it to the correct setting for your receiver/amplifier. If you set it to Dolby Digital 5.1/7.1, the low-pass filter on the sub itself will be by-passed in favor of the settings on your receiver, which you will have to set and verify. If you have an Audyssey capable receiver, it should recognize the sub easily, at least mine did.	I've only had the sub a few days, but I have played various types of music and watched one Blue-ray disc (Fast and Furious 6), and I can tell you that unless you have a very large home theater area, this sub will provide all the energy you need. My seating area is around 20'x18' and I've only got the volume up about a third. I like the low frequencies/bass to enhance the scene, not overpower it. This sub has the capability to do both.	Saw some reviews that mentioned a smell. When I initially removed the plastic wrapper, I could smell an odor, but it went away quickly.	I must also give kudos to Amazon and UPS. I paid for standard shipping, even though it was eligible for free shipping, and UPS rang the doorbell two days later. Box was in great shape.	I highly recommend this sub woofer.
0,gift
0,Excellent product, working very well !
0,Works good and cleans up the head optics without any damage that I've noted. I live in a dusty acreage and you have to use these items regularly.
0,Great item, fast shipping, great transaction. Thanks
0,Love the radio so much that I bought this as a replacement for a previous radio, which stopped outputting (speaker and jack) after 1.5 years.  I hope that this one lasts longer.
0,This case is adorable. Not only is it protective , but it also is great quality. It does have a silicon backing so if you don't like that material, this isn't for you. Anyway, i LOVE IT. just wish it had a plastic film built in to protect the screen. it's also really thin!
0,Very nice quality and fit. Highly recommended.
0,Works fine!
0,Great buy
0,They fit my Samsung Galaxy Tablet 2 good. I did have a little problem putting this screen protector on my tablet.
0,Worked great!
0,Use this every shower and I can't remember the last time I charged it. Granted my showers are not long, but i'm still impressed. Sound is quality as well. For the price, you cannot be disappointed.
0,I bought a like new used one for about $190
0,I bought this because CF cards are so darned expensive compared to SD! Its a little slower than CF on storage, but not terribly so. The tradeoff is well worth it - I went from a 512mb CF card to a 2GB SD in seconds without needing to spend a ton of money.
0,Great idea.
0,This made my HD Antenna work so much better.  My cables have some distance to travel before getting to the TVs. This is the solution to boost the signal. Quality product!!!
0,Great protective case for my 9 year old sons fire.
0,Sturdy enough that it's held up to the abuse of 12yo boy.
0,works great with my 2014 macbook air 13 inch
0,June 1, 2015, I've only had it for a few days but so far I like it.  It took a while to figure out how to take 4k video, my fault not the camera.  The only minor flaw I've found is that the battery can't be charged in camera, beyond that it seems near perfect for my needs.		I'll add to this review as I learn more about the camera.
0,Perfect to replace CPU cooler.  Works well an quiet.
0,Amazing SBC for the price! Home built Kali distro running great. Recommend 16GB SD or bigger to purchase along with this.
0,works great after several months
0,I have been using these cords to charge our phones since May. They have held up really well. One of them has worn a little but still works.
0,Instructions are worthless. The plastic chains are really hard to snap together and feels like they will snap in half. It's great for the price though so I'm happy with it
0,High quality product. Prompt Shipping. I've been using the product for 4 months and no problems.
0,I purchased one of these for use with my Canon 5D Mark III -- in conjunction with 'RAW' MLV Magic Lantern recording...without having to swap cards often.	I admit that I was a bit nervous, having read the mixed results some users have...	...but upon receiving it, I immediately recorded the entire-capacity to see if it would drop frames -- and it worked marvelously the entire way through.		For me, this item saved me a huge amount of money -- and I will definitely purchase another one in the future if I find I need more capacity. :)
0,As advertised.
0,Love my new bag easy to organize my lenses, easy access and there's no need to zipper the bag close when you just just the two heavy duty buckles to secure the lid of the bag
0,This little speaker was easy to charge. I didn't keep track of how long it took to charge or how long the charge lasted, but it is an easy micro-USB plug. It connected easily to my phone and the music had good quality. All phone noises came through on the speaker, which I guess is what I would expect but my keystrokes were much louder than the music. I didn't not test how long the battery lasted, but it was more than my players length. The light on the top easily indicated when it was connected by blinking blue and playing -solid blue - and not - red. Like all EC technology products, they limit the amount of buttons by making them do multiple things. If you hold down the respective skip buttons, the volume can be adjusted. This is difficult for small changes, but not a game changer. It's kind of nice being able to make these adjustments on the unit and not rely on the phone/playing device.  Overall, it is a nice unit. I would prefer one waterproof for my uses, but it's great for travel or around the house.
0,you have to have a spare cover when you are working with an expensive camera. Very good buy, protects your investment
0,I've bought a second one of these now - these are very nice. I highly recommend purchasing them if you want to be able to plug a USB cord directly into the wall. I love them!
0,So Far flawless and works well. I replaced the SSD that went bad in my MacBook Pro with this and it functions well. It was a replacement for a friend so I didn't want to overly spend a ton of money. But I haven't had an issue with it yet.
0,Just as described!
0,This thing is working great so far. I hooked it up to a monitor I had in storage and bought a wireless keyboard with mouse pad. It's a great setup. Looks just like a Chromebook, but on a monitor.
0,This USB Extension Cable is a high quality cable. Much better quality made than I expected. Both connections are also made well. I have a rather larger computer desk and this 6ft cable enables me to use my USB Hub to connect my devices from anywhere on my desk. I highly recommend this item if you are looking for more reach to connect your devices.
0,Worked right out of box.  No programming necessary.
0,This eyecup is 100% identical to the original one. I agree that $6 ($3 + shipment) is too much for a peace of rubbed plastic, but this is the lowest price one can find.
0,Love this fan, does its job perfectly. It is a little loud, but if I have any amount of sound I am unable to hear it. Not a huge deal because I usually do have headphones on. But when I do occasionally leave my PC on while I'm laying in bed, the fan can get a little annoying (But, I am very picky about that kind of stuff.)
0,The case is great with my note 10.1, looks great, and allows access to all ports and controls, with multiple positions for the screen. The case is great, however the case is showing wear, particularly where it rubs against the tablet. This worries me, as in every other way the case is quite excellent. if this case for to wear out I would buy another.
0,nice
0,I had this drive for 2 years and is a bit loud grinding noise when writing or booting up. Primarily got it for function and disregarded the coffee pot loudness. This is way way more reliable than probably any Mybook green drive that has bad sectors and warning on hdd checkers even when it is not a boot drive. Get this for function: very fast for its kind and reliable. Wish there is a recall for Mybooks.
0,I need another channel for my wireless security system, and because I've used up all the lower channels (i.e. 900 Mhz and 2.4 Ghz bands) I went looking at the 5.8 Ghz band. I found this system at a reasonable price and I liked that they had adjustable/directional antennas, so I went for them. I hooked up a camera to the x-mitter and hooked the receiver to one channel on my DVR and it's worked good and I'm happy. I'm also happy to know that I now have 7 more channels that I can use in the future if I need them!
0,Works as expected!  I get about 1/3 the download speed of my main router, but it is pretty stable so far and I do not regret this purchase.
0,Improved reception but the quality of reception and the stations received are also dependent one's location and where the antenna is positioned.
0,Fixed the problem of the graphics card not allowing the sound output to work.
0,I absolutely love my case, it's soft yet durable! Thank you
0,Have ancient tv..had no outlet for dvd player. This solved problem and was easy to install.  Great value!
0,just plug in and use. i did reformat it to mac filing system because after i fist copied some things to it, it showed they weren't there. they came back but Mac's system always works better on a mac. after that 2 minuets of work it worked perfect. its quiet and stylish on a desk. WD is always great because its reliable, and you know it will last. it's worth getting this one over other brands. it's probably the best looking of an external hard drive and it is a quality piece of hardware.
0,I purchased to use on my Apple TV. It works very well and easy to setup. Feel like it was made out of quality material. Great price too.
0,Hunters love these
0,Gives great flexibility when wanting to deploy a monitor or projector. Allows greater distance between laptop and display device.	Worth the price.
0,Fits perfectly.  Wanted a backup frame.
0,My computer is a Toshiba Satellite L355-S7835 running Windows 7 & Linux Mint 16		This WiFi card is fast.. very fast. I haven't been able to test it on an actual AC network but it's much faster on N network than my old N card was. it also is far more sensitive (as in it picks up my WiFi network a lot further than my old one) and seems all around a good card... most of the time.		sometimes for whatever reason the card just kinda stops working, i have the same problem in both windows and Linux and the same solution, turn WiFi off and back on. the network doesn't matter ether it just happens. that being said it's not a problem that happens a lot, maybe 2-3 times a month.		Now for the Bluetooth segment... i can't help you. it seems sometimes the computer manufacturers set the mini-PCIe slots to only work with WiFi cards and that seems to be my case. the drivers are installed and they can kinda "see" the Bluetooth component but cannot seem to make it work. the same in Linux, the system doesn't see the Bluetooth even though the WiFi works fine.
0,I tried hacking an input with this, but it did not work.  I am sure I will find a use eventually for this so I did not return it.
0,#1 it works great for CCTV CAMERAS
0,good find
0,I use this in my bedroom as an alarm clock & for music; the sound is exceptional.
0,Sansa 'ya eldiven gibi oturdu. Gorunumunu degistirdi diyebilirim. Birde bu urunle birlikte ekrani cizilmeye karsi kotuyan jelatinde verselermis tam olacakmis.
0,easy install, worked great
0,very good
0,Fantastic router.  It took care of the network congestion I had around the house.
0,Good
0,Works fine.  Good price.
0,Excellent product.  Cables are lightweight and include Velcro straps.  Quality of transmission normal with no image issues.
0,gift
0,Have Creative over the head headphones. And the covers have kind of worn out.	Loving my headphones so tried to find replacement covers. These ones fit perfectly.	So now have two spare ones.
0,Really good quality case. It looks like real old book. The real color is darker, but it looks just gorgeous. Like it a lot.
0,good stuff......needed it to bridge an amp and it did its job well
0,Perfect for my iPad, iPhone and iGlasses, oops... eyeglasses! These cloths work as advertised and I would buy them again without hestitation :)
0,This Drive houses 2 SSD EVO 500 GB Samsung, RAID 1, OS Drives. Great! That's the way, I like it!
0,Great super hd
0,I bought two white Kingston 8gb drives which I put in here. I carry them with my house keys I actually used one to install Ubuntu on it which I use to recover my netbook and the second one to save HTML files for a Web Designing Class I took.		I' m planning to take some Computer Science Classes in a couple of months and this will be useful then too.
0,Great filters..
0,As advertised
0,Super fast memory, practically rebuilt my desktop!! A+ on this item. I rate this as a great memory set and would buy in the future if needed.
0,After looking around at all the generic 7in tablet cases I decided on this great Fintie Navy 7in case. What is not to like, a snug fit. Velcro closure to insure the tablet stays inside. TWO magnets to keep the cover closed. Tight fit stiching and a rugged PU leather too boot. This case over others offers what one would need in a case too. The availability to stand up on the horizontal with the back lock kickstand is hands down the best design over some tri-fold case stands. While the tabet is just a little to lite at first to do this with a little patients and some hand molding its working great.		Also on a great kudos to anyone this Fintie case also fit my Dads new RCA 7in tablet I got him. The only thing is his has no rear camera, so theres an extra hole in the back big deal.		Over all this is right on par for a number of reasons listed. Most of all its a brand that does not go cheap and go home. This is the 7th Fintie case I have ordered. Two are over 4 years old and just starting to show signs of wear in some spots. But thats to be expected  in those spots where one moves and rubs each time.
0,Totally Amazing
0,I ordered this for my husband who has ALS and has trouble speaking.  It works great for him.  He can write on it and	immediately clear it and write something else.  The grandchildren like it too.
0,well what can I say It works , i got it fast , not much else really to say .
0,These are the best cards ever. My new source for memory cards. I have the 64gb and the 128gb, both work flawlessly.
0,Works great.  I've had no  problems charging any of my rechargeables.  Be sure to download the directions from the LaCrosse website to ensure you get the max flexibility charging different battery sizes and types.
0,Got this to protect the lens of my Olympus.  Have always trusted B+W lens filters to protect all my lenses.  Can't go wrong with B+W.
0,So far so good! We love samsung brand. It's easy to set up, logging onto your existing accounts to transfer your info into the new devise. It's set up like my phone and kind of like a kindle.  My son's old samsung ran out of memory so this is an upgrade. I purchased a large sd card for this. Hope it lasts.
0,Good price for batteries. Fit perfect and fast recharge.
0,Too bad Microsoft has abandoned the band.  This is one of the best all around trackers I have used and the HR monitor is surprisingly accurate when you are wearing it in the right way.  My only complaint is it's a little bulky and I cant wear it when I really need to get some typing done.  Other than that I use it daily when I am at the gym for weight training.  I have used it on hikes throughout WA and the GPS works great even in think forested trails.  I also use it to track my sleep which has helped me modify some of my habits to get better rest.  Again too bad MS scrapped it.  The iOS app could be better and 1 star off for syncing with my phone taking FOREVER.
0,I purchased this because I am a bike commuter who has sporadic web computing needs.  Because I carry all of my stuff in a pannier about 15 mile each way, along with a bunch of other stuff, a full laptop along with a power cord makes no sense.		The Asus 1000HE has been great.  Although the first 1000HE I received was DOA, Amazon's service worked perfectly.  I received a new one and returned the non-functioning one using Amazon's return label.  The replacement netbook has offered trouble-free computing for over a month.  Because compatibility is important in my work, I loaded 2003 Office onto the machine and it runs perfectly. My only complaint is the hesitant touchpad.  It is a bit slow, and while I love the dual-finger scrolling in theory, it sometimes misinterprets my dual-finger strokes for the zoom feature.		Everything else works without additional considerations required, and the keyboard works well with my average-for-a-six-footer hands.  The screen brightness is very good, and the battery is as-advertised-- I've gone to well over six hours with capacity to spare.  Recommended product.
0,I'm a music lover. I have some sort of stereo in every room of my house. Jazz to classic rock, vinyl to streaming, I love it all. In addition, I've purchased a half dozen Bluetooth speakers. In fact, I bought the first generation Jam Box the day it came out. I can comfortably say that the Beolit 15 is the best sounding Bluetooth speaker I've used.		// PROS		SOUND: Room-filling bass indoors that actually translates outdoors. It's quite rare that a bluetooth speaker can find any legs outside. The Beolit 15 maintains its richness regardless of location or placement. I'm actually astonished at how good this sounds when paired with an iPhone 6 plus streaming music from iTunes or Pandora.		VIBRATION: The engineers at Bang & Olufsen have hit a home run here. For the amount of bass the Beolit is able to produce, there is only a hint of vibration. Fantastic!		DESIGN: This product is gorgeous. I'm a professional designer and a minimalist. The Beolit 15 looks beautiful wherever I set it. In addition, I love the recessed top. I set my phone there and carry both around using the beautiful, leather strap. The lip ensures my phone won't slip off. I also love the cord storage compartment. It's easy to tuck away the included cord a nd a Lightning cable for my phone, should I want to use the Beolit's built-in usb charger. Nice!		USER INTERFACE: Simplicity rules with the Beolit 15. There are only four buttons on the machine: 1. Power 2. Bluetooth 3. Volume Up 4. Volume Down. It doesn't get any easier: My parents could use this.		PORTABILITY: The Beolit isn't likely something you're going to toss in a suitcase and take on an airplane. It's a heavy piece of kit. However, it is very portable and convenient, practically ready made for patios and picnics. I find myself carrying it around the house with me when I'm doing something that requires moving from room to room.		CONNECTIVITY: My iDevices easily connect to the Beolit. In fact, it's one of the easiest Bluetooth devices to connect to and it's incredibly simple for a new user: Just press the well-labeled Bluetooth button on the top of the machine, find it in your device choices, and you're in. There's also a mini jack if you prefer a direction connection.		// CONS		COST: Yes. This thing is pricey. If you're looking for something to listen to music in your home and you want to sacrifice portability for price, I'd recommend going with a Tivoli Model One. I have one in my bedroom and I love it. Heck, you can get the Tivoli Model Two with a separate Subwoofer (which I have and would also recommend) and you're still not at the cost of the Beolit 15. However, if you're squarely in Bang & Olufsen's intended market for a device of this type (e.g., discerning listener that craves portability and design and isn't concerned about cost), then this is a great way to go. Bear in mind that the Beolit will certainly be a target for thieves. Not necessarily the right option if you're planning to use it in places where it might grow legs and walk away.		// SUMMARY		I absolutely adore this machine and plan to recommend it to my friends. There are so many great use cases for it!
0,Excellent product
0,Pros:	A backup for a backup battery	Great construction	Really good power output	Allows up to four different devices simultaneously	portable	good for college students		Cons:	Would like to see the light external mounted and as little dots on the side not too bright either		Product Description:	iClever BoostCube is a great litte device that charges all kinds of usb devices and with four ports you can charge pretty much all the devices you have. The usb ports each have a output of 2.4 amps so it will charge your tablets and phones.		Support:	The iClever BoostCube can basically be used with any modern cellphone or tablet that is charged by usb.		Results of a week of testing:	The iClever BoostCube is a great device that has a good level of portability allowing you to take it any where with you without the cluuter of too many wall warts. This device will do the job when comes to travelling allowing you save space in your bag and still be able to charge up all your devices.		Conclusion:	In conclusion iClever BoostCube is a great product and a must have for travellers and college students who can only find one outlet and still be able to charge all their devices without you hoarding all the outlets that you can find.		This product was sent to me for review.
0,This thing is very well built. Strong as heck, holds two 23' monitors without issue. I can move them around, fully articulated heads, moves up when I stand, and down again when I sit. Heavy duty mount. Bought a second for the Missus.
0,They do their job. I am a big fan of amazon basics overall. Very basic and I like that. I've gotten usb extenders in the past that have felt more flimsy, thankfully these were not! They feel sturdy when plugged in and not loose. Great buy and great price.
0,Works great, will be purchasing another one for the daughter...
0,This backpack is definitely not extremely rugged but is comfortable to wear, which is the most important part of any backpack. It definitely fits larger laptops well.
0,I've owned this camera for almost three years; it does everything you'd want a digital camera to do:  Takes great pictures with reasonable quality, flash works well, settings are useful.  Its weaknesses:  1) eats batteries for lunch, 2) serial interface is rather slow, 3) setup requires that you read the manual (and you'll need to read it again when you want to delete all your pictures after you download).  Valuable options:  The AC-power pack and a 32mb memory card.  Do you really need a 3-megapixel zoom for $?  Are you an avid shutter bug?  No?  Then consider this camera in the $ range.
0,The absolute BEST standard lens I've ever had!
0,Quality - excellent!	I back up various types of data  on these discs.	I also plan to convert VHS video to them next.	Verbatim products have yet to let me down and that is why I stick with this brand.
0,Love this, just as described. No complaints. if it should every break or something happen to it, I will definitely buy another to replace it!
0,Works fine, no problems at all.  A good deal at a good price.
0,Works just as described
0,works perfectly, decent price	there is a lot of hooey about "high speed", "titanium", etc., etc.	this product works just fine
0,excellent product
0,Excelente
0,Picture shows the cable as solid white, but it actually have blue stripe, so it will be a little more difficult to conceal it along my white trim.		Aside from aesthetics the cable does job well and the flat design is nice.		If also feel durable, definitely worth the price I paid for it, bot not worth 5 stars since the picture is slightly misleading.
0,I really love how Skydog not only lets me set limits for where my three boys go on the Internet, but where and when they want to go there.		My three boys all have a plethora of Internet-enabled phones, tablets and computers at their disposal. In general, this a good thing because they can do their homework, communicate with their friends, and just watch their favorite shows with the Apple TV or Youtube, but it's sometimes too much. Especially when it is time to finish their homework or go to sleep. Skydog lets me fine-tune times that are appropriate for each boy. For example, the eldest goes to bed at 11pm so I configured a policy to shut off all his devices from 11pm to 8am. This way, he goes to sleep and does not have access until he gets home from school. He's well rested and his grades show it. In the case of my twins, I have to do more filtering of sites and times because they go to bed earlier and should not be seeing certain things on the Internet. Skydog really helps out here.		I've gotten some inquiries from the neighbors about Skydog because my sons have told them what happens when they use the Internet at our house :)		From a hardware point of view, the WiFi has really good range performance and I like the setup interface a lot. The smartphone app is really just a web interface, but it works well in most instances on the devices that I've tried. There are some things that I would like to see improved. The most important thing for me is Apple AirPrint (and Bonjour) support because I have one printer for the house and the way the Skydog zones work, it was a little tricky to get this setup so all the kids, my wife, and I could print successfully on WiFi.		In all, Skydog is a great solution and helps us raise happier, healthier kids.
0,Its not the revered bathead product, but for a sub-$200 product that supports MOTOTrbo DMR, its wonderful.		The radio has good heft, solidly made and works as advertised. The radio is flawless when examined on my Motorola service monitor. Everything was in spec.		The CPS software, like all CPS programming software requires a doctorate to understand and is not for the faint of heart. Not a big deal--if you are a newcomer to DMR, you might want to get an example codeplug to start out and use it for an example to learn from. I was an absolute noob to DMR and I was able to figure it out by using Tennessee's VolNet codeplug to work off of. It only took me a couple of hours to get the hang of it. Now I can help friends out pretty easily customizing codeplugs to their liking.		Thus far, the radio has performed flawlessly.		73, DE Phil. KC4UVU  Grid square EM76wa
0,Fantastic - I use the zipper pocket to keep all of my charge cords.  Just what I was looking for.
0,great
0,works great and extremely fast ship
0,These are the best!  I use with my iPad, and they attach where the headphone jack is. They're nice and sturdy but very flexible. Very good quality.
0,I recently received a Kindle, and found myself dragging it around with me everywhere.  Since the Kindle is not backlit, I thought a clip on light would be nice for when I read in the car or when I didn't want to leave our bedroom light on when I was unable to put down my newest novel.  Enter the Mighty-Brite....it is flexible, light and clips on to my kindle cover.  It gives good coverage of light and is not too bright or too dim.  Just right in my opinion. I also have used it to clip on to a hardbound as well, and overall I felt this was a really good product.  Nice design, good light and good value in my opinion.		If you need to shed a little light on the subject, I would give this one a go.
0,Whats to say?  It's a wire!  It works great and is sold at a good price!  Would buy again when needed with no hesitation!
0,I love this! It was easy to install and works flawlessly on my RV. Not only does it help with backing up, but because of where the license plate bracket is located, it gives me a perfect viewing angle when connecting with my trailer. I plan to order a few more and give them as gifts to my sisters.
0,Received on time and great shape.  I have a ton of 4/3 lenses and now that I bought an EM-5, I wanted to be able to use the full sized lenses so I picked this up for future use!  Have not actually tried it out at this time but I know the quality of Olympus and am not worried.  If I use it soon, will update this review!
0,The reviews of these bluetooth earbuds appear to be all over the map and if I had to make a purchase decision based on them I'd be hard-pressed to decide what to do. In the first place, a careful fit of the earbuds into/around the ear is crucial for any sort of comfort. More than any other earbuds I've ever worn, these require a careful balance of weight to ensure comfort. This is due to the slightly unwieldy design of the earpieces in combination with a battery case or pack that sits behind the earbuds and on the back of the neck. The trick to wearing these comfortably is to achieve some sort of balance between these elements. If you don't balance them carefully, the earbuds may pull and break whatever seal you've achieved, thus affecting sound quality or else the battery will feel uncomfortable sitting on the back of the neck. Once the earbud assembly is properly balanced and the unique earpiece design is correctly placed and sealed into the ears, the earbuds feel comfortable and their sound quality is good with discernable bass and solid highs and mid-range. I've owned a pair of Altec Lansing computer speakers for 15 years whose good, effective sound reminds me of these earbuds.		As for the Bluetooth component: I found that sound quality hasn't been sacrificed, with only a slight loss of bass when using it. The quality of sound remains good as long as the proper seal in the ears is maintained. One aspect of using Bluetooth I thought could stand some improvement was the distance achievable before sound quality began to deteriorate or cut-out completely. On average, sound began to become intermittent or was entirely lost between 15 and 20 feet from my computer or Bluetooth player. I've had greater success with other Bluetooth headsets, with some remaining effective to distances of 50 feet or more. Whether this is the result of the smaller size of the earbuds is merely a guess on my part, but this strikes me as probable. If you have the patience to ensure a proper balance and placement of these Altec Lansing earbuds, you'll be rewarded with good sound and decent Bluetooth functionality. But as the variability of other reviews makes obvious, these are not the easiest earbuds to configure and use.
0,Well constructed and have stood up to high temperatures. I use mine in a Raspberry Pi.
0,It is simple and secure! Can be shared by a group of people when needed. Also, it's big enough to not get lost.
0,This is a great product which would surely make your iPod, iPhone to the best GPS device available.	I used to get only 1 single bar GPS signal using the out of the box GPS receiver of my iPhone 3GS.  With this device I get a full 5 bar signal strength of GPS.  The navigation works like a charm.
0,this touchpad keyboard is the best keyboard i've got. high quality. durable. worked on my PS3. and PC and my LG smart TV. both touchpad and keyboard. wonder what will this not work on. it has a USB extender adapter so that you connect the small wireless adapter to it so that you won't have trouble removing the tiny wifi adapter from your USB port. great overall. recommended.
0,Upgraded when our old standby Motorola SB5101 Docsis 2.0 (consistent speeds between 19 and 22mbps) died, this new Motorola SB6141 is limited only by our chosen ISP plan with speeds around 35mbps.  Easy to set up, it bonded instantly with our router.  Whatever firmware issues might have existed in early 2013 have been resolved.  Our IPS (Cox) checked and confirmed that this model was delivered with the latest firmware already installed.  They also said that any future firmware updates would be automatically pushed to the modem by their system.  Found it helpful to run namebench to choose the fastest DNS servers because now our modem can keep up with whatever speed is on the web.
0,Good item
0,A few months of usage and I am happy. Speed is excellent. Price is great. Lightweight and does everything one can expect from a Chrome OS. The only thing I wish was better would be the keys. They are kind of shallow and the feel is odd to get used to.
0,this rig makes it easy to get cool panning shots with your go-pro or other similar camera.		The biggest thing is it takes some practice to get the motion down so it appears smooth and not jerky.  Can also be used as an extension pole to put your camera over fences, out over ledges, etc...
0,I got tired of carrying my laptop to school and worrying about theft.  My ZTE ZMAX has just enough screen size to type, and edit documents, so I met this product as an alternative to using my laptop on the go.  Going to say, I wish I had this product when I went to Japan because it basically turns my phone into a mini laptop.  The only downside is that you have to be a little slow with your typing so that the bluetooth can keep up with the data flow.
0,Terrific binos.
0,I ordered it to come the next day and it did! I got everything even an extra magnetic ring. I put both rings on the front and back. Pressed on the rings hard and never once moved or tried to take it off... never came off and it has been a couple of weeks now.		So make sure you put it in the right spot and LEAVE it! Otherwise you'll need to bring out the super glue and screw up your phone!
0,The drive performs very nicely and does not produce considerable amount of noise.  Installation is really easy. Got it up and running very fast.
0,Worked perfectly out of the box no issues!
0,Nice little tablet runs windows 8.1 very well.  Battery run time is a little short
0,Panasonic makes a quality product...after comparing the 56"+ sets in the big box electronic stores...I decided on the Panasonic...checked it out on Amazon and found the price to be anywhere from $700 to $1,000 less than the stores...WOW...also free shipping...great picture(I use the HDMI input)...great sound...works very well with my Panasonic Home Theater DVD System...great deal all around.
0,Good~
0,I have several of these and the one that is about 6 years old just failed.  It was becoming intermittent and with a big network it is hard to find the one component that is acting up.  Finally today it just died so I could identify the bad component in the system which was this switch.  This type of equipment should last for 10 years.  It is plugged into a UPS backup system that is surge protected and there is no reason for it to fail.  This is the highly touted version 3. I rate it at 4 stars.  It does have a life time warranty that is still valid from Cisco Small Business Solution Center and by returning it they will replace it at no charge and pay the return shipping.
0,Got it as a replacement. it works nicely.
0,Nice quality, just what I was looking for.  Delivered on time, I'm quite pleased
0,Worked straight out of the box. No compatibility issues. Thank you!		(MSI B250 Pro Intel motherboard)
0,Good case, but some small issues not really worth noting. It's a good case for the price range, pretty good for a build if you don't care about the case being top notch and just want a quality plain case with glass window.
0,Bought three of these modules and used them with an Asus P4B motherboard.  They worked just fine and doubled the memory in the computer. After installation I noticed slightly faster operation.
0,I did some research and figured this card was pretty much the best card I could put in my Core 2 Duo SFF PC without stressing the supply or cooking the card in the cramped case...		HL2 playing for about 3 hours gets the card hot, but not too hot..		Looking for a big case to swap everything into next...		This product was first to my door out of all of the things I ordered on the same day...		MSI did a good job here...
0,This headphone splitter is really fun. I went on a cruise with a bunch of friends. While waiting in the airport on our way down to Miami, I pulled this out and the 4 of us were all able to watch a movie and listen to music without disturbing other people.	Positives	- Small and lightweight	- Splitter plug slots are at various angles, making it easy to attach multiple headphones	- Sound quality doesn't depricate with additional lines added	- Product was priced well	Negatives	- It's a bit of an odd shape to fit into a bag	- Main line cord doesn't detach
0,Disclosure: I recieved this item along with the GoRad "Boulder" travel & storage case for a "bundled price" after contacting the seller via instagram/email. Regardless, I used the item, and I am writing this according to my experience with using this item.	After trying out a pure plastic version of a pole mount, I must say I feel 1000% more secure with this version.  Even though it is A LOT heavier than I expected it to be, I figure that is only because of what I was comparing it to the only other one I tried before.  Besides the weight, every other characteristic that I've tested on this pole mount is impeccable.  The pole came with its own thumbscrew and also an end bolt and a couple plastic washers, yet I did not use the screw with the extras.  The padded nylon bag was a neat little add on even though I did not use it on this particular trip. The backpack I used had plenty room for the pole while it was completely collapsed, but if I were to use a smaller day pack, or only carrying the camera with this pole, the carry bag with the adjustable strap would definitely come in handy. The wrist strap with a teeth locking adjustable clip along with the awesome non-slip grip helps give more piece of mind that you won't lose the pole (and camera) if you somehow let go and drop it.  Even with bulky wrong size snowboarding gloves handling the pole, was not a problem for me.  The level of full extension on this is very surprising.  With two points of extension, you get a full range of FOV dimensions! The twisting unlock and lock points are easy to use so any measure between fully collapsed and full extension can be made. But, in all honesty, one extension of either level was within the range that I most liked and used.  So far I've used this indoors, while snowboarding, and underwater in hottub/pool water... the only time I had any "difficulty" (if you can even call it that), was when it was snowing during use.  The pole extension got stuck and I had to push with a bit more effort for it to collapse back down.  I'm guessing snow got in and temporarily froze to itself.  I plan to use it for a Hawaii trip in the future, but until then I won't know if or how saltwater may affect it.  Either way, I'm fully satisfied with my purchase.  Just like the GoRad Boulder case, my boyfriend and nephew are both looking into getting thier own as well.
0,Cheap and well thought out. It worked for me. You have to think about the installation as there are many possible ways to make it work. All hardware included. Hard to picture not being able to make one of the many combinations of hardware work for your set up. Well designed. Perfect match for my 50" Samsung and a Samsung sound bar.
0,Sturdy mount and allows me to use my motorcycle handlebar mount and aim the camera correctly.  Just what I needed!
0,Any Philips DVD Players with a usb input will read this dock station and it's hard drive.		Since this dock stattion has 2 usb cables and one is a dedicated for power only, you can get a USB to Ac power adaptor and convert it as AC power.  Format a partition to FAT32 on the hard drive,  and BAM!!! a stand alone movie player unit.  I tried and work beautifully.
0,My wife is very pleased with it because of the sense of having a better grip of the tablet
0,SANDISK RULES!
0,Do what they are supposed to. Packaging was good as well.
0,Nicceee!!		They worked out perfectly!!  Would definitely buy from this customer again in the near future.		Thanks again for your help..
0,I love headphones, and have about five pairs.  I've bought and returned many more.  This set is the cheap set I use for walking outdoors with ipod, or for watching videos on ipad in bed while wife tries to sleep, etc.  Given the very low cost, their sound is phenomenal.  Remember the law of diminishing returns applies nowhere are clearly as in headphones.  My $400 headphones are "clearly better" than these $20 set of cans, but they are NOT 20 times as good.  Nowhere near.  If "price is an object" and you love value, then you could not do better than a pair of these at around $25 or so.  Forget whatever you've heard about Senn and others being so much better than "ancient" brand Koss.  These were done right.
0,Great
0,Update: Anker contacted me after I had some problems, and I'm happy to say I can give the replacement unit five stars. I am adding 1 1/2 stars to my original review for their excellent handling of the return and replacement. I'm adding another 1/2 because I see now the velcro which can help keep the unit in place, and that was my biggest problem with the design. The unit I received as a replacement is different and just fantastic, so again, I'm headed over to give that five stars.		The design is actually a little awkward in practice. It looks neat, until you have cables sticking up, but at just enough of an angle hat that can pull the device up on the back end and puts stress on the rear cable. And I know this specifically said it would not charge devices, but so many hubs do hat I did not even think to look, and I personally missed that in the description.
0,excellent quality
0,While there are improved and more expensive versions of this antenna now available, I now have two and both of them do a really good job of picking up the local broadcast stations. Cable is not an option for us, and we haven't tried a satellite dish. This brings in all of our local stations with no monthly fees and the picture quality is good. The switch to digital broadcasting meant our old TV antenna just couldn't cut it any more; this has been a lifesaver.
0,I bought these on a sale price, super comfy, great clarity, deep bass, good cancellation of steady noise.
0,This adapter is simple as it is and works as it is. There's nothing negative I can say about this item.
0,I purchased this for my Acer netbook and it works great. The front pocket is a must to carry your power cords, jump drives, etc. Plus the style is professional enough for work and meetings.
0,This was part of a gift for my boyfriend and was a huge hit. Always pulled out at parties and always fun to have about.
0,I am using this duplicator to burn DVDs of a training video I made. I have had no problems with it so far and it is very easy to use. I didn't even need to read the directions.
0,I replaced my iPad mini with an iPad Pro 10.5 and needed a new mount.  This one is perfect.  Securely holds the iPad Pro. Great product at very reasonable price.
0,This is the 3rd one I tried.  The 1st dropped out, the 2nd was distorted.  This one sounds good and it stays connected.  Range is good.  It loses a star due to the extremely thin cables that could be a reliability problem if moved much.  The wires are no more than 28 or 30 awg.
0,Stellar sound quality.  Full, tight lows that punch when they should, and stay boom-free when they shouldn't.  Warm mids.  Bright, clean high without sounding tinny.  I purchased these at a brick and mortar in 2010 (it is May 2016 today).  They are just starting to crap out.  The sound is still spectacular, but they don't take the volume they once could.  Bass at high volumes is starting to distort.  I am OK with this - for the shear hours of use these got over the last 6 years at $100, they have paid for themselves and I will consider replacing them with another Sony set.		2 complaints.  One - after 3 years the "pleather" coating on the ear cushions started to flake off.  After 4 years, the cushions became unusable, and I replaced them with the cushions of a junk set of Turtle Beach gaming 'phones my son tossed out.  See photo.  Two - some complain of the weak wires at the driver cups failing.  If you are not careful, the pivot will pinch the wires on both sides where the head band "yoke" meets the driver cups.  See photo.  I have been careful over the years, and the wires have survived, but I do think it is a design flaw.  I will definitely look for this flaw when choosing my next set.		These have driven classic rock, metal, jazz and swing over the years, in both a listening chair, behind a drum kit, and even on stage.  Once again, in my mind 6 years for $100 is definitely fair considering the hours these babies have logged.
0,Could have sworn that 4g/LTE was listed in the item description and I am disappointed that it doesnt come with a card slot so I could use cellular data without tethering.  Still, S3 Is a great little machine.  I already had a 1 yr Ms10 Home subscription, this added 9 months to my contract.  Bluetooth connects easily with my cheapo earphone.  And the Razor kb and mouse connect flawlessly as well via USB 2.4 donglewhen needed.
0,I use this memory card in my Nikon D3300. It works perfectly fine and there's no complaints.
0,Just stick it in (Galaxy S7 Edge) and it works!
0,This is probably my 6th laptop(had HP,toshiba and acers)and its by far the best. I've had it since Feburary. In addition to web use, MS office etc I do a fair amount of Lightroom and a bit of photoshop	PROS:	Screen color,resolution,viewing angle as good as it gets on a PC laptop	Keyboard...large and good key feeling.(a couple problems see cons)	Powerful. I've had no problems doing imaging of large files, watching  videos	No problems at all with the hinge as others may have reported on older models.	Battery life. I haven't done any exact testing but I seem to get decent battery life given the power and screen size.		Cons: i wish they could have shaved a few ounces off but I knew it wasn't the lightest machine out there	Not too easy to change brightness and sound with Fn+tiny fn button. My Acer let you dedicate arrow keys	Speakers..really not loud enough. They claim a high grade speaker but volume lacks. I don't watch a lot of videos so not a priority.
0,I was planning on building another computer and started searching through Amazons computer components, and knew I wanted a strong, dependable , and fast AMD. In my search, I found the AMD FX-6200 3.8GHz 6 core processor, I was a bit surprised at the awesome price, but then again, Amazon has had a lot of sweet surprises! I ordered it right away, two days later it was on my doorstep! I built the computer, and I absolutely love it. I've been using water cooling on most of my powerful computers, so after overclocking it to 4.5 GHz, it remained stable,FAST and kept cool. This processor ROCKS! I've had friends stop by and they want to play with my newest build, they were quite surprised!!I couldn't get them off my computer!! Another best bang for the buck by AMD!!
0,Perfect! I am really satisfied with that order and  everything! What else can I say..... Keep on the good job!
0,works great with qnap ts-251
0,This speaker connection wall plate is good quality at a fair price.  They were easy to install and connecting speaker wire with banana plugs was quite simple.
0,Seems well made. Time will tell. Cables seem good, until they are not good.	I've bought Mediabridge in the past for stereo system and been happy. Good quality for good price. Spending more does not get you anything. Seriously.
0,nice product, great price.
0,Yes,  It suits my purpose very well. I haven't decided a permanent location to mount it with the included  Velcro tape yet, and i'm concerned it won't hold the hub firm enough to allow removal of snug USB Plug using one hand.
0,Worked Perfectly!
0,A++++++ As described
0,works to extend my headphones in bed.
0,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Canon-Digital-Rebel-XSi-12MP-Digital-SLR-Camera-with-EF-S-18-55mm-f-3-5-5-6-IS-Lens-Black/dp/B0012YA85A/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Canon Digital Rebel XSi 12MP Digital SLR Camera with EF-S 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 IS Lens (Black)</a>	This is quite a good camera for the price, and the lens is GREAT value with	good wide angle and zoom capabilities.  One review I read before buying the camera said it was intuitive to operate.  Not for me!  It came set up so the LIVE VIEW feature, which shows the shot to be taken on the screen, was not defaulted, so the the QUICK START instructions were useless, and only after deep reading of the operating instructions did i work out what was going on.	Also this only operates on "manual" modes, not on any of the automatic modes.  So a lot steeper learning curve than I'd expected.
0,Great portable charger that will quickly charge anything you throw at it. Really handy when traveling and you have only one outlet with four devices. The one thing it's missing is foldable prongs as they stick out in some bags.
0,Great product. No problems at all and had for over a year. My tv feels stable. Product is stable.
0,Great, durable, but difficult to set up when used as a "stand"
0,Used this to create a 2nd USB port in my 2010 Ford F150.  Perfect length and no issues since I bought it a year ago.
0,Quality cable for cheap.
0,I was skeptical with this adapters using the power lines to create a network.		Problem:	Before these adapters, my wireless network problem was having neighbors with WiFi because it created interference with the transmitting bands; therefore, Hulu, Netflix and Amazon Instant video constantly got stuck buffering on my Smart TV (located on the first floor). I solved part of this problem at no cost by manually assigning different bands to my wireless router (located on second floor). I downloaded this free app: "WiFi Overview 360" for Android and it told me what was the best frequency band for me, changed it, and got it working again.		Solution:	I purchased these adapters before solving my problem, since I had bought them already I wanted to give it a try and I am really happy I did. With wireless my speed on hulu had to be 650kbps to be able to watch tv shows, with this adapters now I am able to play hulu at 1.5mbps, more than double than with WiFi.		Conclusion:	If you want better performance on TV streaming, this is what you need.	.
0,I use this cable at work as my computer is on the floor and I must listen to webinars.  Trying to do this on a standard cord looks ridiculous as your almost laying down in your seat.
0,So far so good, we will see how it lasts
0,Great product
0,I gave this unit 4-Stars because the issue I have is that after you give this GPS unit an overnight full charge, the AC Adapter charge does not last very long on this unit. The AC Adapter you have to purchase it separate. I purchased one on Amazon.com (i. Trek CT-0505WU OEM Wall Home Charger AC Adapter with Extended 6 feet), which they have a better deal than the Magellan website. You should always carry your car charger with you, in case the battery goes down on this unit. The good points about this unit is it is one of the best GPS units that Magellan has produced that has such a reasonable price. The Model 5230T-LM is easy to setup and it gives great directions. This unit notifies you a couple of times right before you have to turn onto a street and gives you a landmark location (ex: gas station, drug store, dept store, etc.), if there is one ahead to help guide you to your destination. The 5-inch screen is great size. The displlay is very sharp and clear, and notifies  you of traffic ahead. This unit comes with the Lifetime Maps & Traffic already installed on the unit. You go onto the Magellan website and check for the lastest Map updates for your model. Tech Support was very helpful when I needed assistance to setup my unit. You usually get 4 Map Updates a year at no charge. I love that there is no extra charge for theLifetime Map updates. That is a plus for me.
0,Still use it daily!  It has been many, many years.
0,OMG! these are incredible!	I never thought I would get sound this good from such a small pair of headphones!	The bass is unbelievable! They have the puchiness and crisp sound I want! You can hear and feel drum beats as if you were right there with the band!	The treble is also quite good, you can hear everything. the voices  are smooth and not high pitched, everything is balanced pretty well. But I feel the treble could be a touch higher.	I don't know if the bass is intentionally enhanced, but it sounds a lot louder on these then any other headphones I have. But I like it, certainly makes my music sound more alive and in your face.	Also worth noting, these have a nice soundstage, or stage presence if you will. Mostly because they don't cover around your ears.	It would be great if Koss made a version of these in an over the ear Circumaural design. It would be nice to hear how it sounded.	For a small portable headphone where sound isolation is not required, these are my babies.		Here is what I own as of this review, to show you to what Im comparing from.	Onkyo TX-SR500 reciever	Koss UR29	Koss the plug	Panasonic RP-HJE50	Koss Porta pro (of course)	Audio-technica ATH-PRO5V
0,Great way to hook up second monitor to my macbook air, and at a 1/4 the price of buying from apple.
0,This works perfectly. 50 Ft of ethernet cable that I can keep around for when I need it. I bought this thing with an intended project in mind but ultimately, wireless will have to do as my girlfriend doesn't want cords strung about on the ceiling.
0,great antenna, works great for a scanner
0,I can discern no difference in battery-charge life (appx. # of exposures before recharge) between these, OEM (Nikon), and Wasabi- which I've had good service from before. I cannot speak to *how many* charge cycles these will last, but I am very pleased so far. (2 months, thousands of exposures).  (Nikon D7200 - not listed in description of cameras- same battery- you probably know this if you have a D7200)
0,awesome, thanks
0,Can't beat the price on this item.  Works well, seems to hold up to my daily use, and very inexpensive.
0,What a deal I had a tom tom this one was better way better
0,Easy to put on and good quality for the price.
0,Very nice case, only complaint is the stand seems a bit flimsy and am worried about breaking it too easily.
0,Great Product, Good price easy to install.
0,Love it.  I put it in the car when my nephew rides along and it keeps him quiet.  Wished the straps were just a little shorter.
0,Works good
0,I use this with my Macbook Pro and it works well.
0,We do some amateur digital photography with consumer-grade SLR cameras (a Nikon D70s and a late model Canon), and this tripod has expanded our range.  The tripod folds into a compact unit.  But when you set it up, you can tighten everything up well, and it holds, from the mount to the leg locks.  At about 3 pounds, it's light enough to be reasonably portable.  In all, this is a great basic travel tripod.
0,Absolutely LOVE this beauty! I use this one for making videos on my YouTube channel along with a wide angle lens and a Rode shotgun mic and the quality of my videos has instantly gotten better, courtesy its awesome auto focus feature.	I had used a Panasonic HC-770 camcorder for about 3 years before taking the DLSR route and I'm kicking myself for not having done it earlier.		If you are a video content creator, then this is probably on the better values of money in terms of the ROI. There are a few other decent cameras from Sony, Nikon and Panasonic that are available for a cheaper price, but I'd take the 70D over those any day.
0,It does the job, and it doesn't look horrible.
0,I love this headset with the price i got it for. Was a great buy and would tell all my friends to buy it.
0,I have a Samsung Tab 7 Plus and found the 7 inch screen size too small.  I just bought this 8 inch and it is so much better.  Things are big enough to read now without having to make them bigger, the screen is awesome and it is so much faster.  I considered the Note Tab for an additional $79.00 but why pay extra for functionality that I will never use and at least for me the performance wasn't that much better.
0,I love these!! The stylus are excellent for using with my phone and my tablet!!  I  recommend these to everyone, my family and friends!!
0,Switch between your computer phone (Lync) and your cell phone with a push of a button. I've used this in the car (similar to a built-in blue tooth) as well. It is generally easier to hear and be heard than most car stereo systems. It's also great for road warriors who find themselves needing to attend a conference call and learn the conference room they're connecting doesn't have a phone. Pull out your cell phone, BT-connect it to the Jabra, and you have an conf-call quality phone connection.		I owned the unit prior to this that did not feature the Bluetooth. While it was a good product, the difference in value of having BT functionality goes well beyond the $10 price difference (though I suppose the older model was discontinued).
0,Works great!!! Much better then others I had and it is great for 2 people to watch the same thing on a plane...
0,I've only used it once, SD card and USB 3.0 port on my Asus laptop.  Pictures were downloaded very quickly.  I haven't used the other card readers yet.  First impression is that the product is well worth the money.  The real test will be when I download huge files from the CF card in my wife's Nikon D300....yet to be seen.
0,Not much to say. It does what a network cable tester is supposed to do. Case fit and finish is a bit off, but not terrible, the carrying case is abysmal, but since I spend most of my time at the keyboard, and very little testing network cables, it's really no big deal.		I have had this little tester now for about 2 months, and have tested nearly 100 cables with it. So far no failures. Even in the short time I have had it, it has dramatically exceeded my expectations for performance. But then again, I wasn't expecting much for the price. Like I mention above, fit and finish is slightly below part on the unit itself, the included carrying case is this horrid whispy rice paper thin vinyl piece of junk they should be embarrassed to include. However, it DOES provide ample signal to test cables of any reasonable length. I have so far used it to test cables from 6" jumpers, to 100' cables across the data center. It's been a great little tool that helps me do my job, either the ones I get paid for, or my own projects at home.		I would be hard pressed to use this if it was my only tester, for professional use, but then again, if somebody steals it, I am not out a whole lot either. So this cheap POS is kind of a win / win here for me... As a system administrator, where networking is just sort of a tack on to my job, it is an invaluable tool. For a full time network admin / tech, I would say keep looking for something that is going to hold up better. But then again, if you are in a shop where your tools are likely to get stolen or damaged, this might just be a good throw away tester for you!
0,It was what I expected, very good seller, thank you very much.
0,Right size for my needs. Works great
0,This is a great lens.  Its perfect for me.  I wanted a 50mm equivalent lens for my D300 (with 18-70 and 70-300) especially when traveling.  I used to use a 50mm 1.8 but it was too long on the DX camera.  This lens is razor sharp and I don't see any distortion.  The fast aperture and normal length allows me to capture indoor shots in natural light that were previously unobtainable and its small enough to fit into a pocket.		The pouch is nice but like that of the 18-70 not really practical.  Its also nice to have a lens hood included but again I don't know how practical it would be.  It would have been nicer if Nikon had included one of their awesome NC filters...		I bought the lens as a kit with the accessory pack.  I have no use for the lens keeper, but the Vivitar filter will come in handy for beaches etc where I do not want to use my Nikon NC filter.  The cleaning kit is a welcome addition, however.
0,It works great! Have had ZERO issues with Netflix or Amazon since it has been installed. Make sure you install it really close to your router first. Then you can move it anywhere you want to in the house.
0,These sound as good as my sony headphones in the same class just I don't like how long the cord is, They were shipped to me and looked like they were broken during shipping but I made them work, I am happy with them, they do sound good!
0,This is a pretty good case, good quality and cover for your Ipod. I would definitely recommend this case. Good item.
0,This is the most unique and compact device to clean your ipad screen. Works wonderfully and there are 3 in a pack one larger and two smaller. Very easy to throw in a desk or purse and use whenever needed. Most definitely recommend!
0,Without a doubt this is the best pocket radio I have owned.  The reception is excellent, the size is surprising small, and the operation of the presets for the various stations is very easy to understand.  I use this radio nearly every day and it's nearly perfect for my purposes.
0,I love these sweet silent fans
0,I just needed a switch to connect all my A/V stuff together and get them off the wifi bandwidth - who knew that everything was eventually going to have ethernet?  Plugged in, things connected.  Easy Peasy.		Lightweight - so it feels a bit on the cheap side - but the advantage there is no worries trying to hang it on the wall, out of the way.  This was the perfect switch for connecting my 2 gaming consoles, the smart TV, and the BluRay to the wired network, eliminating all the extra noise in the 2.4ghz band and improving wireless performance for all the other devices in the house that need it - tablets, phones, laptops, etc.		Plugged into the Powerline AV adapter and plugged my ps3 in and I was connected quickly.  Online gaming response is MUCH improved over the on-again/off-again of wireless.		Price can't be beat - and for those who really want to tinker with it, this switch uses the same chip as the managed hub - and with some serious technical know how, you can make this switch act like a much more expensive managed version.  Google it up - I didn't need to do it, so I can't tell you the specifics.  For my needs, this was perfect.		Rock on.
0,For a cheap LED keyboard and mouse combo, you can't really go wrong with this. It looks nice, and the lights are pretty vibrant.	For a membrane keyboard, it doesn't feel mushy. I've had some really mushy keyboards before, and it's an awful feeling. This keyboard feels solid and durable for a membrane keyboard. It's also got a little bit of heft to it, which helps keep it from sliding around too much.		I only have two issues with it. One is that the LED lighting on the keyboard is toggled using Scroll-lock, which gets annoying when working with spreadsheets. The other one is that my mouse started acting up a tiny bit and missing some movements, but that was also after I accidentally yanked on the cord way too hard and likely damaged it. This also could have been cause by my two-tone mousepad, which other laser-mice have had tracking issues with.		Overall, I would buy this again if I'm ever in the market for a LED mouse and non-mechanical keyboard combo
0,When I was initially planning the purchase of parts to build my new gaming computer, I was adamant about purchasing a GTX 780. After quite a bit of research, I determined that the extra cost was not worth the negligible difference in frames the benchmark reviews were reporting. I have owned this GPU for over a month now, and I do not have any regrets about my decision.		At first glance, the card is nice, and has a comfortable weight when you hold it; almost like you can feel its power (I know, that was very cliche.) There are 3 fans mounted to the card-spanning heatsink, a technology Gigabyte markets as "Windforce." For output, it provides 2 DVI, 1 Display Port, and 1 HDMI. Installing the card was very easy of course; it popped right into the PCI slot with no difficulty.		When I initially got my setup running, I immediately began installing games out of my vast library just for the sake of checking out its performance. I was not disappointed with the results I received, and after the break I will go over some of the more graphically intensive titles such as Skyrim, and Battlefield 3, as well as a brief discussion of the temperatures I've recorded at idle and load.		To establish some reference, I play every game on this setup with a 27" Auria IPS display, with a resolution of 2560x1440 @60hz. The monitor is connected to my 770 via HDMI cable. Note: for those who are under the presumption that HDMI cannot accomplish this res at that refresh rate, the ports on both the GPU and monitor support it, and I have an HDMI cable that does as well (it is a very cheap cable as well.)		As for actual in game performance, this card performs marvelously. In Battlefield 3, at 1920x1080 with all settings maxed I was able to achieve over 100 fps at times according to the in-game counter. When bumping it to 2560x1440, the frame difference was negligible and I was still able to play at comfortable frames and still be competitive.		Part of the reason why I purchased a card with 4GB of VRAM was my interest in modding Skyrim. Just like with Battlefield, the card performed beautifully at 1920x1080 with all settings maxed out while running Bethesda's HD textures add-on in conjunction with a popular user created very high res texture mod. When I cranked it to 2560x1440, I was able to notice frame drops in certain areas, however it was not enough to be a dealbreaker. It is simply a trade I am making to have a higher quality visual experience, without playing on frames that are too low to be acceptable for solid gameplay. One of my gamer friends got to see it in action, and was very impressed by what he saw. For those interested in seeing what it looks like running on this card, I have a variety of screenshots taken in Skyrim that you may view, by searching for user "Eorlas" and navigating to the "Screenshots" section of my Steam profile. (Warning: Some screenshots may contain content spoilers. Please note that Skyrim is an M rated game, and anyone viewing the screenshots should be of legal age to play the game before viewing them.)		As a reference, I will quickly throw in some performance details about other popular games I play should they be of relevance to you: League of Legends runs at solid 60fps at (Stable was selected in settings) without budging at all during gameplay at the aforementioned resolution and maxed settings. Civilization 5 on either single or multiplayer, GTA IV, and Borderlands 2 all perform well set to max at the aforementioned resolution. For other titles or more in depth benchmarks, please research reputable benchmarking sites using Google. There are a bunch of great websites who do highly detailed benchmarks and present the results in well written articles.		Finally, as far as temperature is concerned, I idle at no more than 30 degrees Celsius regularly; at load, I have not seen the card exceed 60 degrees Celsius. My case is entirely air-cooled with 2 front mounted 120mm fans, 1 rear 140mm fan, and 1 top mounted 200mm fan blowing air in.		In conclusion, this card shows amazing performance for a great price point. A 780 at the time of purchase was a touch over $600, and with good deals running at the time I purchased this card for just over $400. You are not "future-proofing" per se by choosing a card with 4GB of VRAM; I would not want to mislead you into believing this card will withstand the test of time (such is not the nature of rapidly advancing technology.) However, if you intend to run multiple games simultaneously, or are interested in heavily modifying games to dramatically change the visual experience (GTA IV, Skyrim as some examples) then a 4GB GPU may not be a bad option for you. The fans and heatsink help to keep it cool, and it runs silently. I cannot attest to its overclocking ability beyond its factory overclock as I have not attempted it yet, however, there are plenty of benchmark sites that have those results readily available.		I highly recommend including this GPU in your comparisons when considering purchasing a new card.		For reference, here are my build specs:		Gigabyte Z87X-UD4H mobo	Intel i7 4770k 3.5Ghz	Coolermaster Hyper 212 Evo	Gigabyte GeForce GTX 770 4GB	Corsair Vengeance 2x4GB (8gb) 1600mhz 9-9-9-24	Samsung 840 PRO 256gb SSD(primary)	Seagate barracuda 500gb 5400rpm HDD (data storage)	Western Digital 1gb HDD (data storage)	Samsung 24x DVD drive	Corsair HX750	Coolermaster Storm Trooper
0,It actually works.  The photos go directly from the camera to the iPad.  Hard to believe that they fit all that stuff, like a WiFi transmitter, on this little card.
0,This turned out to be quite a little gem for my daughter's car, as she has all of her music on memory sticks and mp3 players. Installation was very straightforward, and it's a nice, clean-looking unit that just sounds and works well.
0,Product works great. The elastic bands hold well with different sized lenses and the button adhesive attaches firmly to the lens cap.
0,Delivered as expected and product is as described, met my expectations.  Takes a while to charge but also lasts well and holds a charge.
0,it is sturdy and holds my I POD touch 5th gen in place very well. it doesn't cover the camera so i don't even have to remove the case in order to take picture. the color is perfect. the free stylist that it comes with works perfect with the iPod but it just doesn't fit or attach anywhere to the case. the chain was removable but still felt sturdy enough to use every day if you want to. i really like this case!
0,Works as intended.  Can set different tones, so it is not intrusive.
0,Works well. Easy install. Good product for the price.
0,Excellent price offset by somewhat less than sturdy quality leaves this a good deal for someone like me who is watching cash flow and using them for storing discs that will only be used occasionally by adults; if I someone needs covers for teenagers or children to used frequently or is not on a budget I suggest spending more for higher quality.
0,Great Buy! Thanks
0,Insane PSU
0,I really love this item and the customer service.
0,Bass sound is prominent and good. Take into account when listen certain type of music. sometimes that distinguishing bass sound "disturbs."
0,I live 15 miles from the tv transmitting towers of a moderate size city in the East TN area. The Axion 8706 picks up all the big boys-ABC,NBC,CBS,PBS,Fox, plus a bunch of subsidiary channels-13 total, with good clarity using only the supplied antenna. The quality of the picture is more than acceptable considering the size of the unit. The menu takes some time to figure out, but once that's accomplished you'll find that it's nearly as comprehensive as the menu on your full size HD set. Sound is so-so using the unit's speakers, and much better with headphones or earbuds, which enable good stereo sound and also reduce battery depletion, since the volume can be set lower than when using the internal speakers. Performance is equally good whether using AC or DC power or the set's lithium battery. The small remote works fine too, although the button battery in mine was DOA and required replacing with a Duracell. For best reception, I recommend positioning the set's antenna as high as possible; I have the magnetic base attached above a window to sheer curtain rods.		The lithium battery takes about three hours to fully charge when depleted. It slowly starts losing the charge as soon as it is disconnected from charging mode. You can expect to get as much as two hours playing time on a fresh charge, and the Axion will play for 30-45 minutes in battery mode two weeks after charging. The Axion remembers settings for channel, volume, picture, etc. until manually changed by the user. To extend battery life try to avoid making changes to the settings when playing the tv in battery mode.		If you experience frequent severe weather with prolonged loss of power in your area, you might  consider having two of these tvs on hand. There are also 12 volt power packs available to provide DC power if AC power is out and the battery is discharged. The included DC adapter also powers the Axion from a car's cigarette lighter in "accessory" mode (tv won't work in a moving vehicle).		The image of the Axion 8706 on Amazon shows a matte black unit. Mine is a high gloss "piano" black.
0,This thing is great.  I use it to play music from my smart phone and it works really well.  Save money for renting a DJ and purchase this for your small party or gathering.  It also has a microphone for meetings and announcing at outdoor events.  Well wort the money.  Excellent!!!
0,What's to say, it's Ram, it fits and it works like it's supposed to.  Really, it did make the laptop a bit faster, especially one boot up and shut down.  Price was right.
0,the keyboard was for my mom she needed one that was smaller than a regular one she really likes it better
0,For a newcommer, this is a good buy. I used it with Win98. I need to download a small program from the company's website. Painless installation.	I recommend you, everytime.
0,It works good for the most part, it is hard to get use to having to hit a key to turn it on before you can start typing. The guality of the case is ok, using it every day out of the home will shorten its life a bit.
0,perfect
0,These speakers are perfect for what I need them for. I teach high school special education and we have an interactive white board in our classroom. The sound level from the computer alone isn't loud enough for everyone in the classroom to hear, so I hooked up these M-Audio AV 42 speakers to my laptop and the sound quality is excellent. It fills the room and the highs and lows are very clear and pronounced, even when the volume is turned up quite loudly. These are not ultra-professional sounding but they are perfect for use in a classroom setting. The price point is right on target for what you get. I'm not a gamer, but I would imagine that these speakers would be great for all levels of gaming. They would also serve well as nice-sounding everyday speakers for streaming music. I am very happy with the quality of these M-Audio speakers. I would recommend them with no reservations.
0,I truly never thought I'd use my itouch as much as I do.  Even for a computer illiterate person like me, downloading music from iTunes and the applications are as easy as pie.  There's SO much room for everything. There are a lot of free games as well as games for a very nominal price.  I use it a lot more than I use my computer.  It's easy to get my mail as well. I'm so thrilled with it. :-)
0,Great product.  It gets a bit hot, but it is performing quite well.  I've deployed three of these at this point.
0,Amazing.  Revolutionary.  Life changing.  The gift that gives every single time you are heading in and don't have to produce a key.  NOT a security problem.  NOT hard to install.  A PERFECT product, IMO.
0,Good reception.
0,Excellent product.  Replacement for remote I broke.
0,This drive is FAST, CHEAP, and AWESOME!		If you are looking to breath new life into an old laptop that is running on a mechanical hard drive (with an available mSATA slot), this is absolutely the best dollar for dollar upgrade available.  It will make the most noticeable difference in bootup times, and overall system speed.  You could buy a more expensive, faster SSD, but I'm positive that you won't notice any useful performance gains compared to this Kingston mS200.		I was looking for the CHEAPEST possible SSD solution that could radically improve the storage performance on my company-owned laptop.  At $42.52 after tax for 120GB (open box)... this fit the bill perfectly.		I put it in a 3 year old Dell Laptop which has a 4th Gen Intel i5 U series processor and 4GB (had a 2.5" 500GB Segate Thin HDD).  After upgrading to this Kingston SSD, the bootup time DRASTICALLY improved, and application launch times are now much faster. Overall system performance just feels 10 times faster.  I was going to upgrade the RAM as well, but I no longer feel that I need to (this laptop only gets used for light office productivity).
0,This Noctua heatsink is damn good.	it fits in my ASUS TUF Z270 Mark 1.	It is cool that you can tac on an extra fan on the back of the heat-sink.	Would be nice if they gave us 2 fans for this heat-sink at the same price $63.75.	I'm so going to get that extra fan.
0,Awesome item. Worked like a charm and seems to be excellent build quality.
0,First of all, I like the way it looks. I was almost about to trade this in for a furman but I'm really glad I didn't (they look ugly as heck). I have a lot of components, and I've built up a miniature audiophile system over the past year. I have an xbox, bdp, cdp, tt, phono preamp, headphone amp, integrated amp, cassette deck, tv, ttpsu, a bunch of crap. I had wires sticking up all over the place and I thought it looked pretty dangerous! I wanted to clean up the mess but also increase the quality of my system.		I did a lot of research on power strips at first. I looked at furman's small, cheap model that goes for 180, the monster blocks which all go below 200. WHATHIFI recommended some such british componentry but I didn't know if that stuff would be the correct voltage. At first I wanted to spend about 20-40 dollars, not thinking that power mattered all that much, but then you hear about how these cheaper units can compress dynamics, which is a black mark of death for audio. So I guess I could have bought a sub 100 dollar power strip and been done with it, but anything that was recommended had its detractors. I wanted a one time cure-all solution.		I then looked at the furmans at 200 and above et al. They've all got voltage counters and crazy gizmos, but I know that when there's a bunch of little lights and buttons, they didn't focus on the component itself, so probably cheap crap.		So I seriously considered the 200 furman (because I like to be cheap) and heck, even read up on the furman 15 pfi (a dealer really recommended this to me). The PS Audio Dectet is new, but the idea is not. There was a duet and a quintet, or quartet or something before this. If you want a power conditioner (glorified power strip) below a thousand, there's the unknown dectet, the 15pfi, and 20pfi, and a bunch of meandering strangers under 500 dollars, which you don't know if they'll compress dynamics or simply just explode as soon as you plug them in (I'm joking), so the dectet seemed a safe bet for as little money as possible.		I only picked up this dectet as the last piece of the puzzle of my system. As the manual will tell you, if you don't already have some good pcs plugged into your equipment (I use shunyata) you will introduce noise into the line with all your other equipment in respective zones. unless you can't or are told my respective manuals not to, you should upgrade power cables long before thinking of any kind of power conditioner, this is the LAST proverbial step, in my opinion.		So right now I have my integrated and phono preamp in the high current zone, my ttpsu and headphone amp in zone 1, and tv, cdp xbox bdp in zone 2. At first I thought the tv compressed the dynamics of the cdp on its respective line (zone), as they tell you it's not a good idea to mix audio with visual. Of course ps audio customer reps treat this a bit cavalierly, and I found out that a venom source pc cannot drive a 32 " flat screen samsung optimally, and this was bringing down everything with it. with the stock pc, though, the tv runs fine, as does the cd player. with a venom 3 on the tv, everything is still fine, likely because of the lower guage.	What can I say about the sound? everything runs smoothly. I noticed that plugging my phono preamp into the high current outlet makes all vinyl sound AMAZING. My tv looks great, and anything off netflix looks almost blu ray quality when I watch it. cd player sounds really good (I have this on a venom s). The dectet seems to clean the power so that i'm just hearing the component itself, without any interference or low noise from the ac.	Let me also mention that I have the whole thing hooked up (gulp) to an outlet with a shunyata hydra hc vtx. PS audio insists you use their cables (I've heard they're quite warm), and you can get an ac5 for about 200. My dealer really pushed shunyata on me though, and I already had my brio-r hooked up with a venom 3, so I figured why not stay with the guys I trust. Basically though, I think the principal is to hook up all your equipment on one of these with not only the heaviest gauge cable you can afford, but something better (in my opinion) than all of your equipments' power cords. I had never tried the hydra, but I can say that it helps the bass and low level hz part of the sound of all my music (or could it be the conditioner?). I never bothered to hook up the stock cable because I think that's a waste of time, and shame on you if you do that. I think you want one good pc to influence everything in your system, even for the stuff you can't replace pcs on, to give it as good a chance of sounding great as you can.		>>>proceeds to be unlazy and immediately experiment with all possible combinations :)		--I just unplugged my integrated (with the venom 3 on it) from the dectet and plugged it into the wall, with everything else intact on the dectet into the hydra, and it sounds (i'm shocked by this) horribly distorted, like there was a ton of sound in there besides the music. again, i'm surprised.		--I just put in the stock pc (in the dectet), with my integrated in the wall (again with venom 3 on the brio-r). same distortion. you'll only hear it if you've heard the sound without the distortion. head amp is surprisingly hard to drive with my grado 325is, I have to turn it up a lot more. of course I noticed this with a pro ject headbox s I had before, it suddenly drove my headphones effortlessly when plugged into the dectet with the hydra. basically I feel I'd have to turn everything up a lot more to get past the artifacts in the sound I'm hearing now. I realize why I had my amp turned up to 11 or 12 before. basically everything is a lot rougher now, like there's a chunk of haze on all of the music through low-mid-high registers, like the sun is being blocked out by darkness.		--plugging amp with venom into --stock pc on dectet-- is also loud and noisy, but now more blocked off than when I had integrated plugged into the wall.		--just for fun, I plugged the dectet into the wall with a venom 3, with the brio plugged into the dectet with the hydra. lots of power for the brio-r now, but still sounds really funky (no one should ever do this except to experiment). cymbals sound like paper and everything is really shut off. there's now an echo that's more noticeable. if you don't think you can hear the differences power makes, then experiment some time, you'll be surprised.		so I'm really surprised, even I had begun to think it was all a placebo effect. the ps audio dectet + hydra hc vtx is a pretty swingin' combination. I'll have to get a hydra for my integrated someday, but for now I'm quite satisfied. of course the hydra was made for shunyata's power conditioner (which goes about 1500-2000 dollars (gulp))so of course my combo works out pretty nice. I'd put at least an ac5 on the dectet if not higher, but I think if you have the money, a hydra (whatever length you get you don't want the pc dragging on the floor, I don't [and you'll notice at audio conventions people go to great lengths to make sure this doesn't happen]) is a pretty safe bet. I also put my dectet on top of my rack, don't put it on a carpet floor because static is BAD. You want the power source for all your equipment well ventilated and protected from ANY water or moisture (possible spills).		In conclusion I can easily hand out five stars, but realize you'll be buying an expensive power cord in addition to the dectet itself. running on the stock pc almost destroys the point of buying this, as you'll read in the manual, sadly, when you open the box on christmas day. The PS audio dectet is an exceptional starting point/entry level power conditioner for any system (with the right power cord).
0,Excellent glass screen protector at a very good price. Works great, installs well, just take your time, clean the screen well. Nice! I use this brand on my iPad pro, my iPad and my iPhone 6 Plus.
0,Bought this cable and good thing I did, as even though I had some old cable around the house, one was bad, and so the computer didn't recognize the network. I replaced the bad cable with this one, and worked perfectly.
0,Used in 15 inch MBP late 2011 and enabled trim. Satisfied with the performance.
0,Excellent! Thanks!
0,Excellent
0,I used this in conjunction with a 30 foot USB extender, works great for hooking up a projector and not having to sit next to it. It seems like no signal degradation.
0,I've lost original adapter but now I have replacement work better than before. even car charger too. what a deal.!
0,This is my 3rd Netgear Nighthawk router.  The original one I had is still good enough that I could keep using it, but upgrades in speed and range have prompted me to go ahead and replace the older ones.  In any case, I've had good experiences with all of them.  The upgrade in this model that prompted the move was the inclusion of "NETGEAR Armor Cybersecurity".  I actually haven't used a Netgear router on my network for a year now because I've been using Bitdefender's "BOX 2".  Before that, I had a Netgear router, but used in conjunction with their original BOX.  In both cases, I was pleased to have the extra layer of protection that BitDefender provided, but was sad to be limited in my network setup options.  BOX required that I disable the DHCP service in the NetGear router and use the BOX device instead and while you CAN do DHCP reservations, it was a very painful process.  BOX 2 replaces the router completely and I lost all kinds of functionality.  Was this little bit of extra security worth the functionality loss?  I was deciding not when this Netgear/Bitdefender partnership came along that combines the strengths of both devices into a single unit.  It almost seemed too good to be true.  Yes--I was in!		Setting up the router itself was pretty typical -- attach the antennas, unplug old device, plug in new device, log into new device, update the firmware, change admin credentials, change SSID and password, and then do whatever other optional things you fancy such as changing the subnet, adding any port forwarding, etc.  If you have set up a router before, this will all be very familiar and was as easy as could be expected.  A few notes on this process:	1) I liked that the first time you log in, the router makes you change the admin password.  While I would do it either way, an awful lot of people don't seem to realize this can/should be done and so they don't, which leaves their network wide open to all sorts of security issues.	2) After I updated the firmware, the next time I logged in, it said that it was still on the old version and that a new version was available.  I hit the "Check for updates" button again, and it said there were no updates available... right under the banner that said there were.  After fiddling around with it for a while, I finally just hard-powered off the router and restarted it.  Then it showed me as being on the new version and the update notice disappeared.  A slight annoyance, but no big deal, I guess	3) During the initial set up, I was very strongly encouraged to register my router by creating a NetGear account.  Fortunately, I already have a Netgear account, however, I usually get annoyed by this sort of thing, especially when it is presented as "you must do this now, or you will lose out on all these things".  When I'm setting the router up, I am going over a check list in my mind and having to be interrupted to do things that are important to you, but not so much to me is really just an irritation	4) Speaking of interruptions, I also got a pop up "Would you like to enable Circle With Disney?"  Well, yes, I did, but not at the moment.  I was able to dismiss that and keep doing what I was doing.  Then "Would you like to enable NETGEAR Armor?"  Well, again--yes, but I'm in the middle of doing something else.  Since these dialog boxes were easy to dismiss without giving the impression that I would never get the chance to do it again, it wasn't a big deal, but they were still disrupting my workflow.	5) I looked, but couldn't find anywhere to require https when logging into the router.  I also couldn't find anything about requiring you to be within the LAN to log in.  It may be there, but I couldn't find it.		Once I got my router configuration the way I wanted it, I went ahead and enabled NETGEAR Armor.  There was no fanfare or anything and I have yet to see any sort of evidence that it is doing anything.  BOX liked to brag about how it had blocked a suspicious script or was monitoring this and that.  I'm not seeing much on that here.  Not that I want it to be too chatty, but I'm curious what it is up to.  I also enabled Circle.  This also required downloading an app on my phone, agreeing to their terms, logging in and blah blah blah.  OK, done and done.  Next, I have to set up a profile for each user in the family and assign devices to them.  This was the hard part and it took forever.  Oh, setting up the profile and saying what filter you want, etc. was easy, but the hard part was identifying what devices were what.  Some of the devices are named in such a way that you can somewhat easily figure out what they are, but others... well, I still have no idea what some of them are and unless you can find a devices MAC and/or IP, you may never figure out what it is.  Things like "SHENZHEN Device", "Flextronics Device", and "White Device" are all still a mystery to me.  I did use my "attached devices" list on the router to match IP addresses to MAC addresses to help narrow things down--the Circle app shows a device's MAC, but not the IP and often the IP is easier to get.  HOWEVER, once I matched up a device in the list to a known physical device, I can rename it in the app and then it becomes trivially simple to assign it to a user, etc.  The interface is easy to navigate and, while the free version of the app is watered down quite a bit, it still offers the basic functions one could want.  I think it will work out just fine.		In short--the NETGEAR router itself is great and the added services, Circle and Armor seem promising, but I'll need to spend more time with them.  I do have good experience with BOX in the past and I expect little will have changed between iterations, but I cannot say yet.  I'll update if I get more info later.
0,I bought these 6x9s along with a pair of Discus tweeters and put them in my Malibu. My friends can hardly believe that I got both of these speakers for under a hundred bucks. The 6x9s are very clear all around, good (surprising) bass response, clear highs, no muddiness, just great sounding speakers. (This is behind an old Sony Xplod head unit.) The included hardware was of good quality and the packaging and presentation was also very nice; looking at everything you'd probably guess these speakers cost $120+. I guess they are made in China but obviously MB Quart has selected a factory that takes quality seriously. I'd say if you are looking for some good sounding, quality 6x9s but are on a tight budget, you can't go wrong with these speakers.
0,As usual, the OtterBox has held true to its claim.  I purchased this when I purchased my new HDX (so of course I wanted it protected).  Please note that it will add some weight to the lighter HDX.
0,Just  what I was looking for. Useful size at reasonable price. The features I need without those I don't. As a photographer, I always have one of my cameras at hand, so outside of Skye, I've no need for a tablet camera. What I was looking for was a way to review photos, a reader, GPS and Skype.
0,This keyboard-mouse combination worked great with my Raspberry Pi.  There are no lights on the keyboard, the mouse is a little small.  But, overall, this is a great bargain.  Battery life is great.
0,Just received this today and very happy with my purchase.  Love the yellow - it's just right.  Super cute and simple. My camera fit right in and the strap was easy to snap on.  It feels sturdy enough to protect the camera overall.  Thank you!
0,After recent failure of cheap flash drives I finally decided to spend the money on a good one.
0,This is a cool watch for the price.  My teen son really likes it.  The band is durable and goes on/off easily (silicone does tend to catch dust/lint).  He is quite small for his age and has a very small wrist and it fits him well, but has many holes to fit just about any size.  The display seems a little dim for my taste, but doesn't bother my son at all.  He has had it for about six months now and he wears it daily.  He pairs it with his iPod 5th gen and uses it for texts, music, etc.  Holds charge for a few days, depending on use, and charges quickly.  Very happy with this watch!
0,No complaints. Arrived quickly and works like a champ.
0,This is really a terrific product. I'm a Mac user and it installed without a hitch. The hardware is simple to hook up, truly idiot-proof, and the user interface for the program is dead-on intuitive. The process for video capture is completely straight forward, and should be able to be used by even a novice computer user. Unfortunately, there are no trouble shooting tools so, if you run into a problem with the audio or video, there really isn't anything you can do other than to check your connections and hope for the best.		I subtracted a star for two reasons. First, you can do just about anything with the finished video capture *except* burn it to a DVD. For that, you need a third-party application like Toast, or iDVD. In my opinion, that functionality should have been built-in, or the program should scan your drive during the software installation to see which DVD burning programs are installed and then offer to send it there, as it does with iMovie, iTunes, and YouTube.		The second reason I deducted a star is that this is a resource-intensive program. You can do other things while you're capturing video, but very slowly. I suspect that's to do with the disk and CPU being in constant use, but a potential user who has only one computer with which to work should be aware of the degradation in performance while the program is capturing video.		I am an Apple TV (second generation) user, and by importing the video captures into iTunes, which EVC will do automatically, you can then stream them to your large screen TV, as well as watch them on your computer. Well worth the time and effort to take all those tapes that sit idly in the credenza, and that are never watched, and use EVC to convert them into digital format. By the way, if you're wondering, EVC converts all video to MP4 file.		In summary, a good, basic product for the money, but if burning to DVD is your ultimate goal, you will still need other software to do it.
0,bought specially for my FiOS STB
0,I make a lot of dvds from old movies on tv for my collection.  I look for the best deals.  Usually the Amazon brand is the best buy and work well, but lately their price has skyrocketed so has to shop around.  These are working well so far and will continue to shop around for the best price.  I may be back.
0,extended battery life as described. good fit to the radio and the charging station. still fits in a radio pouch
0,Really enjoyed the quality and name brand at a lower price. I have not noticed a difference between this and Apple's charger, and the cheap-o ones I've bought for under $5 each have all broken almost immediately. Good way to get a spare or replace the Apple cord without paying the Apple price.
0,It works great!  I just wish it didn't need to be plugged directly into the SATA Port on my motherboard.  It would have been better to just plug the SATA cable into this circuit board as the power cable does...
0,Used this with the apple tv. It worked perfectly. Thanks!
0,Very sturdy, well crafted, strong, and even came with HDMI cable and ample hardware. Very solid purchase overall, and would recommend to friends and family.
0,AAA
0,Works like the original
0,Received my pocket wizard case and it's bigger than i thought.  Seems to be of great quality and works fine for what i need it.. To protect my pocket wizards.  I am pleased.
0,works great
0,These are amazing.  Best I've used so far saving the Apple Pencil.
0,Great camera bag!
0,These are fantastic.
0,Fits a huge 17" laptop (though just barely), and has tons and tons of space left over. Water has never been a problem, though I don't think it's officially waterproof. I've been using it over a year and it looks and performs the same as the day I bought it. I've had more expensive backpacks start to fall apart in that time.		The bottom stabilization feature doesn't do much, and is useless with more than a small amount of weight in the pack, but I always imagined that was more a gimmick than a feature, so I don't really care.		Totally recommended.
0,Works perfectly!
0,I am loving these gloves. I stand on the cold train station in zero temps and can still use my phone or iPad. I can touch the screen with ease and no issue having it not detect. I love how thin they are since I can pull keys out of bag, work my backpack, etc without  having to expose my fingers to direct weather. I have larger gloves that I put on over these gloves when it is really cold. Then when I'm using the phone I drop the outer glove.
0,Works much better than the last tv tuner I had (which was a lot more expensive as well. I hooked it up to cable no problem. I also use it to display a PS3 on a laptop screen (through the yellow standard video connection). If you want it for this reason, you also need something for audio. I use a "Manhattan 6 inches Stereo Splitter-3.5mm Jack to 2-RCA Jacks Audio Adapter"
0,I bought these to get away from my USB-headphone dongle and never looked back!	Great earphones at an affordable price. As advertised features. Fit really well. Enjoyable sounds, even on an airplane. Good quality build. Love the travel pouch!
0,No complaints
0,The card works great.  I just installed the card, turned the PC back on and started using it.  The card was a little difficult to insert but it fit securely.  The card was also an upgrade from my original order.  I ordered a legacy card for older pre-Windows XP computers with the drivers on a cd.  This card did not come with a cd and was labeled for Windows XP and above.  For the very low price I'm not complaining about the upgrade.		I chose this simple card because cards with more than 2 ports and internal shared ports were getting bad reviews and I wanted a stable card for an older machine that could transfer data at the usb 2.0 speeds.  This card does that exactly.
0,Just what I'm looking for	Amazing
0,Excellent
0,Perfect!
0,I really with Microsoft was still making these.  I have never found any other pointing device that is so comfortable, accurate, fast, and easy to use.  I can't use a regular mouse because of injuries, and can't use a touchpad because of nerve damage, and a finger-trackball (as opposed to this thumb-trackball) gets painful rapidly for me.  These, simply put, rock, and make using a computer far, far easier than anything else I've used.  Even if you don't have to use one to avoid pain, they're still far better than a mouse in my experience.
0,I chose these to use at my workout. The "background music" is so loud that my earbuds couldn't filter it out when I listened to my	I-Pod.  But these work great and the sound is wonderful.
0,-Signal distance seems to be lacking, sound cuts out on occasion or makes static etc.	-Sounds great when it's not losing signal or occasionally tripping up.	-As it is a single speaker, volume and quality will suffer in a big or noisy environment such as a restaurant kitchen.	-Bring the party with you yoooooo.
0,I find it pretty remarkable that such a great looking little external drive has so much storage and is so efficient.
0,Have not had to use the plan but we are glad to know that it is there if we do
0,This is an excellent product.  It makes such sense to have a binder and a keyboard in one package.  No brainer as far as I'm concerned.  Good quality, works perfectly.
0,I use this every day to film with and it is still working perfectly after MANY MANY drops and bumps. No troubles. Picture is great and the purple is amazing!
0,well engineered piece of metal that gets the job done as expected.
0,I'm so glad I finally found an adapter which works with the Surface Pro. This was cheaper than the shoddily made cable I purchased and works much better in addition to being far more attractive.
0,A little thinner and "flimsier" than the stuff I had before but it will do the job. Ran 12/2 brake wire thru it on my camper. Don't think it would fit anything bigger.
0,They are wonderful ear buds.  Comfortable to wear, they seal out most extraneous noise, including the sound made by traffic when I walk on city sidewalks.  The sound quality is excellent, rivaling my Bose Quiet Comfort 3 ear phones.
0,good quality easy to use
0,This screen protector was as described. Went on effortlessly. Too bad I'm selling my Kindle Fire. I recommend this protector. I'm getting one for my HD.
0,Love it, good size and nice picture screen don't see anything wrong with it. Its perfect!!!
0,I use many slingboxes at my job.  We have had a few of these power adapters die.  This one works the exact same as the original power adapters.
0,Perfect for holding your cards and keeping them dry.
0,It's awesome!! Does the job perfectly and is super handy
0,It has great, clear sound and the volume cranks pretty high for it's size. I also have a Jawbone, it does not get as loud as the Jawbone, but the sound is more clear and the price is much better. When at its highest volume level, the sound fills my entire first floor. The set up is easy and the size is perfect for travel, plus is came with a card case that has a magnetic closure for even easier portability. I can get about 8 hours of consistent use after a full charge, or if i'm working in one area, I can leave it plugged in and go all day.
0,Awesome and way much better than Apple's.  It's very sturdy built.
0,I had this Bluetooth speaker for a month now. I have to say overall I've been happy with it. The reception has been really good in my 2 story home with plaster walls. It's also a great alternate speaker for my laptop when watching television and films on it with the included line input wire. Wish it had an FM Radio option like my previous Bluetooth speaker. But the sound output and reception make up for the missing option. I would recommend this to a friend if they asked what Bluetooth speaker to listen to podcast and audio books on.
0,OK I know this model is approaching vintage. That said I love it.		The first one I had stayed unopened in my closet for years. I was too intimidated to learn digital.  I learned to use it in 2010 and used it for about 3 mos. Took the card out to download pictures one day and when the card was re inserted, the camera would not power up. Tried everything including a web search. Nothing worked. Sent in to Olympus, I loved it so much. Begged them to repair it...Beyond economical repair, no parts, according to Olympus. I cried.		Went on e bay and got this camera for about $25.00 including postage. Have loved it ever since. It is so easy to operate. The pictures cannot compare with the mega pixel models of today. No, it does not have image stabilization and bells and whistles that everyone thinks they need to get a great photo. If you are not enlarging your pictures beyond 8 x 10 you don't need mega pixels anyway. I have just ordered another one of this model. Just in case my e bay model decides to stop working one day, I want to have a back up. I now have 6 or 7 other digital cameras of varying mega pixels and optical zooms, but I always pick up this camera first.		We had a canebreak rattle snake in our driveway headed to our golf cart over the weekend. The macro helped me ID the late snake to a T. (too dangerous to let him live since I have 5 rescue dogs)		When they made this model, they put quality into the camera. Not so today unless you spend a small fortune. Love,Love,Love this camera.
0,Good product, good service.
0,Good buy.
0,I bought this as a cheaper trusted seller alternative to the Apple cable for my iPhone 5-ish. It works great. The materials seem sufficiently durable. The black color goes with the black iPhone (and black case) better than does the white Apple cable.
0,Good.
0,Good brand ... As for what is needed ... Thanks
0,Great protection AND waterproof! What else can I ask for?	The zipper area can get wet though.
0,My daughter love this product. I gave it to her for Christmas and she really enjoy it. Great gift for her.
0,This flash seems to do everything I need it to. I plan on using it off-camera since I already have an SB-700 that I could use on-camera if needed, but the option is there to use it on-camera.  The controls are intuitive and easy to navigate, and it gives off plenty of light - even when I was using it with a softbox.  I plan to typically use it with the Phottix Strato II triggers, and it works well in that system.
0,Made very well.
0,Well made and well priced. I used it for a Windows tablet (full Windows 10) and it worked out great. I also have one for my Galaxy S7 and it is more than enough space. There are many out there that are fake and at first glance it could appear that way due to the SD adapter being made in China but the actual micro SD card is made in Korea as it should be. Great buy!
0,This is an awesome sound bar. You will not be disappointed. The sound that comes from this small sub is unreal!
0,A good product
0,Perfect!
0,This is a must have when using any camera. The built in flashes are horrible.
0,The fishes were much smaller than pictured.	The case was very solid.	Pretty good.		I got the case for the fish, otherwise I could just get a black case. So -1 star for that. Otherwise it's a good case.
0,the lower end version of logitech remotes but still hits the spot for a tv without too many components connected or without a receiver.  Worth the few extra bucks for a lower end universal since Logitech is always consistent about updating their model database and cheaper universals that cannot have codes updated run the risk of needing replacement as devices are updated.  Quick and easy set up and works well (though you can only set up one "activity", you can still control multiple devices)
0,Does what I needed!
0,The cases are just what I ordered, complete with silver Blu~Ray logo. Only wish they wee made in 7mm, to sane space and shipping. Will buy again, if I can't find a better price or more quantity, and 7mmm in size.
0,Work perfectly with the stylus for my Wacom Intuos CTL490.	A bit on the pricey side for 5 tiny pieces of plastic though.
0,Works great so far and will work nicely to take pictures of the whole family!
0,Plugged in and it works
0,After playing with the controls, I finally figured out how to make this work with my Nikon 5300.  The instructions for use are the real weakness as it wasn't clear that you have to set the interval long enough to allow the camera to focus and take the picture.  This roughly was about 4-5 seconds between shots for my setup to make it work correctly with autofocus enabled.  Setting the interval shorter than that made me initially think that I had a defective shutter release as the camera would focus but would not take a picture.  The ability to use this on my other cameras is a great bonus as the kit comes with many different adapters.  I really like the remote's flexibility and don't regret the purchase.
0,Outstanding case! If fit my SSD perfectly and I have it plugged into the PC all the time! I love it, it's compact and sits right on top of my PC tower.
0,I am really happy with this Mp3 player. It has plenty of room to hold all my favorite songs. I listen to it every time I go to the gym.  I like the touch screen. The unit has plenty of volume. It also has an FM tuner. It holds photos,it is also a recorder and you can also read ebooks. The one thing I wish it had was a clip so I can attach it to my gym shorts or shirt.
0,Very good make, fits nicely, hard and sturdy. It protects your inspiron from surface scratches but I don't think it will do much if it falls.
0,This thing is a monster -- read performance alone its amazing how much faster it is.  One example on a RHEL7.2 install:		/dev/nvme0n1:	 Timing O_DIRECT cached reads:  2674 MB in  2.00 seconds = 1336.47 MB/sec	 Timing O_DIRECT disk reads: 5512 MB in  3.00 seconds = 1837.28 MB/sec		Compared to a Crucial MX300 (https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01IAGSDJ0/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o09_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1) on the same board:		/dev/sda:	 Timing O_DIRECT cached reads:  956 MB in  2.00 seconds = 477.21 MB/sec	 Timing O_DIRECT disk reads: 1348 MB in  3.00 seconds = 449.23 MB/sec		This is on an Intel NUC NUC6i7KYK:  https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01DJ9XS52/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o08_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
0,Bought it as a lens protector. The price was affordable and reasonable. Will buy again if I ever need another lens protector.
0,Works well - I spent more to get original equipment and I'm happy with the way it works.  So much better than charging in the device.
0,Just what the description said. Great product
0,Working great in my sons phone for about a year now.
0,I love TCL brand tv's. They make an honestly good product for less!  I understand with the size of this tv and the quality screen and price why there is no Roku built into this model, but it sure would be nice.	Great company and awesome picture!  Very worth the price!
0,great product
0,1/20/2013  UPDATE	This is an update to my original review. We just rebuilt the computer this SSD is in and now it is on a SATA6 port, the read/write is about double now then when it was on the SATA 2 port, its still about 50mps slower then the Samsung 840 though. It got a 8.0 rating from windows performance index		--------------	This is my second SSD drive, I have a Samsung 840 500 gig in my computer, I got this drive for my wifes computer. The data transfer  cable and software that came with it worked flawlessly, I loved that part about it. I was bale to clone her boot drive, then hooked up the SSD and it all worked.		Performance wise, I ran the same benchmark software that came with my Samsung drive on hers, and the read/write was only about half of what the Samsung drive was getting. Now, I do not know how much this is attributed to the crucial drive and how much is her computer. Her computer is a 3 yr old dell XPS 435MT (i7, 2.66 ghz quad core)with 12 gigs of memory and sata 2,  The crucial M4 is showing a read of 195 Mps and write of 221 Mps, my Samsung 840 shows read of 480 mps and write of 307 mps, my system is a 3.6 ghz, sata 3. But the speed is nowhere near the Samsung SSD.
0,That's about it. It works well out of the box, no issues at all. Would get another if the need arises.
0,I was attracted to this device for 2 reasons: to protect my camera screen, and to shade that screen while outdoors in bright sun... where I take most of my photos. This is excellent !  I have caused several of my friends to get some for their cameras.
0,Was as advertised
0,A nice product at a nice price. It's easy to adjust and comfortable and does exactly what I wanted it to do.
0,great
0,have problems with electronic interference causing temp loss of picture I don't know if this is the problem or if it is my projector hdmi port. over all it works.		side of unit doesn't fit many wall boxes.
0,I have a Visonic powermax pro, needed a couple additional contacts for some other windows...  easily paired with my control panel and got up an running in minutes.
0,I've purchase about 5 or 6 of these (two packs) for myself, parents and in laws.  Inexpensive, easy to use, and because it's HDMI, it either works or it doesn't.  No need to purchase high end cables.  Need some research, google "why all hdmi cables are the same cnet" and see why.  Save yourself some money and buy these cables.  You will literally never see a difference between inexpensive cables and expensive ones.
0,I just received my ANC7B's and had to try them on. Before I plugged them in to a source, I put them on and hit the switch. I wasn't even aware the refrigerator was running until the sound disappeared! I then plugged them in to a metal detector and every sound made by that machine was distinct and clearly distinguishable. I'm going to try to find a more robust coiled cord. The supplied cords don't look like they will take my kind of abuse in the field.
0,I bought the Lumix FX30S for my wife to replace her dead 3mp point and shoot. I like the straight forward intuitive menus and functions and it took an 8gb SD card with no problem. The 28mm lens is a great and overall the lens does focus well and quickly. The IS feature works well and allows an extra stop or so of no flash low light shooting. The output is excellent and considering it's Leica counterpart is several hundred dollars more this little Pany is a ridiculous bargain.  One caveat, this is a point and shoot and like all it's brethren is meant to be a fun and easy option for casual photos. If that is what you are after you will have a hard time doing better and could easily spend more and do worse.
0,The small accessory hard drive does everything expected of it.  Pocket sized, it goes anywhere and always works flawlessly.  Great value.
0,As always Pioneer equipment works as advertised. Have not tested the Nero software yet, but NERO is a good name brand product.
0,Love it, what to keep my screen protected and this is it......
0,I bought this for more mobility options versus my ASUS 17.3" Republic of Gamer's Laptop which is too heavy and bulky to carry around everywhere, especially when 80% of 17" laptop Backpacks claim to carry 17s but actually struggle with fitting Asus's 17.3" laptops. Instead of Paying $200 for a backpack, I got an awesome upgrade in a 2-1 Laptop from ASUS. It comes with Windows 10 already pre-installed, 4 GB of RAM which  most tables come only with 1-2 GB of ram and the Quality of ASUS has always been superb... Keep up the innovation and Slimmer/Lighter Designs ASUS...Ordered a 128GB Micro SD card which should hold me some until the bigger Micro SD's become cheaper and then I will upgrade my SD cards.. Best small 10" 2-1 to come close to matching the Needs of Microsoft Surface... Can't wait til ASUS make this same type of product with i3-i7 to match surface power as such a more inexpensive price...
0,does what its supposed to do, after some research found out the vga don't support 1920x1080 and need a converter to do so. Nonetheless does as advertised though the audio cable doesn't work with my tv/monitor	Edit: Goes up to 1600x1200 on a Coby Led TV/Monitor
0,received it on time I'm very happy with the product.
0,Does exactly what it should. Ripped my vids into ISOs and plays them with DVD quality. Has played every video and audio format I have received including audio FLAC files. You can even drag and drop from you PC once you add to your network. I don't use the web browser at all, I use my Roku or Apple TV instead. Added a 3 TB hard drive and have been up and running in no time.
0,Good deal for the price. Directions were a little confusing but reviews helped. Stays in place while exercising and driving. Sound is good.
0,I purchased this to mount an Oculus Rift Sensor...It works perfectly! I wanted something that could telescope my 2nd sensor (soon to be 3rd) in the opposite corner of my play space while maintaining a small footprint. I have had tripods in the past (with my Vive actually) and it works great but the area covered by the three legs was annoying and prohibited placement for my given area.		This monopod stand is fantastic! Initially I unscrewed everything on accident while I was trying to figure out the mechanics of the stand and it came apart. I had to put it back together which was harder then it should have been thanks to plastic spacers between the extendable poles. Anyway once I figured out how the stand worked I mounted the sensor. FYI: the thread initially is too large by default. You must unscrew the bolt and flip it upside down and re-thread it into the stand for the proper 1/4 thread size the rift occupies. Once the sensor was mounted, I zip-tied the cable to the stand and I was done! One last thing to note is the foot on the stand rotates like a ball-and-socket joint (like your shoulder) and once the rift sensor was mounted, it would easily waver. You simply need to lock the foot in place and the stand becomes rock solid and there is zero movement.		With the sensor mounted and the cables zip-tied the entire stand is extremely light!		My only negative would be I wished it telescoped to 84" so my rift sensor could be looking down on my playspace at a greater angle. It's also expensive for what I am using it for. I only needed one, but if you need 2 or 3 you're looking at a lot of money for an accessory mount to an already expensive VR setup.		If you're looking for an excellent stand solution (with a minimal footprint) for the Oculus rift sensor look no further!
0,Clarity is awesome in my 2011 Mitsubishi Lancer
0,I have a transformer table after a month my charger was acting up... it will not charger my tablet and keyboard finally if died after hours of looking for a solution of what was going on, It was a bad charger so I did a bit of research and found out that asus charger have a protection chip in it that is faulty and it will kill the charger from charging, they have solution of putting it the freezer for a few hours in a plastic bag, WELL what a waste of time, the only thing I had to do was to buy this item above... Well as soon as I plugged it to the tablet MAGIC I was back in control and the tablet starting charging like when it was new... look no where else. thank you I hope this helps you out if you have any problems with Asus charger... which there famous for not charging which there job, JRA
0,Great scanner, and compact too.
0,The Sennheiser Momentum on-ear's are the best on-ear phones I've ever used. They are rated at the very top at  http://www.innerfidelity.com/	They need at least 50 hours of burn-in as all fine headphones do. Just set them to a good listening level on a 24 hour internet radio station or any continuous music source you have and just set them aside to play for a couple days. (listen first and then you'll hear them open up after burn-in)	I have 30 years experience as a radio and television engineer and I've spent countless hours listening on headphones professionally. If you wear	glasses as I do you'll benefit from adjusting them lower on your ear so they don't pinch your upper ear on the glasses frame. They remain comfortable for hours of listening and don't have apprehension to bending the aluminum headband carefully to fit comfortably. When you have a good fit check yourself in a mirror to see that the cups are parallel to the side of your head to allow the cups to swivel for best seal to your ear.
0,I don't always like lugging my good pair of binocs with me since they're relatively heavy, so I was looking for a good pair of compact binocs that I could keep handy for wildlife viewing & field work.  I considered some of the top end compacts, but the fear of loss/damage made me think about looking for good glass under $200 - these Alpens fit the bill.  They feel solid, the glass is very sharp for the price point, the FOV is good, adequate eye relief for use with glasses, easy to use retractable eye cups & they're easy to focus, with a smooth-operating knob on the outer part of the hinge.  No lens covers (compacts generally don't come with them), but they come with a strapped nylon case and a neoprene/nylon neck band. Of course, with the small objective lenses, these aren't low-light situations, but for general viewing, I've found them quite good: they pack easily so I can always have them with me.
0,This Radio is great, has so many features. I always buy pioneer because most of time, you really get a well built product for the money. I previously had the AVH 3600BHS before upgrading to this one. this a great radio, and i even got rid of my EQ as the radio has a Better EQ and more options then my old Clarion 7-band EQ.
0,Its too small!  I lost mine!
0,I've only been using this a couple weeks, but it's working great so far.
0,The controls aren't as fast as a Roku but other than that nitpick it works fine.
0,I started with this one but better buy MEGA by the same seller same IEIK brand to get more features
0,Versatile and protective for camera body and lens!
0,Great price for cables, working well and no kinks or shorts
0,You can't really go wrong for the price. Best used for documents/surfing. Can be used for movies but it doesn't do black well. OK for games but again dark scenes show its weakness. Colours are passable. The other issues people mention are minor really.
0,Nice keyboard Been nicer if have a mouse pad..
0,First of all, please note that this is NOT a keyboard for your TV.  It's for the PC connected to your TV.  So it's basically a Windows keyboard.  The product title is very clear but it could be misconstrued as a TV keyboard.  It might work with a TV directly, but it's not meant for such use.		This is much better made than the K400 (not K400 Plus) that I have.  Both the keyboard and touchpad works smoothly and are very comfortable to use.  The connection is easy and it's definitely plug and play using the dongle that comes with it.  I'm using it at about 20 feet away from my TV (with the mini-PC installed hidden behind the TV) and there's notconnection issue at all.		My old K400 feels so cheap, but there were no other better choices those days to find a full size keyboard with touchpad like this.  I feel so jealous to see the Apple keyboards of the same style that came out so sleek and high quality.  Now I am glad that they made K410 in a much better quality.  (It can still be better, but for the price, I guess I can't ask for more.)		I think the touchpad can be bigger, since there is an empty space under the touchpad, which is unused and wasted.  Just a thought.		For those who want a couch potato keyboard with touchpad, I recommend it!
0,Great finish and super durabiliity.
0,the RCA males were as described came in there very good short. Time and enjoying it very much
0,My daughter who was leaving to make a trip from Texas to Florida bought this Garmin nvi 1450LMT. She said it was very easy to setup and use. LMT = Free Life time Maps and Traffic updates as long as you own this GPS. At first we tried to update the maps and we thought it was trying to charge us. Then we finally found the Free updates. This was a little confusing at first. They should make it easier to find the Free updates. Other than that she really likes her new GPS.
0,100% recommended!!!
0,great wire a little big end on it for flat wall mount and I wish different colors were in the pack to make it easy to identify
0,Our three year old ASUS Netbook began to function erratically and, after a bit of research, we chose the ACER. Although we have used it for only a few days, our initial impression is very positive! It operates very smoothly. The screen is a comfortable size. The keyboard is quite satisfactory; and it opens web sites rapidly (we have broadband and use a Cisco WRT400N router.) The speakers are not impressive, but the webcam is better than the Logitech which we have on our desktop PC.	A few more weeks' use might change our opinion, but if current experience continues, this will have been a fine choice.
0,Easy to setup, works as advertised, excellent range over wireless connection, works well with Netflix service over WiFi and wired connections.
0,Great item.  Thanks		Clet
0,I first started with the 320GB version, then upgraded to the 500GB Hybrid drive. Finally got this 750GB with 6gb/s dropped in my 2012 MacBook Pro and in one word, it's AWESOME! Doing good so far. Love the SSD like boot ups. I highly recommend this drive for anyone who wants speed and storage.
0,Always charged and ready to go.
0,No complaints!
0,Purchased this for my senior citizen father to use as an e-reader and media device while undergoing chemo.  The device is easy to use and never gave my technically intermediate father any trouble.  He is still using it today post-chemo.
0,Good inexpensive manual lens.  Works great on my Sony a6300.  Shard focus, deapth depth control.
0,The is great it i jus what you need for a SONY ERICSSON WALMAN.	I wanted a 4gb but went for 8gb. this is a great product.
0,I purchased this filter exclusively for my Fuji 60mm macro lens.	 I have no complaints.
0,The only cable to use with the FJ Cruiser Bandi Mount setup, this sure made running the cable for the install up to the front of the FJ easy.
0,My kindle fire 8.9 was a gift from hubby and like all my expensive toys (that is what my husband calls my electronics) I have to make sure they are well protected and what better product to use Poetic. It was different and it had the appearance I was looking for and the price was reasonable also and it does not hurt that the seller has excellent customer service. My tablet fits the case perfectly, I was worried that it would have fallen out but it fits securely into the case. This is a definite recommend.
0,Still working great!
0,It was expensive, but worth it for what I do. Now that more powerful cpus are coming out with amds threadripper, the choice as a consumer is going to be very difficult. Hopefully prices, match the processors we get.
0,Very good matte non-glare finish. I use the iPad to write hand-written notes (with Apple Pencil or stylus) and this film gives additional friction to mimick a paper writing surface. I managed to apply without bubbles, which required utmost care.
0,Like it alot.
0,This is the best photo purchase I have made in a while. It came on time and delivered more than I expected.  Not only do the flashes work well and together but I now have a remote trigger for my camera.  There are also cables with the kit that I have no idea what they do but I am still learning.	Included is my 1st selfie with the flash kit and remote trigger.  On flash on camera and one to the right side.
0,I went with this one instead of paying 2.5 x's more for the 128GB. Works great in my Samsung Galaxy Series smartphone.
0,Great product great price  quality product will buy more if and when I need more  I have bought other HDMI cables for a lot more and these are the best at a much better price
0,Xfinity got this registered very fast and our internet is steady and so fast now! Replaced a Motorola docsis 3.0 surfboard.
0,Used it to convert some old VHS tapes to DVD and so far so good.  Minor clinch with my screen power saver but I found an easy fix.
0,Who need hard drive?	I do not	This small things holds all my archives and installations from most of my important apps.
0,Not tge smoothest movement. Not ideal for even light gaming. But, great for work. I love how it flattens ti turn off. It would be better if you could charge via usb.
0,Wasn't what I thought I ordered, but liked  the case and key board!  The case is not flimsy!  I enjoy my tablet more in the case.
0,Good price good quality I bought this reflector for my daughter when she was starting her photography explorations. It has held up well and the reflectors seem to work as well as some of the much more expensive reflectors.
0,Great product ... This is a must have for anyone that has a 16GB iPhone. This Micro SD to Lightning adapter is MFI certified so will work all Apple devices that have a lightning port without any errors.		I am using this with a 200GB Micro SD card without any issues.		With this adapter i can Easily offload and transfer content to or from your iPhone or iPad with a MicroSD card.. The Lexar app is not great but decent and does the job.		Very happy with this Micro SD to Lightning adapter.
0,This was the best option I had found on amazing for a new umbrella bracket to replace the cheap plastic ones that came with my light stand. It is all metal and for the price it just cant be beat
0,A little small for what I wanted.  Tried this for use for another product and it didn't quite do the job.
0,Excellent range and signal, even in our strangely laid out house. Physical set up is a breeze. The software end of things is a little clunky/non-intuitive, but once it is set up it works beautifully. Overall very pleased.
0,This is a must have for fill flash or back lite shots, The stock unit is not much more then a toy flash. As an outdoor photographer I must have a good bright flash and this has more the twice the flash power over the little stock unit.
0,it already time to upgrade , it provides the power that is needed
0,we had an old picture frame that wasn't working anymore so we bought a new more up to date one with.
0,This is a low-end keyboard, and it is fine.  It seems durable and the key action is fast and satisfying enough.  When I'm shopping for a low-end keyboard, that's all I'm looking for.  It is completely standard in every way as far as available buttons and layout go.  No palm-rest (I always take them off anyway).
0,Great product as it just works!
0,I love that there are high output ports on this charger. Been using it for over a year.		I've used it quite regularly, and it's a great size for travel. Everyone can plug in to one outlet at once -- and all we need to carry are the cables -- we don't need to bring four separate chargers.
0,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Griffin-Black-Blue-Survivor-All-Terrain-Case-Belt-Clip-for-iPod-touch-5th-6th-gen/dp/B00CIMXP5K/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Griffin Black/Blue Survivor All-Terrain Case + Belt Clip for iPod touch (5th/ 6th gen.)</a>		This case is very heavy duty. For the price you can't beat it. I am a otter box junky but this case rivals their quality. My boys beat these cases up and not a scratch on the device. Product arrived quickly and no hassles.
0,Excellent quality and fast. It's much faster than another Gigabit D-Link switch it replaced.
0,When I got this and tried it, I could not copy over any file that was more than 4GB.  I had to do some research and found its formatted to FAT32.  Go to the Sandisk forum and it will show you how to update the drive to allow bigger file sizes.
0,Great product at a fair price.
0,works just a bit confusing
0,It worked! I was trying to convert the Optical Audio port on Amazon Fire TV to the 3.5 jack because I watch with my monitor, and obviously there's no speaker on the normal HP 27" monitor. When I was loosing my hope, thinking I'd have to buy an expensive home theater system and sound system which would probably cost at least ~200; this saves the day. It works awesomely at this moment and I hopes it will continue like this. Love it!
0,My daughter uses this to read in the car without distracting me. It works great and she likes it. Good value, too.
0,Great lens for the price. If using for video it does have "breathing" issue but for the price it's really decent.
0,Been using it almost a year now, can't complain it's well made.
0,This kit was really nice and the only one I could find that wasn't overly expensive while still having the power cable being part of the kit. Most kits just have the ports to hide all non power cables and you aren't supposed to run an extension cable behind the wall like that. I have recommended this kit to multiple people since installing it in my living room. Very good quality.
0,i looked for a while on here  a few days ago and it was hard to find a small round case for wireless headphones, this is just what i needed.  Others were too small this was only one i saw, thanks for the product!!
0,Does as described. Good quality and great price.
0,Charges fast and holds a lot of juice. Wish it had more USB ports but not by any chance a deal breaker.
0,Putting this in my quad-core macbook pro made a WORLD of speed difference... It boots up in about 4 seconds and programs load insanely fast.  Can't wait for them to get even cheaper so I can put a bigger one in!
0,was absolutely great for about a year, then it randomly stopped working.
0,Now I can quickly and easily update road hazards along my route.		Using this with my Seidio holster-encased HTC One M7 as a dashboard mount to monitor my commute with Waze.  Unlike in the product photo with a naked phone, the side arm clips have little room to spare with my encased One; but over several weeks of use it hasn't lost its grip.		More expensive than most but also more adjustable which I why I got this model.  Unfortunately the base doesn't swivel so, for best view, be sure to mount it at the correct angle on the vertical axis.  I keep the charging cord attached in the car, so two hands needed to place and remove phone; minor inconvenience.		Update 9/15: Unfortunately the Seidio case I'm using on my new HTC One M9 has a moulded bulge for its built-in kickstand.  This interferes with this dash mount so only the two side arms get a good grasp of the M9.  The right side clamp grabs the M9's power button located on the side of the phone interfering with its use.  Plus the base support of this holder is too short to fully seat my Seidio encased M9.  No stars subtracted since this was originally bought for my M7.
0,This item works pretty well and is a good solution for splitting one hdmi port for 3 inputs.  the auto-change feature i don't think works perfectly which is my reason for 4 stars instead of 5, but for the price this does the trick.  it has held up for almost a year now which is a plus, so i would recommend.  I use to to split one hdmi between cable box, Roku, & DVD Player. the remote is a little bootleg looking but again it does the trick.
0,Very low cost and extremely easy & quick to assemble.  I like that it's out of my way until I need it, which is far less frequently these days.
0,Very happy with this AirPlay speaker. Easy to set up, looks great and sounds awesome. Only downside is that now my wife wants another....
0,I own six flashes and this diffuser will fit all but one. Very good alternative to the expensive ones.
0,I haven't had any issues at all with this thing. My Internet speed is fast and this thing was easy to install. Get one for you custom computer too!
0,Super Easy to operate.  For 20 bucks these are the best deal in town.  I can tell they have great customer service also because I just received an email from a person within their customer service department, and she basically told me they have a hassle free 12 month warranty...and usually if headphones last 12 months ,  they will usually last 2 or 3 years.  So I'm looking forward to using these soundpeats !  Will update if anything goes wrong.  But as of right now,  i'm more than satisfied.  They connect to bluetooth super easy, and the sound quality is great !
0,I love it, I take everywhere I go.
0,What did you say?  I can't hear you because it's LOUD!!! REALLY LOUD over here!  This box has got the sound your looking for if you want to jam out.  It's hockey season over here and the locker room is buzzing from the intense bass!  The constant boom, boom, and boom, and I'm on the other side of the rink!  Blue-tooth makes this great with any phone.  A bit heavy, but not for a teenager.
0,Awesome product!
0,works great
0,Works great.
0,Get's the job done.
0,If you have a smart phone you need one of these. I bought an Iphone 6 plus but only got 16 gb. I didn't want to waste money on higher storage but then wow low storage hit. I found this wireless flashdrive by SanDisk and problem solved. I keep all documents pictures and music on my SanDisk which added 32 gb of storage to my phone. It connects just like a wifi device and with their app it connects effortless. Got a cell phone running out of space this is for you. Wanting to buy a new smart phone but can't afford the larger gb storage get one of these for a lot cheaper. I love this device so much I show my friends and now most of them have bought one as well. IT IS THAT AWESOME!
0,Worked as expected no errors
0,Amazing sound quality considering the price. Very comfortable. I highly recommend them.
0,I use it in my car stereo to play mp3s and I like how small it is, doesn't project out so not concerned about snapping it off.  Works as expected.
0,Perfect, Just as promised. Super fast delivery. Great Quality.
0,needs power. works
0,Loved it.  It fit nicely.
0,My son has owned these headphones before and loved them. Unfortunately they experienced a bad end when they accidentally met the bottom of his shoe. The price is great and he's happy.
0,Love this video card, Kills everything in its path, usually get all my games higher than 70 + fps to 140..(mostly older games)  depending on game haha		But its a Elite Trooper
0,I really like this charger, we brought it down to a small conference and set it up in the conference office.  We configured its four ports with two iPhone cables and the included mini-USB and micro-USB cables.  I think it is fair to say that the device was a hit - people could put a phone of almost any stripe on the charger.  Over the course of the conference, we charged maybe a dozen different types of phones (and even a MiFi) without any issues.		The one problem was the "automatic" timer.  As it turns out, it's just a timed 4.5 hour switch - not some kind of smart system that detects current draw.  So, if someone puts a phone on it and turns on the charger, it will go off in 4.5 hours - which is fine - unless someone else shows up two hours later and adds their phone (which will only get a 2.5 hour charge).  As a result, we had a lot of phones that would not get a full charge because the device had shut off and no one had realized they needed to turn it back on.  The indicator light is very, very dim (perhaps part of the energy savings?), so it's not very noticeable from a simple glance if the unit is on - you really have to look at the power light.		It's a good device, but its limitations should be resolved in the next iteration with an option to turn off the power-saving feature or to change the timer length to 8 or 16 hours.
0,I installed these in my front doors in my 1998 4Runner, they fit well, and sound good for the price. They were installed with a aftermarket headunit, and no other amp and the sound is leaps and bounds ahead of the stock speakers. Took me about 15 minutes to install the pair of them.
0,Very good mouse...just plug in the NANO receiver and go.  No need to install drivers, etc. (of course, I'm using a newer laptop running Vista - so older computers you may have to use the included CD).  Overall, very happy.  The nano receiver is nice...don't have to worry about it being in the way or snapping off.
0,Very Fast Internet speeds with this router using Chicago city Comcast. Easy to set up and get configured. Like it more than my old Linksys one for setting it up.
0,great for the money
0,First, the review above by T Orkun in the most complete review I have ever read, don't miss it. I too got a larger battery and very impressed with this netbook. I have VERY large hands and have had some trouble with the smaller keys through I have now gotten used to them. Dell had done a better job with the keyboard so I ordered a mini 10v. What a pile of junk.	I sent it back the next day. There is no comparison in quality between this acer one and the mini 10 or 10v. I believe this the best netbook for the  money. My only complaint is I don't care for red color inside the netbook but its not a big deal. I bought a cheapo usb bluetooth module and it works well with my Razer mouse.	The track pad does work well despite the stiff buttons.	I bought a 320gb and replaced the standard hdd some I can dual boot xp and Ubuntu 9.04 which works perfectly.	I have a more expensive notebook but I find myself using this more than the notebook. While I have not used every netbook I highly recommend the Acer One for the Quality and Value.
0,it works for small or regular phones. I have a Galaxy Note and my phone is too big to use the rubber stretcher. The clamp is OK. Has some rubber inside of the clamps that get very soft after some use. So you have to constantly readjust the mount.		Update 09-16-2016:	After being contacted by customer service, they made the whole experience much better! They even offered a full refund! I did not take the offer since I'm using the product with my own modifications but It was great to know that they stand behind their product!!		Super recommended!
0,4-PORT USB HUB	The Belkin F5U304-BRN allows you to add up to four USB devices such as storage devices, scanners, printers, external optical drivers and digital cameras to your computer.		TOP-LOADING USB PORTS	Two USB downstream ports on top of the hub is especially suitable for devices such as wireless USB dongles, USB flash drives, USB lights or fans.		STAY STEADY	The Belkin F5U304-BRN includes an internal weight and stay-put pads to keep Hub anchored to the desk.		CABLE MANAGEMENT	The Belkin F5U304-BRN features cable management to keep cables organized and your desk uncluttered.
0,Served my need!
0,Nice looking stand keeps the head set safe apps good.
0,I bought this for the price and primarily use it in my car. I have noticed that after only a few months of use the battery dies very quickly.		Feels a bit cheap and flimsy. The screen cracked but this happened because I left it in my pocket and leaned on it.		Besides the battery and build quality, I have had no other issues with it.
0,A Perfect Gift
0,This very affordable DVD/CD/Netflix player integrated perfectly with our Samsung flat screen TV.  Its online performance is especially delightful.  Highly recommended.
0,handy accessory for my go pro
0,Was looking for 1/4 inch stereo pair cables and this fit the bill nicely.  Prefer having the cables together than having separate mono cables cluttering the place
0,These S-video baluns work very well.  No signal loss.
0,I purchased this for use with the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Seagate-1TB-Laptop-Gaming-SSHD-Solid-State-Hybrid-Drive-SATA-6Gb-s-64MB-Cache-2-5-Inch-Internal-Bare-Drive-ST1000LM014/dp/B00B99JUBQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Seagate 1TB Laptop Gaming SSHD (Solid State Hybrid Drive) SATA 6Gb/s 64MB Cache 2.5-Inch Internal Bare Drive (ST1000LM014)</a>. The hard drive slipped right in and the cover clicked right into place. I have been using this combination with m y Xbox One for additional game storage and so far have had zero issues.
0,Great product! Works great!
0,I installed this little guy in a MacBook Pro 17 running OS X 10.9 in conjunction with Trim Enabler software to use the Trim feature built into OS X. I replaced a 750GB 7200RPM Seagate and the speed difference was instantly noticeable!!!		Installed a fresh OS X install on both hard drives and put the old HDD into an identical MBP 17 and started them several times side by side at the same time. The boot time with the Samsung SSD 1TB drive was 45 seconds faster than the traditional hard drive.		I've had it running for 3-4 months now with not one problem!		This SSD also weighs about 1/3 the traditional HDD so it also cut back on the weight of my (already heavy) MBP 17.		Love this drive! I plan on buying one for my work MBP 15 and my iMac.
0,Great product and fast shipping
0,Works and fits as expected
0,Piece of junk.  Lasted only three(3) months before needing to be replaced.  This router has nowhere near the range claimed.
0,Like many who have posted here, I chose the Sigma 18-50mm f/2.8 EX DC HSM as an affordable alternative to the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Nikon-17-55mm-f-2-8G-ED-IF-AF-S-DX/dp/B000144I2Q/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Nikon 17-55mm f/2.8G ED-IF AF-S DX</a>.  I wanted a decent low light lens for my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Nikon-D90/dp/B001ET5U92/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Nikon D90</a>, with more flexibility than my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Nikon-50mm-f-1-8D/dp/B00005LEN4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Nikon 50mm f/1.8D</a>&nbsp;prime lens, and more sharpness and less bulk than my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Nikon-18-200mm-VR/dp/B000BY52NU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Nikon 18-200mm VR</a>.  After reading the various comparisons between the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Tamron-AF-17-50mm-F-2-8/dp/B00156OZ68/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Tamron AF 17-50mm F/2.8</a>&nbsp;and the Sigma, I decided to go with the Sig (probably because I already have the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Tamron-AF-28-75mm-f-2-8/dp/B001955P8W/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Tamron AF 28-75mm f/2.8</a>, which in my opinion is a little slow in auto focusing, slightly noisy, and not quite as sharp as I had hoped).		After putting my new Sigma to work over the weekend, I'm confident that I made the right choice.  If the Nikon 17-55 is $1,000 dollars sharper than this lens, someone is going to have to prove it to me.  This is easily the sharpest lens in my bag, and thus far I haven't experienced any front focusing issues, as indicated in many of the pro and customer reviews on the Net.  The lens is slightly wider in size than the Nikon 18-200mm vr, solid and weighty (18.9 ounces according to the specs), but feels just right in the hand.  Perfect for low light situations, it is also an attractive looking lens, which comes with a beautiful, well-made lens hood, and an adequate, if somewhat ugly, square case.  The lens lock, which appears to also be a standard item on the Tamron as well, is something that Nikon should consider incorporating onto their lenses (some of which are notorious creepers).		All said, the Sigma is slowly becoming my favorite walk around lens.  My only regret so far is that it doesn't have some variation of vibration reduction, although, as you can see from this image ([...]), I was able to get a fairly steady hand held shot at f/14.0, 0.3 sec, at 22 mm, without VR.		Admittedly, I am not a professional, so I'll stay clear of the finite technical aspects.  But as a serious hobbyist, looking for new ways to improve, the Sigma 18-50 mm f/2.8 EX DC HSM seems to be a good deal for the price.
0,I use it for my 360 camera and it's perfect.
0,I bought this mostly for the keyboard so I can't really comment about the mouse as I haven't even plugged it in yet, I'm just saving it as a backup in case the one I have now stops working for any reason.		So far the keyboard has been great, it looks amazing and most people seem to really like it. The keys feel really responsive, obviously not as good as a mechanical keyboard but still better than most keyboards I've used. It still manages to have a fairly satisfying clicking sound as you type, if you're into that.		The only slight annoyance I have with it is that I use Excel a lot and because the scroll lock key is the one that controls whether the back light is on or off it makes navigating the spreadsheet with the arrow keys a little annoying while the back light is turned on. I'm not sure if there is a way to fix this (I haven't bothered to check) but it's really not a bid deal.
0,This is my fourth cable from BlueRigger.  This is my first that is 25 FT long and needed a long cable.  Works fine.  They are very reliable cables.  Thanks
0,Good Value - Quick Delivery
0,Slots are different in each PC. This one fits them. Other blanks did not.
0,Love this case - use it all the time on my iPad Air 2.
0,I have two of these set up in a dual monitor extended configuration. I absolutely love these monitors. I know we are in the era of UHD, and right on the door stop of 8K, but for me, and at just over $100 a pop, these IPS panels are beautiful. Viewing angles are basically infinite. I can look at the monitor at a 180 degree angle and see no perceivable darkening or anything of the such. I mostly use these for productivity, web, email, writing papers for school, programming, and some gaming. They work great everywhere. The 60Hz refresh rate gives me plenty of joy with an AMD r9 390x driving the monitors. If you're okay with 1080p these these monitors are wonderful.
0,Like the looks of the case and that it swivels.  It rarely starts though when the cover is opened.  For that I deducted 1 star but it is a good case.
0,Great compact speaker.  I keep it plugged in at my desk to use when needed.  I use head phones mostly at my desk so I have a head phone cord plugged into the back of my computer which is hard to get to to change out - so when I want to "hear" without using headphones this is an easy plug into the head phone cord.
0,Use these just about every day in my line of work as a System Technician. They are very helpful for connecting to Dell WD15 docking stations
0,Wow! I've had projectors for many years now and it's amazing to see how a smaller, less expensive projector can absolutely improve over the older clunkier ones. For starters, I always get the 3LCD models, because single chip DLP just gives me a headache (it makes colors by spinning a RGB wheel in front of the lens and there's a definite strobe effect that you see most prominently as you eyes move around the screen). Not for me. My last projector was a sony bravia 720p that was almost twice the size and weight of this one. And it probably had a better throw distance and  a nice big lens. But this epson blows it away in terms of size and of picture quality. I would not hesitate to recommend this to friends setting up a home theater- as long as they can position the projector 8-12 feet away from the screen. Certainly other projectors give you more flexibility here.		It can also be placed upside-down on a high shelf to project without needing a ceiling mount - because the "top" is flat and has no cooling vents that would be blocked. This method DOES block your ability to frame and focus, but it's really handy if you want to quickly set up ad-hoc viewing. I wish all projectors had a flat top for this reason.		We have it set up to make a 100 some odd inch image from 10 feet away. Even close to the picture, there is no noticeable screen-door effect at 1080p which is really nice.		The down-sides:		1) I DON'T like the fact that there's only a quick start manual (which I don't need) and no printed full manual. Instead it comes with a CD. Many people don't have CD readers on their computers anymore. At least they could put the URL for the PDF on the CD to make it easy (I had to google it and go through several pages of useless links to get the manual)		2) It's LOUD when in full brightness mode (but switch to ECO and it's nice and quiet and the image is only slightly less bright)\		3) Wireless is an EXPENSIVE add on. It shows in the menu and you can go set everything up, but won't work without a $100 adapter. Why can't the menu say "wireless card not installed" instead of forcing the user to go though setting it up only to find it does not work? This could be more user friendly.		4) When you ceiling mount you need to "flip" the image, but to do this you need to go into the menu system while everything is upside-down and find the right menu. This is kind of for most projectors, but why can't there be a dedicated button on the remote to change between ceiling mount and rear/front projection? It would make setup SO much easier		For affordable 1080p home cinema, this is a really nice entry from Epson. Missing some bells and whistles like 3-D, but for most home theatre use this will be an extremely viable option, even "portable" to bring to friends houses. I've owned several Epson projectors and have never had a problem with them, the build quality is solid and you're dealing with a company that has a lot of history and expertise in this space. Hopefully now that they have perfected the 1080p projector, they can move on to an affordable home 4k projector, especially with affordable devices such as roku 4 and 2015 amazon fire boxes providing 4k signal. This will be the next frontier.
0,After programing to the local frequencies,  I find it to be a good scanner.  It is surprising what you hear in a small town.
0,Perfect with my SSD Samsung HDD !
0,Excellent working condition. Good as brand new!_
0,I bought this external hard drive to back up my husband's bird photos; considered it a more cost-effective method to online storage.		The unit, while plastic, was well packed and quickly shipped.  Despite some critical reviews, I am pleased with the product.  Installation was automatic on a Windows machine running XP Pro and took less than five minutes to install and customize the backups.		The Seagate Free Agent lets you retrieve files easily and settings can be adjusted for any type of automatic backup with the files and folders you choose to back up.		The 500GB storage size is perfect for most computers (Note: only 465GB actually available).		The slim vertical profile takes up no more space than a stapler.		The drive comes with a power cord, USB cable and installation instructions for both Windows and Mac.  The User manual is pre-installed.		Installation and initial operation went flawlessly; I will be back with an update aftern further use, however, right now, I like it a lot.
0,Perfect size, perfect mouse.
0,This surge protector has a few things going for it: it's cheap, it comes in many cord lengths, and the power switch is almost impossible to flip by accident. However, it also has one major flaw that prevents me from recommending it fully: there's no way to tell at a glance whether it's on or off, and this is a disappointing omission when most surge protectors have illuminating switches and/or status lights.		For certain applications (for example, I'm using it as a master power switch for devices that are fiddly to turn off individually), this is a major irritation. That said, I realize mine is an edge case, and for the 99.9% of people who never need to turn off their power strips, this is a great, inexpensive "set it and forget it" solution that gives you the peace of mind of a surge protector and the security of a goof-proof power switch.
0,Worked perfectly right out of the box in my Tivo Series 3 XL HD.  By work I mean the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/TiVo-AG0100-Wireless-G-USB-Network-Adapter-for-TiVo-Series-2-and-Series-3-DVRs/dp/B000ER5G6C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">TiVo AG0100 Wireless G USB Network Adapter for TiVo Series 2 and Series 3 DVRs</a>&nbsp;completed initial calls, updated the TIVO software AND worked great under WPA encryption.  So, I didn't have to use WEP on the network!  I have not tried any downloads or video on demand yet.  I found out that signal strength worked better at higher elevations in the room.  So, I set the wireless adapter up with an 8 foot USB extender cable reach to the top of the TV Cabinet.  I also fooled around with the flip up antenna angle until I maxed out at 49% signal strength (as reported by TIVO).  This unit does the job but my Dell laptop thinks the signal is better than that.  Maybe the Dell Laptop has a better antenna or perhaps better amplifiers?		Update September 2010 ... this device still works great after many months.  I found out that if you own 2 TIVOs and both have their own AGO100 Adapter --- you can (if not DRM limited by the broadcasters) share recordings between the two machines.  In other words, programs I recorded in the living room were able to be imported onto the TIVO in the bedroom right through the wireless device.  Great feature!
0,I purchased this camera around the mother's day.  I haven't had a lot of experience with it yet.  This camera is very easy to use.  I took some pictures of the flowers, the color is very real. I tried to shot a short video, the quality is better than what I got from the mini-DV.		So far I am happy about this product.  It's amazing that the price is up to $700s.  I got this one about $300.
0,I like the IR on this. I only gave 3 stars for Picture Quality only for cpature to Computer. There is a loss of color.	I bought new high end firewire and it's a tad better. I use several Video Editors with the same loss of color in all.	Oh the Macro is awesome. You can get real close and its clear at about 1-1/2 inches...better than my other cams.
0,Because of the very wide angle lens, there are serious edge distortion effects. These bother me more in the still pictures then in video. I really like the ability to quickly insert another memory card and continue operations. The remote control is really the reason I got this particular model - works ok, but it lacks feedback (pretty quiet sounds from the camera that usually can't be heard) and the ability to change modes - like from stills to video and back. There also isn't a good way to attach a safety lanyard to the body of the camera which might be the biggest drawback.
0,I bought this to replace a cheap junk outdated router  Frontier gave me.	First you need to call Frontier to get your user nane and password for the DSL.	Then just follow the easy setup, use the setup wizard and you are connected.	I get excellent speeds and can easily stream Netflix, Hulu and a Slingbox.	Has the same router interface as my Nighthawk 1900. So I was very familiar in customizing it.	On thing to remember, remove. Frontier's DSL filter and use the DSL filter that comes with the unit.	When I tried to use the Frontier DSL filter the router refused to connect to the internet.	So that change was important.
0,Very satisfied.
0,The movement is a little stiff/tight - otherwise it's OK
0,Priced right. Sound quality is surprisingly good from such a tiny speaker...and you can link several together if you want/need more volume.
0,It will re charge my ear piece at least 4 times without charging. Small compact and powerful
0,This drive was shipped promptly by USPS Priority Mail in two days, beating the deadline by several days and outstripping Amazon's delivery of products ordered at the same time by three days. It was simply packed in bubble wrap and a USPS small box but it was in good condition and works fine. It was in a standard sealed anti-static OEM wrapper and appears to be new, not refurbished.		I installed it in a PC I use for video editing which is not connected to the Internet and runs XP SP2. The interface is original SATA 1.5 GBs. In spite of the 'ancient technology' it installed easily and shows disc-to-disc transfer rates of about 60 MB/s. Slow, but no doubt limited by the transfer rate of the older drive.		I am so impressed I am about to order another.
0,Son loves it.  Not as comfy as the stock band, which makes the heart rate monitor less likely to be pressed to skin, but still way cool.
0,Quality made!  Fits my 2011 Lexus IS250C nicely and no degradation whatsoever with radio reception. This Mini Antenna is described as 2013 BRX/FR-S and the body for these cars are made by Toyota (engine Subaru). I've seen reviews on this antenna where it's been used for Scion tC - also made by Toyota.  I took a chance since Lexus is made by Toyota and sure enough I made the right decision! A little pricey compared to cheaper mini antenna's on eBay but you get what you pay for. I would recommend this product!
0,Works like a charm, comfortable enough to carry a couple big heavy cameras with big heavy lenses all day without fatigue.
0,I have had this wire for about 6 months.  roll and unroll  it up every weekend. seems to be holding up good.
0,Solid feel and the layout suit my needs. I don't see a reason to take off any stars. Met my expections.
0,Works as expected.
0,OMG I love this  training / racing tool! It totally changed the way I was using my old 910 and since it has the full watch functionality I am now wearing it every day (sorry fancy and expensive time piece you only come out when I need to be dressed up from now on!). I love the interface and the abundance of well thought out training features that Garmin has crammed into this watch. The design is fantastic and the integration with the Garmin Connect App is perfect, not mention the other garmin tools integration, Vector pedals, VIRB cameras (the watch serves as a remote!) etc..... I already loved everything Garmin makes but this confirms many of my previous choices.
0,Went with an i5-2400 for an HTPC build. A wonderful CPU that at stock settings nearly outperforms my formerly-powerhouse i7 930.	I'd be willing to bet it'd even be a great gaming cpu when paired with a decent graphics card, but the integrated graphics capability makes this a great choice for HTPCs as it lets you avoid a graphics card which can be hot, noisy, and take up valuable expansion slots.	Runs cool and is fast enough for nearly anything I throw at it.	I would even go as far as to say it is overpowered for HTPC duty.	Overclockers will want something higher in intel's product tier, but as an all around performer, you can't go wrong with the i5-2400.
0,On time. As expected. It works.
0,I augmented the installation by stringing some old RU-6 TV coax from the units to an old satellite dish paint/labeled with a fictitious satellite security name to compliment the setup's appearance of authenticity.  These units are smaller and less robust than some seen on large commercial installations, but for my little remote business they appear real.
0,Just a simple keyboard. For not being a slim profile, the key presses are still quiet. I bought this profile to help make it easier to clean cat hair out of. Has a standard length cord and is durable to being pushed off the desk by playful animals.
0,Works great.  Looks great
0,Does exactly what I need and works great
0,its the only way I can describe these cuties. They work great and are easy to keep track of by plugging the jack that is already there.
0,I bought this modem and router so I would not have to continually pay Suddenlink a rental fee for a modem/router her. This is the actual unit that Suddenlink was renting to me, and it is working great. I get 100 meg download without any problem, and don't have to pay the additional $10 a month. Great buy!
0,Steady and plenty GBs. It can get a little hot but you'd need to play around with position and air flow in your case.
0,I have bluetooth with my laptop and my ereader and my phone as well. I wanted it mostly for my laptop.. but I did not know if it would pair up with my laptop..so for those like me that wanted it with your laptop.. it works great with your computer..as long as you have bluetooh on your laptop. The distance is great.. I can wash dishes and listen to my music on the computer. It feels great to not be teathered by a cord!	The shipping was fast..and I even got a follow up email asking if I was happy with my purchase with a link for any help with my product. I am so happy with this purchase.
0,Awesome Product. Easy to setup and use. Works great with my Iphone 6.
0,I've been using this same case on my job (I work in IT) and it has been great.  I bought my daughter one for the new surface 3 I bought for her.
0,Good product with fast shipping and good product updates.
0,Great straps.
0,Did the job
0,Fantastic!
0,Not a bad product. could fit a little tighter, but for the money it was a great value. My 10yr. old loves it.
0,Our family was planning a road trip, and I wanted a suction mount for my camera that I could attach to the exterior of my car to take family pictures wherever we went.  (see my picture in the gallery) I didn't need anything fancy, and I didn't want to spend too much money.  This suction mount was exactly what I was looking for.		The suction cup is strong and held my little point-and-shoot camera with no problem.  If necessary, it could probably hold my DSLR too, but I didn't need to do this.  The adjustable arm locked just fine and was easy to use.  The part that attaches to the camera adjusted by friction and was handy in helping to point the camera in the right direction.		I did not mount the camera on the interior windshield, but if I did the camera would be upside down because the adjustable arm is not long enough.		I'd buy it again and would recommend this suction mount to anyone who needs a simple one.....and the price is reasonable.
0,I wake up everyday with the latest news on air now !
0,sturdy, great quality.
0,very good quality
0,Perfect for what they are designed for and look great
0,I think this is the best after market cord I have purchased to dats. I have wasted alot of money on cords and am very pleased with this one.
0,This took me forever to find. I bought 3 high end graphic cards and was going to SLI them all together. unfortunetely I needed a power supply to the 3rd card. So after searching forever I finally came across this that plugs directly into my power supply then into my graphics card.
0,Works great for small or large TVs
0,Works great, small and easy to wear with an arm holster during a workout. Good battery life
0,I bought 2 for tablets I got for "free" with our new phones.  So far these have more than held up to our 5 and 7 year olds using them for pokemon go
0,great fit and great price.  easy to apply
0,Delighted with my purchase. Thank you!
0,Great sound for size
0,This fans are great, very quiet with a lot of air being pushed out. Isn't super bright so I would buy more
0,Uff nice
0,works great with my laptop when I travel its easy to carry and I know that when I am in a hotel or a friends house my stuff is protected.
0,works like needed
0,very good
0,Absolute great product.  Definitely need 2 people to install but once you have it up it's a truly great product.  Works exactly as advertised.
0,Not much to say here
0,This router is great, it has a lot of speed and excellent range. It also has a whole bunch of features for power users. I don't use any of the fancy features but I'm satisfied with the range and speed on the router.		My only gripe with it is that some firmwares are MUCH better than others, and that upgrading to the latest isn't always the best move.
0,This is a great screen, it came with mounting hardware to attach it to a sheet rock wall. It was pretty simple and strait foreword to install. For those of you trying to figure out how wide the screen actually is, it's a little over 6ft or 2 meters wide.
0,In a nutshell (from a techie, but only a novice as regards home entertainment gear): this AVR&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Denon-AVR1910-7-1-Channel-Multi-Zone-Home-Theater-Receiver-with-1080p-HDMI-Connectivity/dp/B002AKKFPI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Denon AVR1910 7.1-Channel Multi-Zone Home Theater Receiver with 1080p HDMI Connectivity</a>&nbsp;adds new dimensions to my home entertainment system, but a Logitech Harmony One (or similar) Universal Remote&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Logitech-Harmony-One-Advanced-Universal-Remote-Amazon-Frustration-Free-Packaging/dp/B002RL875A/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Logitech Harmony One Advanced Universal Remote [Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging</a>] is a must because the Denon Remote is worse than other reviewers have already stated: it is almost totally brain dead.  The User Manual is pretty lame, too, and the generic Denon AVR User Manual "translation" by BatPig at the on-line AVR Forum is a great substitute.		How could a manufacturer with a reputation for top-notch AV gear degrade the utility of such a fine AVR with such a lousy remote?  Unless, that is, they were in cahoots with Logitech to make purchase of a Harmony Universal Remote almost mandatory?  I struggled for hours to get the Denon remote to control my Vizio HDTV, my Toshiba DVD player (my Vizio Blu-ray Disc player is on pre-order with Amazon), or my Scientific Atlanta cable box.  I tried every single component code in the manual, and I followed the directions meticulously, but I COULD NOT GET IT TO RECOGNIZE EVEN ONE OF THOSE PERIPHERALS! I wrote to the star of the AVR Forum ("BatPig") for a clue, and he answered that he just ignores remotes that come with components and uses the Harmony One.		I have had a top-of-the-line Sony ES receiver for years, and I was reasonably satisfied with it (although their remote was pretty poor, too, though nowhere as bad as the Denon's).  But, it was pre-HDMI, and I wanted to be able to experience the performance boosts of HDMI, and that was my reason for purchasing the Denon.  I had also looked at a less expensive Onkyo, but I was deterred by reports of heating and line buzz in the subwoofer.  Every review pointed me to this Denon.  (BTW, I got a brand new one from an Amazon Marketplace seller for more than 25% less than Amazon's price.  But it was a gamble, as there was no return privilege.)		OK, I have not done a lot of speaker setup tweaking, other than to use the wonderful Audyssey MultEQ built-in capability of the Denon.  In my main listening room, I have two small Boston Acoustic speakers in front, two BA satellites in the rear, all mounted near the ceiling, a BA center speaker on a shelf atop the TV, and a BA subwoofer.  I have two small BA speakers mounted near the ceiling in an adjoining room, but rarely use them for other than two-room mood music when we entertain.  The Audyssey MultEQ did an outstanding job of equalizing my main room speakers.  Setup was so straightforward that I did not even have to consult the manual, though there are great instructions at the AVR Forum (on line).  This is a huge plus for any AVR that includes Audyssey MultEQ.  Now, as other reviewers have also stated, I hear things in music that I had not heard before with my previous Sony ES model--nice things, that is! ;-)		My TV is 1080i, and though I got it to play OK at first going from my cable box through the Denon to the TV (all with HDMI cables) instead of straight from the cable box to the TV, on the next day I got flashing of the picture (good picture, then snowy picture, etc.). I tried the suggestions at the AVR Forum (power everything down; disconnect all HDMIs, power back up one at a time after several minutes), but that did not help.  I knew that it was not my TV going bad, because I could receive pictures directly from the roof antenna just fine.  So, I fiddled around with the settings (the instruction manual doesn't really clue you in as to how to get to the settings, but it is the tiny button on the front of the AVR to the left of the "+" shaped button array, and then navigating with the "+"shaped button array and the "Return" button to its right).  So, I found one setting that was something to the effect of "i/p" which I figured was up-converting from interlaced to progressive (1080i to 1080p).  I turned that option off, and then things worked just fine (had I inadvertently turned it on when I was fiddling with the Denon remote?).  If only that troubleshooting symptom were to have been called out in the manual (maybe it was, but I never found it).  Also, I find that when I switch between a standard definition (SD) channel on the cable to a HD channel, sound comes on, but the screen turns blue (shades of Windows' "Blue Screen of Death"!) for about 15 seconds before the picture appears.  One person told me that it was buffering the signal, but others say that it is a matter of HDMI handshaking, and I tend to believe the latter explanation.  Compared to my pre-HDMI days, this is a whole new world, and it takes some getting used to.		My Roku Player and my Toshiba DVD player work beautifully through the Denon's HDMI input ports, by the way.  Sound has much more "presence" as compared to my previous setup.		So, once again: my bottom line is that this is a sophisticated and specialized computer in a big black box that will give you wonderful results once you succeed in setting it up and controlling it with a Universal Remote such as Logitech's Harmony One.  Would I buy it all over again, knowing what I know now?  Yes.  Would I recommend it to a friend?  Well, yes, but only if the friend were minimally clueful about AV components.
0,Pretty straight forward. All wire matches. One orange one that didn't need to be used for my car. Fits and works as intended.
0,The cable that came with my external backup was quite short and limited where I could sit the drive.  Problem solved.
0,Cover has perfect fit and function for my 2015 Kindle Paperwhite with special offers  HOWEVER, when I open the Fintie cover and it wakes my Kindle, it doesn't open directly into the page where I left off reading.  Rather, it opens into a special offer page (of course) which instructs "Swipe to unlock Kindle."  Only then does it go to the page where I left off reading. Fintie's wake/sleep function is solid, but Amazon determines on what page the Kindle wakes to. This beautiful case is embossed "Designed by Fintie in USA." and the wrapping is labeled "Made in China."
0,They need to put wire guage in description. These are for 12, a little loose for 16, what I was using. Ended up switching to 12 guage wire, worked much better.
0,Love it.  Have 3 yr old grandson who uses it all the time.  Have no problems with him breaking tablet.
0,This work perfectly with my new Samsung Spinpoint 2TB M9T Mobile SATA Drive ST2000LM003.
0,As advertised.
0,Small footprint. Works well.
0,Bought this cam on a whim since I needed something small. I have a d90 and an LX5 ( that my wife uses) and did some comparing with these.  Now the low light capability is the only thing I am not happy with the zs15 after testing several shots upon opening the box.. Anyway, I wanted to return the zs15 but somehow, I continued to use it, exploring its capabilities and pixel peeping as I went along. The copy I had gave me really sharp and brilliant pics during the day and outdoors. At night and in low light, it's no that bad as long as you keep it steady ( to compensate for the slow lens, hence slow shutter speed).  Finally, I begin to see that for the cost of $165., this was an amazing buy! This is a very versatile camera with lots of reach and fun to use with all those art filters. In the end, I'm gonna keep it! This camera has a slow lens so if you want low light optimum shooting, look elsewhere but other than that, this camera produces very good and sharp pictures!
0,Make sure you buy the real Verbatims not the stuff made by CMC.  Probably the best media made now.  Got at a very good price on here.  Very few coasters.
0,great product very satisfied
0,I have two of these, one with a Sandy Bridge and one with an Ivy Bridge.  Both work well.  All the latest features, except Thunderbolt. It has a Wi-Fi connector which I don't use, and most people with a router probably won't need.  I suppose that I paid a little extra for this feature. ASUS is about as good a brand as you can get these days.
0,Received on time- item as expected
0,New Trent is a GREAT company and has such high quality products.  I have used many of their products and they are all so advanced and well built.  This case worked great as I gave it to my neighbor for her phone.  She LOVES it and is so happy with the option for changing out the color of the case.		I would honestly say that the products that New Trent delivers are some of the best on the market!!		Keep creating!!
0,I bought the wrong Headset Buddy and posted my error here. The seller got in touch with me and explained that they could send me one for my pc. Without having to do anything, the company sent me the adapter that works for my one jack pc! I am thrilled to death with it, because now I can use my headset with my new pc. All I can say is THANKS GUYS!
0,This has really made life easier.  We can really go through batteries with the amount of pictures we take.  I don't know about the durability yet but it seems like it will be good unless abused.  We use it mostly overnight or when not at home, so I don't know how long the batteries take to charge, either.  All I know is that having two batteries fully charged is GREAT and we don't have to run out to buy more.  Using Kodak Z1485 camera.
0,I bought Two of these and have had them for a month or so.		I really like how this unit looks and it's perfect size and shape so that I can velcro it just under the top of my computer desk recessed in about an inch, which allows me to see it just above where the towers set underneath it and gives me quick convenient usb stick access to plug in, especially when my keyboard tray is pulled out.		The hub looks there great as you can see in this attached photo.		I have used these hubs a hundred times already, they work well, look great, and the way I have it mounted is very convenient for me.		Very nice!
0,The case looks and works great. I feel good about having an extra layer of protection around the device, It fits fine and I like the way the front folds around and magnetically binds to the back for easy one-handed reading. Yes, the strap in the upper right hand corner covers the power switch. No, that doesn't bother me. I just push the strap.
0,Great BOSE sound. No issues. Glad I bought it
0,Had it around 5-6 months. Charges my 17000mah anker battery bank in around 7-8 hours. Also using it to charge my Halo e-cig lol
0,great for top down pictures. Mounted to my also 66" tripod perfect
0,One of the best things about this hub is,besides having plenty of power to charge any device i have but that it will keep supplying power after the host computer is shut down. So,my phone or mp3 player continues to get a full charge while I'm asleep. Hooray!
0,Very Happy.
1,Product arrived and brought it to my father as a birthday gift along with some records. We set it up and the table will not spin. Very disappointed. Not the best birthday for him.
1,You know how the speaker connection gets worn out after a while and you end up with no (or partial / reduced) sound on one side of the car or on some of the speakers? That happend in the first week with this set of headphones.		In addition, the speaker itself came loose on the left side, so whenever I moved my head there was this awful clunk. I opened it up and sure enough it's mostly empty space with a poorly mounted speaker inside. I had to stuff something in there to keep it steady.		Wish I could still return these, but for the cut-rate price I guess I can buy another. But I won't.
1,We only had the receiver for a week and it just quit working.
1,Not very pleased with this fan unit. It shipped very fast and was exactly as described except it sounds like the bearings are already going on the unit. Looked like the OEM sink and fan that failed on the unit but that took over 5 years. Its hard to find a low priced fan to hold up to the stress of everyday PC use. Go spend a little more and get a better unit.
1,Drive unmounts without notice. I sent it in for repair and it was swapped for a refurb. The refurb doesn't unmount as often, but I still don't trust its stability. Should be much higher quality for the price.
1,I received one of these as a gift, after using it for four months I found that disk's I accessed often had severe damage to the edges where this organizer grabs them. This organizer uses a metal clamp to grasp the disk's, while durable this clamp can easily damage very expensive software. A simple coating of rubber would have fixed this major defect!
1,Compared to both the Tamaron and the Sigma, this lens is horrible! Images at f/5.6 were softer than my kit 18-50mm at f/5.6. Vignetting at anything but f/8 and smaller is unacceptable. Do some research and find that there are more people than just me with this problem. Do not trust this lens!		I chucked this lens (no one would buy it after trying it on their camera) and purchased the Nikon. Much better.
1,After maybe the 5th time I used it the sheath was irreparably damaged when I detached it from my iPod.  Epic fail.
1,Revised my original review comment: "Once I navigated through the set up with helpful aid of their support service, it works great" to: avoid at all costs.  Although prone to random failures when printing attempted  (second try would work), it proved useful. HOWEVER my current experience makes me duty-bound to provide any potential purchaser of this or similar Hawking products, simple advice -Don't.  I was not informed or advised by Hawking that if one upgrades Mac OS X to current 10.11, the Hawking software  (extension "kernels") completely destroys the Mac.  Rendered instantly inoperable.  The only recourses are to backup a restored 10.10 version (IF you are wise enough to have a restore back-up, otherwise with the aid of Apple escalated high-level support, laboriously cherry pick and delete numerous Hawking embedded files.  If you don't have access to Apple support or choose not to pay for same, your Mac remains a dead lead brick.  DON'T waste your time and money. Hawking's software can be a time bomb with disastrous effect.  I see that the Amazon blurb has been updated with a mention that 10.11 is not supported, but I as a registered user, was not contacted by Hawking to advise about disastrous consequences.  Just buy an unmanaged ethernet switch starting around $10, which will do the job better.
1,I bought these for use with Apple headphones that have a remote and mic that have 3 instead of 2 little bands. The problem with these is, as far as I can tell, these use up that entire part instead of just the part for sound out, so they try to send sound into the mic (this is my best guess) and it makes a REALLY tinny sound, and you can barely hear anything without cranking up the volume. If you don't have any headphones with a remote/mic, these are great, but if not, these are great. This problem is fixed if you put an extension cable or something with the regular 2 bands, its just fine.
1,The male end broke off, mostly because the cable is way to heavy for the little plug
1,I was shocked to discover this wall charger is not included, when common sense says that it should be.  Come on Amazon!
1,I bought this for my Foscam FI8910W camera based on a few reviewers here saying that they bought this to replace the original Foscam power supply.  It worked for less than a week, then the green light on the power supply started blinking and the red power indicator on the Foscam unit started blinking, too.  Power supply is dead.
1,The world's most demanding banks, corporations, and data centers use the world's best fiber optic cable to send a 10 gigabit multimode signal several kilometers.  That fiber costs 60 cents per foot.  Why does Monster Cable charge $60 or more for to send a single-mode 128kbps signal a few feet?		I suggest a much cheaper option like the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/PTC-6ft-Toslink-to-Mini-Toslink-Cable/dp/B000FMXKC8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">PTC 6ft Toslink to Mini Toslink Cable</a>, which I've been using for weeks now with zero complaints.  Save your money and spend it where it will really count: on quality headphones, speakers, or music.		(Unless you really need a white cable.  It won't sound any better but at least it'll color-coordinate.)
1,The blinking light on this thing is super annoying. Returned mine since I was also having driver issues on Windows 10. Distance from unit also not great. I'm not going to plug another Bluetooth dongle on this review, but I did find another on Amazon that was better.
1,Avoid this tracker like the plague. Zero customer service other than to tell you to watch for updates. Class-action suit is a better answer.
1,When Acer accepts to ship out that amount of faulty screens with dead pixels and light bleed, that means one thing, We are Acer and we cannot throw all of these screens in trash, we loose a lot of money, so instead they said, oh lets sell our faulty stuff, some people will get it and get angry, if we get returns we refurbish and sell it again, if totally damaged then that is our loss, but we don't loose all screens' money.		Garbage, Light Bleed on the bottom right corner that looks reddish, and the upper left corner, the blacks are so light overall, when i look to the right side i see reddish blacks and when i look to the upper corner as well, i don't care if the plastic is neat and looks expensive, i care about the screen itself and it is garbage, all of them screens suffers a light bleed, how strong is it is the question and you absolutely going to get light bleed around corners no matter what, you just wish it is not strong, well mine look reddish where there is back light even in sunlight it is visible, not disastrous though as i brought this for GTA and some gaming. im gonna use it and smoke it with my cigarettes this year and gonna give it to somebody to bring something better when good screen brands release one, as i cant return due to shipping cost oversees.
1,I would advise everyone to buy another brand.  It just does not work correctly if at all.  I tried it in multiple computers with different results in each all bad.  I am not a novice.  I started with and apple IIC and worked my way through every IBM compatible version and every windows platform ever made.  I built more computers than I ever bought.  This card is crap.
1,My wife and I have a terrible habit of lying in bed using our Dell laptop in the evening.  Primarily because of fear of laptop overheating and difficulty in balancing the laptop in bed, we purchased the Belkin Cushtop.		The good: It's light and easy to use.  There are no moving parts to break.  The material and design seems to solve the overheaing issue.  It seems to balance on the lap fairly well.		The bad:  It's too high and its downward angle is not severe enough for use in bed.  It places your hands and arms higher than what's comfortable and you really have to prop yourself up to use it.  This pad is definitely designed for use sitting in a chair not lying on a bed.		One other thing bothered me.  I looked everywhere, on the Amazon website and even went to the Belkin website to find the Cushtop's dimensions.  THEY WERE NOWHERE TO BE FOUND!  That's just plain stupid.  Fortunately, my 15" Dell fits fine on it, but what if it didn't.  Dimensions are an important factor in making a decision to purchase this type of item.		If I had purchased the Cushtop from a local dealer, I would have returned it.  Because it didn't cost too much, I didn't want to go through the expense and hassle of returning it to Amazon.
1,not good
1,I bought this because it says it can do 200mbps. I was only able to achieve 100mbps. I had to buy a gigabit switch to achieve 200mbps.
1,The weird shaped end of this is bent and you have to hold the hard drive extremly still or else it will disconnect. I'm not sure if it is this specific brand or just the nature of this type of cable. I wouldnt recommend buying anything that uses this sort of connection.
1,I ordered this under the impression it was new, i received the item on time, which it always usually is, but the teeth to the DVI were bent Down so it is very difficult to plug in, there was also what looked like cardboard jammed into the teeth along with a sticky substance on the outside of the port. i would of only given it 1 star but the port works, so long as i don't disconnect it i suppose i do not have to worry about it, but this was in really bad shape.
1,Had to return due to very tight fit on the MacBook 85w power adapter.  Extremely difficult to remove. Not worth the money.
1,Disappointed with the quality of this product..
1,For someone who is okay with computers as far as knowledge this hard drive drove me crazy! I ordered it because it had almost five stars! Maybe I am just not savvy with hard drives, but this hard drive is hard to work as hell for me anyway! That is all I am going to say about it because I am totally frustrated with it right now. I ordered a Passport hard drive that I heard was super easy and reliable instead! Happy Shopping!
1,I think it's absolutely ridiculous that the lens cap is not included with this lens.  It's part of the package of a low profile kit lens to have such a cap built-in.  Now, since I have to think about ordering another $40 accessory, I will also be taking a closer look at the Panasonic 12-32mm instead.		The build of the lens is good.  The zooming is a little slow.  I'm not sure if I can change the speed in my E-M10.  The little lens cap that comes with it is a little tricky to get off because the front of the lens is flat when it's retracted.  The speed from off-to-on for it to extend is reasonable and doesn't seem like it will slow things down when in a rush.  However, the lens cap will.
1,This could have been a great gadget except it didn't recognize my 5 year old Sony A/V receiver. Even in "learning mode" this new dog couldn't learn old tricks.
1,These speakers had good sound quality and I liked them -- but they broke in less than 10 months.  The right speaker now just puts out static all the time, even when the computer is on mute, and it produces no sound. The cables are intact and the speakers have never fallen off my desk -- it's just equipment failure.  A fluke? Maybe. But, worth considering before buying these.
1,I had these headphones for a little under a year now. At first they were a little uncomfortable but eventually you get used to them and up to a little while ago I would have given them 4 out of 5 stars, mainly on part of the Mic not being stellar.		However, I had noticed a problem after a bit of use. Inside one of the ear pieces, a piece of plastic had broken off somewhere and was rattling around whenever I would move my head. A major annoyance but nothing compared to what would eventually come later. A few months, the ear piece snapped off completely when I tossed it 1 foot onto a pillow top bed. Any and all attempts at fixing the headphones have failed (odd pivot issue), and now I am stuck with a broken headphone.		So while the product appears to be good for its price, with a somewhat weak mic, it is also frail and suffers heavily from wear and tear. It has a relatively short lifespan of about 1 year if constantly used.		Some may reason that having the device break should demand a 1 star rating, but the Audio/Mic converter to USB adapter it comes with is actually very impressive. Some converters alone can even cost more than what you would spend on the set here and when the headphones broke, I was able to quickly switch in a temporary replacement. In fact, I still use the adapter.
1,It arrived broken. The leftmost USB port gets no power whatsover. Do not buy.
1,With a couple of things (fixes, expected features that were missing), this could've been a great headset. If you don't have patience for my long review (I tend to go into detail), scroll to the bottom.		At first I thought this was going to be a great ride. I've got a Creative X-Fi card that performs well and has lasted for years. Surely they'll make a good set of headphones. Let's at least clear the air on the one thing that WAS good: sound quality. That part of the show they actually did well. Unlike my Razer Megalodon's, the surround sound seems to work well (nothing fancy but still solid) and doesn't have that annoying "bell" effect. I call it that because the sound fells like it's shaped like a bell over your ears. The middle area right where your ear canal is--the mid sweet spot--sounds hollow. I half expect everything to echo.		Not with these headphones. Sound's crisp and clean with music and games.		The other interesting thing about the headset is it has a flat cable, which is weird but actually nice in some ways since you can fit it through narrow gaps (once you get the plugs past that gap). Could be useful.		What's wrong with them then?		- My pair has a connection problem where the cable splits to terminate in the audio plug and the mic plug. If you move the cable, you'll the audio will crackle and stop flowing completely (including the mic). Bad connection. I'm in the middle of the RMA process to get a new set so stay tuned to see if it's because of the design or I'm just the lucky owner of a faulty pair.		- The cans on this headset are SMALL. I mean, I've seen other headsets with small cans but most of the headsets I've owned (Turtle Beach, Razer) have larger rounder cups that just fit better. I'm a large guy so your mileage may vary. For me, they'd crush my ear lobes. Over time, they started to break in and it was less dramatic but still not as comfortable as other headphones I've used.		- These headphones are adaptable in that they come with standard audio and mic plugs but also include a USB adapter that you plug those two into--plugging the USB into your computer. That USB adapter includes drivers to enable actual surround sound simulation for the headset. Yup, you MUST use the USB adapter for the surround sound effect. Otherwise, they're just good headphones. Now, that's not a big deal in a way because that's just how it is...something's got to do the simulating. And you can get a pretty nice utility that allows you to apply an equalizer, control volume (though the sound control panel does that too), and even apply voice effects to your voice as it's piped through the mic. The latter is kinda cool...for 5 minutes. Unless you're stalking someone or screwing around with friends for a little bit, it's useless. The REAL problem? The drivers do NOT support the +20dB mic boost that EVERY OTHER DEVICE seems to support. And, YES, you need them. Unless I'm yelling or holding the mic right up against my mouth with my cupped hand covering it, I can barely hear my voice (and the system can't detect it either). I went back and forth with support on this (see below) and they confirmed that the drivers don't support it. Huh? They might be able to rectify this with a firmware update in the future but right now, today, they don't and that's just stupid. Great headset...no mic.		- Because of the mic issue and the cable connection issue, I had to contact support. This was fun. It took them a couple days to get back to me just to ask me what I contacted them for (their online support form which I filled out didn't include anything I typed beyond my name and e-mail). It then took a couple of e-mails back and forth over a few more days (the response time is somewhere between 1 and 3 days, not including weekends) to get past the canned support responses before we confirmed there was no mic boost. Now, I've got to scan the headset's box to prove I own the headset (despite offering up the serial number for the device). You'd think that's reasonable. Cut to six months from now. If I had a problem with it, would I realistically have the box to scan? Probably not. The process is still continuing and we'll see if they fix the headset's connection problem or if they just send me the same pair or a new pair with the same problem.		All in all, I can't say I'm crazy happy about these suckers. I knocked down the rating for the above  problems but in the end, they're headphones and if the cable connection is fine and you don't use the mic, they're a pretty good set of headphones--USB-enabled or not.		Should you buy them? They retail for almost $70 (though right now they're 40% off of that). At retail, I'd just shell out a bit more and grab something from Razer, Logitech or Turtle Beach. At $40, you could get a non-surround sound headset from the aforementioned manufacturers with a working mic. Personally, I'd rather just save up and get true hardware surround sound headphones. The sound quality can't be beat and Razer's upcoming Tiamat along with whatever Turtle Beach is offering (waiting on those Z6A's!!) look good. They're definitely more expensive but I feel like you really get what you pay for.
1,Terrible nothing but issues. I have to unplug it every time I need to eject a DVD to reboot it? It also takes forever to use the menu buttons.
1,I have been a big fan of Sony since I bought the original Walkman in 1979. Owned everything Sony and still have most of the stuff. TV's, VCR's, DVD and Laser Disc players etc. None of the Sony equipment I bought has ever broken down.		I bought this receiver because it had all the new stuff like HDMI, Wireless, Bluetooth and Air Play. I have 2 other older ES receivers that work fine but are now out of date. Purchased this from Best Buy in August 2013. After about a year I started having the HDMI issue others have mentioned. The video would not pass through to the TV. I called Sony. Their customer service is horrible. As usual they tried to blame everything else but the receiver. Finally they suggested I unplug the receiver and this would reset the unit. I tried it and everything worked fine. Every now and then the HDMI video issue would pop up and I would just unplug and reset.		In the last few months I noticed the GUI function does not work. The menu does not come up and the screen freezes. Sometimes there is just a colored box where the menu is supposed to be. When you switch back to the cable/sat function the no video issue comes up again. According to the user manual the GUI function only works from the HDMI A and B output. The only way to make the video appear is to unplug and wait. There is something definitely wrong with the HDMI output slots.		I called Sony again and now they tell me the unit is out of warranty by 27 days. I told them they need to honor the warranty and fix this issue. Someone else is supposed to call me back. I am going to follow up with them.		I would stay away from these units. I wish this HDMI output issue did not happen because everything else is excellent. Sound is superb and the unit works well most of the time.		Sad to see such an iconic brand slowly get destroyed and most likely the consumer electronics division disappear.
1,Description says 5V fan.  Fan itself says 12V.		No clear indication of airflow direction.		No mention of voltage on packaging, only on fan itself.
1,The cable length is great, considering that the factory cable is way too short. However, the proprietary end (not usb) does not fit well into the device and I am always concerned that I will break the pins when pulling this cable out.  It now sits in a drawer and is never used.  Would NOT recommend.
1,19 miles from towers; did not work for me
1,Bought it refurbished and have been trying to use this headset for a few months. It drops the connection constantly while I'm listening to audio (mostly using it to listen to podcasts). I know it's not the phone, since I don't have this problem with bluetooth speakers and other devices. If it's placed in my pocket, it's pretty much unusable. After reading a number of one-star reviews for other Plantronics models, it looks like a common problem. Sound volume is another weak spot. It's enough for listening at home, but it's too low for listening in a car. I need to find a better brand.
1,This will NOT stay on my flash.  Once you put it on, it just slips right off.  I tried everything to keep it on.  Rubber bands, string everything.  I didn't want to tape and have tape residue all over my flash.  Would not recommend this product.
1,Unfortunately the size this bag was advertised at was not what it was when it arrived, and according to the vendor, the entire lot was manufactured at the wrong size. Fortunately for me as the consumer, the vendor made good on the refund instantly and let me keep the bag!
1,I put my FM Transmitters in my center console so they are not an eye sore and run a cable out of the console. This one's signal was too weak to reach my car radio once I closed the lid of the console
1,I ordered a HIS headset cable, which is compatible with the Avaya 96XX series IP phones, among others. What I received was a HIC headset cable, which is compatible with an entirely different class of phones (Avaya digital phones). The cables look similar, and have the same Quick Disconnect connector on the side where your headset plugs in, but the modular connectors are not cross-compatible. I would avoid buying this product here.
1,June 2016 EDIT: Cord is trashed. What is it with these cords on these cheap headphones?! It's like the wiring inside the insulating rubber is spinning and turns into nasty kinks that can NOT be straightened out.  One side of the headphones is no longer working. One month into usage. See photos, the wiring used is HAIRLINE thickness... these are not made to last.
1,I thought I was getting a good deal on the laptop.  This MacBook was clearly labels as, "Like new with no scratches or damage."  This is the biggest lie ever,  The computer is cracked on the screen hinge from one side to the other.  Plus there are swirl scratches all over the computer, and the worst part was that it wasn't even clean!!!!!  I had to use electronic cleaner to remove dirt, sticker residue on the bottom of the computer, and hair in the hinge of the screen!!!!  This has been a waste of time, a huge headache, and now this computer which was a present for my niece graduating from college, will probably not get a computer that I promised her.....
1,SO FAR SO GOOD!	Light weight, feels and looks just like the Apple KYBD that is 4 times the cost!	UPDATE: 05MAY2018	The KYBD now is freaking out, changed batteries to no avail, still acting like the 7 key is stuck intermittently and the CAP Y no longer works, have to use the CAP-LOCK to get a capital Y!	Too late for return I guess?
1,Broken upon receipt. Returning.
1,Had one ugly dust particle on my Canon 1D Mark III sensor and based on reviews here decided to try the Eclipse system.  I purchased the Digital Survival Kit and read the instructions.  I also watched the company's video on Youtube.  Following the instructions to a letter I cleaned my sensor using the Eclipse solution and swab.  After cleaning I took a photo of the sky with the lens stopped down to f22.  When I viewed the photo on my computer I was horrified.  Where there was a dust particle only in one place I now had a huge thick greasy smear across the center.  Worse, there were spots all over the screen that weren't there before.  I applied the system two more times, blowing out the chamber with a Rocket blower after each cleaning.  The nasty stuff remained and didn't budge.		I've since purchased a dry system, the SensorKlear pen and used that method.  The big smear is now gone as are most of the spots.  The few that remain after two cleanings are very light and don't show up in photos, only when the photo is magnified.  Still, my sensor is dirtier than before using the Eclipse solution.  I'm considering sending the camera in to Canon for a professional cleaning and if I do I might just send the bill to Photographic Solutions.  I should have done better research before buying instead of reading the reviews here.  There are plenty of reports on the camera boards of similar results.		Bottom line, don't buy this system unless you like the dust smeared around your sensor.
1,This soundbar mount may be adequate for light weight plastic soundbars mounted above the TV, but I cant see it working for any soundbar mounted below the TV (Samsung 55KU56300) unless the back of the soundbar presses up against the wall once mounted. I honestly don't believe it can properly hold anything more than 5 LBS without warping even though the brackets are sturdy. Its just a flawed design. I bought this mount based on many positive reviews, and the very low cost, but it didn't work very well for me. I have a ZVOX SB500 soundbar which weighs 12.6 LBS and when I tried mounting it below my TV, the weight causes the bracket to flex towards the wall which allows the soundbar to tilt forward toward the floor. I had to use hard foam plugs between the soundbar and the wall to force the soundbar parallel to the wall and perpendicular to the floor. This is putting some stress on the lower section of the TV mount, so at some point I will be forced to remove the bracket and wall mount the soundbar. In my opinion, the main flaw with this mount is not the issue I had with weight; it is in the short or long extensions that allow a wide angle of adjustment. There are no teeth in the bracket and extension arm to lock them in place when the bolt is tightened. The only thing preventing the extensions from rotating is a small screw and bolt!! Not even a locking washer. Without teeth its not possible to prevent rotation no matter how much you tighten the nut (you will strip it instead). I had to eliminate the extensions and mount the main bracket diagonally between the TV mounting hole and the soundbar mounting hole. This worked, but as mentioned above the weight of the soundbar caused too much deflection in the bracket. On the positive side, the bracket kit has a great selection of mounting hardware, especially the specialized keyhole slot hardware which is pretty clever. Bottom line in my opinion: if the soundbar weights more than 5-8 LBS you may be forced to mount it above the TV where the top of the TV will stop the soundbar from falling forward and keep it parallel with the TV screen. This was not an option for me for various reasons.		Update: Customer support contacted me about the issues mentioned in this review and the latest version of the mount coming soon will have teeth for the adjustable arms to better lock the arms in place. That change alone will not help my scenario with the ZVOX sound bar, but it's an important update. The support team was very courteous and understanding and I rate their service at 5 stars.
1,While its not too difficult to install, the film attracts dusts like a magnet .  Ive always used the other leading brand in the past so I have a pretty good baseline for benchmark.  This film is lacking a good topcoat to repel dusts that are floating in the air.  In addition, finger prints show up and stay, very hard to get rid of.  When I wipe clean the film with a dry cloth, the dusts just get swiped to the sides and become trapped under the frame of the protective case.  I have to remove the protective case in order to get rid of the dusts completely.  I could clean it with a damp cloth I suppose, but the moisture shows up as water spots after drying.  So annoying; I shouldve stayed with that known brand name!
1,They were super big for my ears, I tried with different sizes but it didn't work, they just kept falling, which was really frustrating. They are just so big, the pop out of your ears. The cable is super long and uncomfortable, i wouldn't recommend if you are an active person and want to use them for exercise. I had to return them and it took me a whilr to find another headphones that didn't have this "I got the product for free in exchange of a honest review". At the end they were not very honest.
1,Big mistake!! Once the marshmallow ear bud expands it pops right out of your ear. I read the reviews and thought I'd love them, but they got returned after one day. If you need to take them out and put them back in frequently,  its impossible to get them back in easily. They just pop back out anyway. Don't recommend!!!!
1,Unfortunately it didn't work on my Macbook Pro.  The device would continually (and randomly) unmount from my computer which can damage the content of the SD cards.  I tried plugging directly into the computer's usb port as well as with a powered hub but the problem remained.  I'm not sure if this is a defective unit or if this problem plagues all of these units, but unfortunately I can't afford to damage my cards.  So, I have to return it and go with another option/brand.
1,Constantly reboots, not that stable.
1,Waste of money. Even with the help of my utility it won't connect to my meter and there was nothing in the description that indicated it's compatibility was limited. I spent so much time trying to get it to work, I passed the date for possible return/credit.
1,do not buy, not worth any money for this lens, bad glass, horrible focus, and crazy distortion.
1,Ok, the performance is very nice - I'm streaming PBS full HD without any problems. However, get it before July 29th is you want Windows 10 for free because this is a Win 8.1 device despite the title on this page!! I'm upgrading to 10, I expect it to be ok. Also... take care when installing the microSD card you are almost certainly want to use. I found out the hard way that the microSD slot was off center and the card slipped in *above* the card reader. I was able to get the sd card back out and properly installed. I found that I could not do the set up on my HD TV and had to go to a HDMI monitor to set it up. YMMV.		I down graded my rating because Azulle support sees advertising you will receive Win 10 and ships Win 8.1 as nothing more than an " inconvenience". See the conversation below.
1,Absolutly horrible. Bad shipping. Bad product. What kind of shipping is this?
1,They just updated their app, so now you can just have a preview of your motion detection videos (very short ones). If you want the full video you need to pay for membership.		So if you get a motion detection, and you check your app, you may just see your front door slowly opening. To find out if that was your housekeeper or a burglar you will need to subscribe to their PAID MEMBERSHIP to access the full videos.		NOT WORTHY TO BUY THEIR CAMERAS since nowadays there are countless options for great security cameras without the need for monthly bills.		Do yourself a favor and purchase great cameras for your home from companies that take your security seriously. Don't give your money and don't put your safety on the hands of companies which only purpose is profit.
1,I was sold on the great specs, I was sold on the screen resolution, I spent over a day researching and decided to get the 8 inch ZenPad tablet from ASUS because it was the "Top of the line"....  During all that research, and while ordering the Z Stylus (New and improved and not cheap) Nowhere was I advised that this is THE ONLY ASUS ZENPAD that is incompatible with a stylus?  What?  With all of the other Bells and Whistles?  With all the acclaim and the accolades that it was such a sleeper? Even with YouTube video reviews saying that when the Z-Stylus comes out they would look forward to exploring that feature....  Well, NOPE - they Won't.... because this one ain't got that feature and it is pretty much the only reason why I need a Tablet.  So I wasted at least one day researching, another day getting confirmation from ASUS that there is no software installed or available to utilize the Z-Stylus on this unit, and three more days and shipping costs sending this useless piece of amazing technology back whilst I await my refund...  Thanks ASUS - great planning there, give this thing every advantage - EXCEPT FOR THE USEFUL ONE!  OMG what engineer decided to cut back on that?
1,Broken after 4 days of use. Truely a terribly product with no help from tech support.
1,When I made the online purchase of these headphones, I also asked the charging case, but it never came. My payment included the charging case but was not sent.  I have no way to claim to Amazon for this failure.  By the way, the sound of this earbuds is not good.  Expensive product with really poor quality sound ....plus the failure of charging case... I'm really dissapointed with Amazon
1,I could tell immediately when I opened the box that this purchase was a mistake.  I didn't consult Amazon first; I bought one from Fry's.  When installing the software, it's anything but intuitive.  I still have no idea how to set up the ftp feature.  And, now I'm having hardware issues like the ones mentioned in previous reviews -- the drive just disconnects from the network for no reason.  I'm nipping this one in the a** and returning it immediately.  One star.
1,These arrived with the medium-size rubber tips on the earbuds.  I could barely get them even part way in place in my ears.  I switched the tips out to the smaller size (included) and still could not get them to fit in my ears  They kind of flop out at an angle.  Its a shame because if I hold them up more-or-less in place for a few seconds, it seems they may have a nice sound.
1,wrong part $8 to return it so im stuck
1,There is something very wrong with Amazon's customer product review process. Over a year ago I bought a Fintie case for my Kindle Fire and wrote a good review. I have just bought a Fintie for a Kindle Fire HD and wish to review it. The product simply does NOT work. It is supposed to switch the Kindle Fire HD on and off when opening and closing but it does NOT. When I tried to review it at Amazon I was told that I could not write two reviews for the same product but I want to review a different  Fintie for the Fire 7 HD. This product does NOT work as advertised. This was obvious produced in the belief that the power button would be on the bottom when, ON THE FIRE HD, it is on the top ! Amazon/Fintie are trying to clear stocks of in incorrectly made case. My review will be buried amongst reviews for the Fintie fir Kindle Fire NOT the 7 HD. Shame on you Amazon !.
1,I have owned many Vizio products over the years, and have usually been satisfied with their products. This TV is a piece of junk. I ordered it on 7/3/15 and it shipped Prime. I installed it as a replacement to the 17" LCD in our RV, as the outside dimensions are about the same as the old one, but would give us 7 more inches of screen diagonally. Powered up, scanned the channels, and the picture popped up and looked great - for a moment anyway. Right away the remote would work intermittently, but mostly did not work at all. Then, the screen started to intermittently dim, darkening the picture just enough to be annoying. The power button on the TV also did not work. It did, however, connect to the WiFi right away. After a few very annoying days, I called Amazon and they immediately refunded me and sent a return label. I had to go out of town the next day for a month, so my wife sent it back. Amazon sent the new one on 7/12/15, it arrived on the 14th, and it sat there until I returned home today (just shy of a month). I installed it and guess what - SAME EXACT ISSUES and more. This time, the audio did not work. Settings were good, but nothing. Also, it would not display any WiFi networks (there are at least 15 within range of any device in my RV. I do not know how this has achieved a 4.2 star rating. I had two bad ones in a row with multiple identical issues. The aggravation has been the worst part of it. I spend a lot of money on tech products. This have been very disappointing and I will now think twice about buying Vizio products in the future. Amazon customer service, as always, has been super. Vizio support was a joke.
1,este producto vino defectuoso no cierra bien  queda abierto y me pone el tactil muy mal ...  total decepcion
1,Large backup storage, but retrieval time is slow (and sometimes simply stops my system for several seconds). Next time, I think I'll go with a removable hard drive.
1,I've had my MiniPro Plus/B for a little over a year now and one of the locking rings for the legs became stripped so it would no longer keep the leg extended (they're made of plastic with fine thread so it's easier to strip them). My low rating isn't so much for the fact that the locking ring/nut stripped so easily, but rather due to SunPak's absolutely horrible customer service department.  I emailed them TWICE about this since it "supposedly" has a lifetime warranty, only requesting a replacement locking plastic retainer ring/nut for it.  I've yet to hear from them and it's been over a month and a half since the first email.  I don't know if I should purchase another one and thus have 2 spare locking rings should the replacement fail in time (which I'm sure it will) or just try to find another brand that's better made; or at least has a better manufacturer's customer service.		Any warranty (lifetime or not) is only as good as the company behind it, and thus far, Sunpak seems to be one to avoid.
1,This is the worst screen I ever had
1,This CD case reminds me of a hat I bought in mexico that looked real, but when you put it on, it was apparently "fake". This case is so thin that every time if falls off my shelf, the CD's explode out of it (unzippered). The plastic inserts are so thin you can barely slide them apart to put CD's in.		If I was selling this I would say "paper machete" CD holder with zipper. I would not buy this again if I had the choice.
1,A very basic audio amp that will barely give you 1/2 Vcc output.  This is more useful as a preamp than as a stand alone input for an audio trigger.  i will need to add some addition amplification and a Schmitt trigger in order to use this effectively with a digital input instead f an analog input.  I am building an arduino based sound trigger for a camera flash.		Update: Revised down from 4 to 2 star.	8/17/2016  added an Oscilloscope image showing waveform of a finger snap three inches from the mic at full volume with the board being powered with 5 VDC (draws less than 15 mA).  The LED appears to be just a power on indicator and is most likely the source of most of the power consumption.
1,This product has the following description:		> Supports HDMI 2.0 Technology, which increases bandwidth from 10.2 Gbps to 18 Gbps and is 4k and Ultra HD compatible. Increases from 8 Audio Channels to 32 Audio Channels for expanded audio. 60 fps video playback at 4k resolution. Dynamic synchronization of video and audio streams.		To the contrary of the description, when I connected my ThinkPad X230 to Seiki 39", all I got was 1080p.  When I switched this over with&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Accell-B086B-007B-2/dp/B00F90H77A/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Accell B086B-007B-2</a>, I was able to get 2160p without any issues.
1,Like almost every screen protector I've seen, it was difficult to near impossible to install.  The instructions were almost useless, and I ended up throwing the whole thing into the trash.  It was probably my fault, I'm not very handy at things like this, but it did me no good.
1,Poorly designed. Camera partially obscured. FL ash nearly covered. Nothing for I pencil.
1,LOL, I bought this case (Alienware Vindicator Briefcase for 17-Inch)  because I didn't want to fuss around trying to find one that actually fit my R4 17.3. Guess what? It doesn't fit. I would have to rip the materiel and scratch the computer to get it zip closed. What were they thinking when they made this? DON'T BUY if you have a 17.3 Alienware. This needs to be marketed for the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Alienware-Vindicator-Briefcase-for-17-Inch-Laptop-AWVBC17/dp/B00FJRY294/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Alienware Vindicator Briefcase for 17-Inch Laptop (AWVBC17)</a>15 inch model.
1,Way too much light for a laptop.  The reflection off the keyboard creates a horrible glare on your screen.  The 2 LED models like the Hanerdun are a much better way to go.
1,My devices were constantly struggling to determine if they should be connecting to this extender or the actual modem. Worked well for my parents house which is much larger, but didn't work at all at mine.
1,they smell like gasoline. don't want to keep them in my house, tried to leave them outside baking in the sun for 3 days, but no change
1,I thought I would be able to store files, photos, etc. and be able to retrieve them and view them and access them.  This item is only for back up of files.  I can apparently only back up one computer.  This was an expensive mistake on my part.
1,Don't buy. Just buy a white sheet from your local store. I honestly expected something better.  This is the thinnest sheet possible.  Waste of money.  A large linen table cloth is better
1,Frequent blue screens and crashes after replacing old mobo. Hangs when Verifying DMI Pool every time on a fresh boot (a reboot button press fixes the issue until next boot)
1,Really wanted to like them, but I didn't.  They slip out of my ears when I'm on the treadmill.  I am running 6.5 speed for a 1/4 mile.  They slip out.  Tried different earbuds, same thing.		Also audio quality not as good as MEElectronics M9P.  But really, I got them so they could stay in and they don't.
1,Couldn't get this to fit in my 2005 Honda Element EX then had a hard time returning
1,Not the color it appears to be in the photo. I paid extra for the color to match the interior of my car.
1,This camera didn't work in my system.  It could be that it has a conflicting IP address, but tech support refused to answer any question regarding a preset IP address.  It is impossible to install any camera without knowing the first three numbers of any preset IP address should there be one.  The camera I replace the HOSAFE with did have a posted preset IP address of 192.168.1.12.
1,This hood works fine. Much less pricey than the Nikon version. I am a busy working pro and periodically lose or break these hoods. So far this one fits properly and is holding up.
1,Pros:	Arrived fast, complete. Easy to setup due to all items came already programmed.		Cons:	Users manual lack covering important topics (e.g. there is not a Troubleshooting section); other topics are covered but superficially.	One of the sirens worked only one time (when tested) and then the sound died forever. Due to Im overseas, I am not able to return back the item, otherwise I would do it.
1,not strong enough even for stuff inside your house, if you need just stands or lights, you can buy them both cheaper somewhere else. what sucks is after you get this, you will try and find yourself without any light, I'm talking about even for a beginner.
1,UPDATED Review 3/1/2016: Now 1 star.		Note: I twice purchased a 2 pack of identical looking Mediabridge cables with identical descriptions *except the part number*:	1) Part# 30-004-10B purchased on January 19, 2015	2) Part# 30-004-10X2 purchased on April 10, 2015		One cable faile In June 2015 and the other around August 2015. 4 to 6 months of light use is unacceptable. In both cases, the micro USB end of ONE cable no longer grabs the socket on the phone. The little grip protrusions are now permanently retracted. 2 failures (so far) out of 4 cables ordered. However, I have no way to tell which order the failed cables came from.		I emailed Mediabridge and they kindly offered a replacement. However, I would have to pay postage to send the bad cables so I never sent them. I didn't want to pay anything for more cables that would likely wear out prematurely.		NOTE: Mine had a dual body color of Grey tip with the rest of the body black. The CURRENT photos for BOTH part numbers now show a reversed color scheme (Black tip with the rest of the body, so maybe they changed manufacturers? If that is the case, I wish they would let me know then replace them and I might change my review.		I was particularly disappointed since I have ordered a number of Mediabridge products and usually find their products to be of high quality.		I am placing this review under both order part numbers since, again, can't tell which of the 2 cable PNs failed.		The OLD Review: (WAS 5 star) "Appear to be good quality. More flexible than expected. Micro USB grips solidly when inserted."
1,Charged for one whole day then quit working. I checked the fuse and when I opened the fuse holder I found a wire just hanging with a blob of solder in it. Bad quality
1,This is the second Logitech Fabric Skin Keyboard I received.  The keyboard itself is quite excellent.  I love the touch control and the light weight of the unit.  However, two times the housing covering the on/off button broke off leaving me with a jagged edge on the unit that hurt my finger.  I decided it would be okay to just use the keyboard without the plastic on/off button, but I couldn't get past the hurt finger, considering this is a very expensive keyboard. Another problem was the ipad slipping because of the tenuous hold of the remaining clips.  Amazon is wonderful, as they are sending me a replacement once again.  If Logitech fixes the problem, this keyboard would be superb.  As it is, it is pretty unusable once the housing cover breaks off.  I assume this third keyboard will still have this problem, but I am ordering a replacement instead of a refund because I assume a company as reputable as Logitech would have seen the criticism and fixed the keyboard by now.  If not, I will look into another company.
1,edit/update:	spray bottle is pretty useless, it comes out in globs (not a spray like) and no it doesn't come out like eye drops as it should. It literally come out in globs, I thought it was missing the straw piece to the bottle at first, then realized after a few uses it rises up from the bottom... it's too bad cause the brush is really nice.		Do yourself a favor and a spend a little more for your priceless record collection.
1,terrible sound
1,I bought this card to replace a Belkin card of same model that died in my laptop.  I thought I needed new card, until I tried built-in Laptop WiFi during same day that I ordered the card.  The built-in WiFi actually improved the signal reception between the laptop and the router over what I had experienced with the old Belkin card.  The Amazon, vendor, Digitalet, is good, and provided a credit after I returned the Belkin card (un-opened) and documentation.  The price for the card was good also, but the card apparently is not good because my built-in WiFi had noticably better reception than card, and still allowed me to connect through router and USB hub to the printer for printing.  Recommend using your built-in WiFi (N Standard) rather than buy and use the card.
1,Good item for the price. Next time owever I will takw a closer look at Samsonite carrying cases.
1,Impressive sound from such a small, inexpensive, unit.		UPDATE: After a few months the speakers are crackly from time to time and have to be unplugged to fix it. The subwoofer makes an even more annoying popping sound at times that isn't fixed by unplugging or anything else I've tried. Every time there's bass now there's a farting sound and popping from the sub that continues long after any bass is supposed to be playing. This was a decent product for the 4-5 months it functioned properly.
1,Though the price is right, I didn't like the final results. I tried putting this on my Zune at least a dozen times and couldn't keep from getting dust, a fingerprint or something under it. I also couldn't get it to slide all the bubbles out. I finally went and ordered an invisibleSHIELD and though it was considerably more in price, the ease of putting it on (flawless the 1st time) was worth the extra money.
1,Sometimes it finds satellites and other times, in the same area area with same sky conditions, it just searches. When it does work the distances on most holes are about right.
1,I put two hard drives on this for my NAS. When I would write "hard" to my hard drives it would end up glitching out and i would have to unplug and replug to be able to write to my hard drive again.
1,Bad product
1,I bought two EAP220 and one EAP120 and all three suffered the same failure on their first day of operation. The 2.4GHz radio cut out suddenly.		Another issue is that with the current firmware, these can only be used as access points, not as repeaters.
1,Look nice and worked well for awhile. Now they have all stopped charging as they seem to be making poor contact at the device.
1,Slow for a SSD.
1,Had these for two year, got them for 39.99 so that a little consultation that I didn't overspend.  In the last 6 months the cord started being finicky.  If you moved at all the sounds would cut out for a second or two.  Today, while on the phone (skype) with somebody they completely died!		Pros: they are light weight which is nice; sounds was pretty good while it lasted	Cons: broke after 2 years, bulky
1,We recently moved and almost-kinda got okay reception where we used to live, northwest of the Sandias near Albuquerque. One bar of reception, but it held.		At our new place, east of the mountains, there's absolutely nothing unless I take the radio outside and wiggle the antenna a bunch until it finally picks up a signal.		How did I know the radio wasn't working? A piercing warning the first Saturday after our move-in. That was about as useful as this radio has been for us: It let us know it wasn't doing anything to warn us about weather alerts.		Yes, I knew to try the different frequency settings, and to try different locations in our house, but no luck. Inside, there's nothing but static. Outside, just barely holds that one bar.		Since we do live in an area prone to severe weather, I'm going to have to sign up for notifications via email and on my smartphone.		Anyway, that's the one big drawback to this radio. If you can't get good, solid, more than one bar reception, there's really no point in having the radio on at all.
1,Could not get it to work.  The idea is good but not much good if it does not work on any of your Canon cameras.
1,This is a nice looking case with a slot to stick your stylus in, a firm cover with a slot in the back of the case where you insert the cover.  What can possibly be wrong?  Well, the slot for the cover is in the wrong place to make it stand up flat like in the picture.  The sides along the screen are curled up and separating.  Don't bother with this case.
1,They did not do a quality check on this before sending and the network (LAN) does not work on this
1,Just as many have noted already - its a lightweight plastic construction and lacks the fit and finish of a proper hotshoe umbrella holder.  The umbrella slot causes an off-center shift.  The knobs are all threaded in plastic or loose tin metal that's prone to stripping.  On a c-stand the 5/8" baby pin receiver struggles to tighten the holder on properly and leads to a wobbly mounting job.  The hotshoe is good at tightening onto the flash or trigger but the machining on that mount is slightly off, so the metal tightening onto the foot of the accessory is slanted, leaving less confidence in its holding power over time.  The tilt mechanism seems to hold a decent amount of weight but the knob is plastic and feels as though a good tighten will lead to stripping out.		I think this piece "passes" for hobby work, but if you're doing anything with expensive gear or work as a semi-professional there is no reason not to drop an extra $10 on a good shoe holder that's all metal.
1,Fake! Orange packaging w/blue&white letters is fake.
1,I bought this item without reading any reviews, based purely on the looks. I was looking for an wireless headphone just like that for a while so when I found it I just purchased. The headphone is beautiful, well constructed and works OK, but the sound quality is of an inferior type. The sound seems muffled and weak, quite bland, as if you were hearing from behind a wall. I own three other bluetooth headphones of the same price range and all of them sound way better than this one.
1,Didn't stay put and didn't fit.
1,after formatting the card there was only 28.3GB of space left!!! the 32GB card this was meant to replace has more free space.		These are a rip-off, stay far away
1,It works with my Macbook pro, Macbook Air and Sony's DVD writer which need two USB ports to drive.	The reasons for two stars:		1. the cheap blue LED light leaked everywhere	2. the USB plug is far more ugly than the picture, so does the cable	3. the cable is too short		review updated on Feb 25 2014	The product which I received is not as the one on product page.	I wrote a negative review as above and got a reply from the sell telling me they are to modify the pictures on product page.	But the truth is, one month passed, they did NOT change those pictures till now!		The product you are receiving will be more ugly than the pictures.	Be aware of this kind of dishonest seller!
1,It came quickly, looks nice, and feels steady and of good quality but doesn't work. I've tried moving it around, recalibrating it, but nothing works. I get five channels - none of which I can watch. Not even local channels. I'm disappointed.
1,I loved this case at first, but the clips holding the tablet in broke after a few months. Very disappointed.
1,Worked for a few months then seemed to stop altering.
1,This company sent me a defective cable--I was totally frustrated with the fact that I could not get a new docking station to work--thinking there was a defective port on the docking station--turns out it is this dumb cable.  I will not buy from this company again.
1,It stopped working almost immediately.  We returned it, exchanging it for another one (thinking it was just a lemon), and the second one did the same thing.  Called the manufacturer - they're supposed to be upgrading it soon.  We'll give it one more try after they've come out with the new version.  Otherwise, cannot recommend as it is now.
1,I recently purchased this stereo, mainly because it had a turntable and cassette player in addition to the CD player. When it came, i saw that the unit was much smaller than it appeared in the photo, but I decided to keep an open mind. It was easy to set up and I was excited to play a vinyl. The sound quality was not what I had hoped for. It was quite muffled. Also, the turntable made a noise that is difficult to describe; I wasn't able to ignore it. I played the same record on my current turntable for soynd comparison and the one I have sounds much better, even though it cost less than this unit. This is an okay stereo, especially if nothing else is available. For me though, I immediately packed the stereo back up and returned it.
1,This is the second unit of this model I've had to replace in 18 months.  They simply die--very poor quality and value!!
1,I hate it No windows XP driver supply and no driver avable on line
1,I've had an opportunity to use and try a dozen different home connected cameras and was interesting in trying this one because of the hype surrounding its Indiegogo. Overall, I'm very disappointed.		+Setup is easy. Very easy. Download the (lowly rated app on Android) and create an account then link the camera. 5 minutes to completion. Very easy. (Not 30 seconds like the box says. I'm not even sure that's possible. Unboxing and plugging in is 30 seconds. Downloading and running the app is 30 seconds. Creating an account is more than 30 seconds.)	+The video is clear both in light and dark.	+The camera does swivel almost straight up and in 360 degrees in a circle. It will not be able to reach things below the horizon of the base or straight up above the camera. So if you install upside down on the ceiling, be aware of the limitations when placing it.	+Two way speakers work and are clear.	+Alerts work as well once set up.	-I didn't get any info in the app about environment or CO2. Perhaps I gave up on it too soon.	-The app, though, is limited for Android and this doesn't play well with other connected devices. It didn't connect to Wink or IFTTT so I couldn't establish robots or recipes to use this with other smart home items. I'm so sick of new products coming out that don't natively support the smart home established protocols and work well with others. I'm not going to install 10 apps on my phone for alerts in different areas of my home.	+/-The laser was, frankly, weird to me. But if you have a cat and must play with it then have a blast. It does have three (!) different modes to automate the movement of the laser.	-The cost is high for a standard smart cam. You can easily get other devices that I think are better or at least as good with features that I found more useful for the same or less money than the current $100 price point.		Unless you have an apartment or small home with a cat that you miss and want to check on throughout the day, this isn't the best option - or even a very good option. As far as cameras with sensors there are other options that work well with your other smart home devices, like a Canary or EZVIZ cameras. I just don't see a way that this meets any need that other cameras haven't already met at a lower price point.
1,Super duper cheap. Its full of a ton of white static noise. All you hear is shhhhhhhhhhhhh crshhhhhhhhhhh bshhhhhhh and that was in a silent room........ maybe i got a defect? Idk ill have to find time to return it now. Being full time job and fulltime college.
1,PARTIALLY worked for 5 minutes then quite completely. Never would switch between devices automatically had to do it manually.
1,I've gone through about four different sets of these earphones, always having them replaced on the assumption and hope that my experience of one ear bud going out is an isolated defect.  The ear buds work wonders for several months, but then - time and again - one of the ear buds either goes out or severally loses its volume by no fault of my own.  Just like that, the sound is reduced in one of my ears.  After making so many replacements, I've given up and will be moving on to another set of ear buds.
1,It was falling apart after a couple weeks, returned it and purchased a different case.
1,I finally had a chance to use this the other day after owning it for a long time--went to plug it into the TV to watch a movie and it didn't work.
1,This is junk. I didn't notice when buying that most of the 5 star ratings are from paid reviewers. Not worth 4.99. The lens is all scratched up. There was no mention in the seller description that this is motion activated.
1,will be returning this  need to buy the outdoor
1,it was good , but after one week the cable keeps disconnecting whenever I touch it !!!!
1,If you expect to work in silence or listen to your music without hearing the coffee shop music in the background, these headphones won't do that.  The Starbucks is still very loud and clear!  ugghhh!!
1,How can people even recommend this case? The description states "premium quality PU leather" however it feels like some cheap recycled cardboard box, I honestly thought it was made out of cardboard because the top/front cover is just as flexible as a cardboard box lid. I have no idea what material it is but it's definitely not "premium quality PU leather" unless standards have dropped and the definition of the word "premium" needs to be amended.		When the lid is folded into a "triangle", the weak, useless magnet allows it to reopen way too easily. There seems to be one magnet at the centre of the cover because both left & right edges don't even close properly.		The plastic borders feel cheap and aren't sturdy, mine doesn't even snap in properly. At any point in time I feel as if my precious Ipad Air is about to slide right out and run very far away from this atrocious excuse for a case.		I only gave this case 1 star because it was shipped pretty quickly, so I must commend the seller for that.		This case makes me cringe everytime I look at it. I have since removed my ipad from this chinese piece of junk and intend to use it as a catapult.
1,I bought an Axim x51v hoping to use my Street Atlas Handheld software on it but after just a few minutes of use I started looking elsewhere. I concur with all the bad reviews it has gotten simply because of the hassle you are put through assembling and transferring maps to the handheld unit.	I have not been able to transfer routes from my laptop to the PPC. That would be easier than trying to do it on the tiny screen with a stylus and all the controls that better software has is totally missing on SA Handheld.	My advice is "Don't waste yor money on SA Handheld".
1,I bought my WN300RP locally, brought it home and did the WPS setup.  All the proper lights on the unit lit up so I thought I'm done.  When I tried to connect my netbook through Wifi I couldn't connect.  I tried connecting through the Ethernet Port same problem.  I tried going to the Netgear web site to get the user manual listed in the Install manual, but none exists.  I also noticed that the on/off button no longer functioned.  I then did a factory reset and started a manual install from Wifi.  I was greeted with a wizard on my browser and set up the unit without any difficulty.  Again all lights were indicating success, but I could not connect Wifi or Ethernet.  Just to be sure I also tried setup from the Ethernet port with same results.  I took it back and got a refund!  If this is the product that Netgear is sending out, I've lost confidence in buying their product!
1,With the first 5 times I used it I loved it, then it wouldn't work any more on neither my iPad, iPad Air2, iPhone 5 and iPhone 6. Had to go back to my original long cable that came with the devices. It says in description that it has a 1 tear warranty but Amazon does not recognize it. Not only is thing cheap, it is fraudulent advertising!
1,i bought this drive for my mom so then i can install it inside her macbook. This hard drives doesn't have sata connector just some funky usb port	i had no time to return this drive, since it was a christmas prezent and it was already too late.  And that way WD  is destroying their good name
1,Messed up my PC on installation, maybe my fault maybe not. All I know is put this thing in and when I press the power button it's like BEEEP BEEEP BEEEP BEEEP BEEEP and the screen doesn't come on.
1,I ordered these thinking they were 5 10' cables. What actually arrived was 5 2' cables for a total length of 10'. I returned these cables and ordered the blue rigger cables
1,Cold soldered items just won't do it. Bought 2 of these and one of the plug broke when we change drive. Had to resolder main wires.
1,If you are in need of parental controls do not buy any of the following routers from Linksys:	LINKSYS EA-4500 N900	LINKSYS WRT-1900 ACS	Linksys EA8500 Max-Stream AC2600 MU-MIMO Smart Wi-Fi Router		I bought them and the Parental Controls do not work.	I but the LINKSYS WRT-1900 ACS  to replace the LINKSYS EA-4500 N900 in hope to resolve the issue.	Linksys exchanged / upgraded me for free from LINKSYS WRT-1900 ACS to the Linksys EA8500 Max-Stream AC2600 MU-MIMO Smart Wi-Fi Router with the reassurance that it will work.	I have been dealing with them since Dec 2017, trying to fix it to no avail.	Monday, March 19, 2018, I am contacting a lawyer to initiate a class action law suit.
1,Literally bought this 2 months ago and it has stopped working, I do not even have a return option! I would like an exchange!
1,Not working.  Returned it.
1,With the volume set to maximum you can barely hear the callers. Excellent for FM Radio and music playback on via the phone.
1,Does not fit securely to listed device.
1,i don't like the item because it does not fit. i don't like the word requirment sometime you don't have much to say
1,12 gauge wouldnt fit, 10 gauge looks like a hot dog going down a hallway.  Waited on these to finish a project.  Ill just order multiple sizes somewhere else for the same price.
1,Regrettably this device didn't work for me so returned it.  Amazon was awesome & credited my account immediately.
1,Love love love this.  I found out about it from my sister, who had one in her car and I bought one immediately.  Finally, a reason to have a disk player in the car! lol  It works great.  The only thing about it is that it covers the screen of our cars a bit, but I don't know how they would work around that except to get a smaller phone, so it's not really their fault.  Doesn't really bother me, except when I want to know what time it is.  Other than that, it's perfect.		*****edit****	My husband tried to adjust the angle of this and it broke, so, there's that....		***2nd edit*** The day after my husband's broke, mine fell apart.  He wasn't even touching it, it just broke apart from the weight of the phone, I guess?  So both of them only lasted a couple of months.  I'm so disappointed.
1,This isn't at all what I ordered. It's a cheap plastic snap on cover. The picture shows an apple on the center and this is literally a cheap piece of plastic that will break in a matter of minutes.
1,The case was decently made but definitely on the "you get what you pay for" end of the spectrum.  Don't buy this expecting top leather.  It did seem to hold the tablet safely enough.  The prop stand was merely a prop stand, not the wraparound shown in some of the images.		The keyboard keys seemed nice enough but the Bluetooth connection never worked.  Even with a full battery, the sync process would not start.  For that reason. ended up sending this case back.
1,I've now spent 3 hours trying to get the BDP-S3100 to connect to a Samsung TFT-LCD Television LNT4665.  All I get after repeatedly turning things on and off in various orders and trying different HDMI cables is "Not supported mode" on the TV.  I'll keep trying for a while tomorrow.
1,Didn't work well fore me.  Find a better solution, IMHO.
1,Just utter crap.  Seems like a good deal but it's not.  I had about 20-30 of these break in some way shape or form. Either the strain relief broke upon crimping or one or sometimes multiple of the conductor pins crimped at an angle and never made contact with the copper.  I purchased nicer ones from Platinum tools and haven't had a single one of those break or have a crimping issue.  Do not buy these, the headache of having to re-crimp 25-30% of your ends is not worth the $10 these cheaper ends save you.
1,Wasn't impressed. Did a sound quality comparison between the on-phone mic(Samsung Note 5) and this and heard very little difference.
1,By default, the Seagate Central NAS system provides a public folder for sharing data. Thousands of Seagate Central NAS units have been compromised by Mal/Miner-C. They contain two files, Photo.scr and info.zip. These files show up in every folder and will severely infect your computer if accessed. The remote access point that is being used can not be permanently turned off. As soon as the unit reboots the bad guys come back in.
1,Worked great for first day. Confusing download on drivers. Can't figure out how to contact customer support easily. Major rebounding issues. You scroll down the page and it jumps back up. Frustrating. Returning.
1,I ordered this for my computer.  After trying to set it up, I found that it was not compatible with my digital telephone line.  Had to return it.
1,There's a defect with these cables. They don't work. I thought maybe they were too long, and I took one apart, but even when shortened, doesn't work. They are clearly made poorly. Don't buy these.
1,Where to start.  The cd and directions do not match at all.  The drivers they speak of don't exist as I can find.  When installing the CD made in China, you are instructed to disable your antivirus program...huge warning to me.  When the unit installed my windows 7 computer supposedly loaded the drivers, which didn't match the ones listed in the directions.  Too bad, I wanted this to work but too many red flags.  After reading so many negative reviews (and some positive) I really was hesitant to buy this, but feeling somewhat handy and capable with the computer thought the negatives were user errors...Not the case as I see.  Buyer beware and maybe the "positive" review people can shed some light on this product.
1,My Garmin GPS model does not fit in this device which seems more suited to cell phones.
1,I've been using Lugloc for a bit and have taken it with me for domestic and international travel.  I also have the Trakdot and will add a comparison between the two.		Pros: I get more accurate updates with the Lugloc compared to the other product Trakdot during travels in the US and Western Europe.  The battery is rechargeable and will last a few days so just need to remember to charge on your return trip if it's a week or longer.		Cons: One of the reasons I had purchased this model was it seemed like I could track my luggage anywhere this unit picks up a Cell signal, however that is not the case. I can track this item when it's at an airport and if I am near my luggage via BT.  It is NOT like using the app Find my Iphone but the app is better than the Trakdot app.	One of the major con's here is that the annual fee is $69/year  If you travel once in a while I think they have a single trip cost or for a shorter trip but the annual fee of $69/year Per device/Luggage seems a little steep.  I would gladly pay the $69/yr if it worked like the Find my Iphone app but it's useless outside of the airport.		The only thing this will tell you is which airport your luggage is at, but it can not tell you where in the airport.		I like the slim design, built-in battery, easy to use app, however, I do not think this product would be useful if the luggage was stolen.  It works well telling me my luggage is at the airport when I take off and at the airport when the plane lands.  Beyond that, unless I'm 30 feet or so using BT, I have no idea where at the airport my luggage is.		If the only thing you want to know is your luggage made it on the plane you're on when you lan, then this product would work for you.
1,Product only works when it wants to!	And the Supplier works like the product does!	Spend a few bucks more and up grade to a better splitter.
1,Look elsewhere. This has many shortcomings that even a camera I paid about the same for years ago overcomes. The motion detection is only on draggable rectangle. Every other camera I've used has a grid where you can enable "cells" for motion detection. When triggered, doesn't record long enough - only about 4 seconds. You can see what tripped it, but probably not what actually happened. And even as the highest setting for "cool off", it remains idle for too long after detecting motion. On it's lowest motion sensitivity, it's a bit hyper-sensitive. I've not dared to try medium or high. The app always defaults to SD, you have to change to HD each time to see HD video (even when it was recorded?).  I've added a microSD card - highly recommended, as you can still playback from it (power cycle the camera to make it recognize the card). Their online storage service is outrageously expensive!
1,this works, but it comes in pieces that have to be assembled. normally i'm fine with that, but here the pieces were all mis-labeled, and some of them didn't fit together easily, so assembly was a pain. in the end it worked, and it's holding my TV up, but i should have spent more money for a Sanus or other name brand mount.
1,Discontinued for a reason.  Cheap product.
1,After 2 days the unit broke when it somehow managed to blow up a set of AAA's. One of the AAA's actually managed to fly across the room.		Was charging standard alkaline batteries which still had half charge as read off a battery tester.
1,I received my GeForce 6200 today and was eager to install it as I just recently signed up with Netflix and wanted to stream movies through my PC (Dell Dimension 3000, upgraded to P4 3.0 with 2GB ram).  Prior to the 6200, I had the FX-5200 128mb PCI card.  Boy am I so disappointed.  With the FX-5200, the Netflix streaming videos was choppy at full screen and tolerable while viewing in a browser.  After installing the 6200, the video isn't much better at all, only slightly smoother at regular size, but still choppy at full screen.  (By the way, viewing Netflix on Xbox360 is the way to go.  So much better than this old PC).		I also ran Novabench benchmark software to get an idea of how the 6200 faired against the FX-5200, and it was marginal at best.  I saved several tests months ago when I configured my system with the FX-5200 and compared those with the 6200 installed and with the 6200, overall benchmark score was lower, and in most cases the overall video marks were lower, too.		Example:		Today, 6200 installed:	Graphics Tests (Score: 16)		- Random Lines Drawn/Second: 8444	- Random Shapes Drawn/Second: 2048		07.13.08, FX-5200 installed:	Graphics Tests (Score: 19)		- Random Lines Drawn/Second: 7503	- Random Shapes Drawn/Second: 2151		Pros: none		Cons: Difficult to install.  I had to reboot a couple times and log off my profile twice in order for the desktop to appear.  I never had this much difficulty with a video card install.  The overall performance isn't much better than a 128mb card at half the price.  The GeForce 6200 doesn't even come with a fan, while the FX-5200 does!		Good thing I bought this through Wal-Mart online, because this card is going back.  I have a old system, yes, and this "upgrade" is not significant enough to say that it made a difference.  The FX-5200 was a vast improvement over the on-board video card and was less than $30 eight months ago.  Again, I'm very disappointed with this card.		A word to the wise, if you already have a decent 128mb video card in your "old" PC, do not buy this card.  Save your money and put that towards your next PC purchase, preferably a Duo-core or Core-2-Duo system.  Forget trying to squeeze out more speed from a P4.  From what I've read, you won't be doing any good upgrading the motherboard (socket 478) with a PCI-E slot.  You'll still be hampered by the P4 processor.
1,Broke
1,If I had to do it all over again, I would buy something else. They are simply not good headsets. I cant stand to use them. The set up is counterintuitive. The sound is subpar and tech is dated. Enough said. What happened to the Sony of the 90's.
1,Just like a recent reviewer, the display went dim, and the next day it would not turn on at all.	It's dead. Had to open the thing to get my disc back!
1,The box it shipped in says the right model name, but the glass protector extends out past the edge of the tablet.  There is also a weird hole at the top that serves no purpose.  It doesn't have a cut out for the home keys. It is completely unsuitable for use on my zenpad 10 and is clearly designed for some other tablet.
1,Piece of crap. Waist of time ,money and energy.. Not cd quality as I expected, Same thing happened to me as another reviewer on here, plays fine the first time, then the next time a bunch of static. I found I had to mash the left side of the player in to play clearly, if not --- Static..... :(
1,It's okay but as others have mentioned, it is bigger than the screen. Also, has many bubbles that cannot be released. I've removed them on other devices so it's not like I am unfamiliar with the process. Save your money and purchase one that has higher positive reviews.
1,Pretty poorly engineered.  Need to make adaptations in order for it to work.  Disappointed in the quality.
1,I bought this HP laptop for my son as a birthday present from a big box store.  The case fan died after 6 weeks of intermittent use.  He'll be without it for about 2 weeks once I find the address for warranty work.		This laptop is very light weight, compared to the other 3 laptops in the house.  (1 Dell, 2 Toshibas)
1,You can only use the USB port for Music and photos. You can't put movies on a flash drive and watch them.
1,Picture quality is so grainy, I had to return it. It didn't matter how much light was in my room (I bought professional lighting equipment with the camcorder) it was still very grainy, i don't know why because the test videos didn't look bad. microphone is good. touchscreen is ok. It attaches to a standard tripod easily.		I'm going to buy a dslr once I return this.
1,My wife won this and we got what we paid for.  Neither of us can take good pictures with it.  The auto-focus is so slow all the pictures come out blurry.	I'm a descent photographer and love my Nikon D90 and my Sony Cybershot.  I can take great pictures with them and all the other cameras I've used.  But not this one.	I would return it...if we hadn't gotten it for free.
1,I had vertical lines out of the box.  I was hoping it was some setting, but after a Google of "HD20 Vertical Lines" I realized it was a defect.  Some said it did not develop until later... a risk I was not willing to take.  Some reasons are bad color wheel or connector not seated.  Some solutions said to "squeeze the unit top to bottom".  Seems like a good value if you don't have the vertical line issue.  The mounting screws are much slimmer than my old Mitsubishi and overall not as solid... a minor nit-pick I know but prefer the larger screws.  Oh, and the listing said Grey and I got a White unit.		Sent it back.
1,Very very very cheap doesnt even hold tablet firmly would not buy again. Very disappointing
1,I drive a Jeep. I mounted it to a flat square of hard plastic, below the A/C controls. Within a month, it simply fell of while I was driving, on city streets. I never even took it off-road. The adhesive is apparently not as good as I had hoped.
1,extremely low quality, broke ends while trying to install and use it		I did not see the phillips name anywhere on it, likely not made by them at all
1,Really crappy. Very disappointed. Will not go on wi fi just had it couple of weeks. Can not get anyone to help on it. Not a good one.
1,stopped working after a week...i used the parts in other DIY projects
1,The fluid head to this product is sub par at best, and the locking mechanism looks like it had already endured some wear and tear because it was not 100% at all. The legs to this tripod are magnificent though and could honestly give Heidi Klum's legs a run for there money. This product is solid and strong and would get a 5 star if the fluid head wasn't so s***. I'm giving it a 2 star because I did not want to pay this much money for a stand still tripod. The fluid head is the main purpose, and without that the video is crap. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.
1,IT DOESN'T COME WITH BEZEL. IT FITS DVD BAY BUT LOOKS UGLY WITHOUT BEZEL. PICTURE SHOWS IT COMES WITH BEZEL BUT DOES NOT. I WON' RECOMMEND TO MY FRIEND.
1,The power supply is really easy to install and the cabling is completely modular.	In normal operation, it emits some random soft knocking noises (a bit like a mechanical disk head bumping into something, for comparison).	Also, at random times, the fan is loudly kicking off and spinning up briefly like a car would do when the drive revs up the engine at idle.	Finally, the fan spins at full speed on a cold start and upon computer wake, but not on computer restart, go figure...	Since I bought this PSU mostly to get silent operation under low load, that doesn't work at all for me.
1,The microphone didn't work out of the box. I hate $20 products that make you spend hours on the phone to correct the problem. I just trew it to the garbage.
1,Does not have a support of dual single drivers. Fan on high is extremly loud with piching sound. Be sure to hide this beast in a closet :)
1,This thing does not work.  Constant "OS not found" and loose internal battery connection causes system to restart if held while operating. This happened with the one I received and one a friend received as well.
1,It not as clear as I expected
1,I bought this with lifetime maps, now the are not supporting this any longer!  What does lifetime mean, to me it would be until the unit or I die. this a complete ripoff of the Tom Tom customer and I have two different models!!!!!!! I love the ease of used of the units, but, what is the recourse for a client that buys a product, and the manufacturer refuses to backup their written selling statements!!
1,I bought this camera becasue of the Zoom and full HD camera.  I am surprised that Nikon put out such a cheaply made product.  I use a snap camera like this 6 or 7 times a year.  Vacation, parties, concerts mostly.  The focus was poor on snapshots and the HD video was blurry when you zoomed in and out.  But my BIGGEST complaint was that 2 months into having it, the shutter would not open consistently.  I sent it to Nikon to have them do the warranty work and got it back.  Tried it out, and it seemed fixed.  Took it on my next vacation.  Again, the shutter wouldn't open.  At that point I got a Canon Powershot SX260.  It far exceeds this camera, quality and reliability.  Let them work out the bugs in this camera.  I give it 1 star because the warranty work did not fix the problem and it failed on me during a vacation.  Just too unreliable.  If I could get my money back, i would.
1,Could not get a signal out of it.
1,only worked for one week!
1,The floppy drive that I received did not look like the one pictured in the ad.  Also, it certainly didn't perform as the 4 star average for this product would indicate.  The problems I experienced were:		* Would not read a pre-formatted floppy disk.	* Would not format a floppy disk until it had been plugged/unplugged three times.	* Once it formatted a floppy and would read it, when the floppy was swapped for a different one, it would not refresh to show the contents of the new disk.	* The drive itself did not say Mitsumi anywhere on it.  It was prominently labeled "Made in China".  I thought Mitsumi was a Japanese company.		I attempted to return this drive to the seller and I purchased a HP brand to replace it.		http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0001PBJMW/ref=oh_details_o03_s00_i00		This drive works perfectly, though it cost twice as much.  That was probably money well spent.
1,Does not fit for the SRS-BTX500.
1,Bought and replaced this APC battery in May 2016...APC Power Chute is telling me now there is a fault with the battery and it's showing 0% charge and needs to be replaced..one would hope that a genuine APC battery would last more than three months huh?? I was hesitant to buy a battery online, but figured the APC brand would be OK...wrong again!! I'm buying a new battery backup...and it won't be an APC! Sorry Schneider Electric. If this battery did come from you..it's basically junk and your quality control process needs to be looked at.
1,This is great protection.  I was worried about heat, but no noticeable difference.  Very easy to install!  Highly recommended.		UPDATE 1 YEAR LATER		This was a terrible thing to do to my macbook.  Dirt and other things eventually work there way in between the case and the macbook.  The result is that the macbook becomes scratched from the constant rubbing of the dirt particles causing the macbook to look terrible.
1,I received my package today noon and one side of the power  and middle outlets don't work ,so i tried my other Power strip that one all outlets work.
1,The cover and the back were sewn on improperly so that when the cover shut, it was not straight. Poor manufacturing. Returned. Also, a little too bulky for my tastes, and the "leather" smell coming out of the plastic shrink wrap was nauseous.
1,It didn't work put in the trash
1,Stopped working after about a month. Really disapointed, I've got friends who have used this brand and swear by it. But in my case the reader stopped reading the SD cards after about 5 weeks.
1,The problem with this navigator is that Logitech abandoned support and updates for OSX 10.5. So it will still work for zooming in and out of applications and scrolling but there's no software to customize applications to interact with the navigator.	I used it extensively for Photoshop in OSX 10.4 and it was very efficient to speedup my workflow. Too bad Logithech decided to strip this great tool of its functionality.
1,The picture is very poor and faded.  I tested the monitor with another rear view camera and that pic was fine.  I also tested this camera with another monitor I had with no improvement.  Definitely not worth the money or time.
1,One of the cables doesn't work, and one doesn't have the tabs to keep it plugged in on the micro USB end.  The other two cables are awesome.
1,I have a network admin degree and couldn't get the 2.4 to connect on legacy devices. The 5GHz was just average, but if you have a Samsung TAB 2 or a kids NABI this router won't work with it. Any device that requires the use of the lower band will not connect. I sat right next to the router, just 2 feet from it, with just 2 bars of signal. This is verified on several reviews all over the web. Taking it back tomorrow. Very poor performance.		UPDATE, I bought a DLINK N750 Cloud Router 2500 and its giving me 5 bars on both 2.4GHZ and 5GHZ all over the house and even across the street. I paid the same price for it as the Belkin locally on sale.
1,I tried to use this cable to connect a normal SVGA out from a PC to my Samsung HDTV.  It would not work.  Neither device recognized that it was connected.  Replacing the cable with a different one worked fine.  So it is the cable.  The audio part of the cable worked fine.
1,This card is supposed to work with Vista 32-bit system but it did not work for me. I called the EVGA tech support and they suggested various things, nothing helped. Even I uninstalled the old graphic card from the add-remove programs but it screwed my computer and I had to reinstall the vista again.		The CD that came with the card did not have the latest driver for vista so I tried online but got the same errors. So I cannot say if the card is good or bad. I made several tries putting this card in and taking out working my way out with options. When I installed it first time the computer installed the drives on its own for this card and it said successfully installed but it did not show the card in device manager.		In the end I returned the card for a full refund. That is good of Amazon.
1,I do not feel it does what it is described to do. Very disappointed in the quality of sound. If used for mids/highs it sounds worse than a 4". As for a sub it was horrific. Sounded like the box was leaking air but it was coming from the speaker. I have always been a fan of Rockford but this speaker sounds terrible. I returned it and went with a kicker.
1,The device did not fit without covering up the camera.  The power button is under the cover and the access to everything else.
1,Not inpressed with the sticky velcro that is on the outside of the band when you put it on your arm.  It rips at my clothing and there is no purpose for it to be there.  Without it it would be great.  Now not so much.
1,Need
1,Easy to use, great storage, inexpensive. However, I've had mine for only a few weeks and already the battery is going dead and won't charge past 42% capacity.
1,returned, stabilization did not seem to function
1,It is hard to know who these headphones were made for, but most normal adults would find these uncomfortable to wear if not impossible. Maybe they could work for small children. Unless you have a very small head I would stay away from these. Thankfully Amazon has an excellent return policy and system.
1,Camera would not connect with new wifi system when Roku,phone, and laptop all worked fine in the environment.	Tech said that this camera only worked with BG system frequencies.	Then the camera phone APP has no password recovery function so was locked out.	Amazon customer  service rep was very reputable in allowing return after reasonable and varied appropriate interventions to setting up.
1,The mounting thread size is not standard and the screws provided cannot be used in all chassis.  For example, a chassis I'm working with has rubber grommets and longer screws to fit through the rubber grommets.  The screws are standard size which fit all hard drives but will not fit this adapter since it has smaller threads and comes with special screws which are too short to work with the rubber grommets.  No idea who in their right mind would design something to adapt a 2.5" drive to a 3.5" drive but then use non-standard thread sizes for the mounting screws!!
1,was not compatible w/my motherboard and it killed it,even though it was the same as was in it working
1,To slow for modern cameras
1,It would get 5 stars if not for the space bar if you don't hit it in the middle and hard it doesn't work.  I bought this one to test before buying 45 more of them for the company. If you need it for typing DON'T buy this one.	And sending it back is a waste of time. If I can't get mine fixed I'll never get another Acer.		After using this computer a few months now and after I sent it back to Acer to fix the space bar which they can't fix.	Don't buy this computer you will be sorry I am.	I will never buy any Acer product again nor will my company.
1,Purchased for my daughter for Christmas. Initially she loved it, but the audio started to distort after a few days. Left ear cushion fell off because a plastic tab that attaches it broke. (My daughter taped it back together) Within 2 weeks only one side worked and sounded terrible. Completely died in under a month of use. Contacted to seller to see about a replacement. Never received a response.
1,This is a little PIA to use. Once it's on you get a little versatility but nothing a mini tripod can't do better. There are some small ones you can get that also act as a handle. It's well made but the biggest hassle is screwing it on and off. The goofy tool that's attached on a string is just another thing to get in the way and keep track of and doesn't work when you have the screw positioned in certain spots. They could have used a Dring. 1 leg has a little play in it. For the money I would skip this. It's not worth getting.
1,Screen resolution not great
1,Cannot detect automatic power on and don't work without a transformer...
1,I can't really say how well this works since there are no open frequencies in my area and I haven't been able to actually tune in to an open channel.  This tuner only works on four channels between 80 and 90.  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.
1,Brittle plastic case with a week point where the metal inserts are for the metal latch.  A nice slim case with a good fit.  Cut outs for all he butons, and plugs.  Looks and feels good in your hand.  The only problem is the latch.  It has a magnet in the cover and two small metal inserts in the case that the magnets latch onto to hold the cover closed.  Good idea that works well.  At leat until the metal inserts split out of the case.  There is only 1/32" (1mm) of plastic surrounding the metal inserts.  One split out entirely and the other is cracked.  Looks like a minor design flaw, thin material and a sharp reentrant corner create a stress concentration.  I don't recall dropping or thumping it, but regardless, it is an obvious weak point once you see it.		Update.. Both inserts fell out.  Case broken thru.  All cracked around the inserts.
1,Want batteries that stop holding a charge after a year and are too big too fit correctly in all your devices? Then these are for you!	I have 40 of these batteries, and after a year they ALL have issues. They lose charge while not in use, even when in warm environments. I have had photoshoots where I charge the batteries all night, the green lights are lit up, and then the batteries are next to dead as soon as I put them into my speedlights. Not only that, but they get stuck in everything I put them in; Speedlights, my computer mouse, you name it. They are just bigger than regular AA batteries for some reason, and the white cover starts peeling up after a month or two of solid use.
1,This is a very thin Chinese wire I don't expect it to last very long especially if it is ever moved.
1,Broke about 13 months after use. They do not charge anymore via any USB plug I've used. Lightly used only while running.		I am deeply disappointed in how fast these have broken. I will stay away from JayBird products for the rest of my life and stick to wired earbuds.
1,it is bad quality	at least you have 3 of them, need to change every month.	you see all the touches
1,My review is based on my total experience with the Rockford Fosgate subwoofer. I originally purchased this subwoofer in November 2013, and had it installed in my 09 camry with a LC2I converter to send the low level inputs to my sub, since I was using the factory radio. the sound was pretty nice and the price was just right. I didn't get deep deep bass like one of those 1,000 watt systems, nor was I looking for that. It complimented my setup nicely. It adds depth to the already nice sounding JBL system in my camry that was missing before. that was up until:		2 months later on December 26 to be exact, the subwoofer stopped working. being that the system is under 60 days I figured that maybe I had a defective one. I contacted Sonic Electronix about my issue and was asked to push down on the subwoofer to check if it was blown. I questioned it because the holes in the grille are so small, that you can't fit anything in there to push it down. so I took the subwoofer out of the box and noticed that the wire to the cone was broke. I took pictures and sent them in to Sonic, and got a message back telling me that it wasn't enough to tell if it was blown. so I peel off the grille which is really stuck to the speaker and press down on the sub. no grinding or anything. I write back and tell them, and I got nothing back in return, no email, no call or acknowledgement.		 I call customer service 2 days later and get in a argument about how the damage was my fault. the customer service representative said that I cut the speaker wire and I was looking for some type of replacement. WRONG, a quick search has shown this situation has happened before on these powered subs. the wire utilized between the amp and the sub are more than sufficient to supply the power needed, but the problem is from the tab to the underside of the cone. that is where the wire burned up. the customer service Rep is a joke and said that he could get me a great deal on a new sub. No thank you. after dealing with all this in just under 60 days, I will avoid sonic electronics like the plague. Rockford Fosgate needs to better design the sub to last more than 60 days, the quality of the box is amazing, but we just don't want to look at the pretty outter material, we would like to enjoy what comes out of it, so in all I would stay away from this sub setup and even worse, Sonic Electronix has lost a customer forever.
1,What a complete piece of junk!!!		I bought this thing for "piece of mind" while out of town for the holidays.	Stopped working 600 from home!		I hope this company fails and is dissolved forever!!!!!!
1,Stopped working after one year.  The 90 day warranty should have given me an indication that this product was not expected to last long.  I would have hoped for at least 3 years life out of it.  My advise is to pay a few dollars more and get a better quality product.
1,both failed
1,The Good:	This unit has surprisingly good range, even without external antennas.  I live in the country and can easily connect with several laptops in the barn, 150 ft. from the router and even in a few places as far away as 300 feet.  My tablet doesn't do as well but I think that is a reflection on the tablet.  I've have a lot of wired and wireless devices and the router keeps them all playing together nicely without address conflicts, drop outs or other problem for the most part. The USB network drive is great for sharing files among the various devices, when it works.		The Bad:	The advertised apps for monitoring local traffic and such are almost worthless.  It really is not very "smart".		The Ugly:	Customer Service at linksys is worse than worthless.  When my USB hard drive connected to the router quit working, I spent 3 hours with 3 different linksys techs who were not able to correct the problem.  After remotely taking control of my system an noodling around for a while they determined the unit was defective and agreed to cross ship a replacement unit.  They changed my password to see if another account could access the USB hard drive and after the call I could not connect many of my devices to the router and I could not access the router without the "new" password.  So I did a hard reset on the router and reinstalled it from the ground up.  Configured the SSID and password to my previous ones and guess what?  Everything, including the USB hard drive worked just fine.		The Disgusting:	I called customer service at linksys to cancel the replacement, but since it was a cross-ship they say they are not able to stop it.  I've called UPS and they have not even received the package yet and I called my credit card co and the payment is still pending, Yet LinkSys still can't stop the shipment or the charging procedure.  All together I've lost about 5 hours of time on this fiasco.		The Lesson Learned:	Well it is a fairly decent router after all.  Next time I have an issue, I will do a hard reset on the router first.  Don't worry about having to re-configure SSID and passwords on your wireless devices.  Setup on the router is fairly painless and you can re-enter you old SSID and passwords during setup.  DO NOT CALL LINKSYS SUPPORT UNLESS YOU ABSOLUTELY HAVE TO!		Update:  July 12, 2013	LinkSys called today wanting to know if the router they sent me was defective or if not why did I return it to them.  For some companies, every day is a brand new day in a brand new world.  Then again perhaps they are smoking something other than cigarettes out there in California at Linksys.  I just knocked 2 stars off the rating.  Even if it is a fairly decent router, there is bound to be something else on the market with less than useless support.  I'll go to Dixie cups and string before I buy anything LinkSys again.
1,Don't buy this TV. The picture quality is poor. The remote is junk. You have to hold the remote up and at an angle for it to work. The TV smells bad when on. Has a electrical smell I was told would burn off but has not after a month. I'm very disappointed...wasted money.
1,This is junk.  Overpriced junk.	Purchased direct from Flir (Lorex) I was hoping this would be an expensive but useful dashcam; I was wrong.	This base doesn't provide a convenient way to plug in the camera (the supplied power cord doesn't even have a 90-degree elbow bend, so the cable sticks out across the windshield ... just zero effort put into this product.)	The "connector" does nothing, it's just screwed onto a generic suction cup base.	The IR (night) illumination just creates glare on the windshield glass.	Also, the cause of my real annoyance and why I bother to write a negative review: customer support from Lorex / Flir has been zero -- no response after weeks of emails and submitting "tickets" to their "support."	A really annoying product and company.
1,This is a Generation 1 Antec 300. A year or 2 ago it sold for 75 bucks. I like this platform very much, and don't like generation 2, so decided to give the extra money. What I found when I got it was someone removed the front 2 fans, and increased the price to 126. (Your getting a $50 tower) Over priced big time!!!
1,Cheap plastic not well made but has appeared to do the job, but for the cost I expected something better constructed.
1,Item returned.
1,I purchased this unit from Amazon, and it was defective out of the box. The symptom is that the TIVO will not boot up with the drive attached (freezes indefinitely on the "Welcome...Powering Up" screen).  If you boot up the TIVO without attaching the drive, then try to configure the drive after the fact, it shows "no external storage device connected".		I returned it for an exchange for another unit, and had the replacement in my hands within 2 days (GREAT RMA service from Amazon).  The second unit had the exact same problem.  Skeptical that it was actually two bad drives, I contacted TIVO tech support again.  They gave me instructions on how to run a diagnostic test on my TIVO box, and it passed.  You could't even launch the test if you had the expander drive attached.		I was afraid to try a 3rd drive from Amazon because I didn't know if they would process another RMA if the 3rd one failed as well, so I did a refund instead.  Since TIVO tech support was so adamant that the TIVO box itself was good, I decided to buy a 3rd expander drive from Best Buy.  This one worked properly (recognized the drive and showed that the HD recording capacity had increased from around 20 hours to 93 hours) BUT note the following:	(1) It did not go to the configuration screen on its own as the instruction manual had stated.  Instead, it booted up a normal.  I went into the messages and setup menu and had to start the setup myself, which re-starts everything again. ALSO (2): The drive is now making a loud, high-pitched noise (intermittent, not there all of the time).  I don't know if this is normal operation or not.  I doubt it because you can hear it from the other side of the room, even with surround-sound audio playing. I also had one freeze-up and lost all control of the TIVO (had to pull the power and set up again).		I cannot recommend this product.  Again, AMAZON has been GREAT!
1,Love the Laptop but I bought for my wife and need W8.1 as it has a start button and looks more Windows 7 like.  HP is telling me W8.1 is garbage and do not update and just stay with Windows 8.  This is not an acceptable answer and I am working with a HP case manager to resolve matter.
1,Cheap lightweight construction. Spend the extra money to get a better name brand case unless you just need something to get the job done.
1,Product dead on arrival!  Due to Amazon's no return policy on speakers, I am out of money while stuck with this worthless broken thing.  Didn't even get to use it for a second.  Do not recommend; I will never again buy anything from Amazon that cannot be returned.		Don't think you can't be this unlucky, I read past reviews and it seems like Logitech speakers are often found DOA.	Learned my lesson the hard way.  I'll have to try to deal with Logitech's terrible customer service department.	Will lose even more money now, because Logitech will certainly make us pay for freight back to manufacture.
1,case was recommended by Amazon as a match for the GPS I bought.  Not so.  About 1 inch too short to cover the unit.		Sent email to customer service.  They said they would correct the error, but made no offer to exchange for the correct item or make any other adjustment.		I suppose I could pay $7 shipping to return an $11 item.  Instead, I'll approach accessories offered by Amazon with caution.  Such are the perils of shopping online.  Buyer beware.
1,Not as described, there are different kind of range extenders, this one does not and can not extend the range of your current network. What it does instead is to connect to your primary Wifi network, then create a new network with its own SSID (network name),and it ends up naming itself *YOURNETWORKNAME*_EXT, as in "extended".		Then Linksys advertises a seamless roaming feature that is only available with certain Linksys routers only, which is kind of silly/deceptive because if it could be put in bridge mode/repeater mode then it would do that with every router (as it a network standard btw).		What a range extender SHOULD do is to be a "bridge" or "repeater" which takes signals to and from your current router and simply amplifies the signal and sends it back out. No "new" network, no "_EXT" network, just the same network extended.		I am still a fan of Linksys products, but this item is a fail in my opinion.		That being said, I ended up buying another of the Linksys router I already have (Linksys AC1900ACS), which fully supports all network standards including being a "bridge/repeater" and that extended my range perfectly.
1,JUNK!  I don't know what happened to Hoya's quality, but this thing had fallen apart before it arrived.  I put it back together and "tried to make it work" for a trip I was leaving on the next day.  It fell apart on the trip and I lost some of the pieces, so I can't return it.  After this experience, I'm done with Hoya.  :(
1,If you want a wider grip on the GH3, this is the only grip available. It's expensive and will allow you to add one extra battery for longer shooting times. One battery still have to remain inside the camera. A big problem with this grip is that it will relocate your Tripod mount to the right side of the camera. It will no longer be centered under the lens which is a problem when using Video Rigs, 15mm Rails, a Follow Focus, Matte Box etc. Nothing will line up properly.		Good for photographers, not good for Videographers.
1,Went through 2 of these and then gave up, returned for refund and i'll buy a yamaha..	ALL HDMI hand shake issues, lost video and sound.	they say its a software issue, and expect us to figure out how to update it properly... If they know they have issues they should recal the unsold ones and fix them before they get to the customers!	I would not buy!
1,It didn't work right..  when the monitor went to sleep it never woke up.. with calling my IT department at my work they told me that it was probably defective.. and sent me a new one that does work.. I went to see about returning this and I get a warning telling me it is non returnable... Ummm OK... That is the main reason I buy from Amazon prime... Oh well lesson learned.. thank God I only spent $7.00
1,It worked for the first few weeks. Shortly thereafter, I started having "not in range" issues. Now I have to unplug it every day to keep it working. It also give attached devices modified versions of their original MAC addresses. This makes it complicated to add devices to my MAC address filtering on my router.		I can't recommend this extender. :-(
1,I have had two drives and both have suffered from loose USB connection.	This appears to be a poor design creating a problem, the rear usb connector is not	secured solidly. I would not recommend a purchase of this product.	Note: No complaint with Amazon
1,I picked up one for $167 during the Turkey Day sales to replace a very aged 17in tube monitor and am definitely impressed. I have held out for quite some time for a great deal on a LCD as this computer is primarily used for surfing, e-mail, etc. ... but so far, it was definitely worth the money and the wait. As mentioned in the other reviews, I also found the stand a bit "cheap" but where else can you get a 22 in LCD for this price! Still unable to make the speakers work, but not a big concern. Anyhow, strongly recommend this one if you can get it for under $200.
1,When Amazon.com sent me these headphones, I discovered that they are not headphones but actually a machine for making white noise. They do play some sound, but they also take whatever hiss there was on the audio track, and they amplify it drastically. Not only that, but the hiss amplification is strangely correlated with the pitch of the sound. Imagine a movie character talking - with natural variations in voice pitch, the hiss would increase or decrease, thus creating a whole new hiss track to the movie. Do not purchase these flawed headphones/hissing device.
1,Uncomfortable and broke in 4 days
1,Great sound - as long as they work. After a little more than a year the right speaker stopped working. This seems to be a common issue due to the wires being glued. No support from the Apple Store, even worse, they suggested a repair with estimated cost way above retail price. Great headphones are not worth 100$ (when purchased on Amazon) let alone 199$ (this is what Apple wants for them), when they break after only a year.
1,If these weren't so cheap i would be upset at performance. They hold maybe half the charge of an OEM battery after a few charges. Save up and get the real deal.
1,Just got this at local BB for clearance price.		Cons:	1. no presets	2. still with some static even on 'empty channels'	3. autoseek is useless	4. loose fitting if you use a silicon case cover for the zune		Pros:	1. if you can tolerate some static (I've tried a few FM transmitters in the past including those for ipods, all had some static - it has to do with the power output limit the FCC place on all these FM trans.)	2. the FM transmitter allows you to connect the DC/car adapter to it, allowing the zune to be charged at the same time
1,This enclosure is loud.  When I first had it I could get the parts to work - but just.  First the connectors broke and/or came off, then it literally fell to pieces.  Not worth buying.  I didn't even use it much - just for ocassional checking content of old drives.
1,I paid $25 a few months ago and see why they lowered the price to $11.  Even at $11, it is not worth it.  The battery life is really short - less than 2 hours of audio, about 1 hr of talk.  Also, the reception is terrible.  You need clear line of sight to stay connected.  Can't have your phone in your pocket without it losing signal.  I just bought my 2nd Tronfy for $13.  That one actually works.
1,WASTE OF MONEY.	In order access your video you must go through Samsung website or their app.	Think about it... your video must travel the internet to their system so that i can come back to you.	I cannot stay connected to the camera... continually drops. I bought it to check on the kids (toddler with baby).	I have had it for a while now. Searching for a new camera right now.
1,I purchased this item 12/17. Reason I am stating the date is because many nice reviews are old, and there are so many negative reviews recent reviews.. If you have Apple Mac there is no reason to purchase this with all the things apple offers. Apple idevices are completely synced going solo or family connected.	1 It does not work with sync if you have Mac OS high Sierra. WD rep stated Mac OS HD is not due out to 2018!	2 support blames apple for the upgrade. Suggest to get a 3rd party software for wd sync. Why should I have another maintenance point and finger pointing when an issue occurs..	3 music load is a mess. You load your music, and can only play an album, unless u load each single. No playlists. Nowhere near iTunes.	4 drop and drag is cumbersome. Works at times and when displaying on your app, shows only some and not all. Btw I an running 200 mb isp.. and it is still slooooooooow. I tunes immediately.	5 wd syn does no work and is not compatible with Mac OS high Sierra. So if u upgraded sol..	6 there is nothing in wd cloud that you cant do in apple iCloud or windows clouds. In fact both windows and Mac are so superior, does not require constant maintenance, and are in sync. This goes for iTunes, photos, music, iCloud offered by apple.	Time machine- apple capsule handles it all without worrying on upgrades ..	7 wd sync with windows and apple is a nightmare, throwing files and links all over the place where it it hard to determine what is where. Maintenance nightmare.	8 if you have an apple capsule, time machine does it all. Hand a plain nas off of a capsule and u have all the nas needed for whatever.	9 bewteen apple photos, music, iCloud, movies, so superior, and maintenance free, plus apple does their backup, releases me for constant pc maintence. After all we are not in the maintenance business but want things to work at home or away..	10 I use both windows and Mac.. between the both, for cloud items, work superior.. I don't have to worry if a excel or numbers file will open correctly, with wd, it give u a message of garbage..		Now the hard ware for WD is fine, if u get just a dumb storage pig tale unit of 500gb or 1tb, the process of wd cloud and handshaking is horrible. Constant maintenance and no advantage.		Hope this helps		3
1,i am replacing these with logitech as i write this review. key board feels cheap. range sucks on the receiver to both mouse and keyboard. double triple clicking to mouse to work sometimes. oh well live and learn
1,The idea is great but for some reason it didn't show well on my monitor; I tried the different connectors using another HDMI cable and they worked fine, so it must be the retractable HDMI simply wasn't good enough quality; my monitor couldn't figure out what resolution it was given .. well I sent it back.
1,fell off with headphones on them luckily my headphones are okay but won't be getting this product again.
1,I can not use the product, I could not use the product that I needed protection on. I wanted a refund.
1,The adapter was easy to install and easy to navigate with my head unit (DEH-P690UB).  The only downside was the velcro strips the adapter came with for securing the unit.  The velcro seems strong enough, but the glue on the velcro strips did not stick to the back of the dash pocket after two days.  The weather wasn't even very warm - it was January, and I did not affix the adapter to a heater duct (this is forbidden in the instructions).  A couple of holes for some screws or a bracket would have been nice.  Other than that small detail, it seems like a great product.		Update:  after a few month of use this adapter started to die for no discernible reason sometimes.  While driving down the road it just goes quiet.  If you scroll through the sources using the SRC button then it recovers when it comes back up.  No idea why this happens, but it is annoying.		Looking back I would not have purchased this unit.
1,I originally gave this item a bad review since my wife, who I bought it for said it negatively affected her itouch. However, I find that she has been routinely using it for some time now and it works fine. So, sorry folks for the bad review...it's a good product.		I can't change the one star I originally gave the product, if I could I would give it 4 stars!
1,I was attracted by the mint color, I didn't read any reviews and well....now I feel I just shoved my money straight into the trash! Not one soul can hear me through these headsets and olthe left ear has no sound ...they lasted about a month, when most headphones I used in the past last for as long as no one else iny household don't "borrow" them to loose them. Feeling disappointed, packaging made them look of such great quality smh
1,I used this card reader once my xbox to access the content on a sd card, after that it never worked again.	I get a usb power surge message anytime i connect it to a the laptop and need to restart to get the port working again.
1,I had know idea how this worked and gave it away! When I figuered it out, I ordered another one and you sent me one for a Nokia.
1,Hi,	  Ignored reviews, bought it, worked great for 10 minutes, then audio cut out but controls and power still worked.  Reviews claim they're junk...didn't go any further with it.		Don't Buy these...buy CableJive instead....
1,Poor product design in many ways. First the 90-degree power plug obstructs the Input 5 port on the side of the unit. Further, the unit is so light that connecting Amazon Basics HDMI cables that it does a wheelie; pushing the front into the air. I suppose light equals cheap!		Only after arrival and reading the manual do you learn that "Apple TV is one such non-compliant device." I don't have that, I have Amazon Fire TV. Guess what? Amazon Fire TV is also one of those and is not listed.		It's on the way back as is is not what was advertised.
1,Broke after a week
1,This card could not be read by my card reader, my printer, my laptop, or used by my phone (TMO G2). Attempting to format it on my phone had no effect.
1,I really wanted to like these headphones. They look better than the Bose NC headphones for sure. The noise-cancelling ability is actually very good. I took them on a flight and found the engine noise just disappears! But the problem I had was that the noise cancelling caused some extra sound. I can't even describe it well- just a very subtle digital "wishwashwishwash" sound but it was constant and audible at all volumes. It was driving me crazy!
1,not durable, lasted for 2 days, the rubber fell off from the plastic piece
1,This router is simply amazing. As a DIR-655 owner at home, I am a fan of D-Link. So I decided to buy this one for work (being the IT admin is one of my many hats - that's how it works in small businesses, but I digress). We have about 40 devices connecting to this router, probably 20 of which are wireless (half and half 2.4GHz and 5GHz). We've gone through 4 routers in the last couple years, all of which dropped signals and/or were slow. Our latest trashed router was a Netgear WNDR3700 with DD-WRT (had to install it since it refused to work with stock firmware and was a crap interface) installed on it.		Right out of the box, this was by far the easiest router I have ever setup. I can't speak for the auto-setup as I opted to set it up manually. But like the DIR-655, I feel like this is the most intuitive and easy-to-use web interface I've ever used. It was straight-forward and everything just worked, which is more than I can say for many of the routers I have purchased.		Now that the router is setup and in-use, all I can say is that this thing is blazingly fast. The Netgear I was using before was usually fast, but there were times when it would slow down. Also, our primary database for work, which is located on one of our computers, would *always* act slow. With the DIR-835, everything is super speedy! Frankly, we assumed it was the software running the database, so I was shocked when it began running so much faster. The entire office is a lot more productive now simply because we aren't sitting there staring at a spinning blue circle in Windows anymore.		This is my second D-Link router, and I am a big fan now. One good router could just be lucky, but the second one (different model, no less) seals the deal for me. D-Link for life!		Update 8/21/12: After only a week, the router has simply stopped working. Hard resets do nothing. I'm sending in for a replacement from Amazon and will return my 5-star rating if the new one works. Bad units happen, but if both go bad, then sorry, D-Link. The bad review is sticking.		Update 8/27/12: I've been using the replacement now for 5 days, and while it still works, it requires a daily reboot. I'm sending this back for a full refund, and I suggest everyone stay away. I don't know what's going on with D-Link because my DIR-655 has been working flawlessly for years now.
1,Check your mounting measurements on the back of your TV/Monitor and stud measurements before you buy as it is very narrow.
1,I have a first generation Samsung DVD player.  It still works but it couldn't handle the new generation of enhanced blu-ray discs.  I ordered this Sony based on reviews.  None of the standard DVDs I tried worked - the player would skip and freeze in playback.  The discs worked fine in my old Samsung, however.  Thinking I just got a defective unit, I returned it for another Sony.  I was able to get one of my standard DVDs to play on the replacement so I thought all was well.  Well it was until I broke out a new standard DVD and found the player was back to skipping and freezing.  I hooked up my old Samsung again and the disc played perfectly.  Maybe I am just having a bad run, but I am returning this for a Samsung.  It is a shame.  It plays blu-ray discs perfectly and the remote also operates my Samsung TV.  I also liked the possibility of streaming Amazon prime movies without getting another box.
1,See UPDATE at bottom for a long range review.***		I loved this computer from the start but there are a few drawbacks.		Firstly, it is heavy but it is a desktop replacement and I expected that.		Secondly, finding a case to fit it is hard because it is about an inch wider and longer than most 17.3 inch notebooks.		Thirdly, the CD-DVD drive is in an awkward position. Every time I pick up the computer I accidently open the tray and I have to pop it closed again.		Thirdly, I tend to rest my hands on the side of the touchpad when I type. I have never had a problem with any other computer. But this touchpad is extremely sensitive and it will interfere with using the computer. I also noticed that when the touchpad is on I will lose letters in words when typing. I will type all the letters but the computer will skip so I have to go back to correct. This does not happen when I use a mouse and turn off the touchpad.		Lastly and most importantly, it is difficult to get someone on the line at ASUS customer service. I had a problem with the charging plug and have to return the computer for repair. I have to go through the usual dance with automated answering. But when I am waiting to talk to a real person on my cellphone, I get cut off every time. I have never had a problem with my cell phone and it is consistently doing it when I am on the phone with ASUS. So I got on a landline and had to wait almost 20 minutes just to talk to a person. Then, when I did he said he had to wait a few minutes while his system came back on. (This is a computer company rep. telling me he is having problems with his system - which I find frustrating and ironic.) I gave him my service no. and he had no information on me, this after he had to keep putting me on hold for some reason. Keep your serial number handy since they keep asking for it every time you call.		Would I buy this product again if I knew then what I know now? Probably because it is wickedly fast and works great. But I would take every precaution to never have to deal with customer service from ASUS.		***UPDATE: I have had this computer for four months and I have had to return it twice for the same thing. The pin in the charger plug came out with the AC charger and I could not recharge the computer. I had not been rough with the unit and, although inconvenienced, I returned it to Asus for repair and replacement of the AC charger. Well, got it back and two weeks later the exact same thing happened again. I was just pulling the plug of the AC charger out and the pin came with it again! I am sending it in to Asus AGAIN with a complaint about how delicate the charger pin is. I don't know if they will charge me for this second repair but I am furious at having to go through this with a $1700 computer. I have been working with computers since 1989 and never had this problem. I suspect the pin is much too thin and breaks easily. Now I may have to pay for a repair. I have revised my opinion of this computer and would NOT purchase it again! It is not worth the trouble.
1,There are much better headphones out there, these are just to fragile for what I needed them for. Still consider skull candy, just not these flimsy models.
1,Don't know, they were busted when the package arrived. They probably would of sounded goo, but I guess we'll never know.
1,Plugged this into the back of a PCI card and all was fine. That is until I put a Adata 64gb flash into it. Not sure if it was meant to catch fire or not but it did. Fried my flash drive, PCI card, the external HD that was in the hub. Now none of my PCI slots work. Had to reload Windows 10 as my files were corrupted during the crash. Motherboard still works but every boot up it has to do a device setup so have to replace. All in all I am less then happy.		Your initial post: Sep 24, 2015 2:53:35 AM PDT		Stc2581 says:		In contact with Tendak about their product and this is what they say.	--	We checked picture that the IC on motherboard burn up. Could you tell us how to cause it?	Your issue already calls us high attention for this unit. We need to figure out and improve our product.	--	15-pin SATA power connector to power USB devices from your PC power supply.	USB to 20pin cable need to plug PCI Express Card on motherboard.	We only give your correct connection as the previous attachment.	--	Regarding your words, we thought you are very good at desktop computer setup	And we cant figure out which socket you plug incorrectly so that it caused to burn out.	--	Then there are 12 more where I ask them to send me a picture of a 20-pin or sata pugged in backwards or in a wrong socket and they keep sending me the picture from this listing of the board plugged in. I have built 6 computers from ground up, have 3 running in this room along with 3 NAS and yet they just keep saying I plugged it in wrong. I gave the shorted mother board and pci to my 9 year old grandson and told him to plug it in and after awhile of trying he got it right as there is only one way to plug connectors in. Computer connectors are made that way so they CAN'T be plugged in wrong and yet Tendak still says it can???????	I bought a Thermaltake and it plugged in the same way and it worked. I was a bit timid about plugging anything into it as when I plugged in a flash drive into the Tendak smoke poured from my case, but unlike the Tendak the Thermaltake worked. I have been buying computer components since 1995 and have had some that didn't work or did not work right but this is the first that shorted out half of my computer hardware.
1,JUNK - DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY
1,It is over priced. After a few months I lost sound in one speaker, as it turns out there is a short in the wire. If I jiggle it the sound comes on & then back off. Sometimes it just comes on . Other than that, the sound is not clear, or articulate. It's just heavy on the bass end-and not in a good way.  I think some would say it's a "warm" sound.  Not I.		IF the speakers fully worked then I would rate it 2 stars. Save your money and buy something a little better.
1,pOOR PICTURE
1,Worked fine one night.  Next morning, 50% of the characters it was outputting were garbage, making it unusable.  All possible solutions -- brand new batteries, power cycling the keyboard, re-installing the USB dongle, restarting the computer -- didn't work.  The Logitech mouse that was using the dongle continued to work (like it had been); the keyboard just stopping working, undoubtedly due to electronic components that are cheap and not designed to last.  It's now in the trash.
1,Already broke two. They don't last long. The issue is with the mini end.
1,Update 1-20-15	Here's the pros and cons.		Summary	"If you don't have the ability to set the HDMI screen resolution to 480 X anything beforehand", then that unit will not show with the box on an older TV".		Pros "what it works with":	This unit works with an "android stick"(like a kindle stick but works like a tablet, you use a wireless mouse to move around).		The catch: "You have to set your HDMI screen resolution on the device to anything that has "480" as a resolution "first" on a flat screen before hooking this up to a older TV with RCA A/V inputs". I set the device to a "720 X 480" resolution before hooking it up to a older TV". The box kept defaulting the device to a "720 X 576" resolution, a "non 480 resolution" which kept the screen rolling in black and white on the older TV. After 10 minutes of a black and white picture I "unhooked" the HDMI to the box and plugged it back in and "color" started to show on older TV.		Cons: This "does not work with": a Google Chromecast or any device like that(a Amazon Stick). It doesn't work on a tablet's HDMI output. "If you don't have the ability to set the HDMI screen resolution to 480 X anything before", then that unit will not show with the box on an older TV. The box tries to set the device you use to a "480" resolution on some devices it doesn't work like that automatically that's a minus.		The NTSC(American TV)/Pal "switch" doesn't work or change anything on the box.		Like one of the other customers the best I got was a black and white rolling screen thru the RCA connections on 3 different TVs. The PAL/NTSC switch didn't work. Tried to use my android stick (picture rolled), tried my Tablet with HDMI output picture didn't show. I had to send unit it back, no exchange for another one.
1,On the tulip shade you can't affix the lense cover. There is no threaded lip. On the flip back rubber hood there is some threading to put lense cap on
1,Doesn't fit the connection very well and was a poor buy. Wouldn't buy again.
1,When it worked, it worked well, but very complicated it to pair up with your modem/router, I no longer use it, since I had to get my modem replaced and couldn't get it back online to view it remotely...
1,Lousy Video, but may be incompatible with my PC, and that is HD, will not do 4K UHD
1,Reception is terrible. Dont waste ur time or money
1,Horrible! Was a replacement Christmas gift for my daughter, since the other one we gave her from Fingerhut would not even turn on.....this one just sucks, and she uses it very seldom.
1,According to the specifications this memory should have worked with my Dell Inspiron.  It was either bad ram or improperly marked.  I tried it in two different computers and it would not work at all and actually caused the computer to crash in both instances.  I would not buy from them again.
1,Product came in used condition. Discoloration on the product surface. The glass surface of the filter had smudges and fingerprints on it. Sent a e-mail to adorama which responded they would send me a return label. Amazon responded that they wouldn't refund until the product is returned. All this trouble for a $10 filter. Don't by from Adorama. If you read other reviews on them they are hit and miss. The miss is how they turn a profit. Wonder why Amazon allows these type of vendor to sell through them.
1,I have an Asus ac66U router that has amazing range but I still have issues reaching the corner of my home furthest away from the router. I bought this antenna hoping it would help with this, i replaced the center antenna with this and have tried every way possible to aim it to this corner but no matter what I do I actually get LESS of a signal. I used wifi networking diagnostic software to map the range and speed of my router and this antenna just made things worse... it is too late to return it as I have been using it for months now not I removed it and it is back to the old antenna for me.
1,Pain to keep aligned to even half the local stations. If you are going to go without cable or sat buy a decent outdoor antenna and mount as high on your house as possible you will be much happier
1,stopped working in a few days.
1,Could not get it to work on our TV
1,i figured i would give it a try...bad idea..to work the input/output cable can't be "clicked" in. it needs to sit half way in the connector...piece of junk
1,The full size version is BIG.  I have long fingers and still had a hard time finding a comfortable way to grip this mouse.  Five minutes of using this mouse and my hand is already tired.		There should be a warning that says you should only buy it if you have hands like Andre the Giant.
1,Absolute piece of garbage. I went to tighten the cable and the connector inside broke off. This should have never been sold as a retail item.
1,The screw heads are too short to get a solid finger grip to tighten.
1,Lcd stopped working after out of warranty. Sony wants $980 for screen replacement.
1,Beautifully made case and the pockets are a very nice touch.  The problem I have with it though is the zipper is like a crocodile and it's pretty much impossible to slide my 13" Macbook Pro Retina into it without dragging the zippers over the laptop.  It's a real bummer and I plan to return this because of it.
1,Booster seemed to work, but I actually got a better Antenna reception without using the booster. I was able to get more channels and more channels came in without distortion. I ended up returning this product.
1,Signal is poor. Works 1/10 of time. They even sent me a second one. Just a bad product with poor signal.
1,Every time I use these they hurt my eyes and I have 20/20 vision. Be cautious...
1,The kickstand broke within 5 minites of use
1,FRAUD!  This wire is pure CRAP.  IT IS NOT COPPER WIRE.  The resistance is higher than 18 gauge copper wire.  There are may flaws in the wire also - strands are sticking out thru the insulation at many points along the spool.  Pure hores***t.  Amazon PULL THIS CRAP OFF THE MARKET - THIS IS A BLACK EYE FOR YOU.  I can't believe I didn't read the 5 year old reviews on this product, and I can't believe Amazon is still selling it - DON'T YOU GUYS READ THE REVIEWS?
1,Bought it only because it lights up (so I could see the buttons to use it in a darkened room). Yes, it does light up but the lighting is so dim it doesn't help much. Way over priced for the extra feature of the lighting. Not sure what anyone would use the tiny keyboard for?
1,Horrible.... I was too afraid to remove the coating and when eventually I did, I opened the laptop after a 3 hour peroid of being shut down, the screen was horribly stained and cracked by what seemed to be the keyboard, the other thing that seemed to not hold well is the screen itself! The entire surrounding was looking stained behind even more tiny cracks! I realize these things are not meant to be MSI level of mobility, but this was in the living room... the **** :(((((((		Edit;	You drop the M bomb in a mac territory and obviously, get voted down.	To the vengeful loyalists; a comparison had to be made, and I could have just said lenovo which we know can be the cheapest screen protection to the highest. MSI just has a better reputation, while Apple took 6 years to even realize a computer isn't something you cool down by shutting down the lid and place a tea pot on, so I guess I shouldn't have been surprised. Still a 1 out of 5.
1,I regret cheaping-out when I bought this flash.  I bought it to use as a slave and it only fires about 3 out of every 5 times (yes, I'm waiting for the charge to fully recycle).  At first I thought I had a faulty slave receiver, but it behaves the same when directly in my Canon T2i's hot shoe.  I'm also disappointed it has no manual controls on the back, so when used as a "dumb"/non-TTL slave it will always fire at full power and there's nothing you can do about it.  In retrospect, this is my fault for not paying enough attention when I bought it (the description does not say anything about manual controls; I just assumed it had them).  It also seems to tend to fire a bit bright off the camera hot shoe.  I usually find myself setting the camera to take the flash down 1 full stop.  The battery cover tends to pop open by itself.  The IR autofocus assist does work just fine.  Overall it's not worth the money unless you want a cheap emergency backup slave.
1,BUYER BEWARE! -- I'm trying to access my cameras tonight, but their website (as well as the smartphone app) say their SITE IS DOWN FOR MAINTENANCE.		So, ask yourself, how would you feel if you bought a surveillance system, and had a one-year subscription to the premium service, as well, and were NOT ABLE TO SEE THE SURVEILLANCE, randomly!?!?		THIS IS A JOKE.  Not to mention a fraud???		*** I encourage anyone who bought this product, and who is having problems, to report them to the Better Business Bureau ***
1,Falsely advertised as "Metal Tripod Collar Mount Ring" - this is NOT made out of metal - on the contrary, this is completely made out of a lower grade composite plastic material which feels like it will break under pressure. Not Good...
1,They're much smaller than I thought they'd be and not nearly as powerful or clear as I expected from Logitech... disappointed.
1,Nice lights -- but - although flexible, they don't adjust easily and won't stay in desired position.  Also, 3 of the 4 units eventually broke their USB connector from the silicone mounting.
1,The Jenson JCR310 Top Loading AM/FM PLL Stereo CD Player will not keep time as I have to reset it quite often. Setting an alarm is useless.  The return window closed on me or I would have returned  this junk...Now it's waking me up with a beep alarm even though I haven't set any alarms.
1,I love the size and design of this flash drive, but it is so slow that I only use it for transferring small documents.  I tried putting a video on this and it took so long I gave up.  The finish is also nice, but it comes off very easily within days it looked worn.  The speed test I got using Crystal mark was 10MB Read and only 4MB write.  This is unacceptable and I wish I would have known I would have paid more for a faster drive.		if you're only transferring small documents it's not bad but otherwise I advise against this.
1,GARBAGE. Some of the keys don't even work/register.  Perfect for the trash.
1,This drive has been hit or miss for myself, At first burning a CD from a windows 7 machine worked flawless but this has NOT been working on the servers i have been attempting to build now.  I believe if your intentions are simply for a Desktop architecture this should work fine but any system with EFI boot loader.  I would simply stay away.  My opinion is get a DVD-ROM that uses one cable for power and data or one that doesnt rely on USB. The way it is structured currently the USB power / data are bridge together but allow power to go in and out of both cables, on newer technology this seems to cause issues.
1,Nexus fits nicely but one problem... when you open the case and fold the front cover to the back, sometimes the screen will again lock on its own and go black. Something with the magnets etc... I have to of these cases a black and purple and does the same. Requesting a refund.
1,Great on storage and memory size.  Disappointed that I paid for an un programmed box.  Kodi had no movies,  music or tv streams.	I am glad I backed up my Raspberry Pi2 to install on this over priced G box...
1,My opinion is if the AC vent grills are narrow, you might want to reconsider. I bought it but now its of no use for my current car.
1,It works but the supposed class 10 speeds are not evident.
1,have had this cam for round 5 months,,power flickered one night and now the cam is only showing vertical colored lines,powered off and back on but no luck,,worked fine for the time is was working,,
1,Sorry, I know other reviewers liked these, but I think their sound quality leaves A LOT to be desired.	Frequency response is terrible - very poor bass and mid-low frequency response.  I couldn't even correct the sound using	my Dell XPS-15's equalizer.  I'm using a  pair of Grado SR-80s as a point of reference. I guess you get what you pays for.
1,Absolutely a total piece of crap! The first generation of this model mouse works quite well for a number of years, but as usual Microsoft can we do something and make it totally worthless. I tried using this for about 20 min. and it went into the junk drawer to be given away at sometime in the future. Just the usual move for Microsoft.
1,The Bracket I received was not the one pictured. The numbers on the package were correct, but it was the wrong Bracket.
1,I've never had so much inconsistency with a USB flash drive. This one tends to lose access to the data stored on the drive. It's hard to tell it's a bad drive until you try to access the information and it's gone. Although the drive shows that memory space is used, I'm unable to access the data. I've run a scan disk and hopefully that will solve some of its issues but i'm very wary of putting any data on there that I don't want to lose. I wouldn't take my chances on this product, find a different more reliable branded drive.
1,so far so good, very pleased		1 month later, will not charge
1,Not so good.
1,Item is poorly made, cheap plastic, poor quality jacks and is one of the worse items I have ever bought.  Avoid at all costs
1,First thing I did was place a small piece of electrical tape over the hole on the back end of the mouse the bright red light comes out of.  That light is not needed, and very annoying.  However, that wasn't the biggest problem.  This mouse doesn't work on non-hard surfaces.  Coffee table, desk, etc... are fine, but fabric, couch armnrest, etc... not good at all.  The mouse actually shuts down and becomes dormant until it is returned to a hard surface.  Skip this mouse and purchase another brand.
1,Great tablet, but that isn't why I bought it. The resolution is superb, the stylus is phenomenal but why did it only get 3 out of 5 stars? Well to be frank it is the gamestream feature, the "killer app" of the SHIELD line. I have an AC Nighthawk router at home and am streaming uninhibited from my PC which has a 780Ti onboard with the newest drivers and newest update put out by Nvidia for the SHIELD and its software.		However, even in these most pristine and optimum conditions the tablet has a hideously compressed and washed out look (ignoring the device being limited to 720p streaming). This is simply unacceptable. Compound this with the primary reason I bought it, gaming on the go, and you have a truly frustrating device. I frequently, from work, remote into my desktop at home and play a few light games and even watch a few movies from PLEX and have never had an issue keeping 1080p to my phone or laptop. Somehow the SHIELD manages to fail at what I thought was a mundane task and its primary function. Equally as infuriating is how the bulletpoint list on Nvidia's advertisements state it is capable of "1080p in console mode" but does not footnote it with "only when doing absolutely nothing (i.e. on the Android home screen) and not in the things you want like gamestream."		There really is no excuse, Nvidia is using a low-latency high quality codec to stream. The first day it seemed to work well, but after the first patch (and subsequent) it grew worse. If you were hoping to play Nvidia GRID on the go then forget it. Even in the most optimum settings (I connected over Ethernet via the USB port and had under 40ms ping) you'll get a lurching chugging grainy low resolution experience.		As a huge nvidia fan I'm upset, and I don't want anyone else to be burned as badly as I was. I preordered within seconds of the official announcement and I still haven't gotten the WiFi Direct controller. Nvidia said they are up to a month or more delayed on production and shipping of them, and this device is even less useful without it.		Buyers beware if you want to game, otherwise it is pretty nice as a tablet. But being as that I'm not bedridden or developmentally disabled I don't really have a practical use for "just a tablet." 300USD is a hefty fee to pay for what amounts to throw-away computing.
1,Was annoyed but this isn't for the 2
1,Terrible connection--very disappointing. I do not recommend this product. Other shorter cable I have work fine. I do not know if this is a function of the length of the cable or the connectors, but I certainly would never recommend this product.
1,I bought two of these is mid 2013, and now in 2015 the plastic coating is flaking off of the foam. The headphones are used in an office environment, and never leave my desk. Not exposed to sweat, chemicals, sun, moisture, anything.
1,Mine crashed during a large file transfer.  I had to reboot the phone to see it again.  Others have had similar problems.		Update: It no longer works. I got maybe a year out of it
1,I can't quite seem to get  this to work with my Rasperry Pi reliably.
1,I have been a huge fan of the Elph series since the earliest models.  These have been my pocket snapshot camera of choice for at least a decade.  I've probably gone through at least a half dozen personally upgrading over the years, and I've given at least that many more away as gifts.  My point is, I know this product line extremely well, and I've been a fan, so keep that in mind as you read what I have to say about this model.		Let's talk about the good stuff first, and these apply to every Elph I've ever owned.		First and foremost it is just the right size.  It is small enough to easily drop in your pocket without feeling like you're carrying a brick, but it is large enough that it is easy to operate for someone with big ham sized hands like myself.  This is what keeps me away from the more upscale SD1xx series, it is so small that the controls are awkward for even dainty hands.		Second, it is easy to use yet powerful.  You can teach your granny how to use this camera in under 5 minutes to take wonderful snap shots in auto mode.  But at the same time, for a more advanced photographer, you can find controls and settings to let you take great photos even in very challenging lighting environments, etc.		Battery life is good.  I have used it for an entire weeks' vacation taking hundreds of pictures without ever having to charge it.  As expected, flash will run it down quickly if you're using it for a lot of your shots.  The other caveat on this unit is wifi is a battery drainer.		The lens on this one is a good upgrade.  It starts from 24mm for wide angle, which is great for vacation photos taking picture of big scenes, monuments, buildings, etc.  But this one will also go all the way out to 10x optical for the zoom, which is very useful for cropping and bringing things closer.  It'll actually go even further with digital zoom enabled, but I never use it.  Digital zoom is better done with software where you can control it and see what you're doing to your pixels.		So far sounds like the latest and greatest elph which is what I was expecting.  Here's the downside and why I actually do not recommend this particular model.		The wifi is largely a waste of time.  I'm a gadget guy, and this seems to be the "it" feature for the snapshot cameras right now.  Also, the idea of being able to piggy back my phone and send pics straight to social media sights from the camera in real time was appealing.		Again, I would consider myself techie, but setup of the wifi was almost enough to make me box this thing up and send it back.  I never send anything back that isn't broken, so that's a statement.  Canon makes you jump through a ton of hoops just to get wifi going.  You MUST have a canon login so you can use their web portal to enable the thing.  To get a login, you have to register the product.  The combination of those two alone was enough to test my patience when I just want to tear in and play with my new toy.  Now couple it with the fact that Canon's site was on the fritz the first time I tried to do this, and I was starting to boil.		Site finally comes back up, now I run into issues because I own another Canon wifi enabled device (a video camera), and I had to email support to finally get a login working so I could get the wifi going on the camera.		Eventually I get everything configured with the applets enabled so I can send to Facebook, et al, but it was all very anticlimactic. Due to the clunkiness of the apps, about the only thing I'll ever use this for is to transfer files from the camera to my phone or tablet so I can then in turn do with them as I wish on those platforms.  I won't use the camera for anything other than transfer.		Also, given the speed of transfer and the cost of battery life on the camera, if I'm near anything with a SD slot, I'm simply going to pop the card out of the camera and into that device to do a quick move of the files.		Bottom line, is the wifi is a pain to setup, frustrating to use and simply does not offer enough value to be worth the cost and hassle.  I still recommend the Elph series, but I would drop down one model from this one and skip the Wifi.
1,The kit is ideal, if you want a raspberry PI.  This is a great kit.		The PI is not a good solution for certain projects, because it lacks full support from any of the linux distributions, because it is not an armhf processor.		My suggestion is, if you want an embedded device, get a BeagleBone Black.
1,First the good:  Great radio reception.  Love the digital setting and good sound.	Now the bad:  Never connected to NOAH to get the time.  The Display button to make the display bright and dim does not work.  The numbers are too small to see from a distance (Wife can't see the time at night).  Even though the brightness button does not work the the brightness at night almost lit up the room, even with the brightness adjustment on the bottom of the radio adjusted low.
1,I have to give ASUS only one star for lots of reasons, first, their support and customer service are the worst. I was told the unit had protection for one year after purchase but that turned out not to be true. I had an issue the dozens of people complained about on line and ASUS said "Send us $159 to look at your problem". The layout becomes tiresome after a while and the hardware issues just keep piling up. Look for something else!
1,I returned the first one that I received because it was adding static and distortion to my music in the car. The second one was no better so I'm inclined to think there is a design flaw or QC problem with this cable. It causes "skips", static, pops, and crackles when listing to my music.		I was using it with Spotify on my iPod and had no issues with other Apple/Lightning cables.
1,Disappointing buy. Fit was adjustable and sound quality good. Very flimsy build. Could not stand kids day to day handling. over the ear speaker snapped off within 2 weeks.
1,This doesn't work for me on Windows. It can't find any bluetooth devices that are on discoverable mode. I tried my phone and two wiimotes. It looks like all the positive reviews are Mac people...		EDIT:		This product is even worse than I originally thought.		1. Windows will not start if the adapter is plugged in. DOS just hangs forever until you pull it out. It's like the computer thinks it needs to boot off the bluetooth adapter. I have to unplug it to get Windows to start.	2. Within Windows, a pop-up says "USB Device not recognized". If I download the driver from their website, it won't install. The driver installation simply says "No bluetooth adapter found" even though it is definitely plugged in.	3. The keyboard stops functioning within minutes of plugging in the adapter. Instead of having a functioning bluetooth adapter and keyboard, this product ceases to work, and then kills my keyboard.	4. Following the manufacturer's reply to my review, that is, turning bluetooth services to "Automatic" and "Started", also does nothing to make this work.		A Windows bluetooth device should be as simple as plugging it in, and having default Windows drivers make it start working within seconds. I have spent over 2 hours in two different sittings trying to get this thing working. I'm sorry, but this is not a good product (at least for Windows). Maybe I could get it to work if I spent another couple of hours finnicking around with it, but that should not be necessary.
1,The last flash that I bought is not properly shut continue on after turning it off , and the other does not work correctly the locking when mounted on the camera.
1,These are okay for what they are, however, two out of about 12 were damaged. They are of fairly cheap quality. Since I don't plan on moving them around munch, and I have bought extras, I'm happy with these.
1,Update below....		Great product that looks very similar to the OEM charger. One of my cats decided to test out the strength of my original charger by biting on it a few times.  This caused the cable to short out if it was bent in just the right way.  Obviously this isn't something you'd want with something that has some power running through it so I decided to look for an inexpensive replacement charger for my Surface Pro 3. Found this and I am happy with my purchase.		Please note there are a few differences between this charger and the OEM charger. First,  the length is shorter than the original charger. Secondly,  the light on the plug does appear and it is under some black paint so you won't see it unless it is actually charging.  Third,  this seems to charge slower than the original charger.		If you can live with those small differences,  then I don't think you'll have any issues with this charger.		Update: Almost 4 months since purchasing this product,  the power supply has died.  It gave an electrical burn smell and no longer charges my surface pro 3. Poor quality control.  I should've listened to others saying these burn out.
1,Cheap, horrible tools and only time will tell if the battery is any better!		The tools are so cheap that the end of one of the them broke as soon as I tried to use it, it's that cheap.		Then I only had the remaining tool to use which was really of little to no use because it is too thick, and difficult to work with since it is too small to hold properly.		To make matters worse when I tried using it it went in not between my iPod's internal and the casing, but repeatedly went in between my iPod's front panel and my iPod's internals and ended up damaging and breaking the little latches that hold the my iPod's front panel to my iPod's internals.		So now I have to buy a new front panel because I cannot put it back in exactly as it was and my iPod front panel is now sort of raised and loose.		The funny thing is I ended up opening up my iPod with my thumb nail of all things, a tool like a guitar pick or even a think credit card would have been better.
1,i try whole day cannot pair to my note 3.lucky i order connect cable. if not. just get a trast
1,This program is not worth the headache it will give you. It consumes all of the processing power(100%) of my 1.6GHZ Thinkpad. It's incredibly slow at nearly all tasks; burning a DVD takes hours! It will take three hours to burn a simple DVD and there may not be any data on the DVD! Very curious program - it doesn't even know if it successfully burned a disk. This program wins the prize for bugs; you never know what is going to happen when you click on something.	It has multiple product activations for video, audio, and even the ringtones maker. I called Roxio tech support and they told me to disable all other services on my computer and the program will run properly!! Don't bother with this one.
1,This is a terrible mouse. It fails on literally every layer it tries to achieve, It feels cheap, plasticy, and light. For a company that touts craftsmanship, they really do not deliver. Spend your money elsewhere. Avoid mionix and go for a company that cares about the quality of their product.
1,You get what you pay for. The quality of these speakers is not much as well as the sound is not much to write home about
1,This is an absolute waste of time.  I've owned THREE and all were returned for a refund after the frustration finally welled up to a high enough level.		I have to admit that the company talks a good line and they make LOTS of promises but never fulfill them.		The things were down more than they were up,  honestly.  I cannot control my home hit and miss like I had to with this thing.		I bought an Ivee and it works GREAT.  EVERY TIME.  If you read the instructions that come with Ivee and pay attention it will work just fine.
1,The drive is small and looks great but when I plug it in my laptop ejects it. I've tried it on Mac OS 10.9.2, Windows 7 and Windows 8 all with the same issue. In addition, I tried it using a MyDigitalSSD MSATA  and a Crucial MSATA drives. Same problem.
1,Never worked
1,This cover should be worth about $5. It probably cost the manufacturer $1.50 to have it made in China.  It's made out of vinyl not leather. The spine is not very sturdy and started to degrade in my 3rd week of use. This cover was a short term fix until I get a permanente case.
1,poor range and didn't work with windows 10.
1,50% failure rate - LED doesn't turn on - or - motor won't track to target
1,Dead on Arrival.  This was an urgent/critical need.  No power, no LED's  no Internet.  Not happy !
1,eTrex has been a disappointment.  I own 2 Garmin Nuvi 350s and love them.  I ordered eTrex Vista HCx for my mountain bike.  It would not allow me to unlock the "City Select North America v7" map (that comes with Nuvi).  Their tech support told me to return the unit (at my cost!), and they would send me a refurbished unit.		The refurbished unit would not operate on battery power.  It was fine when plugged into my laptop via the USB port.  I noticed there is a design flaw in their battery compartment.  They designed in a brace that prevents the right-hand AA battery from making contact on the + end.  I called tech support and they told me to send it in, and they would send me a new unit.  I asked them to send me the new unit first and pay my return shipping, but they refused.  I am not happy!		Sidenote: Their tech support did answer the phone right away and seemed to be USA-based.  They were helpful with trouble-shooting, but not in overall satisfaction with fixing my problem.  And it takes 2-3 weeks to get a replacement unit each time.
1,I finally gave up, the case provides 24-hour protection of the camera, but due to it reflecting the Dropcam's night vision infrared, it is useless once the sun sets. The camera stays safe and dry, but the whole reason I bought the mount was because pointing the camera out the window resulted in the same indiscernible footage at night.
1,This product fell apart after the FIRST time I removed it from the outlet.  It popped open and exposed all the wires inside.  NOTE:  the plug was removed from the outlet with regular force from the plug (not the cord).  This was TRASH.  Hated I didn't use it before it was too late to return it.
1,This is terrible for photography. It's a waste of money. Light bulbs are very weak even I added 3 other soft boxes with 2500w total. I still needed to used high ISO to get decent lighting.	Do NOT BUY this and waste time and space.
1,Did not work... very short range, confusing as it had too many buttons with too many supposed features.  I returned it.  While it may have been a defective unit I was not willing to take the chance.
1,This hub is no great shakes. It doesn't mount all of my devices. When I rearranged things and freed up a hub, this is the one that went in the drawer.
1,Already returned it.
1,I purchased this to use with a PS4 and XBox One. With both units hooked up, it would not display either device either automatically or manually.  Once I unhooked the XBox, the PS4 video was displayed.  After about a minute, the blue LED started blinking and the video feed failed. That was it, I unhooked everything, hooked up just the PS4 and still no video. Now nothing works with the device at all. Returning.
1,Disappointed! They started out working great. I bought them for my son for Christmas. 4 days after the deadline for replacing an item they won't turn on at all! Really wish that I could replace these. The earbuds fit comfortably in your ear and when they worked they sounded great. I can't believe they worked for barely a month. I don't get the option to contact seller because I'm four days after the deadline either. Earbuds should really last more than a month especially when my son only used them a handful of times.
1,Bought one of these for a gaming computer I built in August 2012, as of January 2013 it's dead.  Well not totally dead but something went wrong and only some of the connections work and whenever I try to run a game my entire computer crashes because the video card isn't getting enough juice.  I contacted Raidmax and they will only give me another one after I go through their RMA process which means I wouldn't have a working computer for weeks potentially.  I understand not wanting to get ripped off but for me that's really not acceptable.  I messaged them and their customer service responded with one line:		"Please, email copy of invoice (PDF) over, in order to issue RMA#, RMA won't be honored without invoice, contact store where you purchased for refund."		I went on to NewEgg and after reading more reviews, seems like I'm not the only one who bought this brick and had issues.  Some of the reviews talk about poor customer service and randomly not accepting RMAs.  I decided to cut my loses and buy a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Corsair-Enthusiast-Series-TX-750-Watt-ATX-EPS-80-PLUS-Bronze-TX750/dp/B004MYFODI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Corsair Enthusiast Series TX 750 Watt ATX/EPS  80 PLUS Bronze (TX750)</a>, which already works much better than the Raidmax and was cheaper.		I'll probably return this to Amazon for a partial refund rather than deal with Raidmax.
1,Garmin, come on, why there's no cycling mode?	Is it purposefully to buy another specialized Garmin item?	My $150 Forerunner 305 used to have the cycling mode, and won't screw up my records.		At this price point all competitors have it...
1,As an Electrical Engineer and all-round "gadget guy", I've owned Logitech Harmony remotes for years now. First the Harmony 870, then the 880, and (after the buttons on those became non-responsive) the Harmony Touch. "Touchscreen", I thought, "what a great idea! Just like my smartphone!"		WRONG.		There are some things for which physical, tactile buttons simply work better, and a TV remote is definitely one of them. Here are just some of the inconveniences of the Harmony One Touch over the older Logitech Harmony 870 and 880:		1. Cumbersome	a) Requires a first touch just to wake up the screen. This might be obvious once it's stated, but it is an EXTRA button push required EACH time you need to use a function on the touchscreen, which then takes some time to "wake up"		b) Limited buttons vs. the 870/880- the simple design of the Harmony Touch is due to the fact that they place a lot of the button functionality on the touchscreen. This may seem like a pro, but it's not. There are certain crucial functions, like DVR skip ahead 30seconds / skip back 10 seconds (Dish Hopper DVR) that I wasn't able to program onto physical buttons, so I had to put them on the touch screen. With the 870/880, I could almost instantaneously get to the buttons by feel, 4-5 clicks to skip 2-2:30mins of commercials, done. With the Harmony Touch, I have to look at the touchscreen, tap it to wake it up, find the touchscreen "button" (not by feel, so I have to look at it) then press it 4-5 times. I am a very experienced touchscreen user, but I'll tell you one thing: you HAVE to keep looking at that screen while you touch the touchscreen in the same place 4-5 times, or you'll accidentally hit another touchscreen "button". This whole experience takes commercial skipping from near-instantaneous on the 870-880 to cumbersome on the Harmony Touch.		c) Slow- the delay from button press / touchscreen press to actually sending the command to the device is quite a bit longer than on the 870/880. I can get off 5 clicks to skip 2:30mins of commercials in about 1 second on the 870/880. This is MUCH slower on the Harmony One, due to having to wait to get the command sent out after each button press.		2. Buggy	a) Many times, the Harmony Touch would suddenly "forget" what mode it was in and all controls would stop working for the current mode (note: it still had all signs of being in the right mode, e.g., "Watch DVR", but none of the controls worked. I found a way to fix this, which requires going into the Harmony Touch Menu and choosing "Help > Fix this for me", but I'm not sure why this happened at all. This fix was needed at least once maybe 40% of the time I used the Harmony Touch (and yes, latest firmware, etc.)		b) When controlling my Dish Hopper DVR and paused, the remote would sometimes get into a weird state where it would alternate between play and pause very quickly. There was no way out of this except to power everything off and then back on again.	I never had either of these problems with the 870-880.		Overall, the older non-touchscreen models are FAR superior to the Harmony Touch. NOT RECOMMENDED.
1,If you're like me, you paid inordinately more money for this keyboard because you wanted a wireless keyboard with a mouse (touchpad) build in.		I just want to warn you that the touchpad is halfway to useless because there's no way to turn off the "touch to click" functionality of the touchpad. In other words, as you use the touch pad things the mouse pointer moves over will randomly get clicked. The results range from annoying (ending up looking at Microsoft Word when you wanted to look at your email) to losing information (accidentally clicking the close button on the window where you've spend the last 20 minutes composing an email) to completely disastrous (accidentally clicking "ok" on a "Are you sure you want to install this plugin?" prompt that's going to install spyware on your machine and cost you $100 to the geek squad to get rid of, sell all your passwords to someone, and that's if it doesn't completely wipe out your computer).		Now every laptop usually comes with a touchpad built in. And, since the dawn of touchpads, every one of these has included a setting in the driver to allow you to turn off the "touch to click" functionality so that you don't accidentally click on something disastrous, because as any moron knows, randomly clicking on stuff on the screen is bad.		Logitech, however, designed this keyboard with 2 separate click buttons for the mousepad (one below the pad, the other conveniently on the left side of the keyboard), shortcut keys, zoom keys, a sleep key, multimedia keys...etc etc, but decided not to allow you to turn off the "touch to click" behavior.		And if you're thinking "well maybe they fixed that with the firmware since that review was written", note that logitech claims that it's a hardware issue they cannot fix:	[...]		Just wanted to let anyone thinking of buying the keyboard know - if you're looking to use the mouse much, you're likely far better off buying another keyboard (like a Microsoft wireless keyboard) that doesn't have a mouse and buying a wireless mouse. You'll save yourself a lot of money, as well as getting a professional level setup that's professional enough to work as well as standard wired keyboards (and touchpads).
1,Not much to say. It works.		Edit: stopped working after half a year.
1,I'm glad to finally see truthful reviews of this poor quality product.  As others have, I bought the Rio One expecting it to be everything the PMP-300 was, but now with the added features of USB and the ability to accept higher capacity SmartMedia cards.  What I received was underwhelming to say the least.  The sound quality is extremely poor with a high frequency "hiss" and a low-frequency "rumble" in the background with noticeable audio problems in the MP3 playback.  These problems are garbled audio, glitches, pops, screeches, etc. even in high bitrate files.  The same file played on the PMP-300 (I also own two of those) sounds perfect compared to this.  The PMP-300 also would allow you to resume at the beginning of the "track" where you left off when you last shut off the unit (unless the battery died in the interim). The Rio One starts over at the beginning each time you turn it on.  Like others, I contacted SonicBlue technical support and asked that they either send me a unit without these problems or return my money. I also asked them to send me a prepaid label to return what I considered was a unit that was defective right out of the box.  I was told that wasn't their policy and, without requesting it, I received a second unit in the mail with precisely the same shortcomings.  Great, so now I have two defective units for the price of one.  I emailed their VP in charge of customer support describing these problems to no avail.  They apparently do not listen to their customers.  I certainly wish I had read the reviews posted here before making this purchase.  Like others, I am hoping there will be a firmware upgrade to remedy the MP3 audio playback problems, but I expect the "rumble" is a result of poor hardware design.  I definitely do NOT recommend this unit to anyone.
1,<div id="video-block-RAAYLM2Q0RM4K" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1zGXTGbswS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1AQdBI-AFS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Why it's 1 star is that it never ran above 10MB/s. Couldn't get transfer speeds above 10MB/s even though it's supposed to be a Gbps drive, which means my actual transfer speeds should be about 125MB/s. Western Digital had me send mine back for replacement and I spent an entire YEAR with their support staff. They're very nice and very positive but see here's the thing, they NEVER fixed the problem.		So, now I'm stuck with this piece of utter **** until I can afford to replace it.		I'd avoid Western Digital for NAS devices. Lord knows I'll never buy one again.		It's loaded with WD NAS hard drives too. So it's entirely their own eco-system and it still doesn't work. Simply the worst product I have ever purchased from them. This, coming from a lifelong WD loyalist.
1,The pillow length is excellent, but the pillow is overstuffed. It's impossible to mould the pillow to the contours of the body. As such, it ended up hurting my lower back instead of helping it. After 2 nights, I gave this pillow to someone else.
1,have to turn it on and off EVERY time you want to take a picture.
1,Sent these tablets back.
1,The velcro tip was on the wrong side.  You'd have to turn it 180 degrees for it to strap.
1,Broke after 2 weeks
1,The Amcrest 960H system's videos are distorted and disproportional. I mistakenly thought the 960H standard was supposed to fixed the distortion that plagued the older D1 systems. A computer monitor directly connected to the system so far seems to work. Their app on the Android tablet does partially work; sometimes the screen freezes, but restarting the app would give a live view again. It's a nuisance, but at least there's a workaround. Viewing the video at its rated dimensions is okay, but viewing it at larger dimensions you get very pixelated video. Remote viewing from a computer has not worked. I followed their Youtube instructions but still couldn't remotely view any of the four cameras from a computer. the system wasn't worth what it cost. Warnings from the one-star and two-star reviews turned out to be true. Beware of reviews from salespeople and ones from "paid" reviewers. Good luck!
1,After the first hour of use, I noticed the recording stopped. When I checked, I had the "Check Card" fault on the screen. After a lot of research, I learned this was a catastrophic failure and had lost all recorded material. Research also showed this was not an isolated incident. Many people also had similar crashes.
1,don't get if u have windows 8 or 10
1,Worked OK for about 1 day then one unit stopped working and others worked when they felt like it. Motorola used to be a respected name in electronics. Not any more - they are sh*t. Buy something else.
1,I ordered this cord thinking it would be a great purchase but I never recieved it. The shipping said it would take 5 to 8 days but it never even arived at my house. They are not a reliable sellers. If you don't believe me order it and await your disappointment
1,don't bother, doesn't work or register
1,This thing only lasted 2 months, but a memory card should have a pretty long warranty as it has no moving parts and almost impossible to break. Check the warranty on the card you buy this one is only 2 months so i was not able to replace it. Never had issues with any memory card till I used this brand. I would not buy it just on the fact that is warrantied for such a low amount of time. My son was disappointed when it failed. I there is even a hint that it is not working return it. Thats what happened to us, it seemed ok would read and then not  and finally stopped. Don't buy , Only memory card i ever had issues with.
1,Its ok if you rarely Use it
1,not at all what the description is it will not turn on or work this was a waste of money
1,I know that shouldn't expect to much with this price but the protector itself has a very bad quality and it leaves so many bubbles because of the cut at the edge. plus, it doesn't look like the picture at all. Hope this can help !
1,Is difficult to tighten enough to keep attached to my desk. The metal started to bend and it still was wobbly. Gave up, now it just falls off a lot and I deal with it. Overall, sorry I made the purchase
1,Broke after 2 months don't buy piece of garbage very cheap
1,This is not an amp as most people would consider one to be.  No way to adjust it.  Does not work with subwoofers, just turns them into soft sounding tweeters, no bass.  Returned for a refund.
1,Worst case I have ever built in!!!  RETURNED!!!!!!
1,I had Cruzer 2mb worked well for a few years. No problem. I gave that away and bought this 16 GB on amazon. Worked OK but the keyring that comes with it is CHEAP. Broke after 2 months. Hard to find anything this size. Attached another one somehow and it broke - lost my USB.		The key ring that comes with it looks very cheap.  I don't know why they changed it.  Someone suggested that Amazon is selling fake USB drives?  I don't know.		Be aware.
1,Sound quality for these is great. Very flat and balanced with perhaps a little high end emphasis similar to AKG or Sennheiser full size headphones. Personally I prefer that sound so it was perfect. Unfortunately the build quality was bad on my pair. After about 2-3 months the cord on the right ear started to pull out of the housing, causing static from the driver and actually sometimes a slight physical shock to my ear. I'd be willing to pay 20-30 bucks more to get the build quality that this sound deserves. Shame since it's hard to find flat-sound IEMs.
1,I DO BELIEVE THIS "FOAM PADDING" IS OVER PRICED if there was more or the price was lower, it would have been purchased
1,Returning within 1 day of receipt.  I ordered this for my mother (senior)  to use to replace her 5 year old laptop as it had stopped responding well and needed to be replaced.  I had it drop shipped to her address - she opened the box and said it looked used .. she went ahead and tried to set it up and came across a technical issue (not sure what it was but she is very easily confused by computers and technology).  She called me but wasn't able to reach me, so she called Dell customer support.  She provided them with the serial number and model etc., and was immediately told by the Dell representative that this was a used laptop registered to someone else and she would need a "transfer of ownership" authorization form in order to use it . .when she told Dell that it was ordered and shipped via Amazon.com Dell flatly told her that could not be the case. She was left with the impression that they thought it was a stolen item!  Clearly, as I have order history proof, this item WAS ordered via Amazon.com's website, via a third party affiliate seller (ShopAmerica), and NOTHING on this item's description indicates that this is a refurbished or used laptop . .nothing.  I have contacted Amazon via email requesting a refund and a return authorization.  Very unhappy and she's very disappointed.
1,These are cheap products and as we all know we get what we pay for.  I gave most away and what I didn't give away I threw away.
1,Got fooled by the picture. This is way too small to hold any decent audio cable.
1,1 day it was cool and within same day........ quit working.  sent it back! And ordered a more reliable brand
1,I have a wireless Logitech mouse that I'm fond of. However, I was intrigued by this Genius product because I occasionally list items for sale on eBay and thought this might be helpful.		The first thing I noticed is the instruction manual is loaded with typos. In fact, the website is even misspelled. Sheesh. This did not inspire confidence.		Once I got it working, I found the mouse awkward to use. In addition the images were not as clear as I'd like.		This product is unimpressive.
1,I was really excited about these. Heart rate tracking without a band around my chest, easy syncing, working great with my phone - and providing a great audio experience at the same time? Sign me up.		Unfortunately, I halfway got to experience this stuff, but mostly I got to hear that the bluetooth was connecting/disconnected. Over, and over, and over, and over again...so frustrating.		If the Bluetooth / app issues are fixed, I'd be all for it, and highly recommend these. They do have good features, but the headaches make it not worth it.
1,While this an inexpensive mic, I'm just not happy with the audio quality for recording live choir performances.  I found the low end boomy, so much so that I couldn't use it without the cutoff engaged.  I may be able to use this for voice-only recording ... but I have other alternatives that already do that well.
1,I use other wd mybook drives and they have been problem-free, so I had high hopes for this one. Unfortunately, it would frequently (several times daily) unmount itself in the midst of heavy drive access. I suspect it was due to the firewire 800-to-400 conversion cable/interface that came bundled with the drive. There is no native 400 jack, which is annoying on its own, but since the drive had no problems using the USB interface, I  have to think it was actually not truly meant to be used as fw400.		Sent it back, got another drive with fw400 (iomeya) and have had no issues
1,it is the same features as the other 2 I had but does not have very much storage even with an 8 meg chip
1,Weak quality~
1,was to long and returned it must be a size difference between the old and newer style models
1,1 year warranty vs 10 year warranty from SanDisk. I think I'd rather go with the peace of mind knowing that my manufacturer would back my card longer than the device (phone) that I initially bought it for.
1,DO NOT BUY DELL.  Their customer service is horrid.  After paying to have my laptop fixed, Dell ended up returning it to their warehouse instead of me.  Their solution was to provide me with a refurbished laptop.  My biggest concern to this was the fact that I had specifically asked for my hard drive not to be reformatted or a new operating system installed.  When I asked Farat Herman, Client Technical Support Specialist, why he could not track my laptop's location at the warehouse, his initial response was that it probably was re-issued to another customer.  However he had no work order or actual proof that it was not sent out with my personal information as well as confidential company information.  When I mentioned this, he then claimed it was probably tagged for destruction.  WHAT????  First it was sent to a customer and now it is tagged for destruction?!?!?!  He really had no idea what was happening with it and tried to placate me with any line he could think of.  In the end I finally said, fine send me a refurb laptop, but I want a refund since I did not get what I paid for since what I paid for was MY laptop back with all of MY information on it.  He said "No, there is nothing else I can offer, and I speak on behalf of the President of Dell.  There is no one else that this issue can escalate to."  I can't tell you how frustrated and let down I feel from this company and their service.  Really disappointing and I don't recommend buying their products if you expect quality customer service.
1,I have had two different Optoma models and have loved them until they break. Each one was sent in for out of warranty repairs, new bulbs at $180 each, etc.  Plan on fixing or replacing every couple years if this is your main tv.
1,Ipod hooks up to it fine and that's kind of where the positives end. The buttons are clunky and do not always engage, found myself hitting the stupid thing to try and turn it on/off. The sound was decent but the functionality of the alarm clock itself just isn't there. Spend a little more money for some better quality.
1,Did not work well.	Ends kept falling off Android had to	Screw ends on all the time.
1,This review is for folks with a media closet going through a 4K receiver.		My receiver is HDCP compatible.  Actually, my receiver says it's HDCP 2 compatible.  My ignorance led me to believe that I would be fine.  Not so much. Before you buy this player, make sure you check all your devices.  Even if everything says "2.2 compliant" don't be surprised if things don't work out of the box.  (google this)		Here is a checklist before you buy:	1) Are all my cables 2.2 compliant?	2) Is my receiver 2.2 complaint?	3) Is everything 2.2 compliant from my Roku to my TV?	4) Am I willing to replace any device or cable in the chain that is not cooperating?		Since I have a Roku 3 & a couple of other 4K players, I am returning my Roku 4.  There is just not enough reason for me to keep it for the cost.  While I have been a huge Roku fan, I feel they should have done a better job of explaining what 2.2 means.  The micro disclaimer on their site is a sad attempt at this.		Bottom Line:	Study and understand what HDCP 2.2 is.  Be prepared to upgrade anything in the chain that is causing you trouble.  For me, I am not willing to upgrade my 11 month old my year old 4K receiver that I just dropped $600 on.  For that reason... I'm out.
1,Dead on arrival not the best tp link device would not recommend
1,actually I need half height bracket, this one won't fit.
1,Just took on a European vacation thought it would be ideal for travel pics.  On-off button and shutter button worked intermittently making it unreliable and difficult to grab a quick photo of something.  Focus is not so bad as to be called soft, but it isn't sharp and crisp.  Battery life was usually good, but went dead without any warning.  Most photos needed Photoshop work before printing because they were very flat and dull.  I'm comparing this to my wife's Panasonic which was reliable, took sharp bright photos which didn't need any preprinting work.  To say I'm disappointed is an understatement, I'm going back to my 3-year-old Canon.
1,Returning item. Doesnt reattach to my bluetooth device after multiple reconnects.
1,plugged it in to 2 different computers and it does not work waste of money will just buy a pc video card
1,The GPS is very weak and doesn't pick up at our home because of the trees like my old Garman 110.  My Garmin 235 we bought a year earlier than the HR+ picks up right away.  It appears this watch has lower quality GPS technology.  I purchased to upgrade from the HR for my wife, but she hasn't been able to use it for outdoor running.
1,My old Beyerdynamics finally broke, and a friend loaned me a pair of beats while I searched for a new set. While Beats are better than nothing, they don't come close to a good pair of Sennheisers or Beyerdynamics. And when you consider the price asked, they're way out of line. Even Sony makes a better pair of decently priced headphones that out perform these. Before you buy, go to a store that lets you listen and make your own conclusions. I wound up with Sennheiser 380 HD pro headphones, and got 'em on sale for $99. The old Beyerdynamics were terrific, but $400 for the equivilent new pair was way too much to pay to a company with absolutely horrible customer service.
1,1/6		I had high hopes for this keyboard case. I got this for myself as a Christmas gift. As a pre-med student, I was tired of lugging around books and notebooks all day to my classes. This semester, I was hoping to become more efficient by relying primarily on my iPad for note-taking and studying. After buying digital books for my classes, and great apps for note-taking. This keyboard was an essential final piece to maximize my efficiency, and it was also the final puzzle piece of alleviating my back pains.		Needless, to say, my battery life isn't what the others claimed it was. I charged the keyboard out of the box as directed, and the charge only lasted about a week and a half/2 weeks. That's alright as far as functionality goes.		However, my main complaint is that the software is buggy! Since using this arcadia equipment with my iPad, more often than I like, sometimes when I type, the letter will get stuck so that the letter presses down to infinityyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy and I cannot stop it. In order to fix the problem, I must shut off the keyboard and "reset" my iPad with a forced shut down. Long story short, I missed a lot of important information my very first day of classes at it malfunctioned for 2 out of my 3 classes. This would have been a huge problem during an important lecture. So this product did not work for me  ONE DAY of classes. FML!		I will be buying notebooks tomorrow.		I will also contact the company to see if they will replace this item. If I do not update, that means they have not responded favorably to this problem.		So I give them 1 star for constructing a great functional and protective case. I also give them another star (for a total of 2 stars) for a semi-long lasting keyboard, and clean appearance.		*****************UPDATE*************************		2/10		So I initially received faulty equipment, BUT they have great customer service. Right when I was going to email them about my faulty keyboard, I noticed an email from the NewTrent company. They read my review and responded to me before I had the chance to. They instructed me on some troubleshooting ideas (which didn't work). So they paid for return shipping and mailed a new keyboard to me right away. They return process took about 7 business days total. My new keyboard actually messed up when I first connected it to my device. I gave it a solid 2.5 week trial before posting this update. But with heavy use (I'm literally on my iPad ALL day), I must say that this one works wonderfully! I only had to troubleshoot the keyboard once when I first connected it to my iPad. Since then, I've had smooth sailing! :)		I'm very impressed with their professional, stress-free customer service. So if you have any doubts about purchasing this item from this company, be sure that they will do their best to fix any unexpected problems.		My new rating would be a 4 star (VERY picky rating). 4 stars because the key board is both protective and extremely usable. I had no problem adjusting to the size. It just works for me (medium/small sized hands). Connecting the keyboard to bluetooth device is considerably easier than my headset (no fuss once the initial set-up). The keys have a good touch as well. However, I skip the 5 star rating because I cannot identify with the super long battery life the other reviewers posted. Mine lasts about 5 days (I usually forget to turn it off). But mostly, I did not give a 5 star rating because there is no way to tell when your keyboard is dying. There have been many occasions where I was taking notes in class to have the keyboard die on me.		All in all, it is a great quality product from a company with great customer service.. I have since recommended this products to friends. It is a very useful, economical buy. Thanks, Trent
1,The connector is fine, the software is worthless, had to download cloning software from CNET to get it to work.		Amazon purchase wise, I bought this as recommended to go along with a new internal HD for my laptop, I also bought the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Vantec-NexStar-TX-2-5-Inch-SATA-to-USB-2-0-External-Hard-Drive-Enclosure/dp/B002JQNXZC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Vantec NexStar TX 2.5-Inch SATA to USB 2.0 External Hard Drive Enclosure</a>&nbsp;for my old drive and this Apricorn SATA kit, I do recommend the Vantec, but as I had to download hard drive cloning software from CNET because the Apricorn software just did not work, I don't recommend the Apricorn, besides, the Vantec comes with a UPS to SATA connector for the enclosure, so you don't need the Apricorn one.
1,Stiff bulky cable
1,Disappointed with this Bluetooth.  Didn't stay in the ears, and the one button feature doesn't work well. Couldn't toggle backward for music choices.
1,crap
1,The micro connector that attaches your device should be in the firm of a cable. It is far too delicate as is
1,Ordered two of these drives.  Neither one is recognized by windows 10.
1,I use it as portable hard drive transferring it between 3 computers and the start up time and transfer rates are horrible, I thought seagate was better than Western Digital but I am questioning their products everytime I use it.....As others have said it just isn't as fast as I hoped for
1,The specs are misleading. They do not account for Mavericks. Logitech's on-line support is very difficult and rather unresponsive. I still am waiting for a human responder. Most frustrating.
1,Cheap Product.  You get what you pay for.
1,I ordered my MoKo Carrying case and the only way that I can carry it is in my hand.  You see that cute little ring that is pictured for the strap? Well, mine didn't have one.  It looks cute and all with the leather protective case that allows me to externally control the volume and pause button, but I need the ring to attach a strap to it.  Nice try.  I am returning and re-ordering to give them a second chance to get it right.
1,Do not buy this case for the HP Prime calculator. I am writing this review because it is one the first products that shows up on Amazon when searching for graphing calculator cases.		It fits the HP Prime calculator, but only without its hard slide cover. With the slide cover on, the fit is very tight. So tight that it widens the bottom half of the case making it difficult to zip it close.
1,This type of transformer is usually applied to furnace / humidistat circuits. Components within that circuit (current sensing relay, solenoid) are rated at 24VAC. When this transformer FINALLY arrived, I measured the secondary (output) voltage at 28VAC on two different voltmeters. While 4 volts may sound like a small difference, it's in excess of 15% over the advertised specifications, and it may fry one or more of the other components in the circuit (or may reduce the life of those components).		The transformer has no adjustments (no taps) to modify the output voltage. So let the buyer beware. My household voltage is about 120VAC. Even if it was 115VAC, this product would still be out of tolerance. Shoddy.		UPDATE:	On January 18th, 2016, I changed the text of this review from "24VDC" to "24VAC" and from "28VDC" to "28VAC". This has possibly made a HUGE difference in how people have responded to this review and I apologize. The difference being in how "voltage drops" are measured in AC versus DC circuits. To be clear, the transformer's output is still too high and there's no way to correct the problem. But had this been a DC supply, some of the replies would have made perfect sense.
1,This is a gorgeous case, looks lovely, is easy to assemble, etc.	Only problem is: the power button doesn't work when the Kindle is in the case :(		UPDATE: they shipped me a new one. It had exactly the same problem :(
1,The case is nice made, but the magnets are disappointingly weak.  This bag almost blew off the bike at normal highway speeds without any contents in it.  I'm keeping it only because I have stronger magnets that I'll be replacing inside.  But unless you plan to do the same, I'd save your money.  I wouldn't trust my phone in this bag with the default magnets.
1,Based on reviews, I must have gotten the rare dud. Got very hot when connected to USB and disconnected. Messed up automobile system. SanDisk used to be reliable, I'll stick to Kingston from now on.
1,i just buy one of those and the sound is the best! don't event expect it! i have own all the previous models and this one is has improve a lot... i will recommend it for sure but (pay attention on this) this pair just fail in 3 weeks	obviously i used this to work out hard and i know the sweat always damage the device cause i have lost all of them cause of it but normally it takes like a year for it to happens  the last S 10  last for more than that almost 2 but this new pair of S11 just last 3 weeks and that is unacceptable! it is really disappointing! i think i may change to another brand
1,2 main complaints -	#1, the layout of the buttons is awful. Does a simply alarm clock need so many buttons? And each button has 2 functions. Confusing. Using an alarm clock should be simple - last thing I need is to fumble with a complicated arrangement of buttons at 6am when alarm goes off.	#2, the sound quality is ATROCIOUS. I realize this is a $20 item - but the sound quality isn't much better than a speakerphone. I can't envision anyone enjoying music using this radio.
1,I backed up and stored almost 50GB of new graphics in addition to the 150GB I already had.  I dropped it accidentally 3 (just 3) times.  I lost so much of my work and 2 months later I am still trying to recover.  I had some of my stuff saved to DVDs thankfully.  I was accustomed to the durability of my Lacie, but I was in need of more space and this was reasonably priced.  I understand externals are not balls so I am not surprised mine quit working.  It worked just fine, however I STRONGLY suggest purchasing a case along with this drive because accidents DO happen.
1,I wanted to use this on my Lenovo yoga, but since there is no CD drive I could not get it to work. I then tried to do a network share to install and it started to work, but then the installation caused the computer to crash. It does see AC channel though which works on my other laptop, but if you are using this on something without a CD drive !don't get it. The company was no help in assisting me either.
1,this heatsink fan doesn't fit older ati cards.  noisy fan.  would not recommend.  bought replacement video card for $12 elsewhere.
1,I hate it and have thrown it away.		I dropped it on concrete with a battery in it and it broke, but I dropped it, so my bad. It still worked with a rubber band holding my battery in place.		Then the wires came out of the charger so I tossed it. Their bad.
1,dead after couple month use.
1,If I can figure out how it activates other than setting the GARMIN to do so I'd be happy. So far no success. I wish all the luck. All the tips and tricks had left me in a ditch no pun intended. Or on the other hand...
1,Definitely a big bag and you can put a lot of stuff in it.  The harness is good and the quality is very good. That's the good.  The bad is that the sides are like 12 inches deep and not compressible. When I read the dimensions when I first considered the bag, I assumed there was some compressibility but it is fairly rigid (good for the gear inside).  I doubt this bag could be a carry-on for most airlines and the only reason I want a bag is to carry my expensive toys onto the plane.  It may fit in the overhead compartment on more modern large planes but not under the seats or on smaller planes.  I sent it back.
1,I'm not an audiophile by any means, but the sound quality of these ear buds is terrible.  The highs are very distorted.  I even gave these a 24-hour burn-in period are recommended by the manufacturer, and I still couldn't tolerate listening to music on them.  The only positive is that they did a good job of blocking ambient sound.
1,This dock was purchased for my son to use as external storage for his XBOX One. I used a WD Green Drive, and when attached to my computer, it seemed to perform well. However after a few days, it no longer will connect to the XBOX or my PC.  The drive tested fine in another dock.  It appears to be well made, but it seems they may have some Quality Control issues.
1,I sent mine back after two days of terrible AM reception and very static FM,  all's I wanted was a decent inexpensive AM/FM radio to set out on my patio in the evenings to listen to Talk Radio,  and even though this felt like a substantial radio as far as weight it absolutely SUCKED pulling in local and night time AM broadcast even when I use my external AM antenna, I have a cheapo AM/FM radio that I purchased from  Walgreen's 10 years ago that has seen its better days that can still pick AM stations better then this SONY can, but who knows, maybe I just got a Lemon.
1,it has several flaws that cannot be overlooked.  First there is no access to the Mini-Sim card.  You have to take the case apart and in-mount the Pi.  The case it too tight, and you risk damaging the HDMI, Sound, and Power connections when you close it or open it.  There is no vents. There is very little airflow into the case so the fan does very little to cool the board.  If you reverse the fan, the case acts more as a dust trap.		It really needs vents, with some form of air filter to catch the dust before it gets to the Pi.
1,Poor channel separation. A strong local channel is picked up over a wide range of settings. OK if your using to listen to a particular local channel otherwise this is not the choice.
1,There is one major flaw, if you use this on a painted wall. the back of the arm sticks out the back and if you turn the TV it will gouge into the wall.
1,This mic was essentially DOA. I tried to use it on my radio and the transmit volume was essentially non-existent according to others. I then tested it on a simplex frequency with another radio, and I could barely hear any audio on my other radio with the volume wide open. The mic also has a very cheap feel and I can't see the clip on the back lasting very long. Other reviews say it's a cheap knock-off and not even made to Baofeng specs. I tried to return it and Amazon's system said this item is not eligible for return. When I look at my order, it says eligible for return until January 31, 2017. When I bought it, the item was an add-on item by MamaDoo. Today, the same link is now a Prime item. I asked Amazon why I couldn't return it and they said because it was an add-on item. I'm confused but anyway.. Amazon was nice enough to give me a refund. I have attached screen shots of my order history saying the item is eligible for return and the other is saying it's not.
1,no range at all compared to my uverse router , cheap cost , but if it doesn't work any good who cares .. it's in my scrap router pile now
1,The camera stopped recording in July of last year, but it showed it was still recording daily. Now that I have a wrongful claim filed against me, I find I have no proof.
1,Failed after just 3 hours. One speaker died. Lousy components/quality control.
1,returned because I ordered the wrong one
1,Doesn't work, not backwards compatible, better off paying a little more for a better product.
1,there are better ones
1,The keys only work when you hit them dead center. I have to imagine this isn't an issue with every one of these since a lot of people seem to like this keyboard. The one I received is worthless.
1,My tablet heated up way too quickly with this case on.  It was returned.
1,I have other mag mount antennas and this one is not like them. I first noticed that the mag mount is very small compared to a comet or tram, but it is surprisingly strong. The wire antenna element is very lightweight and thin so a small base works just fine. The feed line is nice and thin, which makes it easy to run though the door jamb. The downside that I found was that when I attached it to my mfj-269 antenna analyser, it had poor swr in the amateur bands. 146.52mhz was about 1.8:1 swr and 446.00mhz was 2.1:1 swr. The antenna had better swr's in the 150mhz and 460mhz range. There is also no adjustment capabilities. I ended up attaching a small wire to the top the bring the swr back into the 2m band, but wasn't able to help the 70cm band much, but it was cheap and I think I have it setup better than the stock rubber duck.	KK6YXC
1,I recieved this item very fast from the time I ordered it. It was easy to set up, even in a very old TV. I am happy with it, but it hasn't had much use yet. I would deal with this vendor again. I have changed my review, because I find I am limited with what you can do with this Blu-Ray Player. If you want to play a DVD it is great, but if you want to stream videos you are at Samsungs mercy as to what APPS they supply. They have about 14, some of which I can't believe anyone would want. What I purchased this unit for was to get Amazon Prime and stream their line up of movies and TV progams along with other APPS that were of my interest. Don't waste your time or money if you want to stream Amazon Prime. Check it out before you buy. you can purchase a cheaper DVD Player to watch DVD's
1,Spend a little more to get something that works.  It was easy to hook up and use, but the signal quality was very poor.  Color saturation was so low the images from my laptop looked black and white.  No amount of fiddling with the buttons would make a difference.  The on-screen menu system does not indicate the level of any setting, so at first pressing left or right to change things does not appear to work.  Only after pressing 10 or 20 times do you see contrast or brightness changing.  This makes it very difficult to adjust things.  Poorly written instructions and bad labels do not help.  Sent it back for a refund.
1,Product broke in the first 2 weeks still waiting on replacement
1,I have used a number of these external drive usb adapter cables, apricorn, vantec, thermaltake, etc. over the past few years.		The thermaltake dock style units, do not pass thru all drive data so you cannot use diagnostic and repair tools from seagate, WD, Hitachi, etc. as they do not recognize the drive as their own. Not good. Useless, actually. This would be the #1 reason you would buy such a product, so you can easily troubleshoot and repair drives.		I contacted thermaltake, and they had no firmware or any solution, so I have stopped using the 3 units I have from them. :(		The vantec works, but I am on the 3rd one, and it has also died. All 3 that I had died after a few months. And its not like I use them daily. Cheap chinese junk.		The apricorn seems to have good compatibility the few days I had it. Drive manufacturer software utilities are working with it, unlike Thermaltake units, but the single LED on the red box was not working from the get go, I don't even know what color the LED is, or what it's supposed to indicate, but tech support refuses to advance replace it, so its much easier for me to just return it to the store. So I did.
1,Did not work on arrival.
1,Very low quality. The picture is off from the sound. And 5 or maybe 7 feet is as far as you can get away from it
1,This is the worst item I have ever tried to use.  They are made cheaply and I could never get a good cable with this product.  My advice, purchase a better product even if you have to pay more.  I did.
1,It it did not fit and was not useable
1,I have no problem to switch other languages via the touchpad on the ipad. However, the switching function is not available on the keyboard.	The color is ok and the keys are good so far.
1,This UnitedIntegral 15 Foot USB 2.0 Extension Cable works PERFECTLY with Alfa Wireless USB Network Adapters! There are ABSOLUTELY no compatibility issues between this UnitedIntegral 15 Foot USB 2.0 Extension Cable and Alfa Wireless USB Network Adapters. You really must understand how well this 15 Foot USB 2.0 Extension Cable by UnitedIntegral works together with Alfa Wireless USB Network Adapters. Amazon should be COMMENDED for matching this UnitedIntegral 15 Foot USB 2.0 Extension Cable up with Alfa Wireless USB Network Adapters. Good luck.
1,Within 4 months this product would no longer work AND Ive only used it a dozen times in that time. I do not recommend this product.
1,Did not work. Seller refund my money back.
1,BOY I MUST HAVE SOME VERY WELL I WONT GO INTO THAT RIGHT NOW.  THEY HAD THAT ITEM  DESTROYED IN SECOND I COULD TELL WHEN LOOKED AT IT THE WIRE  IS THIN
1,This item worked for about ten days and none of the raptors fit..
1,I've used many brands of SD cards over the years without any problems ever, mostly  Sandisk until now.	I have only used my Adata 16gb secure digital card a handful of times and now it won't work in either of my digital cameras and they indicate a bad card error.		Chet
1,High pitched whining whenever used. I eventually purchased a different receiver so it's not my vehicle or device
1,The right earpiece link broke as I was trying to rotate the headphones to put them on (they fold for storage). While they lasted they sounded OK but they are moderately expensive and now unusable. They do deliver descent sound and I've used them for canceling my home dishwasher sound while I was on the computer. They did a good job with that.
1,Bought in November 2015, it's now May or 2016 and the subwoofer portion completely quit working out of the blue. Now I can only plug the speaker in directly (non-powered now, mind you, so very VERY little sound). Very frustrating.
1,Did not last.
1,Lasted three weeks. Purchase only if you don't mind the inconvenience and having to pay to get your files recovered. They will send you a replacement if still under warranty but what is the point to that if you can't trust it. Plus, from reading their rules on returning defective products it appears likely they just resell them. You could wind up with mine.
1,had to return them as I couldn't get any sound out of them.
1,MAJOR issue with this tablet.  The MTP transfer protocol is broken on this tablet and when you plug it into a computer to transfer files it only shows the Asus suite software to install and NOT the internal and sd storage even after allowing the transfer on the tablet.  The only protocol that works is PTP but that only lets you transfer pictures and nothing else.  Asus needs to fix this problem in a software update.  I will have to return this tablet if I don't get an answer from Asus about getting this fixed asap.
1,The blue lights are pretty but the thin plastic base is really cheap.  The fans are not covered so if you don't hold it around the edges when you move it, you fingers can accidently touch the fans and temporarily stop it from running.  The legs are slightly raised and not enough for you to notice.  But if you are the type that likes the keyboard raised higher for typing comfort, you will need to use the laptop legs or buy a case that has one if the laptop doesn't have that option. The packaging was pretty damaged when I received it and was pretty scratched up but I thought since my laptop sat on it, it wouldn't be much of an eye sore.
1,Each time I inserted a disc, the device just spit it back out. Didn't work for me.
1,I'm a novice. I bought it for use in the darkest spot in Northern Michigan's lower peninsula.	Night 1: My Celestron Power Tank would not charge, so night one was game over.	I had to go out and buy and install 8 AA batteries.	(Celestron is sending me a new Power Tank free of charge)	Night 2: New Moon. The Nexstar+ had an easy UI. After aligning on three stars, I selected the pre-programmed Saturn view.	The 40mm supplied no detailed view of Saturn (white dot), so I swapped it out with an 18mm lens.	I pushed the lens down too hard and the telescope moved up. Why isn't the vertical locked like the horizontal?	I attempted to find Saturn by manually moving the telescope up and down, but failed.	Then the batteries failed. I was mad so I gave up. The next day I bought a 100' extension cord.	Night 3: I set everything up, turned it on and the firmware failed. The telescope cannot be used at all with a firmware failure.	The manual Up/Down/Left/Right motor controls are nonfunctional with a firmware failure.		Celestron includes an RS-232 DB9 (Male) cable with Nexstar+ telescopes for re-flashing firmware?	30 year old technology? My firmware failed possibly due to my batteries failing.	Celestron electronics must have been designed in the 1980's in Korea or China.	The EEPROM write pin is unprotected during a power surge? Firmware failure?	They must have one million RS-232 cables in their warehouse.	There is no other explanation for shipping telescopes with this ancient technology.		No internet up North, so I had to bring it home. What a PAIN!	I had to order a TRENDnet USB 2.0 to RS-232 DB9 Serial Converter, TU-S9 to re-flash? Double PAIN!	Hopefully, I'll never need the cable again, but that is doubtful.		I can't speak for the optics because all I saw is a white dot.		1. Power Tank failure.	2. Firmware failure.	3. Unlocked vertical movement.	4. RS-232? Are you kidding me? Why don't they include the USB 2.0 to RS-232 DB9 cable with the telescope? Or better yet, why don't they make and include a phone jack to USB cable?	5. AA batteries don't last long.	6. Writing this review without using swear words was a frustrating experience.
1,The sound quality is excellent.  However, it lacks the basic functions of an alarm clock.		1) no battery backup (if there's a power outage at night don't rely on this clock to wake you up on time in the morning)	2) no snooze function (who doesn't use snooze?)	3) the AC adapter makes a low humming sound which is very noticeable in a quiet bedroom.
1,What a piece of dung. Does not work well with windows 10, keys stick, i have a hard time even logging into windows 10 because to the keys sticking	hard to type a 4 digit pin when you type 1 digit and get several .
1,Could not set up for one monitor to control two PCs. In fact, it contributed to a data hangup on one of my computers and it took forever to find and rectify the error. Also, I use a wireless keyboard and mouse, which I found does not work with this device. I should have just bought another monitor. Instructions are WORTHLESS.
1,I honestly do not like this mic at all.  It works just fine but the audio I get from it is not as quality as I would have like.  I get way to much background noise and not enough from the subject I'm pointing at.  It honestly doesn't do a better job then my on board mics on my Nikon D810
1,My standard phones are AKG Y50's for my iPod Nano 7 (or the OEM buds), and AKG K240 studio for around the house (movies etc.), and I use an SMSL sApII mini amp as I'm older.  So I thought I'd upgrade my buds, and wanted to keep the bass punch of the AKG's.  DON'T BOTHER with the E10's.  Very disappointed in the bass.  The rest is clear.  I probably should have spent more money, but now feel even better about my AKGs.
1,It's made out paper! Super thin paper!
1,If you are not up for a "real chore", do not buy this product.  It may do what it is designed for but to get it applied is a very messy, hit or miss, time consuming job.  This type of product should be applied to the touch screen by Apple, at an additional charge to consumer, at time of purchase.
1,this is ok
1,I purchased two pairs of these headphones to evaluate them for my company. Out of the box, one of the headphone's speaker fell off of the ear piece (I posted a picture in the product images).  I was able to reattach it and the headset was working fine afterward.  When you hold iMicro SP-IM942 in your hand and give a little shake it sounds like they are about to fall apart.  Since one fell apart in shipping I think it may not be far from the truth. They sound fine and the mic works.  Nothing special.  There is a volume control in line on the wire that is designed oddly.  You turn the volume wheel down to turn the volume up and vice versa.  Not very intuitive.  Since I have to send the headphones out to many users details like that can be very annoying. I cannot say I recommend them.
1,I bought this bluray player and i must say, i'll stick with the brand i know works great and offers the best, HD DVD, overall the picture quality, brightness, details and sound are way much better in HD DVD, i know sony promised a lot from BD, but we all know promises fly away! Stick to HD DVD, you'll be quite surprised!
1,Just doesn't work. They have a ways to go on the overall user experience before I'd recommend it.
1,I have used this with both RG6 coax cable and an extension cord and in both cases, I just find it clumsy to use. It's hard to get the cable and/or cord wrapped evenly around the wheel. Also, when you turn the handle, the end that you have fed thru the middle turns and twists...not good. There's not enough clearance between the handle and the ground so that also adds to the clumsiness.
1,I ordered this specific head unit because I only heard great things about Pioneer and the unit itself and I'd like to say I loved it but I can't. The first and only year I had it was plagued by issues, the first being that the display would freeze at random times and sometimes never work for extended periods of time (a week was the longest it went until it started working again). After that I was skeptical about how well it would hold up long term since that started not even a month into using it, luckily it seemed to work itself out and it never did it again. Right at a year however the sound cut out, I didn't think much of it, I just turned the car off and turned it back on and it started working. It got progressively worse from there, the sound would be spotty at best, you could be driving and everything be working fine then it would just stop for five minutes or so then come back on. A month after that started happening though it just stopped working all together, no matter what I did the sound would never work. Called Pioneer and asked them what my options were they told me since the warranty expired that they couldn't do anything and I'd just have to send it in to get repaired. (the head unit stopped working 3 days passed the warranty date, and I tried calling everyday and I could never get anyone from Pioneer to answer, I finally got someone to answer the phone a week later) To wrap this whole nightmare up I shipped it in to get repaired and the company that was supposed to do the repair said that the model I had doesn't match what the receipt says (I found out they sent me the newer version of the model I ordered) due to this I would need a new receipt shower that I bought the correct model and Pioneer would have to send them an authorization letter. I have yet to get ahold of Pioneer to see what else I can do. Overall I'm not happy with this head unit or Pioneer in particular. I'm just going to take the loss and find a new unit.
1,I loved loved loved my mp3 player. I mainly used it when jogging at the gym. Had it for 9 months and now the volume is going out. Swapped headphones out several times and still bad. Very disappointed!!! :(
1,Plain language:	The picture on my 19" HD Samsung TV using the Joey was not as clear and clean as it was when I used Dish's older receiver.  On a scale between a Standard TV's picture and a HDTV's picture, the Joey produced a very nice "Standard" picture on my HDTV. Sometimes I could see some High Dif...		The Hopper itself produced a decent picture, but between using folders and looking for info on the guide, it had a tendency to black out for about 10 seconds only to bring you back to the picture your watching.  You can create all the folders you want, but only a few actually worked.		Did you notice I used the word "had"?  After 2 weeks, I had Dish change out the Hopper and the Joey for the older equipment.  Now I have a clear, beautiful picture on both tv's.  I have basic DVR functions without all the bells and whistles of the Hopper and Joey.		I think Dish knows there is a problem with quality of the Hopper and Joey.  They didn't even questions my desire to change.
1,I pre-ordered mine from Amazon and was very excited to get it two days ago (2 weeks earlier than promised). Overall, the tablet is nice and seems to be of good built quality. However, there are two things that disappoint me greatly:	1) Wifi reception is very bad. When playing online game I constantly get disconnected and reconnected. I downloaded WiEye and tested it on my HTC Incredible and my 2-yr old Galaxy Tab (old 7-in) and at the same locations, the Transformer Prime got 10 - 12 dBm weaker signal than the other two devices. I wireless router is upstairs in my office but I typically play game when I am in my family room on the first floor. I get -72 dBm signal there! I tested it over at my in-laws house and got poor wifi reception there also.	2) The screen seems to be nice. However, the screen color is very dull (not vibrant). It is a world difference between this lousy screen as compared to my iPad (1st gen), or my old Galaxy Tab.		Overall, it has been a very big disappointment. This tablet will go back to Amazon.
1,I think the issue here might be Samurai Camera who I purchased this from - not the lens itself - but this has a really horrible AF that doesn't always work. It's super slow and will sometimes focus/unfocus sporadically for long enough that you entirely miss the shot. Disappointed.
1,Terrible. The Ethernet port randomly disconnects.
1,It seems every SSD I have tried does not want to work with Linux.
1,Didn't work.
1,I was disappointed  because of the difficulty of removing the backing of the label. I would recommend this company to use the style of their other labels, splitting down the middle.
1,Purchased this on June 10th 2015,  it worked great until early November. Now, I can't access the UI, and it doesn't function properly anymore. It's basically in a perpetual state of waiting, waiting, waiting, despite multiple resets and the like. Customer care is only 90 days, so I'm stuck with a piece of garbage, which is totally unacceptable, given the cost.
1,This one was mismarked and did not work on my computer
1,Initially, great deal.  Bought 4, all worked.  Day 6, 1 went bad.  Sent it back to Amazon.  Day 89, another one won't detect HDMI or VGA.  Considering these are on a new tradeshow booth and have maybe 30 hours (including 24 of burn in testing, and have yet to be mounted, I'm not feeling warm and fuzzy.		Yay!
1,I am not happy with the performance of this drive with my Apple Power mac G-3. It is slow and error prone. I bought another that is much better. Pass on this item if you are an Apple owner, it's an annoyance for a Mac. Works fine with windows but I don't really need it for that :(
1,Container of coasters.
1,Summary: good sound, poor noise cancelling, volume control won't work with iPhones, easy-to-lose non-standard charging adapter (see last paragraph).		I had high hopes for the Huawei Active Noise Cancelling Earphones.  The packaging is beautiful: soft of a black-toned version of elegant Apple packaging.  It has a beautifully printed hinged box with a magnetic clasp, opening up to reveal Make it Possible stamped in silver on black cardboard.  Lifting that panel reveals black foam cradling the earphones.  Very impressive!  My expectations continued to rise with the earphones themselves: gorgeous matte gold color, nicely machined earbuds, and very svelte battery pack for the noise cancellation circuitry.  The cord itself looks like a gold chain necklace covered with a rubbery insulation.  The 90-degree angle 3.5mm plug has gold plated contacts.  Also included is a suede-like flapped case with a ribbon closure. With all this going for it, what could be better?		I charged the earphones, per instructions, using the included USB adapter (see below), and found that the default silicone ear tips fit my ears just fine.  I did not try the other two sizes.  They have no tendency to fall out of my ears. The wire loop on the earbud is adjustable to fit your ears. I finally played some music on the phones and was pleased with the full, wide-spectrum sound, great bass, not shrill or scratchy in the high end.		Now time to test the active noise reduction (NR).  The phones work whether or not the NR circuitry is turned on.  At first I thought it wasn't working and checked the charge.  All ok.  The only reduction I could discern was a slight reduction in the lower third or so of the sound spectrum, with the very low bass being a bit emphasized when the NR is on. Very disappointing.  I checked the NR in cars, near small engines, even a recording of an airplane interior played at normal levels (yes, you can find airplane interior sounds online).  Did I get a bad set of phonesa lemon?  Maybe.		I also own Audio-Technica ATH-ANC23 noise cancelling earbuds and they do not work very well either, which is why I got the Huaweis in the first place.  I will say that the sound from the Huaweis is much much better than the Audio Technicas, which sound harsh in comparison.  I tried my over-the-ear Bose QC-15s and the difference is night and day.  The QC-15s actually WORK!		Soif you're looking for true noise cancellation in medium-priced earphones, look elsewhere. This is not just my opinion: I had other people try my Huaweis and some could not tell if the NR was on or not.  I plan to get a set of Bose QuietComfort 20 ear buds, which have the reputation of the best NR available, and will amend my review when I can compare them.  Again, it is possible that I got a bad set of these phones, if I compare my review to other ones here on Amazon, which tend to be very positive.		Two other problems with these phones: the USB charging adapter is unique: it has a common type-A USB connector which works in the ubiquitous chargers, but adapts it to a 3.5mm jack, which is necessary to charge this device.  If you happen to lose this adapter (very easy to do), you are completely out of luck.  You will have to contact Huawei, and good luck with that. It will charge if you have a Huawei smart phone, however. The other problem: the volume control, located on the power supply, does not work with iPhones.
1,I was about to get the white ones for $7 (now $11), but they raised the price before i could order, so these were the best price and not that far from my previous price. The cable quality seems pretty close to the one i normally would consider ideal but it is a sound magnet...and amplifier. There is also an occasional "hooting"-like sound but that's actually my inhales and exhales.. which shouldn't be amplified. Like many other headphones, these are in your ears like a muter, so it's method of isolating sounds is blocking out background noise and amplifying your own. One BIG con is that whenever you try to adjust the headphones positioning in your ear (they are relatively loose (both medium and small ear sizing)), they would make an incredibly annoying noise, as if... I don't know... cheap make?Regardless, this sound is genuinely annoying. All in all pretty stressing on the ear but when you get used to it, they're relatively comfortable. In regards to the actual audio sound quality, it sounds great and very cool bass.	My new main complaint is that the audio from the mp3's and all sound too loud. My ipod touch's volume is on minimum and it's a bit too loud already. If you listen closely when you have music on Zero volume, you can still hear the song! awkward but it doesn't affect my judgment of the headphones at all.		UPDATE: I'm not sure how long ago, but let's say around three months after getting these, one earphone busted. I lend it to a friend to listen to music and at 40% volume on an itouch, one earphone busted. I am getting very sick of this happening. Thus, I spent a little more (around $25 if I remember correctly) on Senheisers of the same type. Amazing headphones those Senheisers, please don't waste even a couple of bucks on these skull candy- you are literally throwing away your money.
1,I actually like this video cam for what it does, takes decent non-professional video and is easy to use. But it is so unreliable that I can't imagine why Kodak keeps selling a camera with such serious defects.		I just finished returning my second Zx5 to Amazon. Each returned camera had the same engineering defect, and the second camera froze during a video sequence and would not take pics, vids or even power down. The first defect is poorly engineered door latches. After several weeks it was almost impossible to open and close the door latches on either side of the cam. Since I download videos every day, the ability to access the USB and memory card ports is critical. I had to literally break into the first camera in order to retrieve my memory card before I sent it back to Amazon for an exchange. I had to do the same thing with the second camera before I threw in the towel and returned it for a refund. I have no idea why the second cam malfunctioned by not shutting down.		I suppose the best thing I can say about both cameras is that it failed within the 30-day Amazon return window. So far Amazon has been great about the returns. They had a camera in the mail the same day I exchanged the first one online, and I received it the next day! Before they refund my money for the second cam I'm sure they'll want to have it at their facility first. No problem, Amazon pays for shipping both ways.		I would like to own this camera. It does what I need it to do better than any other inexpensive waterproof "snapshot" camera out there. But the camera's unreliability just doesn't cut it. Too bad.
1,all of u people are blind this thing cant even handle dark clouds like the hopper can im missing my favorite shows because of this god awful thing
1,Sound quality is really great, but the buds are completely round and they hurt my ears after wearing them for a while. Im not a little girl so my ears are even average size. They don't keep out background noise like I had hoped but they aren't really noise-cancelling headphones. All in all, they are a good product, but if you have small ears, I'd think twice about getting these.		UPDATE 2/15/12: To add to my previous review, one of the headphones quit working. I was using them while running and now sound only comes from one of the headphones. They are only about 7 months old. I am not pleased with these and I wouldn't order them again.
1,this unit cooked in two weeks. I have slightly modified it so that it still functions but certainly not as designed
1,What was I thinking when I bought this...		The layout is ridiculous.	Random keys will register with other keypresses.	Keypresses won't register in general.		Into the trash it goes.
1,Purchased it as a back up in an emergency when my cooling pad went out.  It needs to sit on a firm surface and won't work directly on your lap.  It was cheap and that is all it is.
1,STOP! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT. RUINED MY HARD DRIVE IN TWO WEEKS!!! then to do warranty they want to send imager to flash hard drive. ok, 5 calls later and ftp failure on their part took 4 hours and i am still not through. took 6 tries to send,  finally had to go to actual hotmail instead of my usually email program. still don't know if they have got it yet. i had to copy an agreement in quotes in a page full of copied pasted crap, print it, sign it, scan it, send it, then wait for a reply. THIS WAS STUPID! I SHOULD HAVE BEEN ABLE TO CLICK I AGREE AND DOWNLOAD, BUT NO!  and i doubt they replace my hard drive until i get a lawyer which is cost prohibited. they have planned well in avoiding warranty.
1,I was very disappointed with the range of this product. It was my mistake though. Bluetooth is a HORRIBLE option for wireless audio. Bluetooth has the same quality of an 8track haha. You get what you pay for and although this is affordable, if you need to go further than 10 feet and want a good audio quality, research for a better alternative to bluetooth.		The product seemed nicely made but the bluetooth technology stands in the way. Buy something else.
1,Item was very complicated to figure out. I tried for days getting it to work in my car. I just threw it in my junk draw.
1,Okay,  received in excellent time frame, packaging all good.  Very excited to have this technology.  Read manuals charged mic plugged in as instructed.  Immediately radio went into feedback.  Turned off unit unplugged checked contacts then plugged back in only this time it created a fast pulsating sound in the radio. Mic synced fine and had audio and transmitted however, the pulsating sound is pure annoying and not desired operation.  Going to call tech support tomorrow to see if there is some thing I can do.  Radio is a Bearcat 880.  Brand new professionally installed.  Let y'all know as this progresses.
1,I had a Logitech remote before this one. The interface is OK but not great. The remote would not give me simple controls I wanted (change the input, etc) if you wanted to do something that was not an activity, you were out of luck. The remote would also forget what input I programmed for an activity. I hated it and took it back. Maybe if you wanted super simple controls this would work but my setup was too complex.
1,This is well designed and comfortable to wear except for one thing. The quick-release buckles release with only the slightest pressure and I am not going to trust $4000 of camera and lens to something that could snap open and fall at the slightest touch.  Shame really.
1,Well I've owned this one for a few years now and my eardrums have never really enjoyed it. I even have a headphone amp and took the earpads off to try and modify how it sounds. It really is too muddy sounding for my tastes. I don't understand why some people have reviewed it as having to much treble. I cant hardly hear any high frequencies and it only sounds somewhat decent if I use an equalizer. I do have to say though it is the most comfortable headphones I have ever owned. It is a joy to be able to wear this for hours on end with out a break. Although it has been built with mostly plastic it doesn't creak like some very cheap headphones do. Too bad it just doesn't sound very good. The bass for me sounds ok but the mids and highs sound dead. Even all my cheap Sony headphones sound much better.	For the sound I would give 0 stars but for the comfort of wearing them I'd give a 5. Because sound is more important for me I gave 2 stars overall. I'm not sure if you can even buy this model anymore.	I have since moved on to Grado headphones and the sound from them is much much more pleasing.
1,The flash drive was using less than 20 insertions or less than 6 months. It went dead. The systems are not able detect the flash drive.
1,I recently moved to a 2nd floor apartment of a 2-story building. I'm on the northeast corner and the broadcast towers are 32 miles to the southwest. I had a Mohu Leaf that worked decently at my previous location but I wasn't getting PBS & ABC at the new location. After reading many antenna reviews, I knew it was a gamble but I got the HD Frequency hoping for an improvement. I am disappointed. I get the same exact channels and still have problems with PBS and ABC. This is using a 1byone amplifier too (which does make a difference on both antennas). An outside antenna is not really an option and I don't want to pay for cable, so I guess I'm stuck with missing those two channels. I tried moving both around and can't find that sweet spot. Considering this was over double the cost of the Mohu Leaf, I have to give it a low rating. I do realize there are a lot of variables with antennas. I think a different antenna is probably not going to make much of a difference unless you're taking a real step up, such as going from a non-amplified to amplified or indoor to outdoor.
1,Live halfway between two metro areas that are 40 miles apart.  Have several HD antennas that can pick up between 8 and 12 channels each.  Tried this one.  No matter where it is placed I can only pick up one channel.  Some of the flat panel antennas sold by Amazon work a lot better than this metal rod.
1,I bought it for my friend, she said the quality is not very good.
1,Well, it depends on what you are buying it for.		As far as connecting to my network, it is hard-wired to my router and it popped right up. But like some other reviewers, setting up a wireless connection with WEP security is a royal PITA.		As far as using it for music (of any format) and picture files, it does an acceptable job. However, I bought this unit to play back video recorded in MS-DVR format from 2 different computers. The problem is that it does not recognize this format so really, it is my fault for not researching this before buying this unit. Many of the third party media programs will transcode these into a recognizable video format, but no matter which program I tried (and I think I have tried them all!) it is very choppy and essentially un-watchable.		Live and learn!
1,A little flimsy.
1,This antenna did nothing to change the reception of the slimline/sleek Wilson 4G cradle.  In fact, the 4G cradle did not boost reception at all.  I had an occasion (and the time) to test the reception on a long drive into the mountains.  After turning the unit (with this antenna) on and off, disconnecting and reconnecting the antenna...I noted no difference in speed or reception strength.  Using Open Signal, no change was noted in the signal strength or reception speed.  I also verified this behavior within the system settings of my Android Phone.  I made sure to be in various 1x, 3G and 4G areas and did not notice any improvement.		I also made sure to move the antenna to different locations on the vehicle and with the vehicle off.  I wanted to make sure my equipment was not causing any issues.  Since there was no difference in reception with the antenna connected or not, I cannot conclude the unit is beneficial and worth the cost.  I am HAM radio operator and an electrical engineer...		The unit was purchased and used with Wilson Electronics Sleek 4G : http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00I9I67Z2/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o01_s02?ie=UTF8&psc=1
1,This disc worked fine with an LG GGW-H20L writer. However, it takes several hours to burn the whole disc at 2x. And the BD-RE is not competitive with hard drives given the 50 GB capacity. You can get a 250 GB SATA hard drive for about the same price as this disc as of this writing. The cost per GB should not be 5x that of hard drives.		August 10, 2009 update :		New star rating is one star only.		One year after purchasing it, this disc now gives systematic verification errors when used with the Imgburn program. The disc has had less than 20 full passes and was kept within its protective jewel case when unused.		I called Panasonic support about my problem, and they informed me that their parts only carry a 90 day warranty ! They wanted to charge me $64.99 plus shipping, which was more than what I paid for the original disc. And it's twice the price of a new one from this amazon vendor. Needless to say, I'm disgusted that a single disc that originally costs this much only has such a short warranty. I will not be buying any more discs from Panasonic. Buyer beware !		FYI, I tried to amend the star rating and change it down to one, but Amazon wouldn't let me change it ! I was told by an Amazon rep that this can only be done within 30 days ! Only the text can be changed after that. It doesn't make any sense. A lot of products can fail after 30 days. I'm considering deleting the original review and posting another one, but I haven't done that yet due to the fact that it was marked helpful. I may do so if more reviews are posted on this disc.		March 2010 update : Amazon got to their senses and the star rating can now be changed. Reducing to 2 stars.
1,It sort of works. Looks great but I only get about 60% of the stations I used to get and I live in Dallas. It just WILL NOT pick up as many stations as a larger antenna. Some stations are total static... Many just cut in and out.
1,I installed AFHD-4 in 3rd floor attic with 100 feet of RG6 quad shield as per the instructions.  Our house is located in Houston, it has the metal sheath roof decking and stucco (with galvanized lathe) so reception in our house is a challenge but I did locate the antenna in front of the attic window.  FM reception was good (not great) and AM reception was not great (no stations "Tuned" as per my NAD receiver).  I also ordered a $40 TERK Advantage AM antenna.  The fine tuning feature on the TERK made all the difference.  So I'm leaving the AFHD-4 in the attic for the FM and leaving the TERK next to my stereo on the first floor.  The only downside of the TERK is you have to fine tune each station if you change the station on the stereo but that is a small inconvience for the ability to get "Tuned" stations.
1,Doesn't really work. Go more expensive or sell your nikon kit. This isn't the solution that you are looking for.
1,Spent hours on IP camera reviews.  Found the best advice was one given by a reviewer who had wasted many hours trying to make one work. He said if you cannot get it to work within an hour, don't waste your time like he did.  It's either going to work in your particular situation or not.		There are many reasons for this.  You can find them in other reviews. Many are simple, like some software not accepting certain character or spaces, others are technically complex.		Having said that, I found this camera to be very easy to install and connect to my internet modem/router (about 2 minutes). If you are tech savvy and do not plan to use the VueZone website service, it might just work for you, otherwise, read on.		I have a very simple situation: phone company modem/router, no network. It does not get simpler than that. The problem I ran into was the VueZone website, to which you have to connect to view your images via internet. This website is a nightmare.  False errors, false navigation, freezing up, etc.  This is all before I even got to register the camera to it!  When it finally registered it, it was telling me that I had a bad connection, even though the lights on the camera were telling me it was properly connected.  I tried everything I could think of for over an hour then decided to follow that wise reviewer's advice and returned it. Hard to believe their "user" website is so bad when their "marketing" website is so impressive.		I should note that I also bought an Astak Mole IP camera, also from Amazon, and that connected and got registered on the suggested Yoics website beautifully in 10 minutes and has been working fine since.  So I guess that wise reviewer was absolutely right: it will work right away for you...or not!
1,There is distortion in the optics, especially when zoomed to maximum setting.
1,I purchased this to use as a portable hard drive. I used it with the acceptable mSSDs listed. It worked fine in all 5 of my Windows 8.1 machines.....2 desktops, 2 laptops, and one tablet. I up graded to windows 10 on all computers and none of my mSSDs work in Windows 10. I don't know if it is this device or the SSDs. Bottom line...it doesn't work in Windows 10 AT ALL
1,I bought one of these and it had a very noticeable digital hiss that you could hear if the music was paused or if you were listening to something like podcasts.		So I returned it, and bought another one and it did the same thing. So I'm gonna have to recommend not to buy it, unless you don't notice such things.
1,PROS:	Easy Plug-and-play (when you have only two units, more requires work)	Well constructed (for made in China)	Not too bulky		CONS:	Signal degradation over distance isn't that much better then WiFi. (could be my house wiring, you may have more luck)	Additional units require some work and setup (and time to figure out)	Poor instructions (I assume they were originally written in Chinese and then translated poorly into English)	Included software is junk, it is obvious barely the minimum effort was taken (likely they went with the lowest bidder)		SUMMARY:	These are very easy to set up (when you have only two).  But I'm not impressed with the degradation of signal over distance compared to just plain WiFi over the same distance.  I'd expect wired (even piggy backing over your AC lines) to be much better than WiFi.  But what I found was about 50% loss over just ~60 feet.		That said, it could be my house wiring or many other factors. Others might find better performance. Also, I'm okay with the loss, so I won't return them. The speeds, for me, are good enough for streaming video upstairs.		I'm also not impressed by the poor documentation and crappy, non-intuitive software.		BEFORE YOU BUY:	They claim 600 Mbps for these units, but I cannot test this. My internet speed never gets over 100 Mbps. So I can't tell you if these actually do handle that much throughput.		For most home applications, you won't need 600 Mbps support, the cheaper 200's are more than enough. If your home internet connection is over 200 Mbps, consider yourself very lucky. Think of this like pouring water from your garden hose through huge sewer pipes. The water never fills up the sewer pipes, heck it just trickles along the bottom of the pipe. It doesn't move any faster either. So, I suggest that you just go with the 200's, you don't need pipes the size of cement sewer pipes when a normal garden hose will do.		THE TESTS:	When I plugged my network cable directly into my Cable modem last night, I got ~80 Mbps download and ~30 Mbps upload speeds on my laptop (measured via www.speedtest.net). This is WITHOUT the ZyXEL. It was just my benchmark.		Then I hooked up the two ZyXEL's; one downstairs next to my modem and the other upstairs.		Connected through the ZyXEL upstairs, at the outlet furthest away (~100 ft), I got 28 Mbps down and 11 Mbps up. Ouch!		As per suggestions online, I tried other AC outlets in the same room upstairs and ran the test each time, trying to find the best one. The best one I could get was actually in the next room over, 15 feet closer. I got 34 Mbps down and 11 Mbps up. That's adequate enough for me. But that's too far from my TV upstairs. So I have to connect a Wireless Router to the ZyXEL, in bridge mode, to extend my WiFi network upstairs.		I probably would have been better off just installing a WiFi Repeater upstairs instead.		TECHNO MUMBO JUMBO	After reading the poorly written documentation, I learned that additional units are added in a series. If I'm reading this correctly, this forms what I would call a "distributed bus" topology. That actually could be a good thing if it's correct.		How they tell you to connect additional units is this: Having four (4) units (A, B, C & D), you connect them in this way:	-  Unit-A (connected to the modem) ties to Unit-B	-  Unit-B ties to Unit-C	-  Unit-C ties to Unit-D.		(You use their included software to 'tie' these to each other)		All units, once connected to each other, form the bus. Again, if I read this correctly, you can connect to any of these access points along the bus and theoretically it shouldn't affect the overall signal.		The problem is, houses aren't usually built in straight lines. Their outlets positioned in three dimensions in rooms within the house. Where I need my connections are not each further from the source, but all pretty much equidistant from the source. So the "bus" configuration just won't do much for me.  What I need is what is called a "Star topology."		But that means setting up this way:	- Unit-A (connected to modem) connects to Unit-B (upstairs)	- Unit-C (also connected to modem) connects to Unit-D (downstairs in back room)		I'll try a few configurations and change my post as I figure things out. Maybe I can improve the performance.
1,The seller NEVER replies my e-mail. I made an order, then within 15 minutes after I made an order I contact the seller through e-mail to change the shipping address. Instead of sending it to my new address, the seller never gets back to me. Terrible communication. Slow shipping. Bad seller. End of story.
1,Too mushy.  I went back to using a racket ball instead.
1,I use a Mac and must exchange files with PCs, so the procedure is to format a USB drive FAT32 on the Mac, which is then readable by both. Have done this many times with no problems. Not this time. First thing to know; this is not simply storage. When you plug it in to a Mac or a PC, either way, some crapware called U3 comes up. I never found out exactly what U3 is, since it is NOT described anywhere on the packaging, except that it's for Windows only in any case.		Next discovery; it refuses to be erased. Turns out the only way to remove this hard partition is to download a special app from the Sandisk website. I have to scour the internet to find this out; nothing about it in instructions. Download and install a special program just to reverse this unwanted and useless "extra," requires a restart, forty-five minutes wasted.		Now I'm ready to format the drive on Mac (following the instructions on Sandisk website). Format shows fine on Mac. Then carry it over to a PC. Nope, will NOT read it. So I try to format it directly on PC. But "format" command only will format 200MB of the 8GB! Why? And now there are two partitions, which I did not want. Perhaps Windows XP may not be able to format 8GB? After wasting almost 1.5 hours on all these problems, I give up. Returned the item.		What kind of idiot company puts a customer through this? Bought a generic 4GB USB drive from Radio Shack and it worked fine.
1,Total waste of money.  Everyone I talk to using this thing says they can barely hear what I am saying.  They say it sounds like you are talking into a tin can in a tunnel.  I have tried it on 3 different computers and get the same results.
1,Lasted one week
1,this is a great item as long as you don't want silence... so it's not for bedrooms, which is what I bought it for. The USB is very convenient but the whole unit has a slight all the time buzz.
1,UPDATE AFTER 1 YEAR	Read below for my initial review of their performance.	The earphones stopped transmitting any Bluetooth signal after about 3 months. Can't connect. Can't pair a new device. They still have charge. I can turn them on and hear it say "Power On", but that is about all the listening enjoyment I get now. They were really cheap (cost) and I guess they were pretty cheap (quality). They performed flawlessly when it was working, but the period in which they worked correctly was too short for anything more than 2 stars.		I'm no audiophile, so I'm not going to try to tell you about the clarity of the highs, lows, supers, downers, and mids produced by these phones. I will tell you that I like a wide variety of music and audio books. I've not come across anything that sounded bad. The only thing I don't like about the sound is if you get a really good seal in your ear, heavy footsteps (like when I'm running) reverberate through and sound a bit like a base drop. "Whub. Whub. Whub. Whub." If you run into that, just pull the bud out a tiny bit so that it isn't sealed perfectly.		I got these mostly to work out. I've run, lifted, jumped around, and mowed the lawn. They never once felt like they were coming loose in my ears, and I never had to worry about pulling the cord out of my phone. I've established a routine of charging these every weekend. During the week, I work out about 4 times and mow the lawn once. That ends up being 4-5 hours of play time, and they've never died on me.		I feel a tad picky in giving these 4 stars. I think they really deserve 5. I have only one point of discontent. I don't like the cord that connects the two buds. It's a tad too long for just wrapping around the back of my head, so it typically ends up wresting on the back of my neck and on some types of workouts it ends up rubbing a lot. If you use the little clip and clip it to your shirt, that takes care of the rubbing, but it pulls if you turn your head too far. I've found the best solution is to clip it up on top of my head. That takes care of any annoyances... but then I have a clip in my hair, which I can live with, but seems kind of silly.		For $25 I'd buy these over and over again.
1,STM Grip looked promising after viewing a review of it on YouTube.  However, the quality is low.  The inside microfiber lining was off alignment.  Also, the kickstand is not very adjustable so that the one stable position is with it in an extreme angle which is not ideal for viewing a video for example.		Further, J&R was a rude when I contacted them about returning the item.  I was given a UPS label and this was ok, but the representative kept cutting me off when I was trying to explain my issues with the item.
1,very poorly made.	volume stopped working after 20 minutes, also terrible radio reception
1,I really gave this thing several chances.  It works for about 1 minute, then seems to freeze and eventually detach.  One time it corrupted my disk, so I moved it to a competitor's enclosure to fix it.  It wasn't the cable, and wasn't the power adapter and it seemed to seat fine in the unit.  Sometimes it would not even present the disk to the system.  This thing is going back.
1,These are VERY low quality ear buds.  I found them uncomfortable to wear and the sound was muffled, tinny, and static-y, especially at higher volumes.  I'm really puzzled as to how they received a high rating from other reviewers.  Utterly useless as far as I'm concerned.
1,Not working, garbage unit
1,To start off, its mouse in no way meeting gaming standards.  The cable it has is stiff, which affects sensitive movements.  The sliders are tiny, which will not last long.  The Auto-Fire button is fake.  It does nothing autofire.  All it does is toggle your primary click into a double click.  There is no reason someone would need that.  I bought it under the impression that it would be the auto fire button in classic arcades or controllers. I was sold a box of lies.
1,The description states:		"All-around sound for all your gear. HDTV. iPod. Game console. DVD player. Just plug in your entertainment gear and you can immerse yourself in big 5.1 surround sound--even from your 2-channel stereo music, movie and game tracks."		This is very misleading.  The audio inputs on this device are limited to receiving true 5.1 audio only from PC soundcards.  Xbox360, PS3, HDTV all use Toslink optical out for digital 5.1 audio, and these speakers lack any input for digital audio.  That means for games consoles and TV these speakers only perform in 2.1 (no real surround sound).		Contrary to the product description, anybody who connects these speakers to a game console, HDTV, iPod, DVD player, etc. will only be receiving 2.1 audio via red/white or 3.5mm.  Avoid them if you want 5.1 audio from anything other than a PC.  Mine are going back.  Very disappointing.
1,If I increase the volume to max or high it can't handle it, I hear clipping ir distortion because not enough juice? All it does is give 3 different sound effects.
1,It's a good thing that this is a pack. I messed the first one up because there were so many bubbles (I cleaned my ipad really well before installing and I still couldn't get the bubbles out. I also feel like the fingerprints still show up pretty well on this film.		Installation Recommendation: Before installing, clean your screen with mild cleaner and a microfiber rag. Then use 2" Blue Painters tape or something similar and coat the entire screen. Once you are ready to install peel off the tape and there won't be any dust on the screen.
1,This was bought to replace the one that came on a universal charger block. It would not stay in the mini USB socket of a Kindle Fire at all. Even when held in place by gentle pressure the charging light did not come on. Back it went.
1,Bought thinking it just covered back but it is well over edges on front.  I will look at integrated Smart Cover product with front and back.
1,These are decent, but not great. Essentially a 'You get what you pay for' situation. The sound is decent, but a little tinny and flat. They work great for an audio book, or podcast, but for music and movies, you may find them to be a bit of a letdown. They fit comfortably in the ear, are very lightweight, and provide reliable output.		Edit: I am downgrading my initial assessment from three stars to one. After only a few hours of casual use, the sound became intermittent when the wire was moved a certain way (likely a frail wire due to poor craftsmanship). Because it is impossible to listen to anything AND move at the same time, I consider these useless as a listening device. And because there is no return or refund option for this product, I now also consider these a waste of money.
1,The first one I plugged in was broken in 20 seconds. The USB connection severed from the body of the light when I adjusted the angle.  I did not expect outstanding quality, but hoped it would last a bit longer.  I will keep working through the other pieces, hopefully one will last a while.
1,No remote control comes with it!
1,This flash drive wouldn't work if I plugged it into the keyboard of macs because there "isn't enough power". But none of that matters anymore, because it has simply STOPPED working after 1 month. As a photographer and a student, I use my flash drives multiple times per day, so needless to say this is a HUGE inconvenience for me. I want my money back!
1,I think there may have been an update in the OS that seems to cause the cable not to function properly.  I also keep receiving a message from iPad that the accessory is not compatible and then the pencil never charges.  I also noticed that the most recent reviews show more people having problems charging with the cable.
1,The good:	Cheap	Front facing speakers		The bad:	Really slow	The screen has low resolution and A LOT of backlight bleed	Very flimsy - screen warps easily while holding it	Feels cheap and plasticky	Thin and short cable	Weak charger	No vibration motor	Poor cameras		I really wanted to like it because it looked good on paper but in reality it's junk compared other tablets in this price range. Take my word for it, buy a lenovo tab 2 a10 - there is a reason more people buy it....you will be MUCH happier.
1,What a ripoff. $9.24 for one bottle that can be had at Adorama for $2.99 and free hipping. Title DOES MAKE YOU THINK YOU ARE GETTING A CARTON OF 24. $5.95 shipping would indicate a much larger parcel than one bottle. If I were you I would stay away from this seller.
1,Connection not stable ..	Don't know if its a defective unit I got ..	Works but not reliable ..	Could be better ..
1,It didn't last more than a week. Disappointing
1,Well i bought this 9 months back when i bought my new house, finaly Instaled today, video looks nice , clear wide angle but i am very disappointed that the cameras are not audio equipped,  wtf , the dvr has audio in and out but cameras dont? Most systems ive used in the past allow audio from at least 1 camera and all cameras were capable , not sure what good video is without audio in a residential  use		Also apears to be a zoom function that does not work with these cameras? And pan function? Again wtf
1,Arrived deffective and couldn't change it. It had a dead memory.
1,Horrible, difficult to pair but once that was achieved it did stay paired so I'll give it that. The tablet stands straight up which was awkward though stable. Typing was a joke! Skipped keys, stuck keys....there was no flow, some have to be pushed harder than other. Just awful!
1,Kind of works. Difficult to get focused properly. C
1,Even with the latest firmware as of 5 20 2011: Locks up during blue ray playback all buttons and remote unresponsive pulling the power plug is the only way to get it to work again.  Optical audio is only sending dolby stereo not surround sound, component video not working with my older tv ( both optical audio and component video worked with my DVD player so it is clear this unit is the problem.  Setup menu has many grayed out choices ie 4:3 aspect, 3d on,  USB? it doesnt have a usb port very odd.  Returning it. Didnt buy at amazon because UPS destroys electronics sent to us from amazon, so at least returning will be easy, going to pick another brand.
1,These days for table screens, this is not 100% privacy. From top and bottom view, I can still see what is in the screen.
1,The cable didn't last long.  Worked when I got it.  Then a few weeks later I disconnected it to move some stuff around and it never worked properly again.  Flexing the cable even a little breaks the connection.		Hopefully I just got a bad cable, but I won't be buying another one to find out.
1,The enclosure will not wake the drive when the computer wakes from sleep, at least not when it is already powered-on and connected to the computer via eSATA.		I have my computer set to begin a backup early in the morning, waking from sleep to do so. Because the enclosure does not wake, the backup drive is not visible to Windows (even though it was when I put the computer to sleep) and the backup fails.		The drive will spin up and be recognized if I power-cycle the enclosure, but that's no longer an automated backup.		I'll probably find another use for the enclosure, but this is a disappointment. I had purchased this to replace a "dock" type enclosure that doesn't really enclose the drive (but which does show up when woken from sleep).
1,was broken
1,As others have indicated the Smart cover doesn't work.  Returning it for a refund. Ordered a Poetic cover and am quite happy with it.
1,Returned product
1,Usb 3.0 software doesn't work
1,Very poor construction. USB port is not up to the task of daily charger plugin. Mine broke just after the warranty ran out and they wouldn't extend it or offer a low-cost replacement. The headset does not grip your head correctly. Almost any movement of your head will result in the headset falling off. Volume is not loud enough for use in even moderately loud environments. Bad purchase - stay away from this one!
1,I bought this pen in  hopes that I can use it for editing photographs on my IPAD on the go when I don't have access to my normal home editing station and Wacom tablets.  To my disappointment, if you are like me and like to have your Ipad or tablet protected in a case like an Otterbox, this pen is useless!  In order to use this with protective cases that have a layer of plastic between the pen and the screen, you have to go the labor intensive process of removing your IPad from its protective case.  Your ipad simply does not detect the use of the pen if its in these cases.  Also, the pen did not want to connect to Bluetooth following the crappy directions that come with the device.  The small light on the side of the pen give now real sense of if your device is on or off, and the ipad Bluetooth would not see the device after following the Pairing directions.  I bought this and its been sitting in its charger dock ever since because I only got it to work a few times and even then, it was spotty if the ipad would even detect the strokes on the screen. I can only discuss the IPad Air 2, so I can't tell you if this is only a problem on the Air 2, but right now it just looks neat sitting there in the dock.
1,The Amazon description for this product is incorrect.  It states the basic plan is free but you must pay a yearly fee. You only get a one month before you have to pay for the service. And the worst part is you are not told that the basic service plan is not free until you create an on-line account during the set-up process.
1,This is a really crappy headphone. The earbuds are ridiculously large and uncomfortable to wear. It drops out of the ear all the time. The sound quality is only ok. Much worse than the $10 UE earbuds that I bought before. This thing was broken after 3 months use. Do yourself a favor and don't buy it.
1,As much as I want to praise this camera, I cannot recommend it at its current level of reliability.		Issues:	- Loss of network communication	- Wrong alarm email messages being sent	- Poor focus		The biggest issue is with network communications.  All of my testing has been on Wi-Fi (802.11g) with an AP that is about 10ft away.  Generally within 2-12 hours of operation the camera ceases to either send alarm messages or be reachable by other devices on the web.  When connected, the camera reports 4 out of 4 bars of signal strength, and all of my other (numerous) Foscam 8910 cameras have no issues on this AP.  This pretty makes the camera useless.		The second issue is that the camera gets stuck in a mode in which it sends old an old email alarm message for new alarms. The old subject line and images are sent for any new motion alarm event until the device is reset.  This has occurred repeatedly.		And lastly, the focus is pretty fuzzy, but perhaps an end user could somehow tweak this.		Overall I've been a long-time user and fan of the Foscam 8910's, and had high hopes for this one, but cannot recommend it given these issues.  The issues have been sent to Foscam, but they have not responded.  The camera has the most current firmware, versions: system firmware 1.2.1.1 and app firmware 1.1.1.10.		My advice is to avoid this product until Foscam fixes these critical flaws.
1,Out of the box it is only in focus out to about five feet.  Anything farther out is blurry. Very disappointed.
1,I read some of the one star ratings and they made me a bit skeptical about getting this router. It is a good-looking design (it sits on my kitchen counter next to my phone so it has to look decent) and I've heard good things about Belkin but I didn't want to have the same problems I had with my previous one. At home I connect my iMac, my Blu-ray player and my work PC as well as the odd iPad and Android phone. I had been having problems with a different brand router where the Blu-ray wouldn't connect or the Mac would have to have the Airport turned off and back on. Those one star ratings were for these kinds of problems.		The Belkin N300 has yet to do any of that goofiness. It just works. I like that there is an option to schedule reboots which is probably part of the secret to this router's stability. I used to have to periodically restart my old one. Setup was not bad. It ships with a default SSID and password so you can pretty much plug and play. I didn't want to have to go around and change the settings on all my devices so I did the set up manually. Also, there is a setup utility you can run on your PC to handle this stuff but I didn't want it messing with my wifi settings so I didn't use it.		So far so good!		UPDATE: I've had this router for a year now and I am replacing it. I set up two laptops with Ubuntu Linux and they chronically have problems accessing popular websites like Facebook and YouTube. Also, my iMac will stall when accessing a website. It will start loading and then hang for a while. Most of the time it completes. I bought an Epson wifi printer and that constantly shows off line. I'm not positive the problem is with the router but I suspect it.		The reason I decided to replace it was because of the problems I'm chronically having an also I think it is going bad. Ping times to Google were around 4,000 msec via wireless. When I plugged my laptop into the router, ping times dropped to about 1,500 msec but when I plugged directly into the DSL modem, they were constantly about 53 msec. I checked for a firmware update and there were none. Unplugging it for a few minutes got the time down to the 500 msec range.		I wanted to try to flash it with DD-WRT or Tomato but you can't. Even though it is a year old, I still have the box (I hope!) and will try to return it.
1,These are pieces of garbage.  The guys that invented it need to go back to work doing whatever it was they were doing.  First, I waited four months to get the five I ordered.  I put three to use right away, and in two months all of them now no longer work.  If it is the battery, then the batteries suck, just like the product.  These are unreliable, do not do what they say, and do not work!  Do not waste your money on these!  I am sending mine back to the company with a dead fish.  The fish is worth more than these worthless pendants!
1,"The file or data is corrupt and unreadable"	That's what I get after about 100 days of use. This drive was always agonizingly slow to read onto; adequate to write onto.	Now it has completely failed. Most my stuff and pics were backed up. Some recent stuff not.	I'll never buy a "Corsair" product again and I'll spread the word about this junk to whomever is in the market for a USB.	You have been warned, don't trust this maker. Go with one of the trusted brands. Spend a few extra bucks for quality.	What good is a rugged case when the electronics inside fail completely?!	Also, listen, there is only a key ring hole on the USB SIDE. Do you really want your keys hanging off your computer in full view/unsecured! Stupid design.
1,Fried my hard drive
1,BEWARE of this company's customer service.  They are horrible to work with if you get DOA memory, which happened to me on 2 PNY sticks.  They make cheap products, then put you through hell to return them.	You have to fill out the form on their website with WAY too many questions, then you must wait for a response.  Then they simply email you back and say to call a phone number (1-800-234-4597) and start the process over again.  Their phone system is AWFUL and puts you through loops, then it hung up on me TWICE.  Their customer service people on the phone are rude, and unwilling to help.  I told them I would be writing a review on Amazon, and they didn't care.  Also, cross-ship return is not available unless you pay a non-refundable $30 fee, in addition to a hold on your credit card.		A word to the wise: BUY ANOTHER BRAND.  It's not worth the headache.
1,It worked satisfactorily, for several months but then the power slot started to go.  Eventually worked its way to a point where I could not charge the device without holding the cord in the 'perfect'position'. Sent it back for a repair, but when they sent it back, we received an empty box with no device in it... been waiting now 8 weeks for a replacement device to be sent.  All requests seem to fall on def ears as we repeatedly get the same canned response...  as soon as we get another model of your exact device we will ship one out.  Really disappointed with Asus.
1,Just ok. Rises up at volume buttons, almost like a milky, cloudy, chalky type residue on the back that won't come off. I've scrubbed it with soap and hot water, glass cleaner, etc... still noticeable
1,I find this player to be very confusing to use, & I'm sorry I didn't just spend the money on a Sony Walkman. The instructions are very convoluted and despite going online to their web site, and U-tube, etc. [where teenage girls seem to find it simple, but can't teach you how to use it very well], I watched and listened about all this jumping around and multiple buttons to push, or push and hold and all that to be too much hassle.  I just wanted a simple player to load with my music from my computer and hook in with my Bluetooth headphones, and off I go.	Downloading MediaMonkey was a pain I didn't need, all they wanted was for you to upgrade and spend money, and didn't make it any easier to do, in fact it made it more confusing.  I know with the Sony Walkman you can just drag & drop your playlists, or albums right from I-tunes or Media Player.	I'm too old for this crap, and wish I could send it back.
1,I have had two of these. The first one worked out of the box for about a week to a week and a half after having it in the freezer for 20 minutes. Then it would just remain in boot mode forever. Sent it back, got a new one which was DOA (Dead on Arrival). While the RECentral user interface was exquisite, the product overall, even when it worked, was unsatisfactory. Would not recommend.
1,I tried this card in my lg800g and nothing. all that kept happening was an error message saying that there is an error with the card. Thinking it was my phone,I gave it to my mom and her phone rejected it too. Now I was beginning to get mad. I then tried it in a devoted tablet that has accepted every card I have so far. and......... it was rejected again. I would sen d it back, however my pathetic post office wants like $5.00 to ship it so I stuck with a plastic paperweight. BUYERS BEWARE! DO NOT BUY!!!
1,I just received this unit and it took me a couple of hrs to set it up because the "CD" it came with is really a DVD so I downloaded everything off the net. So be sure you have a DVD player on your PC to set this up!		I am to leave tomorrow for Wintergreen Resort in Wintergreen VA & then on to Creekside Village in Basye VA, neither city can be found on this GPS so I am back to internet/print-it-up directions. Wintergreen does not come up on Google, but Google pulls up Nellyford for it which is close. Bayse is on Google.		It does NOT play sound in AC mode (you must have the DC hooked up as the speaker is attached to the cord and it's not very loud).		Either it doesn't have a PC interface where I could type in settings ahead of time or I have yet to figure it out (and I'm quite the PC nerd).		No QWERTY keyboard, it's in ABC order.		Very bulky. I had a TomTom which was compact, lighter and cheaper,	but had me going down roads that were dead ends & roads that weren't there!		Now I have a Magellen, which I liked but also has it's cons & it broke in the middle of a trip (only 2 mons old), so I hope Magellan will replace it.
1,This thing does what it's supposed to do the but the support SUCKS.  Half of the new DVR's are NOT supported which is absolutely ridiculous for a product that is supposed to allow to stream TV.  The website is the worst website I've ever come across.  It runs you in circles and will not let you download the software.  If you're device is not supported (which are A LOT of new devices), you would have basically install a whole bunch of hacks to get this thing to work.  So if you have some computer expertise and a few days to kill, go for it. Otherwise, stay FAR away and go with another video streaming options. (Note I'm a computer engineering with 10 years of experience, so it's not like I don't how to work a TV).
1,Just threw it away today.  The end connector broke off.  I have had to reboot my router way too often with this cheap cable.
1,If you're reading this review and wondering what exactly this product does, you're not alone. After reading every detail on the package, it was barely clear to me as to what the product even was. All of the information is just a series of vague compliments about itself like "easy to set up!" and "works at high speeds!", or my favorite, "integrated quality of service". What does that even mean? It means they knew there wasn't much to say about their product so they resorted to useless information.		The way this works is you connect one plug into the electrical outlet and a modem/router, and the other plugs into a different electrical outlet and the device that is connecting to the internet (computer, game console).		For this price tag, why not buy an actual router that connects to more than one device without clogging outlets with these giant boxes? A router is half as expensive and exponentially more versatile.		The two stars are simply for the fact that it does what it's supposed to do. There's just no need for it to exist in the first place.
1,Creating a DVD, using iMovie to iDVD EVEN on a PowerMac G5 Quad (superfast, supergreat!) is a 4-5 hour process. A 10-15% FAILURE rate, due to POOR media quality is UNACCEPTABLE! The 'quality control' at MEMOREX sucks!		It is NOT so much the cost of the bad DVDs, but, there are superficial scratches on the recording surface of 5-8 out of every 50 I have used, causing a failure to burn, after a VERY lengthy set up process.		I will be using VERBATIM blank media  . .FROM NOW ON!
1,For me anyway. I bought it  to use on my motorcycle to send Stereo music to my head set from my GPS that did not send stereo music. It works OK but just another gizmo. The battery life was not long enough for a full days ride and it just turned into a PITA. Trashed it.
1,I purchased this because of the very high rating here on Amazon, but my camera cannot focus on me sitting in front of the computer. If I put my face or hand less than 6 inches away, it focuses perfectly well and shows the pores on my nose in perfect high definition. :) But sitting at a comfortable distance away, I feel like Barbara Walters with a Vaseline smeared camera lens. Maybe I just got a lemon, so I will try to exchange it.
1,AFTER READING THE REVIEWS FROM PREVIOUS BUYERS I EXPECTED THAT THIS UNIT WOULD SOMEWHAT	IMPROVE MY TV PICTURE. I CONNECTED THE UNIT PER THE INSTRUCTIONS-NO CHANGE IN THE PICTURE,I CONNECTED IT FIRST WITHOUT THE POWER INSERTER THEN WITHOUT. I TRIED ALL OF THE OUTLET CONNECTIONS	ABOUT THE ONLY THING THAT WORKED ON THIS ITEM WAS THE GREEN LED-SORRY I MUST RETURN.		N.DE LUCA	MANCHESTER,NJ
1,Very small (I was worried it would restrict one of my video card fans above it).	I downloaded the small driver package off the asus website (the 8mb, not the large one) and installed those drivers via the device manager.		Lower latencies than my USB card wifi had, and faster overall speeds.	Win 7 - 64		Edit:	Every few days this adapter stops working.  It shows a strong wifi connection, but I can't even ping anything on my network.  Restarting the computer "fixes" the issue for a few minutes.  I've tried ASUS and Realtek drivers to no avail.  Maybe it's heat related?  Either way, going to take my loss on this and buy a better adapter.  Very disappointing ... I had high hopes for this budget adapter for the first few days.
1,lasted 4 months just using nighly bedside, disappointing.  why cant someone make a cable that doesent wear out, ever ever
1,Sound is intermittent. If they are jiggled just right some static remnants of signal do manage to come through. Very cheap cost but very cheaply made. It wasn't worth it to me to even return them, I just threw them away and will order something better. I will not buy cables from this company again.
1,I have pretty big ears and its great to have buds that'll stay in.	My tolerance for these is about 45 minutes. No adjustments. But I gotta take them out.
1,Who am I to review a camera, a topic that I have so little knowledge of? But I can share that -ten years after purchasing my first FUJI which made good pictures throughout the years- this is the second camera to make me happy! It takes great pictures, has a lot of gimmicks that I probably won't ever explore, and it seems to be the same sturdy built like the 5600 that I will actually keep active.	One detail though, I find worthy to criticize: The old 5600 could be easily connected to a power supply but with this new one you first need to buy an adapter. If you want to actually use it, you need to take the batteries out and insert the adapter into the battery compartment. This is by no means use-friendly and clearly a step in the wrong direction.	Summing this up, I'd clearly recommend the camera to anybody who wants to take good pictures at a reasonable price.		Update: The camera's internal battery seems to have died prematurely after little more than a year. Once you are not fast enough when changing the batteries or the card, you will have to readjust the date. This is quite annoying!
1,Don't work
1,First thing is that the USB connector is extremely loose. The slightest movement with disconnect the camera from the computer. Second the picture is grainy. It is difficult to adjust the lens in the front. The camera worked for about 10 minutes then went black and I was unable to get it to come back. I did find that the camera would also freeze in the midst of taking video. This could have been as a result of a bad camera.		The features I did like was that you could turn down the LEDs to the point where they were out, by a dial on the cable. Also It did focus at one point down to about 3 - 4 mm and showed text clear, but with some grain. Probably the best feature is the clip/stand. The button on the top was useless, what ever it does. The website on the install sheet was not available for a driver, however Windows found a driver for it. No instructions on how to use the camera or software.		Overall the camera appeared to be very unstable. Going out and coming back in could have been because of the loose USB connector, but when it went out completely and moving the cable or focus did not bring it back I knew it was time to ask for a refund.
1,Looks cool ..but won't make contact to charge ..a buddy tried to warn me but I had to pay to find out ....dont get this g11 ... get the gonovate  8 it is a perfect 5. This one is the worst one the other gonovate products are very good ..but this one ..dont pay to find out like me ..just don't buy it and keep your $ for the g8
1,I ordered the usb drive with the TCL 49" TV to use the "pause/rewind" feature of the TV. The TV formatted the drive when installed, and worked about 4/5 days. Then I got a "no usb drive found" error displayed on the TV. The protect feature was never used,the drive was installed "as is".	I checked the drive on my pc, and it shows 0 space used & 0 space available. It must have enabled the "private" space feature somehow. Cannot re-format or use the drive, "bricked". Since this is a non returnable item & postage to send back to mfg. would cost more than it's worth. I installed	an old usb drive (different brand") and have not had any problems since. No more SanDisk for me.
1,I received the wrong size. I ordered this for Samsung Pro Tablet 8.4" and received a larger one. I believe the one i received was for 10" screen.
1,This watch didn't even last an entire day before the face totally messed up. I got this for my husband for his birthday and he was so excited about it. Followed all of the directions and it seemed to be awesome that night. By 2 pm the next day it was messed up and he reset it and it didn't help. We ended up returning it. I wish I had read the reviews prior to purchase as it would have saved a lot of time and headache.
1,You get what you pay for.  Cheaply made, wobbly and the holder becomes loose.
1,These covers don't seem to want to stick to the screen so lots of bubbles. Won't buy them again. I will look for a different type
1,Left ear phone went and stopped working after 4 weeks. I only use them 6 hours a week.
1,I bought this RAM for a MacBook Pro 5,4 (Mid-2009). Corsair brand should be good and it says "Mac Memory" and "Apple Certified" on it. Great price too.		After installation, on startup, the computer gave three bongs which, according to [...] means: "RAM does not pass data integrity check."		I returned it to Amazon and asked for replacement. The replacement gave the same three bongs.		Note that the computer is spec'ed 1066 MHz PC3-8500 DDR3 SDRAM. This RAM, at 1333 MHz, I understand is backwards compatible, but I guess not in my case.		I'm returning it again and will be shopping for another brand or model.
1,we had this camera for about 2 weeks...during that time we were actually pleased with the picture quality and the videos it took..the camera was handled like a baby but started having issues with the pictures being out of focus..the iso was not adjusting based on the type of picture chosen...like the sports setting would not increase the iso up to handle fast shutter speeds...we called pentax and was told to send back to them... they received it September 17 (about 7 weeks ago)...they say they are waiting on a part that is on backorder...this camera was brand new and rather than send another camera we sit here waiting for them to fix the one they have with no idea when we will get it back...i have always been a big supporter of pentax and have multiple dslrs K5s, lens, etc and i am actually worried now that if i have issues with any of my other equipment i will have to deal with their service center...their service is terrible...if i were to rate the camera for the short period it worked i would give it 4 stars but rating the service group at pentax gets a big 0...i know there are lemons you can get, but come on pentax, stand behind your product and send a new one and treat customers like you care!!! i was on the pentax forum today and another individual commented on having the same problem...buyer beware...i wonder how many are having issues.
1,Very comfortable, horrible sound quality! I could not return them after tossing the box, so they went in the trash.
1,I am replacing in my previous good review with what this product deserves, now that it is going phooey and I bought it in May 2015 for $389.  For perhaps 6 months, not exactly sure how long,  I have had to tape the charger to the laptop so it would stay in, but when it hasn't charged in two days.despite the aggravation of constantly taping and  retaping, I took it in for repair to look at, and they tried a new charger which didn't do any good as they expected, as I understand the inner mechanism isn't connecting properly with the charger and it is not fixable, at least not worth it.  Besides, I need to have a computer and can't be without it due to repair.		This is all too bad because I really liked the compact size, transformer feature and touch screen.  This same thing happened to an HP I had a while back and also to my friends (not Asus) laptop.  I guess this is planned obsolescence at its best.		Anyone have any recommendations, are all they all like this?  All I need is a very simple laptop and the fancy stuff just causes problems. l I need is to write in blog, FB, send emails and play an occasional game of Scrabble or Shanghai.  Features are actually a negative, as they cause trouble, like accidentally making the computer do something I don't want.		Extended warranties are useless for me as I need the laptop with me and not in the shop and am not aware of anyone who provides loaners during repair.  External speakers must be used for certain websites, including the MOOCs I take and other things, and this is a real pain.  I can't say if this issue is due to the company or the third party.  Someone should lock you up in laptop Hell and throw away the keys.....
1,Well I have had this DVD Player for 3 years now and it still only plays half of the DVD's from Reg 2.  I find it to be a piece of junk.
1,This computer bag is way smaller than it says. As another person said, it advertises 15.6 inch screen laptop computers. Well I tried to put my Toshiba Satellite L55T-C5388 that ended up being worth nothing because the screen never worked and I got the laptop to fit in there but never get the zipper to fully zip. Also couldn't get my money back due to shipping because I didn't need it after a dud of a laptop that wouldn't fit into it anyway. With the shipping total I would have got $5.00 back out of paying over $20.00 for it. Heck of a way to make a profit on Christmas.
1,Only one side had sound.  Disappointing.  Returned
1,Don't waste your money.  Very cheaply made.....lots of glare.  The top sags and if you put the lights too close to the fabric, I am sure it will start a fire.  EXTREMELY HOT BULBS TO USE CLOSE TO FABRIC
1,My question to Philips is, "have you used the Harmony One?" The Prestigo 20 is so inferior that Philips should have never put this out on the market for the same price. The easiest way to explain is to highlight a common usage scenario. This will be familiar to anyone with a DVR. Commercial time! Let's use our DVR to jump past the commercials. Here's what you do with a Harmony remote:		1. Find 30 second skip button by feel. Press it a few times.	2. Find jump back button by feel and press it once or twice.		Here is the process with the Prestigo 20:		1. Pick up the remote and bring screen close enough to read.	2. Press screen to wake it up (because it goes to sleep after a couple of seconds of inactivity)	3. Scroll through screens of buttons with small text to find "Quick Skip". Press it a few times.	4. Scroll back through screens of buttons with small text to find "Instant Replay". Press it once or twice.		This is a process you'll go through 5-10 times for every hour of TV. This remote fails in so many ways that I'll just list some of them rather than write a proper review.		* Not enough physical buttons. Most of your common activity will be routed through the touchscreen. But the buttons in the touchscreen aren't laid out intelligently. They're in alphabetical order! The text is also small and difficult to read for the older users that are the target audience for this remote. By contrast, the physical buttons are gigantic and waste space that could be used for sorely needed functionality.		* Remote hosted setup is cumbersome and poorly done. The main differentiator of the Prestigo 20 is that it doesn't require a computer for configuration. This could be a strong feature if done well. Sadly, it's not. You aren't even asked what inputs on the TV and Receiver are used for the activity being created. Controlling these inputs is the very reason to use an activity based remote. You can get to them through a confusingly labeled macro screen but this should be a part of the standard activity setup. In general, the configuration is awkward.		* Inadequate library. Here are some of missing functions for my equipment: Sony TV input 7, Toshiba DVD player power on (can only power off), DirecTV DVR list programs, Apple TV missing altogether, Lexicon receiver surround modes. All of these would have to be manually learned from existing remotes. It's worth nothing that the Harmony library has all of these.		* No "help" button for when things go awry. These activity based remotes function by sending out multiple IR commands in sequence. It's not uncommon for one of these commands to miss. All you have to do is not pay attention and aim the remote at the ceiling for a second while it's going through it's procedure. The Harmony remotes have a Help button with a step by step process of getting your equipment into it's proper state. The Prestigo lacks this and the only way to reset things would be to turn everything off and start again.		* Touchscreen is unresponsive. It takes a firm press for the touchscreen to register. This is not the responsive capacitive touch control like you get in an iPhone or a laptop's trackpad. This is old style resistive touch like a stylus based PDA. The unresponsiveness combined with the small buttons make using the remote a chore.		* No charging cradle. You'll have to dig out the charger every time the battery runs low. The AC adapter blocks 2 outlets. The charging plug on the remote is behind a fussy cover. It takes 2 hands to plug and unplug which is a challenge with the remote on a side table tethered to the wall by a short cord. The Harmony One has a simple cradle that takes no effort to use. It's always charged with no thought.		I could go on but I'm tired of complaining about it. This is one of the most disappointing and poorly designed products I can recall testing. Philips took one idea, "make an activity based remote without needing a computer to setup", and put in almost no thought beyond that about how a user will actually use the product.		Edit: After playing around with it some more I've discovered a bit more customization is available than I initially realized. This customization is not described in the manual and isn't obvious how to access or use. Though welcome, it's not an adequate solution for the non technologically savvy users the Prestigo is aimed at.
1,I was hoping this filter would allow me to shoot  wide open during the day 1.4 - 2.8. I knew I couldn't crank up the polarization to the max, but this filter adds the "cross" effect even at half range mark. Any lower and it isn't much of use. What a total dud.
1,Like others I was disappointed at the actual product not being the same as what was pictured on amazon, or gigbytes site.  This was the first time in almost 10 years I tried a gigabyte mobo, and I shall say never again, ASUS ftw. But that being said, it is a ok board, plays nice with the hardware and client liked the build.
1,The sound quality was good, but they have already developed a short in the plug after only a month of light use.  I can't say anything good about a product that is this delicate.  It's really a shame because they are good headphones otherwise.
1,BAD
1,I purchased this product because it supposed to have a regular USB connection (as shown in the pictures), which means I only needed to buy an OTG adapter for my Galaxy Tab 2 7", but first thing I noticed is that it comes with a MICRO USB connection, which makes it almost IMPOSSIBLE to connect to my galaxy tab, because I would need to buy 2 adapters for this, one for the Micro USB (very expensive by the way), and another OTG USB 30 pin for the Galaxy Tab.		If you're thinking on buying this item for a Galaxy tab 2 7 I hardly recommend you not to, waste of money not sure what will I do with this now, as not so many tablets have connection for micro USB.
1,Unfortunately I wanted to like this item, however I have to return it as it does not work for me. It would disconnect me from the WiFi that I setup and overall just not pleased with the range of WiFi provided.
1,I called Transcend in search of a fix on how to get my MacBook to see this USB 3 reader. Technically Transcend seems to be marketing this product around the PC intell market, as they had no understanding of the issue or Apple systems. So if you're an Apple user I would look elsewhere as I am to find a product that works seamlessly.
1,This a good example  of  " YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR ".	I believe we got what they said.	But I am disappointed with the quality.	READ THE DESCRIPTION CAREFULLY TO BE SURE THIS IS WHAT YOU WANT !
1,Mouse stopped moving the mouse pointer after only 3 days of use. The 2 bottons and the wheel still worked, therefore only the laser and/or its interface died. Since there were other reports of the same symptoms, Logitech must still be using low quality components and have not taken steps to effectively fix the problem. Mouse has been returned to Amazon for a full refund.
1,Bluetooth failed on second use and never worked again. This headset is a very expensive paper weight now.
1,When they work, these are just fine. However, we had issues with them heating up over a few minutes of use and then cutting in and out sporadically. Another person used these as well and had the same issues. Thanks to Amazon's return policy we were able to return them and get a higher quality extender.		You definitely get what you pay for. These are cheap, and perform cheap.
1,Hooked this up on my ~60 foot HDMI run.	Plugged unit into TV side of HDMI cable, other side connected to received.	Unfortunately, all I get is a black screen with audio. Tried at both 1080p and 1080i, no difference.	Remove unit and TV is back to 'normal.'		Your mileage may vary....
1,Well this is  sketchy outcome, I have one cord that is working perfectly after 60 days and the other cord no longer works. Cant return or replace the not working cord. Just be careful with consistency in quality expectations.
1,Nothing wrong with the vision quality.	The only negative is the hard to manipulate the control buttons at the bottom for volume control and brightness. Although I have kept the screen brightness to the mainimum, still its hard to see the buttons through and what their function is.	Also, I wish there was at least a built-in earphone jack, if USB port was too much to ask for.	Thanks
1,UPDATE 8/10/16.  Still doesn't work.  Will not sync to android phone.		We have gone through a number of different childrens wrist devices.  It seemed like this one was going to be the easiest to set up just from looking at the directions.  What could go wrong?  The children have a Fire phone for which many applications have begun to work  generally by going to, 1Mobile Market..  But I used my Samsung Note to hook it up to Android just for purposes of the review and because I did not want another useless wrist band to deal with.  (Dont ask)		It seemed all user-friendly except that I am never able to get the initial set up to start.  It says PUSH and I do and it says Unfortunately Moff has stopped.  Report OK.  I tried variations, holding the push button, not holding it, pushing it before or after the directions popping up.  But the light always goes off and it says: Unfortunately Moff has stopped.  Report OK.  The green light does not stay on so it says it is off:  Unfortunately Moff has stopped.  Report OK.  The next time the red light comes up and the same message comes up: Unfortunately Moff has stopped.  Report OK.  I even once got a blue light but no it was not a sign of progress:  Unfortunately Moff has stopped.  Report OK.		In trying to find troubleshooting directions, I have learned much, including the Moff is a rank held by sector governors of the First Galactic Empire.  I bet it works for them.
1,Ordered one of these cases for my iPod. The wrong case(not even close) arrived, clear plastic instead of Black Leather.! Contacted Amazon, returned item and ordered a new, correct case. The tracking info said the New Case was delivered. It was NOT Delivered, Nothing was! I am SO Not Happy, and bummed out. I've been an Amazon Fan for years, and decided to try the "Same Day Delivery" Going on 6 Days now, and No Case. I'm trying to find one on eBay now, BUT will probably just go to the Apple Store. What a Pain! I will Never use Same-Day Delivery again. I use/ buy from Amazon, but am going to re-view and re-think this.
1,The case is chipping all over . I should have listen to the reviews I read . The hello kitty looks great .
1,I have used cheetah mounts many times for my clients installations. I purchased a Cheetah APTMSB for a 32 " TV I was hanging in a wall unit. Today I did the install and was really annoyed with the bracket. First the screws that mount the hanging brackets to the back of the TV had much smaller heads than the holes in the bracket. So it was time to get the washers out of the bag. The washers they supplied had a center hole that was twice the size of the the screw head. So I had to run out to a hardware store, and purchase washers that would fix the problem. Secondly the hanging brackets that adjusted the angle for the TV angle had screws with no nuts at all to lock the TV in position.	So back to the hardware store now for nuts to lock the TV in position. Two hours wasted. By the time I was done I told myself no more cheetah mounts. I suggest buyers go for another brand the quality is going down .
1,This looks so sharp, but it's hard to use.  The receiver messes with my wireless router, which kind of messes up the works entirely.		Granted, my router is too close to the receiver, but I had no choice in placement.  The router is in the front of the house, and the camera is next to the front door.  You do the math.  I got frustrated trying to keep the router and receiver both up and running and not tripping over each other.		Your mileage may vary.  This didn't work out for me.
1,I purchased 4 units.  Headrests are tiny if you have a full size SUV, even tilted all the way forward it will not reach your head for support.  You WILL lose the use of headrest on larger vehicles.  Cable from headrest a little short, barely comes out to the bottom of my big SUV.  TV's will not power back up after you shut off.  Every time my kids get back into car, I have to unplug the cable connection at the bottom to reset the TV.  It never turns on from power button.  I may have defective batch, but I already ran all the wires into seat foams and hid them under panels and carpet so I am not pulling them all out to return.  Touchscreen is not like a tablet.  You basically touch the screen and the control buttons pop up.  Basically virtual buttons vs. using the buttons that are on the bottom of TV or on remote.  Also consider cross signals on headphones and such, these are only made to be installed as a pair in a vehicle.  If you install 3-4 or more, signals will cross.  I contacted Rockville and they confirmed.  Consider all these defects before buying!
1,Broke second week. Poorly made.
1,Not very tight at all, the top part spins, and does not lock very well, if I had the money back I would buy a different set... these kinda suck, but a pro is that you get 5!
1,It wouldn't work with my
1,Mine doesn't work and hasn't worked since I got it. I was so excited to be able to read the old floppy disks, as I have data I must recover from them, and so I can transfer information and throw away the old disks (maybe I shouldn't since CDs and DVDs haven't proven themselves reliable over long periods of time, even the gold CDs).		Now I'll have to order a different model.		Stay away from this one.
1,FOV is to small. A 6x42 binocs beat these any day.  This is equivalent to a 39.99 monoc from Walmart in the toy section.  not impressed at all.
1,junk, no matter what u use it for
1,Horrible doesn't pour well . Makes it sound like you are slurping. I will not order again. Make a better lid
1,I ordered one of these based on the picture and text.  Both say it has a S-Video port.	The card I got has neither!  The part number on this item and the part number on the box are the same.	Also the text indicates that an extra low profile bracket is needed.  Not true.
1,Pros: Keeps my Laptop cool, but at a cost.		Cons:	This is thing is Massive. 2 out of the 4 USB ports does not work well as the others. The back two USB ports do not recognize or disconnect my wireless Dongle. It will do this repeatedly or randomly. Also does the same when I have my iPhone connected. The Fan makes a loud pulsating vibration/Hum during medium to High speeds. The grill also annoyingly Vibrates excessively during Medium to High speeds.		Overall verdict: I would recommend looking for something else.		Update: 10 FEB 2015		I returend the CM SF-19 Unit back to AMAZON and gave CM a second chance. This time I purchased the CM SF-15.	Compared to the CM SF-19, this one is quiet.  There are some draw backs though and the same USB problems as the first Unit with the rear 2 USB's dropping connection, but this one is all of the USB ports. The fan has only 1 Speed ( between Low and medium, compared to the CM SF-19 ) still decent and quiet, LED has one color Red and this unit does not come with a power adapter. I would recommend not wasting your time with CM and look into something that just does cooling, instead of extra USB ports.		BOTTOM LINE: DO NOT BUY Cooler Master. Both Units are Defective.
1,Replacing a defective amp that still works but is very old and scratchy controls but plenty of output. Remove old and replaced with this amp. Almost no output to speakers. Checked all settings and almost no output. Removed item and replaced with old amp and same as before plenty of output but scratchy controls. This item is either defective or simply is built wrong. All I know is I wasted a service call while attempting to save my customer money. I will return and buy a brand name 70 volt amp. I lost money and will not repeat the process.
1,Title is misleading.  Didn't actually "extend" my range, it actually just makes another network leeching off your old one.  Did not help my situation.
1,Shipping took forever.	The spring in the tip seems to be strong enough it keeps pushing out of  the hole.	Getting tired of it.	Don't like the light at night, the face glows.
1,Crappy reception.  Threw this thing away.
1,Bought this device in May, and now starting in October, three of the five ports no longer work.
1,This wire is hard to work with, thick, and fairly inflexible. That's all fine. The real issue is that it is also fragile. I have no doubt it'd be fine for a buried line, but for surface use, expect it to fail quickly.
1,they are ok
1,I purchased this case in blue a few weeks ago for my Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1. Based on all the high reviews, I thought this case was going to be great. Or at least nice and functional. Sitting here now looking back at all of those reviews, I feel like I got scammed or something, I keep thinking this is a spoof! Did everyone get some type of compensation for rating highly?		  I'm so disappointed in the quality and workmanship, for prior to buying this case, it seemed to me that Poetic was a decent brand.		 Up front, my first impression was that the color was pretty. Everything looked and felt super stiff and cheap, but I figured the stiffness was just part of it's being new and would go away with some use. I'm always optimistic and willing to give things a fair trial. I wanted to love this case.		  So I was still pretty excited, until trying to get my tablet into the case, which took about 30 minutes or so of easing and trying to work it in, which eventually turned into forcing and jamming it, which I really didn't like by the way, I felt like the case was going to break my tablet! I finally gave up and had my husband do it. I was even still eager to try it out after that, because I thought to myself, well at least I won't have to worry about my tablet ever falling out.....		  I began inspecting it. It looked nice on the tablet, I liked the pockets and the hand strap, although I don't care for the placement, as I always end up using the pocket to steady the tablet instead.		  Now here's a rundown of all the negatives....		  1) There is really only one position for the tablet to be in, and that's carefully set in landscape on a perfectly flat, unmovable surface, anything else and it'll tip over. Try resting it in your lap, flop, even setting it up on a nice firm pillow won't work.		2) Hopefully you're in the custom of staring at your tablet at eye level as well, as it needs to be propped up high for you to see it, since it simply faces straight ahead, not at any angle for reading or for comfortably using your tablet. This makes it highly non-functional. That is unless you have some apps that work upside down and you are ok with directly blocking the light sensors, forcing you to disable auto brightness. So, that goes to say that they do not accurately portray the angles in the pictures. It really has only ONE position to be placed in.		3) This is actually a big one, and that is that the camera is half covered! Another fabulous misrepresentation in their pictures. I tested the camera out in the case and it just leaves a big blurry block at the top of every picture.		4) No matter how hard I try to reposition the case, the speakers are halfway blocked too, impairing the sound.		5) The whole case squeaks alot with every movement, and no, it doesn't go away. It feels awkward to use it in public. It's like someone walking around in a pair of super squeaky shoes.		6) The magnets! ! Ahh! As some others mentioned,  it certainly does mess with your tablet! I too have noticed "dead zones" all along the edge of the screen. I really hope it will go away after awhile of being away from this case. I've noticed the cursor has gotten really jumpy, jumps all over the page while typing. This too was not there previously.		7) Just plain crappy quality. The stitching is shabby, started coming undone right away. The whole case also bulges outwards, as it never will lay flat against/around the tablet where it's supposed to.		I can't even go on any further, there's just too many bad things to say about it. I can't imagine buying anything from this brand again.		Sigh- just save yourself the frustration and don't get this. I hope Poetic reads their reviews.
1,Makes a stupid beeping noise when using! demanding refund
1,Worked for about 9 months, then the button to switch computers broke. So essentially it's just a USB 2.0 hub now.
1,I actually liked these but the left speaker seemed to cut in and out a lot. Had to return them. I ended up getting the Sentey H10's instead. Sound is comparable and they were $20 cheaper.
1,I downloaded the Microsoft Intellimouse setup software from the Microsoft web site. On another computer, I have the 4500 which allows the wheel to double click. That's why I purchased the 200 from Microsoft and not a Logitech mouse. The software allows for a double click on the wheel. But the mouse DOESN'T DOUBLE CLICK ON THE WHEEL. I could have and should have kept the Logitech mouse. I would have saved money. Of course I can return it, but it isn't worth the trouble.
1,Seem overall to be well made, but too tight, hot, too much bass for me. Lots of clanking noise while handling them. Lost pairing often. Returned them.
1,GARBAGE DONT BUY IT...TRUST ME U WILL REGRET IT...MINE STOP WORKING AFTER A MONTH U CAN HEAR SOUND BUT CANT SEE PICTURE..9 VOLT BATTERY WORKS MAYBE FOR 3 HOURS....JUST GOOD FOR SPYING IN A WELL LIT AREA....WOULDNT PAY NO MORE THAN $20 FOR IT....
1,I've had my TomTom One XL for about 18 months.  When turned off, the battery will drain within 2 days.  Support says that this is normal as the battery must maintain settings.  A really poor excuse.  A PC internal battery will maintain settings for up to 10 years.  On top of the battery draining, the unit will not operate on external power until the battery has a minimal charge and is reset.  This means that you cannot use the unit for about an hour after putting on external power.  Really great technology here.		On top of that, new maps came out about 6 months after I purchased the unit.  Had I purchased the new maps, I would have paid full price.  I was not offered a discount.  I also submitted map corrections over a year ago and these have not appeared.  Really great support here.		I cannot in good conscience recommend this product.  There are too many other good products available.		TomTom, please return your product to Europe.  It doesn't fly here.
1,Interestingly, the earpads are much smaller than I was expecting based on the photo which is good I guess. They seem comfortable, but the sound is so lackluster that I have not bothered wearing them for more than a few minutes.  I would say that the sound quality is better then a telephone speaker, but not by much.  They are adequate for listening to talking, but I would not consider them for music at all.
1,I really wanted to like the Kodak W1020 frame.  What a great way to display my extensive photo collection in my living room, without the trouble of putting photos on a memory card.  Just let them stream from my computer.  Yes, it WOULD be great, IF it actually worked well.		I didn't have any problem connecting to my wireless network.  Unfortunately, the basic features didn't work.  For instance, you can supposedly choose to display pictures in random order; that option didn't work.  Pictures were always displayed 1, 2, 3, 4, etc. from the beginning.		There is a feature to shut the frame off and then turn it back on at specified times.  That works as far as the frame going off and then on.  What doesn't happen is that your pictures don't start rotating through again.  The first picture comes up and stays there until you go and select all the pictures again and start playing them.  Then you're back at the beginning.  So, if you have a lot of pictures, you only see the first group of them every day, over and over.  Of course you can select a sub-folder and see a small portion of them.		The quality of the display pictures was decent, although there is a definite issue with viewing angle.  You want to look at it nearly straight on and not too high or too low.		I couldn't find any use for the software shipped with the frame.  It is as bad as all the other reviewers say it is.		Overall, I decided that this frame was not worth $200 and I returned it.  I'll wait for future improvements by Kodak or another manufacturer.
1,Lens shutter doesn't close or open all the way.  Also, more functions, but not easy to use.
1,If the pictures are of the actual batteries, then they're expired.  It says 2007H on it.  That means that it was made in 2007.  They might last 5 years, so these are bad as soon as you get them.
1,It worked great and very well, but due to the fact it broke so quickly allows me to state how cheaply theses are made, i will tap the cable and my monitor will go black and little to my suprise, the conection of vga was bent
1,everything worked just fine... then after a week or so...	... the little plastic BALL & FASTENER that your phone is supported on cracked!		I would tighten it as much as I possible could and the phone was still not STURDY enough... it would fall over as soon as I let it go!	I didn't bother to return it or post about it due to being lazy and not wanted to deal with it all...	...figured I'd just take the loss.		oh yeah... and once you move those 3 legs to any OTHER position than it came in... you'll NEVER get it back to the way it was!
1,Edit: Update based on real world usage, or rather, attempted usage.  While I was able to log in to both my wired and wireless (WPA2/PSK) networks at home the DIR-510L completely fails when presented with a network with a captured portal, such as the one in the hotel I am sitting in right now.  It had ONE JOB and couldn't even perform that.  I'll be returning this hunk of junk.  I strongly recommend you look at another product for your travel wifi router needs.		-- original review --		So I've only owned this device for.. oh, 5 hours?  But I've been testing it and so far I'm fairly happy (I'll be back to edit if that changes, for sure.)		Edit: 1 day later, the battery died on the DIR-510L.  Turns out it died because the charger was never charging it, the supplied 2A USB charger DOES NOT WORK.  I tried it on the router and multiple other USB Micro products, nothing happens when it's connected.  I'm now charging the DIR-510L from a desktop usb charging hub.		I've tested it directly wired and over 5GHz wireless, both to a 802.11n 5GHz wireless client/laptop.  Speeds are pretty good:		Laptop wired directly to Internet: 308Mbs / 345Mbs	Laptop <5GHz wifi> DIR510L <wired*> Internet: 94Mbs / 95Mbs		Laptop <5GHz wifi> Internet: 146Mbs / 167Mbs	Laptop <5GHz wifi> DIR510L <5GH wifi> Internet: 64Mbs / 58Mbs		When the DIR510L is cabled to my switch (a Cisco 4948) it's reported up at 100Mbs.  This is terribly disappointing, in this day and age Ethernet ports should never be less than 1Gbs, ESPECIALLY when you claim "AC750 dual band performance (300Mbps + 433Mbps)" knowing that your device doesn't *really* have a way of delivering on that speed because it's upstream is throttled at 100Mbs.  The more I think about it, I'm considering returning it because of this.  The port speed wasn't listed anywhere on the Amazon item page and I didn't see it mentioned in any other review, but 2 known/good ports and 2 known/good cables all agree this router has a 100Mbs Ethernet port on it.		The management interface is basic, but, easy to understand.  I like that it has "profiles" for the various different types of Internet connections you may use it with, no need to remember the config options for different settings.  I saw no option to force my own DNS servers, which is a problem that needs to be fixed, but I did find an option to statically assign IPs to devices (based on mac).  You can't manually pre-enter a mac, you must first let it get a random DHCP IP and then click on a button to assign that mac a static IP.  I used a "crazy" (read non-RFC1918 space) IP address/mask/subnet and the DIR-510L accepted it and used it without issue (as it should, although I've used other routers that wouldn't accept a local subnet outside of 192.168/16.)		It's a bit pricy for what it is, and I've yet to see how long it can run on it's battery because mine is still charging (slowly.)  The included usb charger is ugly, but says it's 2A, so there's that.		3/5 - It loses a star because of 100Mbs Ethernet, and another for the cost.		Edit:		2/5 - It loses another star because the supplied USB charger is faulty.
1,I thought this case was going to make my Xbox one s have more space for games i put my 250 GB  it did work for a whole day once I turn off my Xbox the next day it messed up my  hard drive it was not not register my x box one s  I tried a 500gb drive it also became the same the following day I lost 750 GB of games and saves
1,Works some of the time!
1,I used this product a grand total of two times. On the third, it conked out on me and never came back to life. No lights, no charging. Nada. Zilch. Buyer beware.
1,I put this on my 50mm 1.8. It cost me around five bucks. I had been very happy with it until one day I suspected that all the ghosting, glares, and reflections of light sources on some photos might come from this filter. I do an experiment with a light source, a lamp, in the photo. Yes, the refection is in the photo. I can even see the reflection through viewfinder. I then swap it with a HOYA HMC. The refection is gone. The reflection for sure is not there if I don't put any filter on. This filter does protect my lens well. But the whole purpose of the lens is to take quality pictures, not to be cherished behind a glass.		Tiffen filters of different sizes have been Amazon best sellers. Yes, they fit well. The build quality is good. But you will be very sorry when you finally find that it is the cause of the glares, ghosting, and reflections. I believe Tiffen has coated versions. But I didn't try them.		The problem is not on the quality of the filters. They are simply not coated. But if I have to be mindful about what it might harm my photos when I take them in certain situations, I cannot use them.		I know B+W has good filters, but they are expensive. I have been having good luck with HOYA HMC. It is around twenty dollar range. Very affordable. So my suggestion is dump this filter and go with that one.
1,I don't like it was a wase of money to slow,I have to press the keys to hard and to many of time like I said is is a rabary2
1,Total joke. I guess if you lived right on top of a broadcasting tower it might pick up a signal. I tried it at a state park in my RV and did not get a signal so I then tried it on a TV at home ( and I live in a close into town suburb )  and it didn't work there either.
1,Poor quality control. Three of the five disks I made failed.
1,I got these in hope It would give me a good fit to my jawbone 2, but they did not work for me. I think they even made it less of a fit.
1,wire broken inside connection.....cannot fix....
1,I should have known better, but at around ten bucks, I thought it would be worth a shot.  Imagine how many people think like that, send their money off only to receive this 50 piece of junk.  As P.T. Barnum said, "There's a sucker born every minute" and they profited from my minute.		The internal "padding" peeled right off and no matter how hard I tightened it down, the lens would still spin and wobble.  Besides the fact it would not grip the lens, I wouldn't want to trust my lens to it for any reason.		It's flimsy, cheap plastic.  Save your money (as well as your lens).
1,Have two of these. Radio stations do not come in well. Otherwise its just an ok stereo for the price.
1,Audio is poor, i.e., very little bass, and the overall sound is not round. This is the sound quality you'd expect from 5-buck corded headphones.		They look and feel cheap, and the fit is a little loose and awkward -- but once you snug them behind your head, they are pretty snug. The downside is the cord snug on the back of my neck is a little annoying, but you forget soon. Almost. They never seem invisible on your head.		Charging and pairing was easy. The controls end up behind your right ear -- i.e. you reach back to touch them. So it requires a little fiddling, especially if you are in motion/running, but luckily you don't need to use controls a lot. In practice, you might rip them out of your ear if you need to talk to someone or hear your surroundings.
1,I bought two of these YN560 flashes. With one, the zooming function wouldn't work. I had to take the unit apart, move the screw and it worked again. The other worked fine until I put them to work on an actual job. Total disaster! After 10 shots, it makes a weird squelching sound, won't trigger, and powers down after a few seconds. The client is looking at me like, "is it suppose to do that??" Of course, I act like everything is ok..it flashed, that's all I cared about, until it STOPPED TRIGGERING! So I go to the flash, twiddle some knobs (because it was already in Sync mode, and the speaker was supposed to be off) and after one flash,"BEEP-BEEP-BEEP-BEEP-BEEP" it powered down on me.  I turn it back on, compose my shot, and "BEEP-BEEP-BEEP-BEEP-BEEP"...it powers down again.  I turn it back on, and again, "BEEP-BEEP-BEEP-BEEP-BEEP" it powers down. I turn it on again...it powers down.  I replace the batteries, and "BEEP-BEEP-BEEP-BEEP-BEEP" it powers down. WTF??? This happens at the lowest or the highest power setting at Manual, S1, or S2 modes.  I bought 2 flashes...had problems with both. Yongnuo should change their name to "You.neva.nuo!"	If you can buy this flash locally..not online, but actually drive to the store, then take the gamble. KEEP YOUR RECEIPT! If you are buying these used, just know there is a reason why they are up for sale. I paid $100 for both of these, and would have enjoyed the money better if I burned it..at worst, I'd see some light from the fire!	Feature wise, these flashes have all the features to make a budding Strobist happy and moist, but there is a reason they are selling for so cheap! Skip this brand all together and go with what it tried and trusted.  For a similar price, you'd be much better off with a Vivitar 285hv and a Wein slave.
1,these are the second pair of this headset that I have bought thru Amazon.  I use them for listening while running.  I'd give them a better review but for quality/longevity.  The first failed after a year probably due to water (sweat) getting into the  mic/volume/track control.  A year of hard use for the price struck me as reasonable.  Bought a second pair in August; these failed (at a marathon) in November.  Failure after three momths does not strike me as worth it.  The headphones still work sort of but the control (play/pause etc) has failed.  These were not used much.  I'll now try to return under the warranty and update my review depending on what happens.
1,Overall, it does its job. I wish it was a bit smaller(see picture as comparison to a standard 2.5" external drive), but at least it has a built in USB cable. Build quality seems ok, but not great. The drive I put in doesn't fit as snug as I'd like it to, and moves around when handling the enclosure.		Update a couple weeks later...		Enclosure completely failed. cant read or write files to any drive i put in it after it is plugged in for more than a couple of minutes. Out of the 5 external 2.5" drives I have...this is the only one to give me any sort of grief.		Changed my overly nice 4 star review to 1 star.
1,Died after only 4 days.  Amazon Customer service took care of me as usual!
1,Did not fit my motherboard which is specifically Intel i7 like this specified it would work with.
1,After updating ASUS Bios , ASUS PCe adapterr working half speed and no driver available	sucks that ASUS dosent work with ASUS
1,You can tell what a piece of garbage this thing is the moment you hold it - it's lighter than air. It doesn't even feel like it's made out of any kind of metal. This is liable to break off inside of a jack while plugged into your component thereby either breaking it permanently or requiring a difficult repair or replacement. Don't take the risk. This thing will also not properly fit the 3.5 mm plug so you'll get lots of shorted connections.
1,I bought this app direct from Garmin on their web site.  This watch is pretty disappointing.  In summary, setup is confusing, adjustments are non-intuitive, instructions (online and the manual) are awful and mostly promotional in nature, and the screen and font size is quite small and dim.		Why I purchased this watch:  I am an active runner (training for 1/2 marathon) and a cyclist.  I am also interested in fitness watch that can be worn daily (as opposed to a typical GPS watch that is not really a daily watch), and I was intrigues with smart features.		My requirements:	1.  Large face with readable data	2.  Built in GPS - I do not want to carry a phone and a watch to go for a run (apple watch fails on this one)	3.  Smart, connected watch features	4.  Decent looking (none of the smart watches look great)		Other watches that I compared:  Mainly the Fitbit Surge because it is one of the only smart fitness watches with built in GPS.  I also considered the Timex but it was pretty ugly.  I settled on the Garmin Vivoactive because reviews of the Fitbit surge on Amazon are almost uniformly negative, especially with respect to the most important issue which is being able to accurately measure heart rate and distance.  That is an essential feature for me.		Positives for Vivoactive:	1.  Lightweight	2.  Not "terrible" looking - but not very nice looking either -- but a good enough balance considering the features required	3.  GPS locks in immediately		Negatives:	1.  Screen size is far smaller than anything that you are seeing online -- it is a tiny little screen with little room for letters and numbers	2.  Screen is dim - yes it is great in outdoor lighting which is fine for sports use, but for the rest of the time it is extremely dim and in some lighting scenarios unreadable without putting on the manual backlight.	3.  Watch is pretty ugly - Garmin went to trouble to take up about 25% of the face with its own logo - makes watch uglier and also lose valuable screen space for useful data	4.  Manual is useless - mainly promotional material and links to web site	5.  Ironically, online set up for Garmin Connect is not structured for use on a smart phone.  So when you go to set up the account from your smartphone you are redirected to the web browser on your phone -- the Garmin site is not optimized for mobile so navigation from your phone to get setup is a pain.	6.  The Garmin Connect App is awful.  It is buggy, non-intuitive -- really terrible.  You don't have to believe me.  Before you purchase this watch remember that as a connected device it is only as good as the app that connects it -- be sure to read the reviews in Playstore and IOS Appstore.  The IOS app store rating for Garmin Connect is a 1 out of 5.  The watch can't be much better if the software stinks.	7.  Setup, adjustments and access to features is arduous and confusing.  I've owned lots of tech and I'm very comfortable playing around with stuff.  But honestly, I've backed Kickstarter projects that put out better software than Garmin did for the Vivoactive.	8.  Proprietary charger.  This one is really confusing because Garmin has rejected USB, but also does not use the same charging system on any of its watches (I have 3 Garmins and they all use different chargers) -- that means three proprietary plugs that I need to keep track of.		Detailed review:		Unboxed the watch which is super light.  It's really incredible how light it is for what it does.  I was surprised.  I also really liked the band which is replaceable.  Super comfortable to put on.  It comes fully charged.  The charger itself is proprietary, which Garmin has done for all of its watches.  It's really inexplicable how Garmin has rejected USB standards, but also rejected any standard for its own watches.  I own another Garmin GPS watch, and also a Garmin Approach (golf) and now the Vivoactive -- none of them can be used with the other.  Each has its own proprietary charging system.  I can almost understand not going with a USB charger because of waterproofing issues, but the to not establish a standard across the brand is mind boggling.		The first thing that struck me when I looked at the screen was how small and dim it was.  If you are reading this, you have seen the Garmin promotional videos or visited their web site or even read some of the third party reviews (which to me read as sponsored because they are so glowing).  But when you look at the watch indoors for the first time, you will see that the active screen size is slightly larger than a postage stamp.  The watch itself is big, but most of the face is taken up with dead borders and a giant Garmin logo.  I could actually live with this small face if the font sizes were adjustable within, but they aren't.  More about that later.		The second thing that  you will notice is how dim the screen is.  The main screen is black background with white letters/numbers.  There is no way to brighten it except but pressing a backlight button that only lasts a few seconds.  Indoors and with older eyes (40 years or older), you will have trouble reading the screen.  Pixel density is extremely low.  Lower than the Pebble and lower than probably any other device you own, including any other running or cycling watch.  It's a big surprise how bad the screen is on this watch given how important screen resolution and adjustments are for smart devices.  In bright light it is great -- but as a daily watch for use indoors, it is unacceptably small and dim.		I'm confused as to why Garmin made the icons for activities in color.  There is virtually no value to this.  Again, the screen so dim, the colors are washed out.  The color adds nothing to readability.  And there is no color on the main watch screen or fitness data screens anyway, only for the single screen that launches the activity icons.  That's it.  The color is really just a marketing gimmick.  You should not consider this to be a "color" watch.  It's black and white for 90%+ of the screens available.		To set the watch up, I followed the on screen instructions on the watch which were pretty basic but essentially just guide you to download and sync the watch with the Garmin Connect App.  I did that.  Then the app attempts to register you or log you in to your Garmin account.  But it cannot make any modifications to your account (in my case i needed to fill in a missing screen name) without going to the garmin connect web site.  So it leaves the app, sends you to your phone's browser which takes you to the garmin connect web site.  The Garmin Connect Web site is not optimized for use with mobile browsers.  This is in spite of the fact that the phone must be set up through a mobile app, and the mobile app is what is sending you to the web site to complete the set up.  Setup can be completed but it's ugly.  To summarize - merely setting up the phone requires you to fill out set up information on the watch, on the app and on a mobile web site (which is not optimized for mobile).  There must be an easier way to do this right?		Customization is really painful and what makes the watch such a terrible disappointment.  You see in the photos of this watch all of the activities that it can track.  If you want to add or delete one (are you a swimmer?  I'm not) you would think that you could just dig into the menus on the watch and just delete it right?  Ok, you can't change any of the activities on the watch, but you can probably do it in the Garmin Connect App right?  No.  You can't do it there either.  In fact, there isn't even a link or an explanation of how to add or remove a single function on the watch within the watch or the app.  The Garmin Connect app is merely a bridge between your phone, the watch and the Garmin web site.  It has very little independent functionality.  The only way to change what fitness apps you have on the phone is to go to the web site.  If you really want to adjust anything, the app just sends you to the web site.  Of course that's a pain but would be ok if it wasn't for the fact that - THE SITE IS NOT OPTIMIZED FOR MOBILE BROWSERS!		So three separate devices needed to make rather simple adjustments to the watch (watch, phone and web site).		Other basic items are completely absent on all three systems (watch, phone and web site).  Here's a list of things that you can't change:		1.  Size of numbers or fields for data screens (like if you run and you are most interested in seeing PACE in large numbers and the other items like TIME and DISTANCE in smaller numbers - you can't do this)	2.  Which notifications to receive.  Just because I want to receive ESPN notifications on my phone doesn't mean I want them on this watch - but I might want text messages on the watch.  Unfortunately no way to toggle which notifications you receive.  Anything going to the phone is going to your wrist.  That said, while I get every update that Google or ESPN pushes to me -- for some reason text messages don't come through.  No clue.	3.  The music control app works for whatever the system music app is for your phone (Music on iPhone for instance), but if you want to use Pandora or Spotify, the watch is useless.		I have just found that customizing the watch is really complicated.  I am so surprised to read all of these glowing reviews when even the most basic non smart watches historically have let you customized activity screens so that certain data feeds were larger than other etc.  There's really not customization just a lot of feature bloat.  One really disappointing aspect of the running portion of the watch is that with the tiny screen, there's a lot of blank space.  Why not make the numbers a little larger on that tiny screen?  After all, I'm running, my head and arm are moving -- why is there not ability to change this screen other than alter what data it shows?		 I thought that maybe one of the apps for Garmin might solve this problem so I tried downloading some new watch faces.  The watch surprisingly only comes with one watch face that does not even display battery life (huh?).  Can you download watches from the watch?  Nope.  Probably from the garmin Connect app right?  Nope.  Ok, we're back to the web site to download the app.  Six tries to download a new watch face and I get connection failed notifications.  Why?  Don't know - no explanation.  Watch is connected.  In fact, the app then even shows that I've got the watch face on the phone, but it will tell me that it has not downloaded to the watch.  Why?  Don't know.  Help?  Nope.  In the end, after several restarts of the app and disconnection and reconnection of the bluetooth and the watch the watch faces appear.  Terrific.  Do they allow adjustment of the data fields for running?  Nope.  Just changes the basic time screen.  There is zero customization of the data fields for activities other than the data fields themselves.		Listen, I realize they are packing a ton of functionality into a small device.  It's not going to be perfect.  But it's got to work, and they've got to show that they had real people using this while they were designing it.  It doesn't show.  It's really great marketing on functionality but it's kind of garbage.  It doesn't do anything particularly well as it tries to do so many complicated tasks.  It will take years before Garmin could revise this watch to take into account all of the issues I note above.  I'm going to try it for a few more weeks and see if it becomes more useful, but as of now it is an enormous disappointment.  I will say that for the money, if it did what they promised it would be a steal.  But given the issues above I think I'd be better off with a really good large screen running GPS watch.		The Vivoactive is a classic case of a company trying to get something out to deal with Apple disruption and failing in almost every way (except built in GPS which is awesome).		I'm honestly confused who wrote all of the other reviews on Amazon for this device.  There is no way that I can be the only one with the issues described above.  Please do not purchase without reading the appstore reviews for the Garmin Connect app either because that app is the basis for this watch's capabilities.		Quick Update -		I just want to reiterate that this review was written based on what I believe would be a typical setup - via the watch and a smartphone.  Once I got to a desktop and was able to log in, the garmin site contained some additional setup information that helped me including some short (one minute videos).  I'm not going to change my review based on this because even this basic setup information is just that - basic.  But it would be useful to a consumer to setup the watch via the web site rather than doing it on a phone.  There is also a full blown pdf with instructions that are very helpful.  That said, the web site and phone still do not do a great job of allowing customization and for that it requires a combination of playing around with the watch, the app and the web site to see exactly what you can customize and what you can't.  In the end, the form factor remains a letdown because the screen is so dim indoors and data fields for activities are so small.  It would be great if Garmin provided options to make some data fields larger.
1,I originally bought a set of these, and it worked fantastic.  I purchased this set to supplement what I have.  I don't know what the issue is, but they have been nothing but trouble.
1,Dead on arrival.
1,Bought mine in 2014 and now it's dropping out several times a day like a lot of others  reviewed here.
1,To bad Amazon does not allow zero stars because that is what Samsung deserves, will never buy another of their products after the problems with this and our other set. Power board died, speakers replaced three times on this , techs have no knowledge of product and it breaks every 6 months. Now that extended warranty is over it does not matter anyway as they have no parts available.
1,I have been a firm supporter of the Zune until today. I cannot embrace this product no matter how much I try. Moreover, I see no benefit of spending $299 for a mere mp3 player. So, I returned it and fired up the 120gb zune - that did just fine and purchased a Ipod touch 32gb 3rd gen We'll see how that goes, considering there at least apps to download to curve the buyer's remorse.
1,I<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Flip-Video-Ultra-Series-Camcorder-60-Minutes-Pink/dp/B000V1PXMS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Flip Video Ultra Series Camcorder, 60 Minutes (Pink)</a>&nbsp;I have never been able to download onto a disc for a movie since I got it 6 months ago.  My cat I loved, died and his last days are on the thing and I can not get it downloaded even after I bought Video Lab 10.	Waste of your money!
1,Do not buy!  Terrible Windows 10 support.  I used to love these adapters until a recent driver update.  7.9 M3.  Cannot play Netflix on any display that is connected to a Plugable device.  Also, if I lock my computer, the displays will not come back on when I try to use it.  I have to reset the PC in order to use.  I have been in contact with support since December 14, 2015.  Two new driver updates have been released since and has not fixed one of my issues.  I've been told I am not a priority (not being able to lock my PC is a major security flaw SHOULD be a major priority).  Well, after 2 1/2 months of no fixes, I am done with your products.
1,Cheaply made, one ear stopped working, and the paint on the earphones chips easily. They also come out of the ears easily, they worked for about 2 months. I wanted a pair of beats but I didn't want to pay full retail. I guess it's true what they say, you get what you pay for.
1,DOA.  Cable arrived and I switched over from an HDMI to DVI connector that ran fine, but I'm building up my home office with dual displays and my desktop allows HDMI and mini-DP output for true dual display configs.  The mini-DP jack is tight, doesn't seem to fit very well.  The cable doesn't work, computer won't see it, monitor doesn't see it.  DP Port works on my computer as I was able to test it on my 2nd monitor using a mini-DP to full-DP cable - came right up windows detected it, etc.		Going back!
1,Yes it records at 1080p 60fps. But! the picture quality is VERY BAD, even taking still screenshot you'll get a lot of noise.
1,The top of the case is too heavy and will cause the screen to fall backwards. Cannot use it.
1,hard to see thru and hard to focus had to return this one
1,If you have seen my previous review..I've made a mistake..don't know how but I decided today..5/11/15 to try it again..my apologies to the seller.  It absolutly works. I couldn't get it to fit, not today! Snapped right in and I have digital signal on both devices.  The price is right and I feel very bad as the seller virtually begged me to replace it.  It it's plastic, may feel cheap but it WORKS! MY DEEPEST APOLOGIES TO THE SELLER!
1,Decent sound. Not worth the money. Remote broke in under a year. Warranty is bloody impossible
1,Dropped my iPad with this case on and the screen shattered....NOT good for protection.
1,Dont waste your money.  Even worse reception than what it had.  And the glue inside it melted out and ran down the pillar in the car.
1,My son loved these, the sound was great and he loved the MP3 feature BUT....I got these to replace another set of Bluedio headphones that broke. The first pair broke at the bend where they fold after about 6 months and the second pair broke before 3 months. Luckily I bought a Square Trade warranty with both of them and took the money and got a cheap pair of cans on e-bay that lasted twice as long for 1/4 the cost and still had the MP3 feature.
1,Didn't work.
1,Sucks! Don't waste you money
1,I ordered this from Amazon as the seller because a user by the name of Pressure-Pot posted an image and stated he/she received the battery sold by Amazon and it is manufactured by BYD. BYD is the manufacturer of the batteries that are in my Uniden phones. When I received the battery from Amazon, I was disappointed to find the label stated manufactured by GPI, a lower quality third party manufacturer. So off to Amazon it goes back. I just want to let others know too in case they are looking for one made by BYD, don't go by the image. Amazon may have changed suppliers for the batteries.		Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help.
1,Well... I can only summarize that the people that left good reviews for this card have ZERO experience in the recording industry.	In 40 years of sound engineering I have learned a couple things... First, and foremost is, people equate loud with quality. Boom, Boom, Boom is not quality. It is BOOM!	Muddy noise is exactly that. Muddy noise.	Now to be fair, I purchased this card to replace the Asrock 970,s on-board Realtech audio outputs on my daughters computer. What a mistake...	The included driver CD is from the early 1790,s or maybe the early 1980,s... I'm not sure. It,s old.	When you attempt to uninstall it? Best to you partner. Expect an hour of aggravation.	When you DO get the updated driver installed... WORSE!!!	The effort involved in adding this card to a PC is (alone) not worth the money spent. Don't get me started on Asrock-s help. I can't post their response but I can say that after they told me to "re-install the "new" driver... They left me hanging. No further replies from them...		In summary:	Read the rest of my product reviews. NOT ONE of them is describing a bad or poorly designed product. I do my research, and buy quality.	This card is NOT quality. I purchased it on my son in laws behalf.	I love him but hate this card.		Buy an external DAC if you want/need better sound. Don,t trust the Boom, Boom generation.		What do they know anyway... what WE taught them? naw!!!
1,Really wanted this to work for my phone.....my sister has one so I thought i would get one too...I followed the simple instructions on pulling out the micro usb connector for the phone but it would not stay in the slot. Kept pushing back in. Oh well.
1,Text from laptop HDMI connection is unreadable.
1,Here it is 6 months later and it is cutting out on me already. This is a HUGE object. It takes up a lot of room. The ball is huge. It is a sad follow up to an Optical trackball. The buttons are LOUD when clicked. The scroll button is about the only thing I like on it. I would not buy another and wish I could give this one back.		  I know how to clean my equipment so that is not the issue. I think it is just inferior.
1,Poor quality. Flimsy plastic.  Didn't suppourt the weight of the iPad. Poor fit. Spend a few dollars more for a quality case.
1,I bought this modem to upgrade, as my other modem is about 2.5 yrs. old. Had this unit for maybe a month or so and it just stopped working.  When it was working no issues, however, no real gain in speed noted.  Would have given it 4-5 stars if it were still working, but it's not. Reinstalled older modem and it came right up and in service presently.		Should note that the seller/Amazon took it right back and provided a quick refund.  Excellent customer support with easy return!
1,Love the design, but it may be the fatal flaw. The 2, W, S, and X keys work ~20% of the time.
1,Noise-canceling is only minimal and there was a perceptible hiss in the background everytime you turned on the noise-canceling feature. I would most definitely not recommend these headphones.
1,Defective from the box and this is not the first one to die on me. The original ones work great but when Energizer went digital with a recharger it went down hill. Not too good!
1,I only received one OTG cable, NOT A PACK OF THREE AS LISTED!!!
1,poor quality don`t know who would need this level of speaker in any situation other than maybe a comemrcial kictehn or backroom where price is more impt than quality. Sent back
1,Don't waste your time and money on this splitter unless you have a really good amplifier behind it to "double" the power output (which I doubt).  The purpose of any splitter is to "split" the input signal into 2 output signals therefore, the power output of each leg will be in "Half".  This is NOT enough to power two of your devices at the same time, period!  Search the internet to buy an "Amplifier/Splitter" instead, then you can operate two devices at the same time with no problem, but NOT with this device.....don't waste your money on this!
1,Out of the first 17 DVD's only 6 worked properly. The first 3 burned fine then the next 14 didn't.
1,Bought it, worked for about a month, then the one that is powered by the USB died. Now I need to buy a replacement power supply for that adapter which costs 8 bucks?! Seems like they're in the business of selling you s*** you'll have to replace.. I don't recommend this specific product...
1,Now, I must add, after installing this onto my Dell laptop, my system has been hacked -- twice and my security system and software programs totally wiped out.. so I am very doubtful that any novice or standard user ... well, I am extremely suspicious, unless you are technically astute, should try this product.
1,These only work for 2 weeks at my house.  Idk why
1,I recently purchased this headset because I bought the Panasonic phones and the reviews said this was the way to go.  I tried it and didn't like it so I set it aside and waited a few weeks.  Then I tried it again.  I have adjusted the handset volume and tried calling several different people, some with land lines and others with cell phones, but the audio quality just isn't there.  Everything sounds kind of muffled and it makes conversations difficult to understand.  For the record, I do not have a land line and only use the Link to Cell feature on these Panasonic phones.  Maybe this one just doesn't work well with the Panasonic KX-TG7643M, but my 3 year old unknown brand ear bud sure does.  I even tried this headset on my Samsung Convoy cell phone and it didn't sound good there either, but again the 3 year old ear bud seems to work just fine.  The only problem is the cord is starting to show copper near the connection end on my 3 year old ear bud so I fear it will fail soon.  For what I paid for this Panasonic headset I just can't justify trying to send it back.  Oh well, back to the drawing board!
1,My router failed after 1 year. It was then replaced by Netgear with another lemon (after hours of "home-tests" and dealing with several incompitent, rude, English-language impaired service reps). After the replacement failed within 1 month, I was no longer eligible to recieve anymore help from Netgear. I got the run around treatment (they refused to transfer me to a manager or even listen to my complaints) and unless you pay $35-$50 for another warranty, they will just cover their ears and say, "La-la-la-la-la--." Don't bother with this scrapmetal. I recommend D-Link products.
1,Died after one day's use. Won't recognize charger or charge battery.
1,Seems to have failed in only 4 months, not very impressive.	will go down to 1 star if they don't offer cross shipping on replacement... that is... if they ever reply to the support ticket.
1,Ordered 2 batteries for my 2 Dell inspiron 1525 pc's. They arrived quickly and were fully charged. After they were installed and machine plugged in to charge , message showed  "' Plugged in not charging "  Percent of charge did not change and as machine was used on battery charge kept going down. When it went to 0% mach would not turn on unless charger was plugged in.  Both battery's are useless.
1,Only worked with one plugged in at a time
1,When it works, it works flawlessly.  When it doesn't... well, let's say it isn't very pretty.  Rebooting with the card reader plugged into the USB port on a Win2000 box will consistently lead to a Blue Screen of death.  Reader has to be plugged in AFTER Windows boots which is a drag.  Not bad overall, but there has to be better out there.
1,would cut out one source quite often
1,I have a CF card reader attached to an eSATA port. I wanted to see if this would work on the SD cards to speed up the transfer time a bit. This adapter was not recognized at all. Nothing. Nada.		So, I figured maybe not all is lost if I could use this in my camera (D700). Well, it doesn't even fit into the slot.		Overall, don't bother with this one.
1,Just try to get help from the manufacturer! If the software on this drive gets corrupted you might as well throw it away. You will loose all of your data!!! Why can't you just go to their support page and get a fix? You have to register for god knows what freaky reason. Then send them an e-mail then wait until you just give up because the will never return your E-mail.
1,Spend the money on a better keyboard and case.  Bought this for a Dell Venue 8.  Case claims it can fit 8 inch tablets, which is correct in a fashion...it fits, but my 8 inch tablet is too small and the upper catch doesn't even come close to touching the Dell. so its not locked in.  The keyboard is a USB keyboard with standard USB plug as shown, so you will most likely need to buy an adapter as well (in my case a micro USB).  This creates another problem as the USB plug and adapter won't fit on the bottom as it is too near the bend and lower tablet holder, so you need to stretch the cable behind the tablet and make sure the tablet's USB port is facing up.  The keyboard itself is small, as expected, and that's mostly fine.  Space bar only works if you click on the far left side of it, clicking in the middle or right side does nothing.  That's a deal breaker.  A couple other keys also work strangely.  The stylist does not work with modern tablets.  You need a different type of stylus.  On the flipside, this is probably fine for a kid to play with.  For business use this would not work for me.
1,The sound is good, and the fit is good. But, when I go running the earbuds pop every time my foot hits the ground (very annoying). I had to rig the cord so there is no tension or bounce on it and doesn't pull when I run. The popping sound in the ears is very frustrating and distracting. I would recommend a different product.
1,Nothing really wrong with this strap, but I still don't like it.  The build quality is nice but I had a very hard time getting the strap tight enough to where it felt secure, and when it did feel secure, it was so restrictive that I needed to loosen the strap so I could change the settings on my camera.  So overall considering it's a very cheap strap but built well, it's not a bad deal.  Unfortunately I don't think I'll ever use it again.
1,EDIT: Since writing my initial review, the unit has failed. First, the battery, charged with an Apple-branded iPad charger, would not hold enough charge to operate for more than 3 minutes.		Most importantly, I'm concerned that it might pose a fire hazard. After it died in the shower this morning after only about 3 minutes, I plugged it back in for another 30 minutes, after which the charge LED went out. I powered it up and it only played audio from my iPhone for 15 seconds before it went offline.		Here's where the fun began. I gave up on this thing, set it aside and went to eat my breakfast. From the kitchen, I heard the low, high "BEEP BEEP" of it powering up over and over until I went to investigate.		Without any intervention on my part, it kept power cycling itself. I pressed the power button, which I noticed felt normal, and it stopped. I left the room to finish my breakfast and soon heard a rhythmic "POP POP POP POP POP" coming from the unit.		Something is very, very wrong with it and I'm now concerned that it may pose a hazard to my home.		The frustrating thing is that I have been very careful with this thing. It has not been subjected to water (spray or immersion) or impact damage of any kind. My old unit was fell down, got hosed and kept on working. I looked at this funny and it died. Either the internal build quality is terrible or I've finally developed that telekinetic power that I've always wanted.		For the record, I don't consider this a condemnation of the entire product run, but mine is certainly bad news. I'd be hesitant to buy another with this set of internals. If only I could find one with the old chipset. :(		ORIGINAL REVIEW:	This was a replacement for a visually identical unit that mysteriously failed during a shower one morning. Unlike the $25 unit that I purchased before, the chipset lacks certain features.		Specifically, it does not beep when powered off, the voice control function (Siri or Google Now) doesn't work correctly and it doesn't indicate when the battery is low- instead, it just dies. Also, when it is turned off, it doesn't provide any indication to the connected device that it is offline (no disconnect signal), which is slightly annoying. That is, of course, if you can get it to stay connected to your phone/similar. Both my OnePlus One and iPhone 6 fail to maintain connectivity over a distance of about 2 meters.		If I had to purchase a replacement today, I would track down the old model that I purchased before, as the chipset was far superior.
1,Found out the hard way that Time Warner puts broadcast flags on ALL of their channels, meaning that you can ONLY record shows with Windows Media Center, and you cannot convert them into another format. The software that shipped with the product would not load in any of my drives - in fact, I had to take my blu-ray burner apart to get the disc out (the emergancy tray release wouldn't even work - cheap manufactoring on the disc?). The latest Official software on the site had an issue where it would only detect 5 channels - I had to upgrade to beta software and firmware to get it to scan all my channels. Then the device itself had a faulty USB port and woudln't communicate with any of my cable resolvers (went through three before I determined it was the device that was faulty, not the cable resolvers).		Great idea, but this device seems to be plaugued by poor drivers and firmware, shotty quality, and then I found out that I can't even use the thing with my provider because of the broadcast flags. Do yourself a favor - if you are just trying to get shows in HD to your computer to archive, get a Component HD capture card.
1,I really like the idea of getting rid of all the small usb power bricks.  The first problem I had was that the head popped off of the ground screw as I tightened the screw in place.  Had to salvage one from an older outlet.  Then next issue was that the right side usb outlet is a little flaky.  I plugged the phone in and confirmed that it was charging.  Went to sleep and thankfully my internal clock was working because the phone alarm wasn't.  The phone had not moved but somehow the right side usb outlet was not working and the phone battery did not charge.  Checked and found that the door switch was not reliable at all.  The left side usb outlet did function better.  I bought it to get 2 regular outlets and 2 usb outlets.  Looks like I'm one usb outlet below expectations.  I don't recommend this outlet.  I will be replacing it with a different outlet.
1,First one I attached to a C-Stand kept sliding down and if the Pocket Wizard get bumped a bit the little cheap plastic Caddy breaks.
1,I bought this motherboard and i fought with it to try and make it work for over a month exhausting all options that could be the cause of the problem, but with the assistance of a few friends found the board to just be defective. So I emailed this seller and they told me "If you wish to return you can do so via the Amazon order details page." So i did that and they denied my return. HMM...interesting lie they told me. Everyone who reads this do yourself a favor do not do business with these liars and there defective products
1,Measurement off ...larger than stated, so doesn't fit as snug as I would have liked... Good quality product...Great color	Wish it fit better, oh well
1,I had a similar experience as other buyers with these connectors. The male F connector portion of the adapter came apart during installation rendering the connector worthless. Of the 5 I bought, 3 came apart. Normally, I've had great luck when buying Cable Matters products, but not this time.  The attached photos illustrate a broken Cable Matters right angle connector and a comparison of the Cable Matters connector (farthest from ruler) and the MediaBridge connector (nearest to ruler).  Notice that the square body of the MediaBridge is larger and more solid than the Cable Matters connector.
1,Didn't last a year and can't be returned after 30 days
1,Holy cow this thing is heavy. One assumes that a bluetooth keyboard for mobile devices has some sort of upper limit on weight, well they totally threw that upper limit out the window. I bought this to go with a surface pro 3 and this keyboard is a good deal heavier THAN MY WHOLE LAPTOP. All I can think is the weight is to offset putting something like an ipad air in it. ANd its not the batteries, there are only two AAA batteries, they must have put lead in the thing.
1,Purchased three of these for myself and my two younger sisters (we all love playing music really loud).  After getting mine home, turned it on enjoyed it for 1 whole day, and then BAM.... nothing. Has not played a sound every since.  Called my sister she said oh I haven't opened mine yet. She opens her plays perfectly fine. So we assumed it was just mine with issues.  Next day my sister calls me and says guess what.... my speaker just all of a sudden stopped playing music, or all sounds for that matter.  We call our youngest sister she says oh I haven't opened mine yet.  Well I intended to follow up with her to check back a couple days later.  I finally remember to ask her if it work probably a month after the fact, she says "yeah I turned it on and it was great, but after 1 day it never played music again."	3 devices, $20 EACH... all stopped working after 1 day of use...................... 3 strikes and your out.  This product is ridiculous AND i DON'T RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1,I had a feeling they would pull this on me. I ordered this simply because it was a stand-up router with an antenna, but instead they send a flat one that will not work correctly with Hughes Net Satellite Internet. Awful! It may work right with Cable or DSL but not sure about because I live in the Country, to far from anything as lovely as them.
1,returned it. wasn't what I wanted.
1,Waste of money. It is staying on my desk. Never felt it does anything.
1,Does hot charge my phone while connected to HDMI.
1,Fits loosely on tablet. The corners are okay, but the sides are not secure enough. This is more like what you'd find under a dual-layer protective case. I don't recommend.
1,This has a lot of potential but is very troublesome. First of all the instructions are horrible and you pretty much have to learn how to work it from trial and error. Second of all, this acts as an external wireless card used to connect to the internet and will delete your current internal wireless cards driver so it no longer works! Every single time I use this thing I have to system restore my laptops. I have tried this card on Windows 7, Vista, and Windows 98 and have all experienced the same problem. Forget this and save your money!
1,That pretty much summarizes my two complaints about this item.		1. The keys are so small - I wasn't expecting a full size keyboard, but I really can't type on this whatsoever without making multiple mistakes. I think this might be a spacing thing as well. I can type using my thumbs on a cell phone keyboard, and can type on the iPad screen very easily. I just kept making mistake after mistake. I gave it the good old college try, thinking that perhaps I had a learning curve, but after 2 days of solid use, I was still making the same mistakes.		2. I hate how it doesn't click to the iPad! There are two slots on the top of the keyboard, and you balance it in one of the slots. It doesn't feel secure in anyway when you're just sitting at a desk, but during a train commute? Forget about it! One good bump, and it would fall right out. Also, many of us have to pick up our iPad or laptop on the fly and run into another room quickly (think parents!), and this does not connect to the iPad. A definite drawback for me!		It does have good battery life, although I didn't get the micro-usb cable that should have been included to charge it, but I had one hanging around that I used. It charged quickly and was easy to connect by Bluetooth. I just couldn't overcome those two big drawbacks.
1,This is a waste of your money. It's cool that you can play music from your phone and the sound isn't bad, it's clean, but it's not at all impressive (and I have the SUB in addition to the Playbar and two of the Sonos1 speakers).  You can get a much better home theater system for a lot less money.  Plus, with Sonos, when it randomly stops working ("player cannot be found"), you get to spend an hour on hold with their call center (that has VERY limited business hours, only 6 days a week during the middle of the day) before you give up, and you can try to navigate through the myriad of self-service "help" on their site, send an email to them and wait more than a day for a response.  Maybe the system will come back up for you, if you're lucky they'll help you through an endless email volley, and it'll work uninterrupted that is until the next time your "player cannot be found."
1,Looks nice from its ad pictures, but a really mediocre quality feeling when I receive it. I found the shell of the laptop is uneven when I put on my desk. I think if I had another chance to choose, I would choose SONY for a better quality and an even better outlook design
1,Received this as a gift for Christmas. Great concept. Unfortunately it is built like crap. Out of the box, after trying a handful of things (i.e. position of darts, angle, etc.) it still only shoots a whimpering 2 feet or so. Useless.
1,Straight out the box the center channel had a crackle sound coming from it. I packed it back up and sent it straight back to amazon.
1,Mouse is kind of small and it will hurt your hand if use for an extended time
1,it sucked
1,Very hard to tune to the right channel. Does not have a scan option you have to advance each time my one and check the signal quality. Real pain. Did not work well for me
1,I cannot comment on the function of the blu-ray playing capability as I have never used it. I have had this for about a month and have only used the apps.. I purchased this, upgrade from and Samsung BD-F5700, because I wanted to use Amazon Video and the BD-F5700 does not have that app.. The main problem with this machine is that it freezes very often, at least once daily, and has to be unplugged to get it to work again. I would chalk this up to a bad unit, but my BD-F5700 did the same thing, although not near as often. I like having a Samsung blu-ray since all of my TVs are Samsung and the remotes of the blu-ray player will work on the TV. However, using the remote does not off set the very annoying freezing of the product.		UPDATE: DOES NOT even play Blu-rays! Cannot get any to play, tried in F5700 mentioned above and blu-rays play. This product in junk!
1,Would not power on
1,Uh huh. Apple certified? Well you would think that would mean it would work with apple products. Well, it works for an hour or two, then magically just stops working. If you want apple certified, you need to buy something with the apple logo on it. This is a piece of junk and a waste of money.
1,Doesn't work with my Logitech keyboard I matched number and all with no luck.
1,Installed in a Mac Pro using an external DatOptic enclosure. Set it up as a RAID 5 using 3TB Hitachi drives. After the software built the RAID I restarted the Mac... RAID was gone! Completely destroyed. Did this a few times. Same results. I am very familiar with Highpoint cards as I use a lot of the older ones.... 231x, 2522, etc... Never seen one of those do this. Contacted support. All they could offer was to investigate. But they never offered a solution after two months.		Returned to Amazon as defective. Bought an Areca low-end card instead and it worked with the DatOptic box. All the other HighPoint cards I use above work fine with the DatOptic box.		Also, HIghPoint doesn't list 3TB drives to be compatible. I have to turn off NCQ to make them work somewhat correctly with their older cards. I'm done with HighPoint.
1,Horrible.  It did not work.  It worked, but not with every touch of the stylus. More often than not, it was extremely annoying to use. Obviously a knockoff and not quality.
1,Buy an unmanaged switch or check to make sure the software is from this century, the management software is a joke.  Pathetic.  WinPcap, Adobe AIR, and Errors Microsoft Visual C++ 2005 Redistributable Package (x86) and Microsoft Visual C++ 2008 Redistributable Package (x86). Please download and install these two packages from Microsoft web site.  The software is 10 freaking years old, they send a CD so if you are from 2017 you don't want this POS!  It's Pathetic.  I'll not go through the headache of trying to use this with Windows 10.  It's a turd
1,My Samsung Galaxy Pro still asks me to use the original cable for faster charging.
1,They're really heavy, and the mic is really quiet and scratchy for the person on the other end of the call. I'm not happy with this product. It made me sad, I was pretty hyped to use them too.
1,Does not fit an ipad 2 as the 10" screen one actual size is 12".  The cover is exactly 12" and the tablet edge shows past the cover.
1,This is a horrible tracking device. I bought it for my cat to help find her when she gets out but the range on it is horrible. Even after I had been standing over my cat for a minute or two, the trackr app still had issues locating the device. It just says "connecting" for a few minutes until it can finally connect. So if I'm looking for ANYTHING that I've lost (wallet, keys, pet, etc.) and I'm walking around searching for the item, if I walk past it without knowing/ allowing the device to connect, chances are I'll probably find it on my own before the app locates it. That makes the map somewhat pointless... The only way you can really find anything is by using the sound playback (when it decides to connect) and follow the sound until your lost item is found.		The ONLY reason I gave it an extra star is because when I play the sound, it's hysterical watching my cat walk around in circles trying to get the device off her collar.
1,do not buy
1,Unfortunately, two keys were not working on the keyboard. Mouse is rather small for a desktop model. I am 5'11" with fairly large hands so consider that regarding the mouse size. Both made it unusable for me, but at this low price, it's not worth returning. I will just donate it as a wireless mouse and pitch the keyboard.
1,Tried setting this up to point outside. Everything green was pink, everything red was white. Brought it inside, same situation. Expected better from Creative.
1,I bought this as a gift and it quit working after about a year as well. I have a 10" and it is still working great so not sure why this one seems to die after a year. Sad because my sister enjoyed it before it gave out.
1,I could not achieve any satisfying results with this cable. All charges I tried with this cable - charge my Google Pixel phone in "slow" mode, at the same time regular USB-A to USB-C cables charge my phone in "rapid" or in worst case "regular" mode. So I guess no-data-transfer protection is the only reason you may want to buy this cable.
1,Didn't work in either direction... In or out.	We tried going from Apple TV hdmi out to yellow video... Nothing.	We tried going from Apple TV hdmi out to VGA  video... Nothing.	We tried going from computer VGA  out to hdmi in on a big tv... Nothing.
1,Nope. Sounded ok for what it is. Kept tripping thermal protection, laying in an open hatch.
1,Defective- no surge protection- sent back
1,Don't bother. Threw them away after 10 minutes of torture.	That's probably why its discontinued.
1,THE BLUETOOTH RECIEVER WORKS REALLY BAD. I USE IT TO STREAM MUSIC, WHEN I PUT MY IPHONE IN MY JEANS FRONT OF BACK POCKET THE SIGNAL START TO BEING INTERRUPTED WHAT I NEED TO DO IS HOLD MY PHONE IN MY HAND ALL THE TIME TO KEEP MUSIC PLAYING.(HONEST REVIEW)
1,It isn't what I thought it was.
1,Was great until it broke. Had it for a year and used it occasionally. First the clasp holding the horizontal extender broke. Then the socket broke dropping my tablet to the car floor during a car trip. Product is a great idea but not well made.
1,Loses touch screen
1,Pros: looks, solid feel, features.		Cons:	Expensive	Sound is somewhat tinny like a $20 radio.	I can't receive many of my local stations on AM and FM. I should be getting 50-75 easily, but I only get about 20.	Instructions aren't clear on rechargeable batteries.	Time display is to small to read without my reading glasses. My eyes aren't too bad.		I wouldn't recommend it.
1,I bought this to split an optical signal from a satellite PVR into 2 separate Home Receivers (that provides sound to different parts of the house).  Just didn't work at all.  I could see the red signal coming through, but the receivers (neither of them - and both were Denons) just weren't reading the signal.  Good thing it was only a couple bucks, otherwise I'd be pretty unhappy.
1,Doesnt work, all I get is terrible feedback in the stereo I plugged it in.
1,I have a wireless printer (Brother) on 2.4GHz WiFi, and every time I send a document for printing (from computer or phone) - the router reboots. All wireless clients disconnect, of course, and the print job fails.		ASUS support is a waste of time - they will create a ticket for you, but will not respond. So the ticket just sits IN PROGRESS forever. What a shame.
1,Didn't work - had to return product
1,If you're trying to record gameplay footage through HDMI on PS3 or PS4, don't get this to bypass HDCP.		I thought I was doing something wrong. Nope, only certain brands actually bypass HDCP. According to many people on Youtube, Orei and Saxony are two brands that bypass the dreaded HDCP. However, many of those are sold out currently.		Long story short, this doesn't bypass HDCP, which was why I got it. The quality isn't bad or anything, so if you're planning on just using this to split a signal to two TVs, this will work great.
1,I'm not impressed with Boss's stuff at all. The audio cable has the cheap plastic very thinly gold plated tip and wears out super fast even though it just sits there. The ends, don't even mess with them they are a waste of time and money and VERY cheaply made. This kit is cheaper than what you will probably find at your local stores but in this case you probably aren't even gettting what you paid for. The power/hot wire seems to be alright but with my other Boss equipment ( i bought an amp and this kit together) I'm not sure I'd trust the ratings. I'd look else where and took the time to write this review in hopes that you do.
1,Did not fit had to send back.
1,Works so so... you need to be on ice if you ever want it that smooth if you get my drift! enjoy the bumpy footage!
1,I have used many expansion packs and they all have failed miserably. They can cause issues from crashing to loading problems. The only expansion pack that works without issues is the Nintendo brand expansion pack.
1,returned
1,Garbage. Frequent connection problems, consistently drops connections, doesn't work reliably as a repeater or access point. My advice is to avoid this product and pick something else more reputable.
1,The connections won't go all the way into the two female ends. I have tried two different male connection and both go about 3/4 of the way in. At first it wasn't an issue with sound quality but now the speaker volume is reduce by 1/2 and it only comes out of one of the two speakers.
1,Bass is overwhelming. Build quality is very good. Maybe fixed w/ eq, but returned.
1,For the price, it is poor built quality. The VDO resolution is good, however, but VDO is not smooth, it is lag and sluggish every other 5-10 sec.		On a plus side, it is light weight and easy to mount and use. I'm considering returning this.
1,+		-Great quality build	-Stunning look	-Changeable ear ends		-	*Bad lows and graves	*Expensive for what they offer	*Extremely uncomfortable
1,It takes about ten minutes before it woks properly. Every time you get in the vehicle. Very annoying.
1,The cables them selves are nice and durable, fast charging but the micro USB connector gets loose after a few weeks. Wish they would make those little spring ends so they didn't collapse
1,Cheap enough so worth the experiment. Auto searches didn't come up with better drivers & a USB 2 connection I already had is fast enough for my application. So I just recycled it & didn't sacrifice any serenity over it.
1,I bought the drive for an older computer I had. I didn't get around to installing it until 2 days ago. SMART comes back with pretty much every alarm having gone off. The drive is unformattable/unusable. Since I didn't get a chance to install/test until now, and the return period ends today, I'm now left with a bad drive.
1,Someone suggested that these be purchased with jaybird earbuds.  I find these uncomfortable.  I have had no problems with the original tips that come with the jaybird earbuds.
1,this did not fit my iPad the iPad moved around.
1,This is the second try on third mouse, as the first one burned out after a week.  Need to give this a little more time before I can figure out if this one will do the same...
1,Do you want a piece of advice?  Don't buy it.  It will work for 3 or 4 months, that's it.
1,Broke with regular use on the hinge above each earphone. It broke in the same place on both sides, obvious design failure.
1,As far as the product goes it would be great if they improved the design of the pin that is to lock the actual two pieces together. I'm now on my second purchase of this item. The first broke just after a month of use. I disconnected the antenna to go through a car was as designed. When I went to put my CB antenna back on the pin was gone. Luckily I was able to get a refund for that item. The same thing has happened again now on my second item within 3 days of use, but this time the pin fell out at some point when the antenna was attached just leaving the upper half separate freely or to be removed by anyone.		In an attempt to resolve the issue I drilled the original hole the pin went into all the way through, and put an extended, machined brass pin into the larger hole in hopes it will not fall out like the original.
1,Within a month it stopped working.
1,I sent this back.. not enough padding to protect my expensive iPad Air 2. I recommend the Moko Slim Fit instead.
1,This player is VERY slow to load any title. It has intermittent freezes and video drop-outs. When playing my second blu-ray movie it froze to the point that I had to power it down to get my disk out. Video quality is not as good as my Samsung BD1600. I would reccomend a pass on this player, since there are much better BD players out there in this price range.
1,The 128 page booklet has many words and few explanations if you are a MAC user.	I do not like "Time Machine" due to it's closed system.	I tried to use Cronosync to so that I would have better control and see my backup files.	It failed, I think because some file names are not DOS compatible.		The only apparent for Apple backup is using "Time machine" which I cannot look at	Because the backup files seem to be blank after 35 hrs of backup.	I'm not sure if anything is truly backed up and more important!	If it is backed up how would I be able to recover the 400G of files which I cannot see or	find?
1,I had to agree with one of the earlier reviewers saying that they had difficulty with sticking the card in. There is no "positive" connection. The card (memory stick pro duo) can easily be wiggled in the slot. At first I couldn't get it to work at all. Then I had it working (and thought it must have been me) but today I tried it to find that the photos are distorted with color bars. Put the card back in my camera and the photos were undistorted. It would also be informative if a light flashed on the unit to show that the card is being accurately read. I give up. I'm on to another. What the heck they're so cheap.
1,The end fell off the first time I removed it from the audio jack. I thought it was going to be a nice cable, it felt sturdy and the colored sheathing is thick. I was wrong, its junk.
1,i have previously given this product a five star when I first got it.  However, four months later, out of the blues, it fail to engage my iPhone/ IPad.  Thus, I had to change it to one star.  This product simply is not durable.	Furthermore, regarding the warranty.  Well, this is what they email me "You send the cable back to us. We check the issue and approve the claim and ship a replacement back to you. You will have to pay for shipping the cable to us. On our end we will not charge you for anything to get the product replaced under warranty."  Basically, paying the shipping fee to me it's like buying a new cable.  Why would I want to buy a cable with poor quality again!?!
1,disapointed to say the least but they do work!!
1,Update: Left earbud audio is gone. Right still works fine along with pairing to devices and charging. No idea what caused the audio tomvanish in the left earbuds as it worked fine the previous day and not at all the next when i went for my run. Frustrating. Dropping my review to two stars. I would call this product cheap so buyer beware. Original review follows.		I do trail running and enjoy listening to audiobooks and music on the run. To use these, you first activate bluetooth on your device (iphone 4s in my case), you hold the power button on the earbuds until you hear a female voice tell you they are now on. You then check your device to see if they are linked. Play your audio! Good to go, simple.		Mine came with a stylish carrying case, earbuds, earbud inserts to secure to your ears (like 9 different sized pairs, but only 1 worked for me).		Pros	+ Price is really reasonable for what you get.	+ I like that you can drape these behind your neck, leaving you cord free.	+ Surprisingly good sound and good bass. No problems with the sound from these at this price.	+ Battery life seems good (i charge every third run or so) and range is up to 40+ feet unobstructed.	+ USB charger works with Iphone chargers.	+ If you have earbuds from other earbud headphones, you can swap out the earbuds.		Cons	- While it comes with ear pieces to secure to the inside of the ear, only one of the 9 actually keeps this secured comfortably in my ear.	- USB port is tight and you need to handle it carefully when recharging.	- Ear buds do stick a bit far out on either side of the ear.	- Depending on your app you are using, the + / - buttons on the earbud can not work properly. My case, using the volume controls actually cause my audiobook to skip chapters.		Honestly, I think these are great for what they are. Price is really low and features are where they need to be.
1,The picture quality is great.  But the unusual mounting method just doesn't work at all for a modern laptop with a thin LCD lid.  OK, why would a modern laptop be missing a built-in camera, you ask?  Well, long story, but it got broken so I decided to buy this cheap camera rather than repair the built-in one.  So I guess I'm not the key demographic for this camera.  In any case, it's really an awful mount for my needs ... keeps on shifting and/or falling off.  I would've (and should've) sent it back, but I messed up the packaging somewhat while opening it.  Anyway, the way that I got it to work, sort of, is to stick a piece of velcro loop on the back of the laptop display lid, and the corresponding piece of velcro hook to the camera mount.  Ah, but there's more: the mount seems to be made of some sort of silicone material, so that NOTHING that I tried would stick to it, making it a chore to attach the velcro.  I solved this by using some silicone tape at the top and bottom of the velcro, wrapping all the way around the mount and fusing with the silicone tape.  This works but is ugly and lots of unnecessary work, all because of a useless (for laptops) mount.
1,too small ....	My gtx 770 is not suit for this case. So i waist money to buy it.(And i try to break it to get more places nad fail.)	So if you use the GTX 770 don't buy it!!!
1,The product was sent very quickly. However, it doesn't charge. I'll try to charge it when it's off and it won't charge so I will try to charge it when it's on and it still won't charge. So when I use it in my car I have to keep it plugged in which defeats the purpose of me buying this product because I wanted an FM transmitter that didn't have to be plugged in. I'm not sure if mine is defective and that's why it won't hold a charge but it is very inconvenient. I will most likely buy a different brand that can actually hold a charge.
1,Less than a year. It does not work. Poor quality
1,Haven't heard from them. Not sure how this is suppose to work.
1,I knew from the begining that this is a refurb unit, but this one was a special. Especially bad ... scratches on the unit, slower than a normal Garmin, and yes, it broke down few days later in the middle of the traffic. Price ratio new vs. refurb, not worth the time and aggravation.
1,The very first thing the new Micca MPlay owner should do is download the simple and intuitive: Freemake Video Converter		While there are numerous freeware programs that will convert diverse video files into formats that will work on the ever-fickle Micca MPlay Digital Media Player, I've found that no one software, except Freemake Video Converter, will successfully work with all of them. In fact, I have been unable to get Freemake to stumble, and NOT produce an acceptable Micca MPlay-compatible video. I've been tempted to enter custom parameters into some of the video outputs, but for now, it's actually a tremendous relief just to let the default settings effortlessly produce videos that are totally compatible with the Micca MPlay.		Really, one should not have to make video conversions a lifestyle, just to get the Micca MPlay to work.		As mentioned, the Freemake default settings (just avoid H.264, flv, mkv and wmv file conversions) work quite well on the Micca MPlay. I prefer the "Mobile Quality" AVI conversions (XVID, MP3, 320x240), which allow me to crowd many videos onto an old 16GB SD, now dedicated to playing the Micca MPlay through my portable video projector.		DVD and FLV files now convert with ease. Freemake even automatically selects the proper DVD VOB file to convert, that is in your language.		F.Y.I.: The conversion time, on my trusty old WinBookJ1 laptop, for a 1-hour DVD to  a "Mobile Quality" AVI file is about 4.67 hours, and a conversion time of about 28 minutes to convert a 29MB FLV file to a 33.5MB "Mobile Quality" AVI file. So it's best to plan for overnight DVD conversions on these things.	(My system is Windows XP 32-bit, 1.00GHz Intel Celeron processor, 504 MB of RAM, Toshiba DVD-ROM SD-R2002 6x DVD-ROM (read), HTS721080G9AT00 hard drive.)		I prefer to convert to AVI files since they are totally universal and will work on all of my electronic devices. MP4 and MPG files are also easily produced by Freemake, taking condsiderably less time to convert than AVI files. And another comparison: A finished 19MB AVI = 16MB MP4 = 21MB MPG Freemake file size conversions.		Unfortunately, the micca website provides little information, using words as sparingly as possible. Their link: "Please see the Micca Video Recode Tutorial for more info." actually does not exist. But the 6-page "Micca Video Recode Tutorial" can be accessed via "Support FAQ", "Micca MPLAY Digital Media Player", "MP4/AVI/MOV will not play on the MPLAY", and, finally: "Video Recode Tutorial".		As the headline to this review states: "Micca MPlay Digital Media Player needs to include easy-to-use video conversion software!" And I mean a video conversion software (like Freemake) that is easy to use.		I would have given the Micca MPlay a 5-star rating, but the lack of video converting guidance and support is an unforgivable sin.		Also, the AV cable, packaged with the unit, is unbelievably cheap and flimsy:  Early on, the black cables broke where they attach at the red, white, and yellow plug housings, exposing the fine, fragile wires inside.  I picked up an new, much more robust AV cable, only to discover that these cables are not at all standardized, so I'll have to break out my volt-ohm meter and soldering gun to get this rig back in operation.  On the micca mplay, the audio-video 4-pole 3.5mm plug (aka pinout) is wired, from base to tip, in the following manner: base=common ground, right audio (red), left audio (white) and tip=video (yellow).	Another way of wording this:	Micca Mplay 3.5mm to 3 RCA AV Output Cable:	  1st segment (tip) = Video RCA center conductor	  2nd segment = White RCA center conductor	  3rd segment = Red RCA center conductor	  4th segment (base) = Common ground	Unfortunately, there is no such thing as a "standard" audio/video cable.  The industry had its chance, over 25 years ago, to adopt the Standard Camcorder Cable, and eliminate the confusion, but they, instead, did the unthinkable.  If this helps, the Aiwa VCD player uses the same AV cable as the micca mplay.  Telefunken, in Australia, is also selling a DVB Micro Set Top Box, model TDR986, that uses the same AV cable as the micca mplay.  Stay posted.	Until then, here's a VERY temporary solution, using the supplied YPrPb Component Output Cable:	Micca Mplay: Using the supplied 3.5mm to 3 RCA YPrPb Component Output Cable, as a substitute for the 3.5mm to 3 RCA AV Output Cable:	* Plug the YPrPb Component Output Cable 4-pole plug into the AV jack of the Micca Mplay.	  1st segment (tip) = Video RCA center conductor	  2nd segment = Blue RCA center conductor (plug into White jack = left audio)	  3rd segment =  Red RCA center conductor (plug into Red jack = right audio)	  4th segment (base) = Common ground	As mentioned, substituting the YPrPb Component Output Cable is a VERY temporary solution: The YPrPb Component Output Cable, packaged with the unit, is also unbelievably cheap and flimsy:  After just a couple of uses, the black cables will break at where they attach at the blue, red, and green plug housings, exposing the fine, fragile wires inside.		Micca MPlay seems to be the typical, all-to-common vendor who thoughtlessly lets their customers fend for themselves, and abandons them, to grovel through the tedious process of sorting through the many and diverse video converter freewares.		It's a shame that the Micca MPlay webpage doesn't post a direct link to Freemake freeware, to get all of these devices up and running. I actually felt quite flogged by the search, download, and testing processes, of many video converters, before Freemake was discovered!		After reading over my review, it seems more like a Freemake sell, than a Micca Mplay review. But, really, without intuitive, easy-to-use video conversion software, the Micca MPlay is absolutely nothing.		The Geek Stuff:		The Micca MPlay power jack is for a standard "H" power plug: 3.5mm O.D. / 1.3mm I.D., negative ground (positive tip, negative barrel), with a 5VDC power source, with an absolute minimum current of 400mA required (but a safe-and-sure 1500mA power supply is already included with the device).		For true portability, this means that an improvised 5 Volt, 2.5 Amp-Hour battery pack (4 - 1.2 Volt, 2.5 Amp-Hour "AA" NiMH rechargeable batteries) will power the Micca MPlay for about 4-1/2 hours.
1,Did not work very well for me, local stations did not come in.
1,This product worked exactly as intended for ~3 months, then became frustratingly unusable.  I was using it in the same way as it's intended -- plugged into the wall at a hotel, allowing my devices to talk to one another and letting me use the hotel internet for chromecasting.		The setup was painless, the controls were intuitive, and it worked wonderfully.  I very nearly wrote a 5 star review, but I've learned to wait a few months before reviewing tech products.  I'm glad I did.		Last week, the product began randomly and frequently dropping its internet connection.  Connected devices would lose internet, then show the router configuration page seconds later.  It seems that it's no longer able to reliably recieve AND transmit a wireless signal.  Using it a wireless bridge works fine, and using it as a wireless router hooked up to LAN works fine, but joining and repeating a wireless network is a no-go.		It's a shame, as I loved everything about the unit.  I'll be purchasing the better-reviewed HooToo Elite to replace it.
1,Decent item and it works, but terrible music sound quality
1,I don't know why I keep trying.  Three of the past three SanDisk cards I have bought from Amazon have not passed a basic capacity test.  I write copies of a 1MB file to the card until it is full or crashes (my computer).  If it fills, I open a few random files from the card and see if they're intact.  If it crashes,  I reformat it on every device it will fit into and try it again.  The first time, this one crashed around 20 GB, but I got almost 32 GB onto it once.  Amazon is an authorized SanDisk retailer, but this has happened with the last three SanDisk cards I have bought here.  SanDisk went so far as to tell me that the first one was counterfeit, but they don't seem to do that any more.  Amazon is great about taking them back, but they can't refund the hours of my life wasted on them.		If you're not testing these when you get them, my sampling says that you're very unlikely to be getting what you paid for.		OK, repeat after me:	Stick your finger in your eye.  Say "Ow!"	Stick your finger in your eye.  Say "Ow!"	Stick your finger in your eye.  Say "Ow!"	How many more times do you want to do that?
1,Just Ok the button to stop and play music fell off /
1,Doesn't fit my 1999 F350 Superduty.
1,The kit is decent, but the lightbulbs have vents in the plastic where the actual glass bulb coil meets the base.  Most of these plastic heat vent slits did not get punched out completely during manufacturing and it's causing the bulbs to overheat and die prematurely.  They'll get you through a few shoots, but expect to replace them after the first month.
1,Worked fine for 6 months and the keyboard started to malfunction, I contacted Table Express and was told to send it back to see if it could be repaired for a cost of $25.00. Not very happy with a product bought through Amazon
1,Cant even use for real. Waste of money. Its cheap well what should I expect right.
1,It works when it wants too. Has to be plugged in all the time because battery doesn't stay charged long. picture's and video turn ok. No night pics or video. Bad buy.
1,Who makes a TV without any sort of audio out? Unusable with my apple TV
1,I had an older version of these headphones that took 2-3 years of abuse and yet still did a great job.  I use them when exercising.  They finally cashed it in, so I bought these as replacements since I liked the old ones so much.  I have had the new ones since June and now one speaker has died.  I cannot fix them, and have not yet looked into warranty, but an online reviewer claims Panasonic limits it to 90 days.  So, I am out. Aside fro the poor reliability, the design is awful.  To access the battery, you push in a small button and pull the headphone apart.  It seems a very poor way of doing it as they are hard to separate and the plastic feels like it is going to break.
1,I purchased this card for use in a Samsung Galaxy S4.  It has never been used in another device. Once installed, it was never removed from the phone UNTIL it failed.  Its around a year old.  When it failed, all content was lost and could not be recovered. Fortunately, most of the content had been duplicated through periodic backups to the computer but still had this been in use at a wedding or the once in a lifetime event it could have been much worse with perhaps no possible recovery.		If you want something that *might* work, then take a chance because that is all you can reasonably expect.  If you need certainty that the pictures, videos, etc., that you record will be stored and accessible, then maybe this is not a reasonable selection.		If you just want to download *copies* of music or other electronic materials that you have on your computer so that you have copies on a portable device, then it might work - it might not.		Card has, I think, a 10 year warranty.  I have filed a claim.  I suspect what I am going to find out is that the costs of getting a warranty replacement is probably as much as what the card costs them to make if not a lot more.
1,Cheap a broke fast
1,I returned this item. It is very flimsy and when you have the Ipad resting against the little ledge(s) to view the screen, it easily slips out of place and the whole unit can topple. It has a cheap feel to it and with it being so very unsteady, I did not want to risk my high priced Ipad Air 2 with this case.
1,I got the iHome cover to compare to&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/this-product-by-Bear-Motion/dp/B004Q7KTF4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">this product by Bear Motion</a>&nbsp;which I use on a daily basis and am quite satisfied with. The two serve the same function: Protect the iPad when not in use, and prop it up (via a "kickstand" flap on the back) when you're using it. The only thing this cover has going for it is that it's a bit thinner than the Bear Motion product, which means your iPad is a bit less bulky with this cover on it. Here are my gripes:		1. As others have mentioned, it doesn't consistently turn the unit off and on. If you've never used the magnet-off-on feature of the iPad 2 and 3, I assure you it's a nice convenience to open the cover and have the unit turn on, every single time. This case will not give you that convenience, not even close. It may be that they used weak magnets, or that the alignment of the magnets to the iPad hardware is inconsistent. Either way, it's not doing its job.	2. The seams on the edge stick out from the unit, which makes it seem cheap. Basically all they did is put two pieces of naugahyde together and run a sewing machine around the edge. So when you carry your iPad, you'll have to put it with the spine (folded) side in your hand if you don't want the fake leather seam cutting into your hand.	3. As best I can tell, when they say "a secure hand grip for taking your iPad on the go," they're referring to the fact that it's less likely to slip out of your hand than an uncovered iPad. There's certainly no handle.		I should note that the Bear Motion cover is real leather for less money than this synthetic leather case.		In short, there is no reason to buy this cover when there are better ones out there for less.
1,does not work
1,I liked the body of the case, it kept the ipad snug and fit well but the stand did not go past a very low point and the ipad was not up to a good viewing level.  It would be nice if it lifted the ipad up straighter.  Nice color tho.  Good for a child I would guess to just have ipad protected and not use the stand.
1,The OEM Cyberlink PowerDVD 8 BD software supplied with the drive would not run at all on my Windows 7 based pc.  I could never get passed an incorrect, or invalid, activation key error message from the OEM software. I tried unloading and reloading the software a couple times with no luck. I also recieved an error when I tried going the upgrade route which included downloading the 93 meg plus file. The error there was that I needed the retail version of PowerDVD 8 installed prior to getting the upgrade.		I contacted Cyberlink for a valid activation key and I basically got the run around and then was ignored. The Cyberlink representaive stated that the OEM software should not need a key and asked me to contact Liteon for a different version. I contacted Liteon via email, and by phone mesaage, but they never responded. The Cyberlink representative then stated that that they would provide me a dfifferent version of the OEM software if Liteon could not help me but when I contacted him again and asked for the different version, he never responded.		Bottom line is that I am down the cost of the drive with a week's worth of time invested and I have nothing to show for it. I built the my pc specifically to watch BDs so I know it is not the problem. The next step is to either purchase Windows 7 compatible software like WindDVD 2010 Pro for $80 to $100 which makes my setup alot more expensive, or try to return the drive. The one thing for sure is that I will never purchase anything from Cyberlink again.
1,Did not work well as repeater. Gave strong signal but data pass through was erratic. Moved it all over the house to. O avail. Returned.
1,started breaking off part by part after a month or so...
1,Too heavy and clunky.  Not very useful, in my opinion.
1,This device has been plugged into a USB 3.0 hub since I received it in late December. It has had intermittent issues and now it does not light up or connect at all. Other devices connected to the hub work just fine. This product just gave up.		Time to buy a new one. Won't be buying this brand of reader again any time soon. I love their SD cards, but apparently that quality doesn't transfer to other things that they make.
1,disappointing - all of the keys stuck - i even pulled each and every key and did a little filing with a small file - improved the "action" of most of the keys. but nothing could fix the "space bar" key!!		i liked the look - the lit-up keys were helpful to me. but it was almost impossible to type, using this keyboard.	send it back to the drawing board. sorry it's too late for a refund!!
1,I wrote the below review before I realized that the USB ports simply didn't work and the 110 plugs are VERY difficult to slide in and out.  My love has turned to hate.		I LOVE THIS THING!!!  Turns a regular 2 outlet outlet into 3 outlets, plus 2 USB mini charging parts plus 2 fold-down phone holders.  My M9 in a decent case fits easily in the holders while charging.  Assuming that your outlet has the room (not 1/2 set in tile [I live in Mexico]), it's just great.  The top outlet plugs in, the bottom outlet in the wall receives a plastic stub from this item in the grounding hole for support, also it includes a screw, so you can remove the cover plate on your outlet and screw this item into the center of the outlet for added support.  I think that this thing is great.  I want to be careful to not bust one of the phone holders, they seem like I might do that, but other than that, I don't foresee any problems.  I wish I had thought of this arrangement.  We have lots of neighborhood kids visit and they're always wanting to charge this or that, so it's great to have this available.  SuperDuper.  I guess that I've said enough.
1,Forgetting the horrible idea of the U3 software installed on the drive, the retractable tip does not protect the drive.  True it does retract the plug so that it will not bend or break off (and how often has anyone had that happen except when trying to remove it from a computer?) but IMHO the major 'risk' to the plug is for foreign materials to get into the plug and clog it up. Remember, that's why the cap was put there in the first place, to prevent pen tips, paper scraps and other briefcase or pocket debris from getting into the plug.  Retracting the plug still leave it open to debris and other foreign materials such as liquids since the end is still open to air.  I'd rather just cover the tip with the plastic cap which protects it just as well from bending and prevents foreign materials from getting stuck in the plug.
1,I purchased this as an upgrade to the factory radio in my girlfriend's car, along with new speakers and an 8" self powered subwoofer.		This is my first experience with a touchscreen radio, and I really feel Sony missed the mark on this one, almost all around.		First, the touch screen itself is easy enough to use, even with gloves in the winter time. However, the on-screen buttons along the edges can take two or more tries, and doesn't feel natural.		Second, the sound quality is just off. It's hard to explain, and I've worked with my fair share of car and home audio systems. For some reason, I just can't find the sweet spot in this player's settings. The location setting (driver, passenger, all, etc) definitely works, but the sound never seems to fill the entire car. In the "all" setting, you definitely hear it behind and to the right of you, but in the "front left" location, you lose that behind and to the right feel, but the sound still doesn't seem full... it's tough to describe. The graphic equalizer is nice, and there are some pre-set arrangements, but they are all fairly poor sounding. For whatever reason, every song sounds like you need to re-adjust the settings again, which gets annoying. Simply put, nothing ever really sounds right.		The iPod control is nice, but quirky. There are two control options: on screen, or iPod. The direct iPod control is what works best, since the interface is obviously familiar and quick to use. The only downside is you don't get the information on screen; instead you see "passenger control mode" or something on the screen. The on screen shows album artwork and info which is nice, but changing songs is HORRIFICALLY painful, especially since it distracts from keeping your eyes on the road. Pressing "next," there will be a longer than usual delay. Trying to go back is very frustrating, as double pressing "back" doesn't work too well. The interface layout is very user UNfriendly. You'd expect being on a playlist, there would be a simple way to go back to the playlist in one "back" button of sorts. Very wrong. Music list > playlists > your playlist, and hope it's not on page 2, because loading the other pages takes about five seconds. This is a perfect segue into...		The interface. It is VERY poorly laid out. The tuner has six channels to set per band. Keeping the six channel buttons on screen, you would expect to see the different frequencies. Instead you see the radio information it last obtained (song name, program name, etc.), so you're never actually sure which station you're going to (obviously this is similar to just having 1-6 buttons where you have to memorize, but looking at the screen with partial song or program names, it confuses you very quickly). Also, the six buttons are a part of an overlaid menu, which is "above" the current station frequency, and the very small station information loop (song, etc). The entire layout is just awkward, and not "glanceable," which it should be given that you're driving! The settings button isn't always available, even though there's an empty space where it usually is, so from the source page (iPod, tuner, etc), you have to press the "top" button, which pops up the settings button along the top. Why it's not always available, I'll never know. The settings aren't well thought out either (why is the subwoofer output level on the page with the fade and balance?). It really seems like the layout was given the least priority, and whoever designed it has never driven a car.		All that said, the one nice feature that actually works fairly well is the Bluetooth streaming from your phone. With my Android device, Pandora works flawlessly, and streaming any other audio source on the phone (TuneIn, spotify, etc) all work nicely. However, I've read others' complaints that their devices didn't work, so it may be hit and miss.		One other thing, when the unit is off, or with the "monitor off" function, the clock also goes away, which doesn't seem right.		One last huge downside is there is no battery backup, so if your car battery happens to die, all of your settings will be lost.		Overall, I'd love to see other brands' layout design and functionality, because I really feel Sony completely missed the mark on this unit. I certainly would not buy it again.
1,I followed all the installation instructions. device appears to install but refuses to pair. Presents a 6 digit code for varification but with no means of entering other than OKAY then giving an error message.	Uninstalled then restalled. Now doesn't even show on device list.	Using Windows 7 64bit system.		Requested tech support from Mfg and GOT NO RESPONSE.	$20 down the drain.	Avoid this product !		Part II	Uninstalled then reinstalled.  Now Hardware shows in computer device list.	Can see computer from other devices. But Click it and it says "pairing" for several seconds, then same error message with no way to enter other than "Okay" or "Cancel"	Can't find any place to get assistance.		Part III	I have had a few exchanges with the Mfg support people. They have made several suggestions, none of which has yet resolved my issues.	To their credit they have not given up. At this point they have agreed supply a replacement device. When that arrives we'll start from ground zero and I'll report the outcome. I suspect that the problem is likely an incompatablity with Androids O/S. But stay tuned. . . .
1,This review is for the X10 version. If it was a $50 device, I might exchange it, but with a $400 price tag you should expect much higher quality.		It stopped connecting to the internet after two days so I returned it. You can probably stop here, but even before it failed, I was beginning to be disappointed.		The attached NAS feature does not include any disk formats compatible with Macs, so don't think you can just take one of your current external drives you use with your Mac and plug it in. It won't work. Netgear chose to not pay for the ExFAT license, something you should definitely expect at this price point, which could have worked with Macs. Still, it has no disk management, no way to partition or format an attached drive.		Because of that, I wasn't able to test out the built-in Plex server, which is really why I chose this router over other options.		Another problem is this modem is locked into the firmware version it shipped with because of a bug, so no security updates unless you ship it back to Netgear  seems kind of important.		A couple of minor frustrations: the wall wort is the most awkward and space consuming design I have come across, not sure what they were trying to accomplish but it sits a good 3-4 inches away from the wall, not good if you're trying to hide it behind furniture. The USB ports are a) on the side making for some really awkward and space consuming cable routing, and b) the plugs are mounted upside-down, so thisll be the one device in your home or office where you have to remember the USB cable is *not* shiny side up.		I have to say, this experience has turned me off of Netgear as a whole. Ill be looking for options from other manufacturers.
1,I feel both cheated and robbed by purchasing this oh so great laptop.	This laptop was literally the first thing that I have bought through Amazon, ever. (I did so through the use of my brother's account), and it just so happened to also be the second but it will definitely not be my third.	I had purchased this laptop so that I would have it in time to use for school; unfortunately it came with pixel damages around the edges which I presume must have come from the splitting (on the sides) screen.	Having only noticed the extent of the damage during the set up I decided to have a look at the tablet. The tablet was ridiculously difficult to detatch from the base.		Obviously this had to be returned for a refund; it was an unfortunate coincident and of course, the second time in life that I would make a purchase through Amazon, it would not happen.		I could not possibly be anymore wrong.	Half-way through my first semester, I have received my second laptop (I purchased the same model of laptop).	I immediately notice the pixel damage, again. At the time I was so frustrated that I just decided to keep it (if this was the only problem that is).	A few days later I notice that the keyboard disconnects on it's own whenever I adjust the brightness through the keyboard. I'd have to restart or disconnect and reconnect the tab every, single, time. So I stopped.	On youtube one day I listened to my playlist which I have done several times before, only to realise that the speaker sound quality drops, as if the sound sinks or the speaker spontaneously becomes broken, then it plays fine again another day.	The biggest concern is that three of the base screws (there are 10) are backing out of place on their own. This is possibly because of a short 'scratch' which I also noticed upon receiving the laptop but later discovered to be a hairline crack.	The trackpad malfunctions once pressure is applied to the side of it since the metal frame seems slightly bent and makes a clicking sound when enough pressure is applied (it actually works as a click). It has also disconnected on one occasion.	The pixel damage seemed to be a bit worse than just white corners on a black screen, as the pixels randomly shut off in rows or columns (mostly noticed when browsing on familiar sites).		No, I'm not done.		I often notice a cracking/popping sound when opening the laptop which sounds to me like a drastic increase in the rate of wear and tear. (then I tighten the base screws again)	The rear camera is defective; the camera may work well for a couple photos, but after one or two, it begins taking photos infinitely. (as if on a multiple shot setting [but forever] and not storing the photos taken) To solve this I need to restart, every, single, time.		Though the laptop was bought 'brand new' on both occasions, it felt like it was one that had been poorly refurbished on the second occasion.		On the plus side: it restarts quickly.
1,MINE CAME LATE LATE LATE LIKE A MONTH LATE AND WAS USED ALREADY THE BOTTLE WAS OPEN AND HALF USED I WOULD HAVE RETURNED IT BUT I WOULD HAVE PAID MORE IN SHIPPING THAN IT WAS WORTH I GOT RIPPED OFF ON THIS ONE
1,Got two of these and they took forever to get here.  When i tried them, I could only get these to work with some of the hdmi cables and only my older computer.  The laptop I bought it for won't even work with these.  I think I am going to just throw these away.
1,You have to partially remove it from the radio to take off or to install the battery.
1,I bought this as a Christmas gift for my wife to use with her iPad 2.		It looks sturdy, feels good in the hands, and the keyboard has a decent feel. I love the pivoting hinge and the ability to set multiple viewing angles.		Following the directions in the package, with the keyboard and iPad fully charged, the iPad could not find the keyboard to pair.		To be sure, I tried pairing another keyboard with the iPad, and the iPad had no trouble finding the other bluetooth keyboard.  I also tried pairing the Arclight 2 to my nexus 7, just to see if the n7 could even see the keyboard.  It could not.  As a third attempt, I turned the bluetooth on my Galaxy S3 to see if it might pick up the Arclight 2.  It did not.  All indications are that the Arclight charges, powers on, and flashes as if it's trying to connect, but it appears to not send any signal of any kind that can be found by a bluetooth device.		I was very disappointed.		Even more disappointing was the lack of tech support.  I went to the support site listed in the boxed materials, support.newtrent.com and could not find any mention of this model anywhere on the site.  Nothing in the knowledge bas, nothing in the FAQ and nothing returns when I use their search to search the entire site, "Sorry, no results were found."		So I phoned the number on the boxed materials.  That number rang for a while and then clicked over to something that sounded like a fax machine before hanging up.  I've sent an email to their support email contact, but as you might guess, there's been no response from there either.		The lack of manufacturer support alone is reason enough not to buy this product.  The lack of quality control compounds the issue.		I cannot recommend this product.  It was more than a waste of money.  It was a failed gift and extremely frustrating tech support experience.
1,My headset fit the adapter and the adapter fit my phone.  Trouble was I could hear the caller but they could not hear me.  Also, it only transmitted the sound to one side of the headset.  Tried it on every extension in the house with same result.  Sent it back.
1,Front panel power switch broken. Cheap metal. This case arrived dented. You get what you pay for. I bought a power supply from Sentey and it was dead on arrival. Do not buy Sentey products!
1,Be advised that a particular seller (that claims to be the actual distributor for Baofeng) claims that their lower capacity 3600mAH generic battery will work with the UV-5RA radio - it DOES NOT.  It will work with the original UV-5R (of which I happen to own), but when I ordered more radios from this "distributor/seller" they switched my order from the original UV-5R to the UV-5RA unit (without any prior contact or approval) and then proceeded to ship generic lower capacity batteries (with that same order) that won't work with the new units that they (not me) chose to ship as (in his words) an "upgraded unit".  What good is an upgrade if the batteries shipped with them won't fit?		In addition, when you (as an Amazon customer) point out their listing error (shipping a non-Baofeng battery, shipping a less than advertised 3600mAH model (vs. the actual Baofeng 3800mAH model that was advertised on the listing), and shipping an Extended Battery that won't work on the UV-5RA radios that they shipped with them in the same box), they claim that:		a) Baofeng doesn't even make an Extended Battery (funny since I own several already with Baofeng Electronic's label on the inside of the case and Baofeng's name imprinted into the back of the plastic battery case), and		b) if I'm not happy I should pay to ship my order back to them (this is how they treat a customer that ordered multiple radios, extended batteries, and programming cables all at once and paid over $117 in shipping fees?).		I'll be out of town on business during the next few days, but when I get back rest assured that I plan on contacting Amazon and reporting their anti-customer and extremely RUDE behavior.  That's when I'll post their actual seller review, but I wanted folks out there considering what battery to buy to be aware of this seller's bait and switch tactics.		The actual Baofeng OEM 3800mAH Extended Battery (offered by other sellers) works very well and in my opinion, is well worth the extra few pennies the "smaller" sellers charge vs. this "distributor in KY".		The actual Baofeng battery also has a small DC jack in the case for what appears to be designed for a cigarette lighter charger/adapter, although I have not tried it yet.
1,Came to my home defective. Only one earbud worked correctly.
1,Nice design and average audio quality, its just less than 20 bucks anyway so thats just to be expected for its audio quality. Anyhow, this thing has a short code, which is kinda lame.
1,06/02/17	The power supply fit perfectly in my Dell Optilex 990 SFF.  The cables were the correct length as well.  Once everything was plugged in, the PC fired right up without any issues.  The only downside to this item is that it has a very loud fan.  If you plan to run this 24/7, you will have to put up with the noise.  Other than that, it's a great replacement to the stock power supply.		Update - 07/10/17	I'm knocking a star off because I found out something a few weeks later.  You can't keep your PC in standby with this power supply.  If you put it to sleep, it just wakes back up like 1-2 minutes later.  It didn't do this with the stock power supply.  I guess the extra wattage throws the whole formula off.  This is a big disappointment.
1,I loved this at first - but then it became impossible to properly tighten it. Now I cant get the ball joint to stay put. Wouldnt buy this product again.
1,The micro switch failed after a year.
1,I bought this for my mac and no where on the details did it say that it was or was not mac compatible. Doesnt work and I am very sorry I bought it.
1,I purchased this to use with the Audio-Technica ATH-M40FS.		This is a heavy duty extension that looks nice but adds considerable weight at the jack input.  If you have a device that the jack is not well built into it, seems loose or could break with too much pressure placed on it then I would go with a lighter weight extension.  Otherwise this works well but for the microphone I was using this with it put too much pressure on the jack, I found a lighter weight one in a drawer and used that one instead.  This was just too heavy.		You also have to take into consideration that this extends the plug out quite a bit and it is not just the weight of this extension but this extension PLUS the weight of whatever you are using this for, in my case a studio headset.  It does function, there is nothing wrong with it at all but if weight is an issue with whatever you are going to be plugging this into then I would go with something lighter.
1,When attaching my laptop to my LCD monitor, this cable gave an "image shadow", where all images and text had a phase-shifted shadow to the right of it.  Changing to a different (and frankly cheaper looking) cable fixed this issue.
1,It`s very hit & miss whether it will work or not.  It`s good when it works, but it freezes up on you more often than not.  The Touch is a huge step up from this Duet.		Same your money & buy the Squeezebox Touch.
1,Did not work, tech support answered quickly but quickly told me it was defective and I should return it.
1,I wish I had not bought this. I never use it. It is not as precise as my finger, and takes more to manage to use it than just using my finger. It does what it says it does...but why? Unless you have extreme grub on your fingers (Emma!), I don't see the point.
1,Doesn't hold well and didn't seem to work the way I wanted.
1,I used to be a Nikon fan, but this little camera is about to change my mind. I chose this camera based on its features and in an attractive price. I was looking for a camera that would fit in my pocket AND give pretty good pictures. It turned out to be disappointing. The focus is very bad causing me to lose ALL the pictures I took in my granddaughter's party. Please note that I'm not a novice. I have been using DSLR's for a long time. I tried different settings but the results were always bad. I returned this product and will order a Canon instead.
1,The volume control is strange.  If I hadn't read the review of a kind reviewer, I, too, would have thought my unit defective.  Rather than have the max output be at a level 60 as on most units, this unit's max is 100.  This means that when I would normally set the volume at 30, I now have to set it at 50!  I have to rethink all my volumes for CD's, radio, etc. and do a math equation of taking my usual setting and multiplying it by 5 and then dividing it by 3 to figure out where I should approximately be setting my volume level.  The display is bright enough, but so tiny that you will have trouble seeing it unless your vision is about 20/10.  My vision is 20/20 with glasses, and I find it very difficult to see the display from any distance.  My biggest reason for returning this, though, is the metallic edge on the treble.  Violins and voices with any edge at all sound horrible.  This unit was advertised as a "natural sound" receiver.  So much for the "natural sound"!
1,Worked fine for several months, had a few hang ups here and there but nothing I didn't expect from a router.		After 3-4 months it started cutting out all the time, I would have to unplug it and wait a minute and then plug it back in, which only made it work for 10-20 minutes until it cut out again. Seems like this model is defective as a lot of other people have experience the same problem. I would pass on this router.
1,Within 8 months the corners and sides are all cracked despite the fact that I carry this computer in a padded case. Not durable. Fit wasn't great but wasn't bad.
1,Just works when I get reeeealy close to the camera. Bad quality material, the button is not good.
1,Fiddled with bubbles until screen cracked. Returned for refund
1,ok booster, returned hassle free
1,USB ports only produce 4.97V and will not charge any of my USB devices (phones, blueTooth, cameras, etc). Pigtail cord is too stiff to allow unit to rest well on a table.  Sorry I bought it.
1,Not very good quality.
1,Did more harm than good to my TV signal.
1,Really not the quality I've learned to expect from ASUS over the years. 2 stars because the price is good and it does more or less what I want it to. However, it's not possible to move apps to an SD card, and there is very little available space for games, which is what I bought this for. I'm going to have to find a workaround, and I shouldn't have to. There is really no excuse for advertising expandable storage and then not letting people use it for apps. Ridiculous. Also, the games I run should do fine on 2gb ram, yet they run in low end mode. I guess you get what you pay for.
1,Had this almost 2 years before major issues. Running iMac & router, modem & XHD total of approx. 356 Watts max , so capacity should be fine. 1st week I tested by pulling the plug & it ran my Mac for 15 minutes & still had 55% battery life remaining!		After 1 year or so I began seeing it go to battery back up for a few seconds with no power outage or brown out. Sometimes it would leave a message on screen stating on battery, etc. Sometimes not. Usually I was not at my computer when this happened but several times I was & heard a click & it was on battery  & 5-20 seconds later another click & back on A/C current. I checked with APC & did have the correct sensitivity set so, I ignored this problem.		At almost 2 years of use I got beeping & bad battery light & it stopped allowing my Mac to sleep.  Called APC & after testing (It dropped the load) I was told bad battery. They sent new battery & I installed & charged 30 hours & bad battery light no longer flashes but it still dropped load when tested & does not allow Mac to sleep (unless I disconnect the USB cord). They sent a refurbished BX900R. I plugged the replacement in with no load to charge it & it failed immediately with an overload continuous tone --even when pulled the plug. I had to disconnect the battery to shut it up.		Tech support is very polite & tries to be helpful. They are now sending me a new BX900R which they claim they do have despite this model being discontinued.	APC generally has a very good reputation but, I will look at Cyberpower for the next purchase. I'm concerned there may be a design flaw where the unit often goes into back up battery mode without a reason & this may cause premature wear on the very expensive battery. I also wonder if some of the good reputation is from the much more expensive UPSs sold by APC.		I would definitely suggest TESTING your UPS & noting any problems & contacting tech support while under warranty. For example, with the new battery, my original unit shows a normal green light & the Mac software shows 100% battery. If I pull the plug, it will drop the load in 15 seconds rather than run my system for 15-25 minutes. So to the novice it can APPEAR as if it is functioning properly when it is actually acting as a very heavy, expensive power strip.
1,Poorly made.  Some of them were already torn when they arrived.
1,Cons-	1- I don't like that the setup tries to force me to go through a third party for setup, I feel this should not be necessary. (I set up my HP server and the internet is an option that I don't have to use at all if I don't want to and I don't need an internet site to administer my server) If this is to be novices then it should be simplified without the internet involvement.	2- The setup cd is not a branded cd but is just a blank cd with" Stora setup" written on it. This may only be for the vine though?	3- I don't like the idea of opening any internet ports to anyone, I don't want something nasty showing up in my computer or network. I don't feel I have enough trust in this unit or the company.	4- I find this unit very confusing; I don't like administration UI at all and only found this by accident because I didn't want to open any ports.	5-My TV isn't compatible to hook this up to, it would be nice if there were a hdmi or some other kind of TV hookup.	6- No sleep mode here yet. (My HP server does have sleep mode though it doesn't always work but that's another story)	7 - I would like some choice over what I want with another hard drive, I may not want RAID for that but there is no choice here.		Pros--	Automatic backups	It looks good appearance wise	USB port for another hard drive	1TB of storage	In summary I wouldn't recommend this to a beginner or novice, it is much too confusing and I feel there are better storage options that don't have this confusing internet interface to deal with if you don't have the desire to use the internet for access.
1,This is ok for a month or 2 then people said they can't hear me too well so I threw it out.
1,Can't get the ViZIO system to work, The remote probably is not the problem, but can't tell for sure.  At this time I wouuldn't recommend the VIZIO sound bar.  This company is not a problem performed as expected.  If you have a functioning VISIO sound system getting this remote would probably be fine.
1,I was low on DVDs when I ordered, and when I finally opened the spindle I was outside the return window.		These disks are labelled as stated, but they are only 4.3 GB DVD. I have tried them in 3 Windows computers, and a Ubuntu computer. All 4 systems report them being only 4.3GB.		Not happy with the product, and will not recommend any AmazonBasics consumable product.		Product not as advertised despite package labelling.
1,Maybe I'm having a bad monitor but I got 2 of these for a 3d rig.		The good:		Comes with speakers	LOVE the adjustability (you can adjust any which way, including turning the entire screen vertical).	It's 3D!		The bad:		I've owned these for 2 months now. They've worked fine. I've had small issues like the screen needing MAJOR color adjustments (that's easy to do) but they've worked as expected.		Now 2 days ago the one got a vertical blue line. Right down the right side. Very annoying. Searched google and found it's a line of dead pixels and I'll need to replace the monitor after only 2 months of very very light use ( really only used it a couple times). Luckily the second still works fine....for now.		Then today the speaker stopped working on the good monitor. Luckily all I had to do was turn off and on the monitor for the sound to work again but that's 2 major issues in just 2 days (yes days).		So it seems these don't last long. Google will show there's a lot of people with the same issues.		I also no longer have the box for these and Asus support can only be contacted by email. So now I get to see how well getting a replacement goes (they're def. still under warranty).		I'd recommend going with another monitor. Probably another maker as well.
1,I thought it would be kind of cool to have and have tried it for a couple different things but it just doesn't give you desirable shots.
1,don't buy this hustle.
1,The product is very difficult to force it to remain attached to the back of the PS4. That combines with a very short cord for power make this a subpar product and you should look elsewhere for your cooling needs. DO NOT RECOMMEND
1,The scrolling feature of the hardware is very good.  It's fast and responsive.  The screen is a nice size and bright.  However, the software is a nightmare.  It synchs everything and anything multiple times and the tags for artist and album are frequently labeled "unknown".  So you have to manually go through each song, (no way to do this as a group) and list the correct info or else you will have a bunch of unknown songs on your player.  If you have a lot of songs, it's too time consuming and unworkable. If you want this player I'd wait for a software fix before buying.
1,So frustrated!		Plugged directly into wall as per instructions -cannot use a power strip- and once the utility was installed into the computer, guess what? The computer started sloowwing waaayyy dooowwwnn. 16GB of RAM should never leave my explorer windows stuttering, but this piece of crap brought my computer to a halt.		Oh yea, froze up my wireless mouse too. Maybe my computer is too close to the plug I thought..but my wife across the room with her laptop and wireless mouse at the exact same time as me had the same problems: a no-responsive mouse. Wouldn't click, scroll, or move around the screen without a 10-20 second delay. Unplugged the little white box and BOOM jamming again.		I really tried to like this thing. It sure promises a lot; Hi-speed (500mps), auto connect installation, energy savings, encrypted connection, but what is that worth when the frequency messes up every mouse in the house? Not to mention my computer as well.		Oh yea, my network speeds...went from downloading 35.63 mps to 4.55 mps...Wow! And uploading from 6.09 to 4.95! I was uploading faster than I was downloading!!		It's going back to sender!
1,Got it configured as an AP client easily using the CD and it seems to work but when trying to access the internal web page 192.168.2.1 for advanced settings, no-go, not possible in any shape form or fashion. Since I can't tweak the advanced settings, I have not installed it for use so cannot vouch for how reliable or useable it might be. Alas, I've had it too long to return so I'll just donate it to Goodwill and let someone else play with it. Some bargain, huh.
1,I replaced an older Garmin unit with this one and was, at first, very impressed with the features and screen functions. Before even using it, I registered the unit and updated the firmware and maps. Upon first use, the unit lost satellite reception three times on a relatively short trip. Thought it must be weather related or just the unit getting oriented. Every trip it did the same thing - the unit would lose satellite reception (using the suction cup on the window - so good visibility to sky and as many as 5 satellites were being received) and the unit would stop for anywhere between 3-10 minutes before it would find reception again. Called the Garmin tech rep who walked me through a reset, reloading firmware, etc. She instructed me that I'm supposed to bring the unit in the house every time I'm not in the car so it won't get cold or hot (get real!). Neither fix change a thing. It may be true that the unit "warming up" contributes to the problem, but I've used Garmin GPS units for over 10 years and rarely had a temperature related problem. Furthermore, the unit works fine when it's cold - the problem can occur any time after I'm starting to use it...randomly throughout the trip (as short as 3 miles) that the unit stops. Can't imagine what confusion this would cause traveling through a big, unfamiliar city. I'm sending the unit back. Amazon was great to work with. Garmin was not! Sorry, Garmin - your products have been "my only GPS" for all these years, but I think we're getting a divorce!		A follow-up. I returned the unit (great service from Amazon) and gave Garmin another try with a less expensive unit. The Nuvi 255W was significantly less expensive and has been totally reliable - even when very cold. And to my surprise it features nearly all the same things the 1300 had except the lifetime maps. By the way - I've never taken the 255W in to put it to bed at night! (as suggested by the Garmin tech to correct the intermittent satellite problem with the 1300!)
1,I purchased this Panasonic Blu-Ray DVD player about 3 months ago, on the strength of Panasonic's reputation as a trusted name.		The problems I have had with it are:	-it locks up frequently where I can't turn it off, eject a disk or play a disk without unplugging the player (not convenient)	-I was, for a short time, able to play content from my Kindle Fire, watching videos and using playlists stored on the Kindle; when I lost this capability, I called customer service (more on THAT below), I was told that this is a glitch that sometimes happens - the system is NOT supposed to access a Kindle or Iphone, but occasionally it does; the glitch is that it sometimes DOES work, not that it DOESN'T.  I was excited when it worked, very disappointed when it didn't.	-The specs say that it can be controlled from your home computer network; this is not entirely true.  Only with Windows 7; not with any other Windows operating system.	-Customer service is LOUSY!  I waited about 20 minutes for the first respondent; he didn't know what a Kindle Fire was so he told me he couldn't help me with my question.  I tried On-Line Chat twice; got disconnected once; on the second try, I waited about another 20 minutes before I got a representative.  In the meantime I called the 800 number and got another rep who at least told me about the "glitch" that occasionally let Kindles and Iphones work with the system.		All in all, I'm more disappointed in the service more than the product.  When their follow up survey called, I gave Panasonic a poor reference.  I would not purchase another Panasonic product based on their poor customer service.		<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Panasonic-DMP-BD87-Ultra-Fast-Booting-Blu-ray-Disc-Player/dp/B00752R4S2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Panasonic DMP-BD87 Ultra-Fast Booting Blu-ray Disc Player</a>
1,I work in a WW position and frequently do early morning and late night conference calls from home to accomodate different time zones.  This headset will work fine for one call, and inexplicably not work for the next call.  It's typically the microphone that goes out.  It has been an incredible drain on my productivity and credibility with coworkers (am I really having headset issues, or just late for the call?).  It should be recalled.  I am disappointed because I love the Logitech mice that I have. and I thought Logitech made quality products.  I will certainly never buy from them again.
1,Easy to follow instructions, which do not connect the unit so that it works without dropping connection. I would suggest if at all possible stay with a wired connection to your router for internet.  Directv was no help in resolving the problem.  Read the forums about intermittent dropping of wireless internet connection on Directv before investing the money.
1,This may be a fine product, but I couldn't get it to work for me.  If I hook it up between my PC and monitor, it works fine.  But when I hook it up to my TV, it doesn't???  I got shorter cables to work on the TV, but not this 25Ft one.  Maybe I need a better quality.  Also, when I plug in the audio cable, my PC monitor goes all snowy.
1,It Broke the 1st time I used it
1,If they had spent as much effort in creating a quality product with sound to match their packaging, then these would be killer headphones. But, as it turns out, the sound is mediocre. It is bass-heavy without the mid-tones or higher tones popping out in the mix.		These head-phones are over-priced for what they deliver.		I am disappointed.
1,Right out of the box neither would hold a charge for much more than a half a day and that is just after sitting with no use. The battery display has three bars, but both cams started freezing up at one bar. It will probably run fine as long as its plugged in, but I don't want a cord in the middle of my windshield or mount this thing low and obstructing my view. If they would hold a charge and not freeze these would be great for the price and be worthy of five stars.
1,This unit cannot extract audio from hdmi arc enabled channel of television, because its hdmi port is not arc enabled. arc means audio return channel.
1,Remote was supposed to be "Refurbished" Im not sure on how the process works but I was unable to use the remote until spending a hour on the phone with Logitech. Only to find out that the remote was still attached to someone else account and the remote could not be set up on two accounts. After having to explain to Logitech this item was just bought on amazon and was supposed to be refurbished Logitech corrected the issue. This Item should have never been sold as "Certified Refurbished" it was still on someone else's account. I have bought another refurbished remote before from a different seller with no trouble but I won't do it again.
1,Kayalu is not part of RAM, and the quality is not as good. The bar is not as thick as it appears to be in the photos, the black section in the middle is a cheap plastic cover that goes over a thin, flimsy, flexible rod, which results in such bad camera shake from not being stiff or thick enough that the footage is all but useless.		Don't waste your money on this. You are better off buying the genuine RAM mounts extenders.
1,The product comes with no instructions, so I followed detailed instructions on youtube. After installing, nothing worked. I uninstalled it and installed it several times and the iphone still did not work. Finally, I took it to a store and they told me that the touch screen was no good. I would have paid $65 to go to the store to replace the broken screen. Now, I had to pay over $100 to correct the damage and I ended up only with the screen. I am not even sure I can get my money back, although Amazon is extremely good refunding money for bad products
1,Didn't work had to return it. Was opened package.
1,Does not fit DL180 Gen 5 - totally wrong notch location. Returned for refund. In the photos, the A-Tech is on the top and the OEM HP RAM is on the bottom. I flipped it around to show it's not an orientation issue, it just doesn't fit.
1,Piece of crap! Any kind of movement and it gets blurry.
1,I should not have had to purchase this handy device for my Uniden phone. This is very delicate and the wire connected to the earphone piece can pullout over time causing the unit to fail. I am going to reinforce this connection and hope I can get more years of use from it. Uniden failed in it's design with a nonstandard (< 1/8") jack. Also, the boom mike piece should not be moved as well.		Update 11/2015 Product has failed, internal wiring shorting out. Please don't waste your money
1,This thing is cute but it's basically a tiny piece of junk. Has an effective range of 10 feet. Might as well use a cord.
1,Keeps coming off my ears and at maximum volume the sound is just ok, until I start moving which causes the speakers to come off my ears. Not remotely a snug fit. Returning them to Amazon as I type this.
1,This is slow, drags between activities, and failed with the MAIN reason I bought it.  Basically, I bought it to back up pics on vacation.  I have a camera  card reader that has a micro USB attachment (the only input that this device has).  So, I plugged in my micro USB card reader multiple times at home to test it.  All was well.  Then, I bring it to vacation and suddenly it's telling me my pics are corrupted and totally freaks me out.  None of my pics were corrupted - and the guy at the hotel front desk confirmed that (as did I when I got home).  Also, this is very heavy for the size...I'm used to an iPhone weight / density - and this is much more dense.  Oh - speaking of iPhone - here is a good use for this tablet if you travel:  There is a "workaround" that will let you use the "find my iphone" website which you can read about online. The other thing is that it lets you encrypt the whole device pretty easily, which is good again if you are traveling.
1,Total junk - I threw it away!
1,Was recomended for the cord I purchased but was too flimsy
1,too loose for the Rode boom pole i purchased. they slide up and down the pole so what's the point? sent back
1,I purchased this remote at an EXCELLENT price from Amazon, as usual (GRRR8 Prices and Service), to interoperate with my Samsung LNT4671F, Samsung DVD and Dish HD receiver. Anyway, I have to report that to date this has been my "MOST" disappointing purchase ever on the web or else wise. The remote was super easy to configure but from day one I noticed that the software driven remote was not as intuitive as I'd hoped for and in 2 - 3 weeks the remote just plain didn't work; it froze up and one point I had to take the battery out. Eventually it just didn't work AT  ALL. Bottom line is the Harmony 1000 has GRRRR8 "Potential" but so does a rock at the top of a steep hill.		Thank GAWD for Amazon's return process. They made returning this "item" as EZ as pie. Thanx AMAZON. I think I'll stay away from this remote. I did some research at one of my favorite local places to "look" and was told that as far as Harmony remotes went, my BEST bet was to stay away from the touch screen Harmony "1000" (maybe next release) and that I should have better luck with the Harmony 890. If I should make that purchase I'll keep ya'll posted. Texas is CRAZY about AMAZON.Com.  ;}
1,Worked ok at first.  My older Linksys E1000 had less features but gave top speed for what it was rated.  This Netgear WNDR4000 N750 was slower in speedtests than the E1000 even though the Netgear was rated as the faster model.  The worst part is the Netgear N750 died and became a brick at 35 days (5 days past return window). I will not be getting another Netgear, stick with Linksys/Cisco from now on.
1,Stopped working after about a month. Really disapointed, I've got friends who have used this brand and swear by it. But in my case the reader stopped reading the SD cards after about 5 weeks.
1,stopped working after a few handful of uses, not charging on either
1,It worked for a few seconds then all the functions stopped working. Wasted 5 minutes trying to get it to work.  Feels and looks cheap.  Dont waste your money shipping it.
1,I am disappointed with the quality of this stereo microscope, price taken into consideration. (see photos)		Yes, it is possible that other customers received a superior product than what I supplied, but judging from the construction of this low power microscope, suspect most of the products that have been manufactured are simply junk, attempting to look like a quality offering.		1) The two optical paths (porro prisms) are not geometrically aligned with each other, as such the binocular images do not precisely overlap and onto. This registration differential between the left and right images being very noticeable at just 20x magnification, using the 10x eyepieces, the two images being off by 0.35 mm in the y-axis, and 0.2mm in the x-axis. At 50x magnification, using the 25x eyepiece, this large optical alignment error being completely unacceptable, and as such the 50x magnification for all practical purposes, not a usable magnification level with this instrument.		2) The optical power of the two 10x eyepieces are not the same and off by about 2.898% in magnification, this determined by measuring the size of a scale hash mark. Since the optical paths are of different in power with the left at 10x (control) and right 10.29x, in addition to not being aligned to the same object location, the user observes a slightly different field of view (FOV) for the left and right image. After a few minutes of use, resulting in headaches and sore eyes from induced cockeyed vision created by misaligned optical paths and the non overlapping of images with unequal magnification scale.		3) It is not possible to independently focus the two paths (eyepieces), with one path remaining fixed, the other path being adjustable.		4) The 25x eyepieces are the cheapest I have ever seen and held in my hands and not be called a toy. The optical elements housed in very cheap plastic barrels.		5) The I.D. tolerance of the eyepiece barrel tubes being such that the 25x eyepiece is neither secure, or remains in place, wobbling at the slightest touch or bump of the cheeks.		6) Since this microscope was not designed to accommodate a 25x eyepiece, as wrongly claimed by the seller, was not from the start, designed, or from measured inspection of the device ever intended to have the necessary mechanical tolerances to work well with a 25x eyepiece.		7) The design of the two eyepieces being so deferent in build material to print type on the barrel has me suspecting that the 25x eyepiece is not an official part of the instrument. The seller pretending from the add to suggest that the 25x power eyepiece is of equal build quality as the 10x eyepiece shown in the advertisement and blatant attempt to misrepresent the item, else the seller would have shared images in the advertisement the difference between the two, or clearly state that the second set of eyepieces are not official items.		8) Since the 25x eyepieces are not of the same build dimension as the 10x power eyepiece, the rubber eye cups to shield the user from stray light only fit the 10x eyepieces. The rubber cups falling off, being too large in diameter to remain attached to the 25x eyepieces.		9) The rack and pinion focuser does not have a fiction adjustment knob or screw, and as such, the microscope head drifting down some and out of focus once set and the knobs let go of.		10) The base, deceptively and in perfect Chinese style, made to look like metal, though nothing more than a cheap piece of modeled plastic.		11) The microscope was sent in a box that does not match the item being sold, the box stating that the product is a 20x microscope with no discussion on the box or included user guide of the device being of sufficient quality grade and design to accommodating or work well with the pure junk 25x eyepiece supplied.		12) The Lambertian like sample/slide plate easy to fall out less using the slide clips to retain the plate.		Just about everything about this transaction, from the seller's advertisement to the product, thus remaining true to typical unethical Chinese standards, boarding on the edge of fraud, via a willful attempt not to fully disclosing the true nature of the entire product set being sold.		This purchase being another example of why I very much, do not like to buy items sight unseen. The Amazon business model, and predicated almost solely on obsessive compulsive selfish greed (perhaps an epigenetic factor), void of consumer respect, structured to displace (disrupt to be chic) or more correctly destroy traditional bricks and mortar retailers, leading to the consumer having to accept greater risk when making purchases. In someways, returning to the time of the sight unseen Sears catalog days of the 1890's. Except, unlike Jeff Bezos (Amazon CEO), I suspect Sears back at that time had more ethics and respect for the customer.		Minus 1.0 for misaligned porro prisms, thus optical paths and final image.	Minus 0.5 for this product not being designed (mechanical tolerance) to operate with 25x eyepieces.	Minus 0.5 for the very low build quality of the 25x eyepieces.	Minus 0.5 for optical power mismatch between left and right 10x eyepieces.	Minus 0.5 for item not being supplied in a box that matches the product advertisement.
1,A gps that took 20 minutes to find the satellite. I arrived at my destination before it found the satellite.  This thing was so,lost, I was flying over buildings .  Very slow and the traffic gadget is not accurate.
1,Okay for close up but not good at In low light or distance.  Not worth the price.
1,I guess I have to concur with the commenter that said it was cheap factory assembly.  My power switch was actually installed backwards, so ON was CHARGE and vice-versa.  They asked if I wanted another one when I called Celestron (...).  So now I'm waiting probably 2 weeks for them to ship me another one and I have a star party tomorrow.  I guess I will also have to concur with the commenter that said not to rely on it, but in this case don't rely on it being correctly assembled the first time.
1,At the beginning it work fine except sometimes the body would not recognize te battery, remove and replace tended to fix ths, after about three months qute working, threw it away and bought original Nikon, nine month later the OEM is still working
1,I got these on Woot and they are okay, but they do magnify which I don't like. The worst part however is that they are fingerprint magnets. Clean them with cleaner and then NEVER touch them. You can't just wipe them with your shirt, it won't come clean.
1,Arrived broken. Might work for a bit but this isn't going to last too long before these wires snap.
1,Taking it back.  Watching Mentalist season 4 and my wife and I noticed some choppiness, sort of like animation where you see people walking, or doing things and it is not flowing, smooth.  Restarted the disc and was fine for a bit and then the animation started in again... video which reminded me of early film reels that did not have nice flowing actions, and this is merely walking and stuff.  Pulled the plug and put our LG Blu-Ray player back on our HDMI to the TV and watched the same DVD episode that flowed smoothly.  Nothing wrong with our current LG Blu-Ray DVD player, I merely wanted to be able to play my bought Amazon Instant Videos on my TV rather than just on the PC.  I was HOPING that I could also see the sub-titles like you can on your computer at Amazon Instant Video, but no cigars.  No closed captioning or subtitles so it is little use for me (hard of hearing)		Video was not smooth on the Sony, and was superior in rendition and smoothness on the LG.
1,Typical in that:	1) You need one	2) It doesn't work		Oh sure, it "works" in the sense that it covers the screen, but it's very, very fragile. Again, I just bonked my camera against something rather lightly and the protector shattered at the latch mechanism. So, now the screen is not protected for the rest of the trip.		I only use the Nikon brand ones (till they break) when they come as bundled items with my camera. Then I buy knockoffs which are always	- Cheaper,	- More rugged (never broken a knockoff one),	- and usually better optically.		$20+ is a lot for a sacrificial device when you can get permanent ones for $6.
1,Did not work as expected. It only allowed me to use two different screen resolutions. I'm on a new MacBook Pro on El Capitan. I own another VGA adapter by another manufacturer that works great. I bought this as a backup and for travel purposes, but I can't depend on it since it restricts me to low resolutions. I don't understand why it doesn't work, but it doesn't, so I'm returning it. I guess you get what you pay for.
1,Worked for one week.  No manufacturer information to be found anywhere on this item.  Another piece of junk from China.
1,I must be missing something.  It was easy to mount, and the reticulation is great, but getting an iPad in and out is s nightmare.  Why isn't it just an easy clip in?  To remove the iPad, you have to twist the screws on the back of the frame, jiggle it open, and take out the iPad.  To put it back in, you have to slip it in, jiggle the frame corners back in, then re-tighten the screws.  And it still constantly loosens in the frame and I have to re-tighten.		Could I possibly be doing it wrong?  It's so solid except for this clunky attach mechanism.
1,It was a mistake ordering these battery for my YI lite action camera Not compatible at all
1,I received my dbtech Tape Converter.  I have a lot of cassettes that my father made that I wanted to convert for my kids to enjoy.  However, the instructions are obviously written by a Chinese person with English as a second language, and the font is lke a 2!!  so small, even with glasses I had trouble reading it.  I downloaded Audacity, started recording the first tape.  Thought I had saved it in my itunes file and went on to the next.  After I tried to export that one, I realized that the first one didn't save, and now I can't save the second tape.  Can someone tell me how to save it to mp3?  I have Windows 7.	Probably would have bought a fancier and more expensive unit had I known how hard this one is to use. May still have to.
1,will not buy again, looses contact when you swivel to different positions must be a bad connection at the rotation point. I like the idea but this is not a high quality product.
1,I had high hopes for these because the walkie-talkies worked so well, but I was very disappointed when I found an unacceptable volume drop and voice quality degradation using these attachments. Returned for refund without delay. Nothing against the company, only this particular item.
1,Total garbage....Don't waste your money...Does not work and no support....
1,Not Kastar brand or even like picture. It's thicker larger like the old style Dell with the half round ends
1,Very cheap and uncomfortable
1,I bought two of these Fuji FinePix F750EXR's for Christmas gifts because of the great price. These originally sold for about $350 and I got them for around $145. Unfortunately, the one I opened up and tried out could not clearly focus to save it's life. 98% of the pics were unacceptable and blurry.  My $75 digital point and shoot camera put it to the shame. I can't believe a camera of this brand, price, and metal build could be so bad, so I'm going to assume that the one we got was defective. I immediately sent the other one back as well, not wanting to take a chance on it after what happened for the first one. This may be a great camera if you get one, I wouldn't know. But this does say something about Fuji's quality conrol.
1,Failed out of the box. Can not read on either our Dell or Asus laptops (using USB 2 or USB 3 ports).
1,...when you have to have a data recovery service rescue your data after a fatal head crash following just a few months of standard usage.		That's exactly what happened with our MyBookLive 2 TB, and yes, I know it's entirely our fault for not keeping a backup. So I can't legitimately claim that anyone else should reimburse us that $3,000 - but what I can do is offer other people a chance to "learn from my fail." I have owned more hard drives than I can remember, and I have never seen any other one fail this catastrophically before. Avoid it at all costs.
1,[Note] this is an updated and revised review of one originally posted in August of 2013. At the time this product was rated 4-stars. Since then, things have changed and if you are interested in spending this much for a remote there are some things you need to know.		First and one of the more annoying things is that much too often, sometimes a couple times a month, you will reach for the remote and find it unresponsive. You know, just when you want to turn the TV on for the big game or an important news story. Why? Because a "firmware update" is needed. You have no choice but to take the remote to your computer, which often is in another room, plug it in, find the software app, navigate it to the right location and wait anywhere from 5-15 minutes for the update, then wait some more while you synchronize the remote. While Logitech should be commended for trying to keep their device current, they require it much too often and the process is much too cumbersome. And they give you no idea why the update is needed. I could be something as simple as someone forgot a period at the end of a sentence.		The other experience learned recently is that don't EVER buy a new router and expect it to work with this remote. Understandably the Ultimate Hub will not recognize it, but unlike your smartphone or tablet in which you simply enter the new network name and password there is absolutely no option to do that with this device. This simple common action is nowhere to be found in the Logitech help files. If you dig very deeply you will find a vague reference resetting it by walking your hub over to your computer, plugging it in to the USB port and keeping it plugged in while you unplug it and plug it into the AC adapter. HUH? Then it tells you it can't find the hub. Of course it can't find the hub, you have a new router and it won't let you tell it where to look for it. Their solution? They tell you to move the hub closer to the computer. Who came up with that idea? What if your router is 2 floors down in another room? What will "moving the hub closer to the computer do"? Apparently the technical writer assigned to this product doesn't know the difference between a router and a computer.		While Logitech doesn't tell you this, if you dig deep into their app on your smartphone (IF you happen to have a smartphone) and can figure out where to look there is an archaic method of having your phone "call" the hub via Bluetooth and tell it you want to use it with a new router. Does Logitech just assume that people will NEVER want to buy a new router? The process is long and cumbersome and once you finish it asks if you want to have it restore your settings, you know, those settings that took you an hour to make originally. The only option is yes. There is no way to choose to enter your settings manually. So when I clicked "next" it restored must have been my neighbor's settings because they are for an entirely different, and incompatible, model of remote control set to control components that are not even in my system. Now the remote control doesn't work at all, just a screen with the model number on it and all the buttons are dead. A $350 remote control rendered useless.		Another learning experience is that if you want to make the slightest change to the way the remote controls your devices it will erase your favorites settings, the ones it took you 30 minutes to set up. Every time! It tells you it's going to do it but doesn't give you any options or choices. It just does it.		The Harmony Ultimate is the perfect example of a product that is designed and marketed by people who work in little windowless cubicles under controlled environment conditions. Their lack of understanding of how real people use their products is laughable. If you are serious about buying this product, skip over the sugar-coated 5 star reviews and read the 1 and 2 star reviews. The negatives are consistent throughout and will tell you how poorly this product is designed.		While it has nothing to do with this particular product I admit I have lost all confidence in Logitech. The expensive Logitech keyboard I bought failed after a short time; their top-of-the-line mouse failed (they admitted it was a design problem but refused to replace it because they would not accept a copy of the receipt instead of the original which I no longer had); and the Logitech mouse I replaced it with failed in less than 6 months and is useless.
1,The remote works. But using the mouse on the remote is so frustrating you will feel like throwing the remote out of the windows.
1,Would never sync with wife's iphone 7.	Previous bluetooth earbuds could wander about 30 ft before cut out, these about a foot.	They would crackle and cut out most of the time.	Returned
1,Right out of the package I was disappointed.  Not sure if I got a used set, or there just isn't any quality control - but see attached picture and you can see the scratched outside of the lens.  The lens was not compromised, so that is good.  I also only received 2 lenses, the Fisheye and the Macro lens.  In all honesty, I did not see a difference when using the macro lens.  It does attach super easy and anyone would be able to "install" one if you bought one.  The fisheye lens was really cool, I had been wanting one for a while now  and I am super happy with it despite all the scratching on the frame of the lens.  Cant test the third, because it wasn't in my package.  I take TONS of pictures with my phone, typically prefer it over my $700 camera.  It is a note 4 and again, the attachment was super easy to situate on the phone and I had no issues.  I really really wanted to like this - because the kit is great, and convenient in its little package.  But I cant in good faith give it a good review when it showed up scratched the way it did and missing a lens.  I was able to purchase this product at a discount for my honest review.
1,It pushes my head so hard, that I can not use it. I have a physical pain on my ears after wearing it for about an hour. Too much of pressure per area.	I know that it is designed on purpose for sports, not to fall from a head while running. But this is not acceptable, it causes lots of pain!
1,I have never had a complete package of cables be DOA. Actually I don't remember even one being dead out of package in my life. The only reason this gets a one and not a zero is that AMAZON is taking them back.		I boight these as a pure test to see if i wanted to change the corporation's cables over. I also purchased another competitors product on the same order and they are working wonderfully. Unfortunately I can't post any real data about performance because after several carging ports and computers, I gave up trying to get any of these cables to work and contacted Amazon. I'm pretty sure they have that WARNING  disclaimer to trick people because their own product is so poorly made and they clearly have zero product checking as it leaves the factory.		OVERALL RECOMMENDATION: DONT WASTE YOUR TIME. I highly recommend that Amazon remove this product from their website.
1,I returned this item because it was just not big enough for my SLR.  I have two lenses, neither is huge.  I tried to fit the camera with one lens on and another off, plus flash and a few other gizmos.  Everything was too tight.  There were several pockets inside the flap allegedly for accessories (they mentioned filters), but my filters, my notebook, my lens tissue -- none fit!  They make some dubous claim about strapping on a tripod, but they don't mean a professional tripod, I guess.	I'll try the larger model and see if things are better.
1,I bought a handful of different Mini DisplayPorts from different vendors on Amazon. This was the only one that never worked. Others were imperfect in other ways but they did work. Stay away.
1,This is definitely not worth the money. If you think this screen will  black out if someone stands 3 feet on either side of the screen forget it! For example if someone stands say 4 feet behind you and 3 or 4 feet to your left or right they will be able to tell that you have an IE window open easily!! It may be a little fuzzy but they can clearly tell what you have open.  Another words, you don't have to be directly in front of the monitor to see your screen. No privacy there!  Maybe my expectations were too high but I had a privacy screen before this one but my screen was updated at work to a bigger screen so it wouldn't fit and a new one of the same kind cost more than the new monitor so I got stuck with this thing! Too bad!
1,Why two stars? not one? All and all the Tomtom 130 is a pretty good toy. But I made a simple mistake - ordered a wrong model. Mistake was made because of a POOR PRODUCT DETAILS  information.	 After I received my Tomtom, and played with it for a couple of days I discovered that it is not compatible with a "text to speech" feature which I was particularly looking for.	 I called Amazon customer services with a question if and how can I upgrade me product for a different model with a "text to speech" feature (with paying a difference if needed). I was sent to the store that sent me my product (car toys.com). I called there, and found it not as pleasant and easy as I expected it. So I called back to Amazon with a hope to get better help (that, well known "great" customer service), since I made my purchase there. As a result I was told that I have to deal with those people on my own even if I bought there product on Amazon.com.	I thought you should know what problems you might face when you buy a third party product using Amazon.com
1,I bought the TX-SR608 to run my 7.1 Speaker system and to switch 3D between PS3 and Directv receiver. No go - at present - per tech at Onkyo - The TX-SR608 has no firmware update to pass threw the Directv signal properly. It comes up as a split 2-screen irritating view on my new Sony KDL-55HX800 (Which is great in 3D). So for now it is a no go for 3D.
1,These cables are flakey and cheap. Spend the money and buy a better grade cable The cable is not reliable and the plastic clips break easily.
1,After using for a while, I'm upset with upper and lower case in wrong positions.  Would not buy again! Just pisses me off.
1,TO MAKE THIS SIMPLER I AM GOING TO NUMBER THE TOP TEN REASON YOU SHOULD NOT BUY THESE SPEAKERS BEWARE BUYER. I ASK YOU PLEASE NOT TO BUY THESE BUT IF YOU NEED TO BE EXPLAINED WHY HERE IT IS:		1) As soon a I open to speakers they were BARELY wrapped. The packaging was HORRIBLE.		2) i thought thjat the quality would be good but when i plugged them in its all crackle noise even when not even loud terrible quality		3) As soon as I took them out water leaked.		4) I plugged them in to see if they worked and one of the speakers WOULD NOT SHOOT WATER!
1,This is advertised as a real Sandisc 32 GB micro SD card. It isn't. It doesn't say San Disc anywhere on it. When I put it in my computer the first time it allowed me to supposedly put 20 GB of music on it but today when I put it in my htc Inspire 4G phone, the phone said it didn't have an SD card in it. SO I put it back in my computer and nothing is there. I tried to format it (it said it was a 8 GB card) but my computer wouldn't let me format it. I read about these bogus SD cards AFTER I placed my order but just kept my fingers crossed. Let's see how this company handles its returns. But I would be suspicious of anything these guys sell.
1,The bottom case started cracking. I have never dropped. Its always on my bed. It has been just 2 weeks since I bought. I never expected this!! Laptop doesn't close well too. Waste of money!!
1,It is very difficult to get AA batteries to stack. Forget about AAA. I do not recommend this product for those sizes.
1,One of LG's worst headsets. I used to be a loyal fan with the initial 700 series and then with the 730 series. Both were very reliable for me and worked great through rough working conditions. Well I was excited to see the local Walmart and Best Buy carry the this set because I figured if anything went wrong I could go replace them much easier. I'm now on my fourth set in 6 months and I'm not buying any others. After wearing these for 1-2 months while working outside and sweating they will begin to loose their ability to charge. Also, LG went really cheap and stopped providing a charger. But I've tried different cords and chargers and the LED doesn't light up any more. I know people can say it's my fault for the water contamination but I've never had these issues for the couple years I used the earlier 700 and 730 series. Not all of us work in an air conditioned office environment. LG has really let me down.
1,Poor quality hard to use and set up
1,I bought this battery and received it on May 23, 2016 to replace a Ritar battery with the same exact specs and amp hours to use with my HillBilly light weight electric golf cart, because in the FIFTH SEASON of using the Ritar battery, it wouldn't go a full 18 holes anymore. The Ritar battery, started slowing down at about the 16th hole so I had to turn off the cart and push it the last 2 or 3 holes.		I used this Universal Battery for 5 months until golf season ended here in Colorado November 2016. I Put it on a 2 amp automatic charger after every use and had it on the trickle charger all winter. This Spring, it worked ok the first few times I used it, until it started slowing down around the 16th hole. It's basically performing the same as my 5 year old Ritar battery after only 6 months of use.		There was no contact information for Battery Supersite, so I called the manufacturer, Universal Power Group whose rep agreed that the battery should last " at least 3 years used with HillBilly Golf cart only drawing 2 amps. They told me I had to pursue the warranty claim with Battery Supersite and gave me their phone #. I called them 3 times over the course of a week and never got an answer, only a voice message. I left a message each time, but never got a response.		I called Amazon, who didn't get an answer from them while I waited on hold. This is the same number that they post on their website for sales. No answer. The Amazon rep emailed BSS with my complaint and I got an email from BSS wanting more information. I emailed them back with the information they requested and I got another email from them telling me about 5 different reasons ( running a golf cart for 18 holes would permantly damage the plates and the battery and other such BS) that would make them not honor the warranty, and that I had to mail the battery back to them, insured, at my expense. I went to the USPS website and entered the dimensions, weight and destination and it totalled $32.63. For a $40 battery that they pretty much told me wouldn't meet their warranty requirements.		I emailed them back and told them I didn't want to pay for the return shipping, and that the Golf Cart manufacturer told me the way they handled any battery warranty claims, was to have it tested at an Autozone and email them the results. I also told them that the golf cart manufacturer said that there was plenty of cushion in a 22 amp hour battery for their cart and theirs (Ritar with HillBilly Sticker on top ) usually lasted 3-4 years. My Ritar lasted 4.5 years and still will go as long as the Universal one after 6 months - 16 holes.		I asked BSS if there was another way to effect this warranty. I told them I didn't mind sending it back but asked them to send me a pre-paid mailing label which wouldn't cost them as much as it would me. Also I asked them about having it locally tested and to please get back to me and let me know how to proceed.		I never received a response, so after 5 days I called Amazon again and Amazon gave me a credit.		Amazon is great! Battery Supersite is the worst!
1,Too slow. Wished I would have never bought it. Working with it becomes a pain. Thought that my AC router would help increase the speed, but no.
1,I bought this item to move instructional VCR cassettes to my computer, and then onto DVD format so I can continue to learn from them, but when you try to record the system refuses to do so. They do NOT tell you this on the description. The only thing this device can be used to transfer is home videos. Useless for me.
1,I noticed my motherboard on my MacPro has a red CPU led and that led came on when I plugged my monitor into my graphics card via display port. DVI nor HDMI does not cause a similar issue. I was running three monitors off the card, so I need both DVI ports and the display port working.	It turns out my displayport cable I bought from Amazon (Mini DP to DP Cable, Rankie 6FT Gold Plated Mini DisplayPort to DisplayPort Cable 4K Resolution Ready (Black) - R1105 apparently was not made to spec.		Pin 20 was feeding 3.3v back into my graphics card when it should have no connection. This caused the warning indicators on the motherboard to light up. And now I have a bad video card!		The spec clearly states:	3.2.2 DP_PWR Wire A standard DisplayPort cable must have no wire for the DP_PWR pin. Only captive cables supplied with cable powered Branch Devices or cables permanently attached to Sink Devices are permitted to have the wire for DP_PWR. These captive/attached cables must have a standard DisplayPort plug connector (as specified in Section 4.2.1- VESA.org) on one end only. The other end must either be permanently attached or have a custom connector.
1,These sit weird. They are never in a "good" position on the head. If you tilt your head forward, they will fall.
1,not a good quality
1,I watched dozens of videos about QNAP and thought it was a remarkable brand.  That was until I tried to contact them.  Their hardware might be great but what good is that if there is no one behind the scenes to support it?  I spent nearly 2 weeks trying to make contact with ANYONE and got nowhere.  I emailed their pre-sale department, called and got a recording that made it appear that some dude was handling their inbound calls, I tried an online tech support session that times out after 20 minutes and then I got frustrated and started hitting them up on Twitter.  It was only AFTER I sent emails to Taiwan, Germany and the Netherlands that I got the attention of some US based sales people and then came a level of unprofessionalism that sold me on one thinggo with Synology.  I called them today and got through to a live person on the very first phone call.  However, I will say that I got a return phone call from a man named Michael, only to speak to him for 20 minutes and discover he was with the wrong department I was trying to contact.
1,Did not work out of the box.
1,An ok cable which appears to be good quality, but sometimes works, sometimes not. I find it is usually the cables fault, not the display nor the laptop.  I find these work about 50% of the time. Would not buy again.
1,sent back never could get it to work.
