0,Though initially a little frustrating for me to learn how to properly hit and pitch (the first game was not a pretty score), eventually this has become one of my favorite games.  It's pretty lifelike for PS2 graphics.  Almost all aspects of the game are thought out.
0,This game was extremelly fun to play. my only problem was with the lack  of onlone game modes. Dont get me wrong, this game is awesome, BUT i don't recommend playing this game if you have already played bad company 2 as it may bore you a little, It only features "gold" rush, and conquest game modes, and does not have weapon challenged at all. Very good game, just a little seemingly repetetive after a while.
0,Its good game... But it has personal sentimental value to me as me my brother played this in arcade before life fell apart.
0,Perfect game! I bought both versions!
0,Most of the pros and cons have been discussed elsewhere. I noticed, even with the patch, the problems of frame stuttering increased the further into the game I went, culminating in crashes that never took place in the beginning. That issue would be enough for me to rate it as just one star but...		The game makers have done a brilliant job of establishing the atmosphere, using sound and visuals to make the area an alien environment. In this regard, it is at least as good as HL2 and, in some ways, better.		The attempt to bring RPG elements into a FPS, though limited, are successful. Instead of skill points, you work with anomalies to increase your abilities, upgrade your equipment, and improve your weapons. More could have been done with this aspect of the game but its a nice addition. Like RPGs, the game permits wandering through a level, as opposed to following a tightly constrained path. Thus you can do some exploring just to take in the sights.		The use of factions leaves you pondering who, if anyone, to join, but more should have been done with this. Joining a faction ought to unlock more and varied missions. (Btw, recovering the lost rifle of the drunk Duty member is accomplished by taking it off the body of one of the people you encounter and kill.)		I've had no problem killing enemies with headshots but they do become better armored the further you go into the game and that includes helmets.  Grenades (not the tiny ones) are excellent and the Tunder with its grenade launcher can settle a lot of personal issues pretty abruptly ;) For sniping, there are some incongruities - the heaviest hitter appears to be a >silenced< rifle (it ought to have less power for the same caliber). On the other hand, careful use of ammunition for the same weapon makes a difference (standard rounds while walking around the countryside to deal with blind dogs, etc.; armor piercing for dealing with humans) and might be the root of some folks' problems with one shot-one kill situations. Avoid full automatic fire as almost all rounds other than the first will be into the air, particularly with the AK series, unless you are face to face.		The use of the Russian language adds atmosphere but subtitles would have been nice with an option to turn them on and off after you've heard the entire loop.		I like the AI - enemies will flank you, take cover when fired on (or their teammates are). They won't use grenades, though, even when equipped with them. They are affected by being hit, rather than proceeding as if nothing has happened. Their snipers are good and will have you carefully scanning an area before entering it. On the other hand, you begin to count on encountering them in the same places, which is unfortunate. Roaming bands of neutrals and bandits appear, though they seem to follow the same paths.  Considering the locale, there ought to be roaming army, Duty, and Freedom patrols that the player encounters and has to deal with.		If you are a FPS fan, than this is definitely one for your collection.
0,I just came back from Game Stop..		first of all, I'm thinking that I was going to go into tha store and come right back out but HELL NAWL...that aint what happened...		tha store was PACK'd with people trying to get their hands on this game...people of all ages...from 12 year olders (too bad they aint old enough to get it by themselves) to people in their 30's and 40's...I even seen a 60, 70 year old man in there trying to get tha game...LOL		anyway...I finally got my hands on the game...it wasn't a long wait...because I had tha game reserved, so I was in the reserved line and I was behind two people...so I got my game right away...		I paid 49.99 plus tax for this game and I'm not really "playing" tha game right now, as far as completing tha missions but riding around on this bike is worth 49.99 by itself...		This game is (...)!!!!!!!!!"		if you aint got this game...get up off your ass and get it	(...)		This game is the best of 2005...yeah I know 2005 aint here yet but this game is the Best of 2005 already...this game is bumpin...		I am an African-American and to see African Americans all over this game, dat's wassup! The main character is black, everything in this game, I can relate to...this game is bumpin dawg!		F*ck what anybody has to say dawg...get your monkey ass down to your nearest game stop or toys r us or wherever tha hell you get your game and get this game...(...)!!		Peace...
0,A great classic game that is a must for any good gaming collection! I highly recommend it! You will have hours of fun and reminiscing!
0,verygood
0,Thank you. ..
0,This is a great deal because you get the game and the DLC. Spend a few more bucks when you get it home and you have all the DLC and a great game with hundreds of hours of game play. If you're looking for a good RPG, The Elder Scrolls games are where it's at. Enjoy!
0,High quality, good size and storage, just used it for travel shortly after receiving it. I recommend it.
0,love
0,Sometimes I wonder if the NSA is watching me through this camera.  But whatever the case may be, it works great and has given me hours of entertainment with friends and family.  Sports Champions 1 and 2 are my favorite games to play with this.
0,plays as it should came on time
0,This is a great family game, which is nice, since there are few choices for yougsters.  My wife and I have play this with our son, who is 6.  He also plays it by himself.  The game is pretty easy to play and has all the great John Williams music.  It's nice that the game can be played in story mode and played again in free mode to solve other challenges.
0,Still use it 3 years later.
0,When I First Played The Other Three, I Was Very Amazed At How The Game Was Being Portrayed, After That, I Became Addicted To The Other Hitman Series, When I Stumbled Upon This One, I Was Very Impressed About How Intense Hitman Blood Money Was, I Have To Say That This One Is The Best Out Of The Other Three Hitman Series I Have Played And Owned, I would Totally Recommend This Game.
0,I have tried several headphones for both gaming/podcasts/music and this headset is perfect for all three. It feels comfortable for extended gaming times and covers my ears without squishing them (I have medium sized ears). I get the correct directional sounds when I play games on Xbox or PC and appreciate the way it immerses me into the gaming action. For music it sounds pretty good. Granted these were not made for music so the low end is a bit weak but I didn't mark off for that. Those looking for great music audio should look somewhere else.		These were made sturdy enough and feel like they should last, no cheap plastic here. I really love the length of the cable (10 ft?) because I can walk around my desk when listening away from the desk. Finally, the inline amp is a nice feature to have since the controls are at my hip when I clip it to my belt loop. The only thing I haven't really tested was the mic. It works and the wire coil makes for easy adjustment. 4.8 stars rounded up to 5!
0,After 200 or so hours and probably 1,000's of weapons later , I now need to apply for a Borderlands addiction therapy program.		Borderlands at heart is a grinder game, it has that diablo-ish vibe about it that has a never ending quest of finding chest after chest of different gun types.		Yes the story is all in text form and really barely there , but Borderlands is all about looting , farming, shooting stuff and exploration.		It's in no way a talking heads RPG, all of the NPC are little more than statues, but who cares, there's so many things to kill so many things to see and do it online with 4 people at any time drop in drop out , this game is just short of a masterpiece.		Borderlands is a different enough game to really be in its own category.		Remember those times in Fallout3 when you got tired of talking heads and just wanted to shoot stuff? Well Borderlands is that 100% of the time.		The game does start off a bit on the slow side , while you get settled and level up a bit and the quests and missions are locked in at a difficulty , so if you attempt a mission that says "impossible"  you may wanna level up a bit so it will say 'tough' 'normal' or where your a demon killing god 'trivial' difficulty.  You have that freedom.		Not strong enough yet?  well go level up killing random enemies looting chests and come back when you level is higher, its not like Oblivion or Fallout3 AT ALL , the difficulty is locked in .		Also you can keep everything you have after the credits roll and start a new game again, then enemies are even harder this time around.		Really the best play through is the 2nd play through.		Borderlands should be on the shelf of anyone familiar with hardcore grinders type diablo-ish game with the shooter mechanics of halo and COD in a blender.		The guns are tiered in rarity by the color of the text describing the weapon and you'll forever be on the lookout for the legendary Orange text weapons, which I now have 100% of , by way of farming.		Yes farming and duping is in the game, but its still fun , you don't need to do it , but with 17 million plus guns , its a never ending addiction long after the credits roll.		Of course all the weapons have a rock,paper,scissors like effect , with no real one weapon beast of all. One weapon is better than another against certain enemies and so on so forth.		Liquid fast fun online co-op .		The only downside are there are the rather mundane 'fetch' missions and sometimes you can get into co-op games where the kids in the room want nothing more than to smack you for a duel challenge, luckily you can turn off duels in your options so you don't end up in games with nothing but kids who wanna pown you with their latest duped weapon by way of chest farming.		But if that happened either stay or find another room in about 5 seconds .		Easy cheesy on line co-op flawed just short of perfection , yet perfect in every way if that makes sense?		Borderlands a definite buy for the hardcore grinder fan.
0,EVERYTHING WAS AS PROMISED
0,I played this game on a demo, and I was very impessed. The main point in this game is to hide behind stuff and shoot guys. It sounds boring, but it's acually very entertaning. It's sort of like Splinter Cell, but less stealthy. If you like games where you ambush and shoot like a madman don't bother with this game. Otherwise pick it up (or at least rent it). You won't be dissappointed.
0,Mario Baseball is fortunately safe but only because it was a tie.  Sure it has all the elements a good game needs but some of the stuff in here is so annoying.  It has all the main Mario characters with some side ones such as Goomba, Paratroopa, and a lot of other ones.  The hitting system has no targeting system, which means that all you have to care about is the timing and where the batter is standing.  The pitcher only controls the speed of the ball and where it goes.  The game has all kinds of wacky things such as Chain Chomps in the fields, power shots for fielding and batting such as sending a fireball across the field or pitching a curving bananna across home plate.  The baserunning seems like crap at first but it actually works to the extent that you can have your players run and steal when you want them to.  Pitching is kind of hard at first but once you get the hang of it, you'll hear the umpire saying "Strike, out!" all the time.  Each player has unique abilities in the field such as quick reflexes or making a spectacular diving play.  Fielding is so annoying that I just turned it to auto so the comps can do it all for me.  Multi-player is only two player for the exhibition but you can do 4 people in mini-games or in toy field.  Multi-player in exhibition isn't that fun because it's a race to see who can choose all the good players first such as Bowser who can easily get a homerun every time he hits.  They should have a turn based choosing system where one person chooses a guy then the next person chooses a guy and so on and so forth.  This has become so bothersome that me and my brother have designated characters(Like he gets Mario and I get Luigi) when we play against each other.  Exhibition is a regular baseball game(You can change all sorts of options such as innings,mercy,who hits first, and more) with Chain Chomps and Pirahna plants in the field which can turn a single into a double or triple and possibly even a home run.  Challenge is probably the best thing in this game.  You choose a team captain who has preselected team members who fit in that team caaptain's world.  Such as Yoshi having Shy guys and Mario having Piantas.  You play through all the other teams to get ready for the showdown with Bowser.  Each game is 3 innings(Except for Bowser's which is 5 innings) and you get people on the other team if you impress them such as finishing the inning with the enemy team using only 3 batters or just getting a plain hit.  You can play mini-games along the way to get coins to buy items like the power bat which makes you hit farther.  Your players can improve along the way and you can unlock people for exhibition mode if you beat certain difficulties in challenge.  Toy field is where each player tries to get the most coins through fielding, batting, and pitching.  I don't do this mode that much because the enemies know where the ball is going to go before the batter even hits it while you sit there thinking about where the stupid ball is going to go next.  There are a bunch of mini-games from a version of a home run derby to a baserunning coin collector game, each with four difficulties and their own high scores.  Practice is a great way to increase your skills with things such as free batting, pitching, fielding, or if you're just wondering how to do stuff in the game.  Everything from bunting the ball to throwing a super charge pitch.  And you can look at records of exhibition games, challenge, and all the other game modes.  Some of the later difficulties such as the last one are kind of rigged so there's no point in even facing them.  Even though there are only six fields to play on, this game never seems to get boring (Unless you play like 10 hours a day).  Even though it has bad points, it's a great game and a must have.
0,This gift for my grandson fits his 3DSXL perfectly and keeps it safe from sticky hands, a drop, or anything young people might get into the unit.
0,This Alienware Elite Gaming Mouse is a well made and highly customizable gaming mouse! My son has an Alienware gaming laptop that he just loves, so this mouse looked to be the perfect companion for it.		This is a large mouse that took some getting used to, for both my son and I. This performed fine as a basic mouse but it was hard for me to use the programmable features. I might just be too set in my ways since my son had no problem at all. The mouse is quite responsive and can be customized for many of the involved and complicated games he plays.		Recommended!		CFH
0,I love this game! I even bought the guide for it. I want there to be another one, but in till then I just keep playing this one. If your thinking about buying this just do it. For the price is great and the game is very fun.
0,It's probably not possible to write a legit review of an MMO without sampling all that it has to offer beforehand but I'm gonna treat this more like a first impression than a review. I'm also not going to write about voiceovered dialogue or class-specific storylines because other reviewers covered those aspects in sufficient detail, imo.		So far I made one character, a Trooper on the Republic side, and got him to lvl 26. I'm currently wrapping up questing on my 4th planet/moon, Nar Shaddaa. I'm mainly a PvE-inclined player with very little PvP on the side.		I'm gonna start off with a drawback...	The game world(s) so far has a problem in that certain planets feel like they are instanced. Urban environments in particular have this problem. A playable area on a city-planet is divided into several districts and you can take a flying taxi to transport yourself between them but you can't get there on foot or on your vehicle (scooter, etc.) so they really are like islands in a sea of graphically inferior cityscape. There is a physical game space between them that you can look at while flying in a taxi but it isn't accessible. Additionally, certain parts of playable zones feel empty. Not only you don't see anything attackable, for what sometimes feels like miles and miles but there are very few NPCs around that you can interact within those areas, as well.	So far only my starting planet was fully free-roam without any barriers.	Zones are also too restrictive (imo) with where you can ride your scooters/bikes (starting from lvl25) and where you can't.		There is an obligatory quick transport feature. You can transport yourself (basically teleport) to any bind-point that you previously unlocked but only within the planet that you are currently on; it has a 30-min cooldown.	There is no open space travel in TOR. For transport between planets a player has their personal ship, which is obtained at some point in each class' storyline and a galaxy map on the bridge similar to that in Mass Effect. There might also be a system of shuttles (not sure about it) but your personal ship is the most convenient... not to mention you can talk to your companions while on the ship (cantinas are the only other places you can do that) and space combat missions/quests can only be initiated from your ship's bridge.		Your ship doesn't serve well as living quarters (or a home) mainly because its interior can't be customized and its interactivity is limited to companion conversations, transport, and some quest-related stuff... well ok, you can sit in some of the chairs but it only gives you a basic visual effect of (not surprisingly) being sitted in a chair.		Space combat and its reward system right now is also nothing to write home about (main problem being that the space combat itself is on rails). The best part of it is probably upgrading your ship with ship-specific equipment, which can also be crafted by some professions. Unfortunately it doesn't seem to change your ship's external appearance at all...	Bioware stated that this is their main focus right now and from what they said it sounds like they're working on a major overhaul of space combat.		I like crew skills (crafting) in TOR, so far.	Technically, crafting is performed by your companions however you don't see them doing it unless you're on your ship near the workbench. Gathering is also done by your companions although you can perform gathering by yourself if it involves harvesting a node that you found in the world. Nevertheless, some gathering professions don't have nodes and can only be performed by companions. Of course it is you, the master and sometimes an unwilling (or willing, in case you're going dark side) slave driver who chooses which specific items to craft or gather.		There are also a couple things that need to be mentioned here. When you send your companion to do crafting or gathering it takes a minimum of ~1 min for them to finish it (crafting is shorter while gathering takes longer unless, again, it is from a node nearby). Secondly, you have to spend credits for your companion to do gathering (at the level I have it right now it can mean even >500 credits per 1 gathering trip) and again gathering from nodes is an exception in that it's free of charge lol.	Some professions level much slower than others, for instance I have cybertech, scavenging, and underworld trading and for me U.T. levels up several times slower than the others. Finally, I wish the workbenches were more than just a decoration on a ship that you can't even interact with or a mention in the text when you open your crafting window...		Itemization is very similar to WoW... if not actually better.	Gear has primary and secondary stats, gear progression so far is smooth and interesting and feels like upgrades make a difference in combat; variety is also very good. There is cosmetic gear for people who want to RP or play with it. Cosmetic gear and social items have restrictions and can only be bought if your character has a certain social level. Social points are earned while grouping and questing with other players.	A very nice feature are planet-specific commendation badges that can be exchanged for gear or equipment suited for a specific level range of the planet. This system is of course on top of the usual quest rewards, crafted gear, loot, etc.	Gear has modification slots from the very beginning, at first it's just for your weapon(s) but soon (~lvl15) other gear types start having them, too.		Besides social scale your character can progress on the light/dark-side scale, PvP (valor pts), and on the affection scale with specific companions. Unfortunately it's not possible to make your companions so pissed that they stop obeying your orders, temporarily walk away, attack you, or run away for good. It would be great if that was possible, imo.	I'm not 100% positive whether or not there is a space combat-related reputation. I haven't encountered any NPC factions for which you can earn reputation, either.		There is a feature that combines lore info with an achievement system and it's called Codex. Right now it's more of a lore encyclopedia with some tutorial-like entries here and there. Nevertheless, there are achievement categories with counters showing how many and which entries from a specific category you got so far. So, it's not perfect but it shows potential.		Combat is very good; flashy, kinetic, animations are very good, upgrading your gear feels like it makes a difference, and putting points in talents (advanced class stuff) feels like it makes a difference, as well. Stuff that is supposed to be easy is easy and stuff that is supposed to be hard (heroic quests, instances, PvP, etc.)... feels hard.	Boss encounters have extra combat mechanics, etc. It's worth mentioning that most trash mobs and enemies in the world are ranged (on average probably ~80% are ranged)... On more than one occasion groups that I ran with had to use CC to manage fights, even at low levels.	So far I've healed with my Trooper and I have to say healing was quite fun. In fact, all combat mechanics is surprisingly much more fluid than I'd have expected from a newly released MMO (it is basically of the same quality as in WoW).		Probably the biggest issue besides the above mentioned problem with certain planets feeling instanced is (imo) lack of accessible combat log. Floating combat text is in the game so it's not clear why there is no combat log implemented yet although after a PvP match there is a rough combat statistics displayed in a window where you can see how different players performed within different categories (dps, kills, deaths, healing, etc.).		As of now there is no modding support. It isn't a big problem for me at this point in the game but I can understand that it might be an issue for others. The UI, while not very customizable, is well designed and has a nice Starwarsy feel. There are minimized and movable group/raid frames available. They have some degree of customization and look good and so far fulfill their role nicely.		There are other minor issues like for instance the galaxy map and the `landing on a planet' cutscenes might use some graphical improvement. At the end, I give this game a strong 4/5 with a disclaimer that there is easily a potential here for 5 stars (and I don't give 5 stars easily).		edit: the fun factor is supposed to be at 5 stars but it doesn't let me edit that part lol
0,This game is incredible fun and if you are a newcomer i highly recommend it!	The game isn't on par with The original Paper Mario or Paper Mario: Thousand Year Door but its a step up from super Paper Mario.		Things I Liked:	New Sticker Fighting System makes the game feel fresh	Decently Long game takes around 20 hours to beat	3D is cleverly used/ nicely done	The Humor		Things I Disliked:	Lack of Story	No companions	some RPG elements removed such as leveling up stats		They removed some things that many people including myself loved about this series such as companions and leveling up! But that doesn't make this a bad game its more of a simplified version of what paper mario used to be (which isn't a bad thing) the game is still a huge blast and its fun collecting different stickers and learning how to beat certain bosses and finding secrets.		Overall if you are a hardcore Paper Mario fan you might be a bit disappointed but if you want a fun adventure game with a simple turn based fighting then this game is for you!
0,One word...AWESOMEASAWESOMECANGET!!!
0,If there was ever a game that made me cry, apprehensive, uncomfortable, concerned, blown away, yet mystified it was "Beyond: Two Souls."  Very rarely does a movie or game especially for that matter, strike some kind of emotion within me besides thoughtless drool, short bursts of adrenaline, and chaotic reactions.  This game is truly, as most reviewers have mentioned here, a masterful work of art, cinema, and storytelling.		Jodie and Aiden's story, obviously the meat and veg of this game, got me hooked right from the very start.  Their story is set like a complex but achievable puzzle in which you make choices and have to mentally put together the various pieces or playable segments to find out just who Jodie and Aiden really are.  I easily made it through the various staggered arms and legs of this story with wanting more, more, and MORE!  This may sound silly but at various points of this story, I thought Jodie may be a prophet, someone who is gifted, maybe she simply has an imaginary friend, sees dead people or souls, maybe she has telekinetic powers, or maybe she just experiences paranoid delusions of grandeur.  I'm still not exactly sure what they are truly. But to me this is fine! This is fine to me because it leaves it open for subjective interpretation and re-playability.  Regardless and more importantly the game kept me THINKING and IMAGINING.  And sadly, these are provoking traits that are dying in other games and even movies.  This game proved that huge set pieces, over the top action, and sexy curves are not essential when telling a great story. Sometimes simple ideas and beautiful motion pictures presented in complex formats is all you need. (Im looking at you non-Batman Christopher Nolan!).  And if you want the former, GTAV is pretty good.		Nevertheless, I truly enjoyed this game and already want to replay it again just stopping 5hrs ago. I refuse to jump on any hype train that isn't warranted.  Oddly and unfortunately for me, this is my first Quantic Dream experience.  But after experiencing this game it definitely will not be the last. I am ashamed of my past self that thought a game essentially filled with quick time events would be a waste a time and uninspiring.  I was close minded and very wrong with that assumption.  In all, this game fulfills the hype and I am extremely pleased I shelled out $50+ for this. I will keep this game for as long as the PS3 is alive and now moving onward to "Heavy Rain."
0,Awesome controller. I have Osteoarthritis in my hands and need a comfortable controller and this fits the bill. It is good looking and comfortable. It seems well made and durable. However the lack of adjustable tension in the hats, and the so so surface feel of the controller keep it from being the 5 my Razer Sabertooth was. However it is still the best PS3 controller out there, hands down.
0,Both my sons loves playing this game and so will Urs. Received on a timely manner.
0,son wanted this for Christmas don't think he was disappointed
0,boys especially love this game
0,Works perfectly for connecting a PS2 to a modern HDTV. Provides a much clearer view and supports many games with progressive scan features, which further increase visual clarity. A must for anyone with a PS2 and a newer TV.
0,excellent brand, good product quality a product feature that I recommend to anyone.
0,I love these games especially the medal of honor games  good graphics and good difficulty level. The only thing I dislike is when you breach a door it automatically forces you into the room
0,final fantasy XIII is a awesome game a classic the best of the best one of the greatest games in the world buy this game if your a huge final fantasy fan you won't be sorry
0,This is one of the cooler and more powerful Skylanders in my opinion.  The quality and detail on the actual figure are great, which makes this one a good purchase in my book.
0,Can't comment on game bought for a relative
0,I LOVE these headphones. They don't echo, the sound quality is wonderful and they're sturdy, the mouthpiece doesn't feel like it's two minutes away from falling off. This is the second pair of these that I own, just for different devices.
0,I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY DAUGHTERS FAMILY FOR THEIR PLEASURE AND FOR ENTERTAINING FAMILY MEMBERS AND WHEN THEY HOST PARTIES
0,By far my favorite AC game. The PS4 version has a lot smoother graphics and was a good buy.
0,excellent
0,great
0,I have had this game since day one. Its now January 22 2010. I'm still playing it!!! There is no other FPS out there like this. Killzone is really one of a kind. The games atmosphere is gorgeous. The graphics are amazing, second only to Uncharted 2, and second to none in the FPS genre on consoles. Heres a tip, hook your PS3 up to surround sound and play this game and BAM, you will be blown away.		Multiplayer is all team based. Theres 12 ranks you go through which unlock multiple guns and badges. Badges such as air bots, turrets, C4, boost, and med packs. This game takes skill to play. You might sneer at that fact about "skill", but pop this game in and it feels like no other FPS.		I give this game 5 stars because it is truly a captivating single player and online multiplayer experience. Its a one of a kind shooter with the fan base to back it up. Tons of people are still playing and no problem finding matches at all.		No, matter how many games I have in my gaming library I still play Killzone every other day. BUY IT!!!
0,GENUINE AND HONEST SELLER, SUPER FAST SHIPPING, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED, AAA+++
0,Adept at the controls is key. Myself, I am notorious for hitting the wrong button when it came to ordering units. But it ran smoothly when I did it right. It wasn't a panic pushing like 1st person shooter or RPG, just brain to controler malfarction. I blame my 49 years.
0,Does exactly what I wanted and the response time was pretty good.
0,i've always been a pokemon fan and this game rocks. the story is short and the side quests are dull, but if you enjoy battling, raising your team, catching and trading, then it's a blast.		i would warn that the "chat" feature is actually a voice chat, which can be turned off. i thought it was a text chat, as i wanted to trade with a random person and wanted to write to them to figure out what pokemon they wanted. it turned out to be like a phone call, except that the voices are altered a bit. this is a bit scary because you never know who could be on the other side. we were both a bit freaked out. to avoid awkward encounters i recommend to turn this feature off. i recommend this to parents of children as well. again, you never know who is on the other side. i'm surprised nintendo even allowed this given that obscenities that can be typed (and therefore filtered), can just as easily be said.		other than that, trading is pretty cool. you can trade with someone you know, either in the room or via internet, as well as random. you can choose to send a random pokemon and receive a random one as well, or choose someone random who has a specific pokemon and trade the one they want (a specific exchange).
0,Kid liked it but traded it for another game.
0,It does the job for the most part pretty well, unfortunately one bad thing, is that the back piece doesn't really snap on to the back, so bits of dust can end up getting under it, but it's easy enough to clean and take a look there once a week or so to clean out any spare dust, I haven't run into any problems with the top piece. It's very easy to install, and I would recommend it still if you want something quick and easy.
0,Thank You!
0,ok
0,Probably the best DS game. Soundtrack is fantastic. Atmosphere is well done for the hardware.
0,great product
0,I love this game. Not the best i'e ever played of course, but definetly worth buying.	In Tropico you play the role of a dictator for a remote island called Tropico. It's very challenging, as you have several political factions to please all at the same time (communists, capitalists, militarists, enviromentalists, intellectuals, religious something faction) and the enviromentalists are in my opinion, hard to please, especially when you have a casino (Gawd those things eat up SO MUCH POWER) and NEED the 10 power plants.	I reccomend this game to fans of Age of Empires (hey, it's similar!) SimCity and it's sequels, or other games of this genre.	However, there are slow spots. Sometimes I'd set the speed to max and read until my buildings finished.	If you get this game, read the manual thoroughly, and...good luck :)
0,The problem with the story, is 10% play time and 90% loading time. Updating my RAM from .5 GB to 1.5 GB did help some, but by then I had already slogged thru the story.		The story itself is not bad, and is much better in hindsight. That is, you get familiarized with the interesting locations around the island and how to function there somewhat. After the story, you can travel to other locations alone or with your family; invite friends to that location and play with them or fish with them to meet wants and work on friendships; and gather fruits and other resources. Many locations have food, toilet areas, and other ways to meet basic needs so that you can hang out longer without having to go home. So it is, at this point, *fun* going to these other locations, and well worth the load times.		Careers only take up a few hours a day - hunting, gathering, or crafting. And your adopted orangutans can go out for a few hours a day doing similar jobs. Or you can go with your Sims out to gather food and resources on your home site and other locations if you prefer.		The child my Sims have had is elementary school age now, and there's been no mention of any school. It's fun to have him home and watch him swim and fish and run on the beach and chase butterflies. He can read books and play chess, but there's no scheduled homework or structure that I've seen.		I love the more laid-back tropical setting and modified native lifestyle.		I have't run into any thefts or other major calamities so far. The fights with the animals and locals have so far been pretty harmless.		The clothes are either shipwreck (beat-up normal Sims clothes), or some nice tropical designs the natives came up with.		It is *wonderful* getting the Sims out of the suburbs and rat-race.		And I love building and furnishing with all the natural-looking materials. The native tribe you become a part of isn't so much into privacy, which makes house and bathroom design a little less cumbersome, with fewer actual doors needed. With an oceanfront home, swimming takes care of hygiene, bathroom, fitness, and body skills, all at the same time, if you choose. But plumbing and electricity are available and the only way I've found so far to bathe a toddler was in a bathtub.		I'm currently looking forward to showing the child around the island more, and trying to fish at all those locations that have water.		As far as game glitches are concerned, there's been a coconut-bearing  palm I placed that refuses to move now, and some problems getting the Sims to use the nearest countertop for food prep, rather than carrying food to some food prep tables by the beach on the other side of the lot, and then back to the house to cook it lol. The orangutans tend to use the potty bushes a bit much, keeping all their needs meters pretty topped out most of the time, but I've occassionally had to *tell* them to eat and so on - but thankfully not for long.		That's about all I've got to tell ya, I think. Happy gaming and aloha...
0,I almost passed this game up thinking it's another lousy Pac Man game like Pac n Roll.  I hated Pac n Roll because of it's difficulty with the controls and it was in 3D which I found out I hate.		PAC PIX is not in 3D and you get to draw your Pac Man and watch him move and eat up the monsters.  Really neatest thing I ever saw!!		I'm on Book 1 level 11.  It is such an addicting game with high level of frustration as you go into higher levels but I'm enjoying it and not giving up!!		This game is all stylus usage!  No buttons to use.  Glad I got this game! Should be fun for all ages.
0,I HATE to exercise. I love to lose weight and love to eat, so for some reason need to exercise to balance everything out. I love that I can let it pick out my routines and all I have to do is follow them. Seriously, who would have guessed that you could hit people with snowballs and work on your abs. Double bonus in my book. Would strongly recommend this to anyone that hates to exercise but loves to have fun. PS. I am not a big video game lover either.
0,Solid wheel. Fits Wii remote easily. Quality of Nintendo products is really good.
0,Received quickly and in good condition.  Bought this game to play with my grandchildren when they visit.  We have a very good time playing Wii Sports.  Would recommend this product.
0,The Setup (Overview):		A ancient disaster forced the abandonment of  the the world's sister planet, The Silver Star.  Seeking to save at least some of the population of the doomed planet, the goddess Althenia used her powers to bring the survivors to a new world where she used  the last of her energy to transform the barren wasteland into a vibrant world where the sins of the past could be avoided.  To ensure that peace reigned four beings, known as dragons, were given power over the forces of light, dark, fire and water.		Their avatar in this world was known as the Dragon Master. She then retired to the goddess tower where she sleeps until she is needed again.  Whenever the balance of the world was threatened brave men and women would set out to complete the dragons trials and earn the power necessary to deal with the threat.  This cycle continued for thousands of years until the last Dragon Master, Dyne, perished under mysterious circumstances.  The evil that threatened the world was defeated, but for the first time in memory there was no Dragon Master to maintain balance in the world.  The world was left to deal with it's problems on it's own. The dragons were silent.  It didn't take long for some to forget what the silent, silver reminder in the sky warned against.		The Story(Some Story Details):		The story begins in the remote town of Burg, fifteen years after the death of Dragon Master Dyne.  An ancient evil has begun to stir on what as known as the frontier, a barren land that is beyond the reach of the Goddesses Althena's power.  While rumors swirl of the return of the Magic Emperor, a title associated with anyone who unites the monsters of the frontier, they are just rumors without any proof. While some of these stories have reached the remote island town of Burg, they are far away and more the problem of the magic guild which is located on the main land.		More popular are the stories of the legendary Dragon Master Dyne and his companions.  Though most consider the stories to be a exaggeration of actual events, this doesn't matter to a young man by the name of Alex.  He dreams of becoming the next Dragon Master and  going on grand adventures to thwart evil where ever it may be.  One day he gets his chance when exploring the nearby White Dragon Cave.  In a flash of light the White Dragon appears and grants Alex the Dragon Ring, the first relic needed on the journey to become the Dragon Master.		Soon Alex sets out on a journey to find the remaining Dragons and assume the role of Dragon Master. With him are his childhood friends ,Ramus, Luna, and his flying cat Nall. Their first stop is the magic guild, where they soon find that their journey might not be as simple as they thought...		Conclusion(My Overall Opinion on the Story):	I played this game when it first came out years ago.  It was one of my favorite RPG's of the time and even though the graphics have been updated and a few things removed, like that awesome original opening song, it's still the engaging story I played all those years ago.  There are several new scenes that have been added to flesh out the story and there are various game play tweaks that make the game a little more streamlined for modern times.  In this version you can save anywhere, the graphics have been updated, the combat system has been streamlined with tactics that can be customized and probably a few more features that I am missing.		The only downside to this game is that the combat hasn't aged that well.  The combat is your standard turn based fair where you select an attack for each character and then they do said attack and then the enemy takes it's turn and does the same.  While I don't like overly complicated battle systems, there isn't much need to think about tactics in this game, except for a couple of battles. This is helped a little by the fact enemies are visible on the map and, can occasionally, be avoided but there is still a lot of battles where it boils down to pick your area spell of choice and repeat two or three times till the battle is over and then repeat.		The good thing though is that the story and the characters hold up even though it is your standard boy saves the world and gets the girl story.  So if your looking for a classic rpg to sink some time into give this one a shot. m.a.c
0,I bought this game the day it came out and stayed up all night butchering demons from hell.		Great graphics and different storyline. Not since God of War have I had so much fun slaughtering monstas and men.		If you like gratuitous battle and scary elements where sleep just won't come to ya, making to stay up to slay the beast - then kid, dis ones fer you!		Peace out.
0,Pros:	Mouse is very comfortable. It has good handfeel.	Customization per game is excellent feature.	Length was good for me, might be too long for others.		Cons:	Plugs into USB port, requires a special software download (SteelSeriesEngine) - the setup begins automatically when you go to the website listed on the Quick Start Guide.	Install works in one USB port but not the other, so if it doesn't work for you, try the install on your computer's other USB port. Once it is installed, it will work on all the USB ports.		Summary: I'm giving this four stars because despite how nice this mouse feels in my hand, I'm still staying with my Logitech G602.	Four stars.
0,The game was playing just fine and was a lot of fun until I got to the middle of the train. There I am thrown off the train and end up flying along outside the window and can not move. I was stuck here for a long time until I discovered by accident that the player must creep along the outside of the train while trading shots with enemy inside and then leap back into the train. Surviving this odd maneuver is pretty difficult. The rest of the game is pretty standard first person shooter and very entertaining.
0,Not including the Horizon games, this is the best Forza game so far, especially compared to Forza 6 and 7. There are a ton of cars, the graphics are awesome, even for the 360, and you are free to buy any vehicle you want. Of course it takes money to buy them, but it's easy to earn money in this game and once you use a certain manufacture long enough, you get free upgrades for that manufacture. You can do the "world tour" racing mode where they take you to different countries and you choose which class of car you want to race with. Or you can pull up the entire list of races in every class and can choose which one you want to do. You just have to make sure you have the right car for that event, but again, the cars are easy to get. BEST FORZA GAME CREATED SO FAR. Again, apart from the Horizon games...
0,Feel the ARCADE
0,Beautiful graphics, and the game play is quite fun. It's really challenging to finish some areas. Getting the 6 different endings are doable though.
0,My son wanted a great headset for his Xbox.  The cheap headsets hes had before always end up getting broken. This product is well made and works perfectly with his xbox 360.  He said the sound is great also.  Great purchase at good price.  Would recommend.
0,I really enjoyed this game and it was really the first time I've ever played a Sly Cooper game and I've always owned PS systems. I was impressed by the graphics, the details and the fact that they made enjoyable options available on the PS Vita port. Overall a good game to purchase because there is the replay value available of going back into levels already completed to find all the items.
0,not as good as earlier DD games, but still has that retro charm....		try it today!!!
0,yes
0,Great game. Especially now that all DLC is included in purchase price. Sadly though there is still just not quite enough content to justify 5 stars. Hopefully TF2 will blow us out of the water.
0,I received an advance copy of this set and it's spectacular and is reasons.  I can tell you having only gotten to see a few episodes of the series total that the show itself is  entertaining.
0,Baby gamer boy loves these
0,Just as described!
0,I remember playing this when I was younger, one of the many 360 compatible games, if you still own a Xbox 360.
0,Jet Set Radio Future is a good example of SEGA's innovative game creation and shows why the X-Box is perfect for games such as this. The graphics are colorful and fast, zooming by at a steady framerate. The music is very energetic and sets the right mood whenever you play. The control is simple and the camera, though sometimes bad, usually displays the action correctly. The levels are gigantic and you can nearly grind on anything. The real fun of the game is exploring the huge levels and finding ways to link tricks together. I found the game enjoyable and upbeat, although I got annoyed by certain parts of certain levels. You would be missing out on a beautiful and enjoyable game if you didn't buy Jet Set Radio Future.
0,I love this game.  A real workout.
0,Good vs Evil	This aspect of the game could have been half-hearted and like most games could have just become an alternative ending to the story depending on which you choose to be but in inFAMOUS this is just not the case. Become evil and Empire City starts to change in front of your eyes, the impact on the city that you cause is very visible. The skies turn red, the people in the streets turn against you and will even attack you, the story takes different twists and the missions you play are different. Empire city will look even more destroyed by the end of your evil rampage and this is really impressive to see. Choose to be Good and the city will start to repair itself, people will praise and thank you, the skies will become clear and blue and once again the things you get to do are completely different.		Graphics	In most open world games it's not uncommon to come across some poor low res textures and numerous glitches but in inFAMOUS it's clear to see that Sucker Punch have really got the most out of the PS3. What's really noticeable is the incredible amount of detail in the city. Even if you climb to one of the highest most obscure spots in the city the surfaces are all incredibly detailed and high resolution. The city itself has this really damaged feel which works well with the theme of the game, it's gritty but glam at the same time and just looks great no matter where you are. Cole is so well designed with fantastic animations and cool gear and the Reapers are just awesome. As for those comic-book style images that tell the story, whoever designed those deserves an award because they are the most stunning designs I have seen.		Powers	Where to start? inFAMOUS has so many cool powers and the sense of being able to grow and improve upon them is done really well with the upgrade system. Earn XP for everything you do in the game and become this amazing force of electricity where you can do the most amazing things. Electricity is never far away as you can basically use all of Empire City's resources to fill yourself up with juice. However don't confuse this with thinking that it's going to be an easy ride. If you're fighting a tough boss and need to fill yourself up with electricity you're going to have to use strategy to make sure you don't get caught out in the moments your electricity runs out. This makes battles tense and fun. Oh and don't forget when you're a source of electricity water can kill you so don't go thinking you can take a swim in the sea!		All I can tell you is GO AND BUT THIS GAME NOW. Seriously, I have been so addicted to this little masterpiece for the past few weeks now. It's clever and stylistic and so much fun with a TON of replay value. The story is great with some cool surprises. You've got a load of collectables, a great city that is technically impressive and a joy to play in. Thoroughly addictive gameplay and stunning music and sound effects. Easily one of THE best games of 2009 and probably the best superhero game I have ever played. I want a sequel really badly and I think this is the start of a fantastic new franchise. 10/10		Oh and did I meantion that this game has NO LOAD TIMES. Yes you heard me correctly, an open world game with stunning visuals and NO LOAD TIMES. This is real next-gen gaming.
0,Do explain why you liked or disliked this product.	Do compare to similar products and share how long you've used this product.	Do identify specific attributes (e.g. comfort & fit of a shirt or the battery life of a camera) and whether they met your expectations.	Don't describe your seller or shipping experience (you can do that at amazon.com/feedback).	Don't include promotional content of any kind or reviews written in exchange for compensation.
0,Mario Kart 8 is an outstanding game. The graphics are gorgeous, the controls are tight, the level design is great, and the gameplay is a total blast. It truly feels like a culmination of all of the Mario kart games and it is a masterpiece. Nintendo still plays it a little too safe though. Where racing games from the past such as F-Zero GX, Diddy Kong Racing, Crash Team Racing, and Mario Kart DS had single player story modes and challenge modes, Mario Kart 8 does not. Just the standard Grand Prix races and online modes (which are fantastic by the way)		Bottom Line: this game is DEFINITELY worth the purchase of a Wii U. If you're on the fence I highly recommend a purchase of a wii u just for this this game. And if you already have a wii u then this a no- brainer.
0,Enjoyed it Very Pleased
0,First off let me preface my review in that I don't consider myself an audiophile.  I do have a variety of headsets from several manufacturers because I like a few different configs that I use them for.  I do like a good sound regardless and so I try new headsets on occasion.		First, let's start with build quality.  One of the best I've found.  The headset is still light but it feels solidly constructed.  I've had problems with the joints feeling cheap and breaking even on some well known brands especially on the part that has to extend and keep the cups in place.  They really did a great job.  The braided cord feels well woven without feeling like it's too tight where I had issues with other brands where eventually it makes the cable coil in weird ways because of how it was braided.  It's comfortable in general and I do prefer the felt cups more over leather but I think it works well.  I do find that I do get fatigue in extended use with how it pinches my large head.  It's not often but does happen on occasion.		The mic is solid too.  Never had any complaints from use.  It does a great job of filtering most background noise and I've used it on a couple of different devices and different chat programs and have not had any complains from other people I've chatted with as far as poor audio quality or unnecessary noise.  Consider the fact that I use a Razer Blackwidow which is a mechanical keyboard.  There's a few times that a couple of clicks will come through but generally solid noise filtering from my experience.		Now we move on to the sound which is where my complaint is.  I've read tons of reviews from other people on the quality of Sennheisers and how they're the best in the biz.  Maybe brand zealotry?  Granted that they're entitled to their opinion.  I'm not even saying that the sound is terrible.  It's generally solid.  I can pick up things in games fairly well, like footsteps and such and certain weapon sounds.  My complaint though like a couple of others, the lack of bass and depth.  I use my PC for more than gaming and like I stated before I have a few different headsets that I use and I find that most of the other ones sound generally solid for different tasks.  I used more than just the onboard audio and use 3rd party amp devices which I run these headsets through.  For what they retail for, I'd think I'd get bet more volume and oomph out of them.  And don't get me wrong.  I'm not saying they're terrible, I think they still sound really good, but just not as good as others that I've used within the same price range.  Certain things like explosions and larger weapons in games sound a little flat to me.  I've tried tweaking the sound devices I've ran them through and swapped with a couple of headsets with the same settings as a sort of control test and it's just the same result.  My final verdict is that it's a solid product, but I've found that I prefer other headsets over it.
0,For those of you that haven't played this title yet -- Ultimate NES Remix features some of the best NES games that were released from 1985 to 1988.  But don't be fooled; this cartridge does NOT contain the full versions of these classics.  Instead, Nintendo opted to create challenging minigames where the player has to accomplish certain tasks and earn stars!  For example, in Super Mario Bros., Mario could be tasked with taking down the evil Bowser, collecting 1-Ups, or taking out enemies while invincible.		As you progress throughout the mini-challenges, you can also unlock other "mini-versions" of games such as Punch-Out!!, Kid Icarus, Dr. Mario, Excitebike, Super Mario Bros. 2 and 3, Metroid, The Legend Of Zelda, etc.  You can even unlock Remix 1 and 2, which features a mash-up of characters playing a main role in other games.  For example, Samus/Kirby will have to collect coins in Super Mario Bros., Link will have to rescue Pauline from the evil Donkey Kong, or Kirby will have to battle Whispy Woods while trying to stave off those horrible Boos!		Although it might seem cumbersome to just play "bits and pieces" of these games, you might just find yourself addicted after trying it out for a few hours!  So it's definitely worth the $30.  :)
0,I played this game a few weeks ago, then I looked at the reviews here and I am surprised at the bad response. (currently there are about 87 1 star)		The game has a lot of good points. There are flaws in the execution of the game, but for a rating, it must be compared to other recent games. It does not deserve a '1' star rating. I play a lot of PC games, I can say that while Far Cry 2 is not perfect, it is better than a lot of other games. It plays out something like the GTA series. The missions can be frustrating when you have to fight your way forward and back through the same locations you have already cleared, but that is the way the game was designed.		The game should not really have the 'Far Cry' name as you may expect the same story line or characters. It has nothing to do with the prior game. The game looks very good, it plays well, it has a little bit of this and a little bit of that. The main story is not that compelling, but you can pick up the game and play for 30 minutes and enjoy that time.		One thing I think is worth experiencing is the chatter of the npc's (enemy AI) as you hide in the brush. They say some of the most hilarious things.
0,I bought this game simply because I Love to draw and It is very good when your a beginner.	I'm not very good with drawing and this neat little game shows you with step by step tutorials on how to draw and paint using different type of pencils and pants. You can save your drawings and even free draw. It's a nice game for all ages who wants to learn how to better their drawing.	I Absolutely Love It !!!
0,the very bes^t rol rpg game for ps2 now in ps3
0,I had to get another one' because my old one the disc got broken and my computer stopped reading the disc
0,Gaming wasn't bad for me but i was disappointed with the online gaming. ok wasn't worth the keep after beating the game.
0,espectacular consola de video juegos la recomiendo ampliamente es genial con el kitnec, me gustan los juegos que trajo son muy divertidos
0,If You enjoyed the other games, You will like this on too...
0,I love the series and they did a better job this time around with the physics. It is much easier to spin out or lose traction which is much more realistic than the previous game. it made racing too easy. this is a better version. the into sucks period and the weird Japanese UI is distracting but its all about the racing anyway.
0,Works just like all PS4 controllers I have had. Looks nice but I wish Sony would come out with more options or let us customize the colors without having to go to 3rd party companies.
0,If this is anything like Rez Evil 4.......count me in for five stars when I update this later. OK, I'm giving this a full five stars now after playing it on the PC. Once I finally play my PS3 version I will update this again, if need be.		The game is not nearly as dark and cartoon-like as RE4. Level of detail is better than RE4. The African sundrenched landscape gets a very nice harsh brightly bleached-out look from being baked day after day. The creatures are not necessarily much smarter but they ARE definitely faster and edgier looking. RE4 let's you run away and get some space to do battle. These zombies and other creatures follow you at a much quicker pace to put pressure on you. By the time you turn to fire, sometimes you are a multiple lunch host. RE games aren't for everyone. This is horror. If you like being chased, eaten, chewed on, hunted, and fighting monstrous creatures, you will love this.		We are definitely light years beyond Resident Evil 1 and the puzzle solving with slow pizelated zombies and quiet walkways of Raccoon City.		Rez Evil 4 isn't really the 4th! AND this isn't really the fifth. Now if you count 'em, I've got Rez Evil 1, Directors Cut(does that count?), Rez Evil 2, Rez Evil3: Nemesis, Rez Evil: Survivor, Rez Evil: Code V', Rez Evil Outbreak: Files 1+2(do I count file2 as one?), Rez Evil 4, and this one, which makes 7,8 or 9 for the 5th?? It's not even close to a correct count. All are classics in gaming history, OK, except the Outbreak series, which thought was tediously boring. Survivor was a little lame too.		Well, just play it as Nike says.
0,my son loved it
0,Love this charger. If everything worked so great!
0,I want to start off by saying I was shocked that this wasn't 5 stars. However after lookibg through the reviews it looks like most of the criticism was from the time the game launched. Apparently there were some quirks.		As of the time of this review the game has been patched and so much has been added. Now you not only get an incredibly designed auto racer with meticulous attention to detail on both the exterior and interior of the cars but you also get a motorcycle racer to boot. Pure eye candy and a super fun and actually challenging (thank god) racing game. Seriously I cant remember the last time I enjoyed a handling model as much. Maybe the first time I played Burnout on PS3. Well done.  Multiplayer is still active too
0,Replaced drive in a first gen 360. Worked great, but eventually got RRoD. Worth going to the slim models
0,good product
0,Good
0,This is a visually satisfying hidden object game that is as much fun to look at as play.  It is laid-back enough to be relaxing, and just challenging enough to be fun.		What impresses me most about this game is the respect it shows to its source material, the classic novel by F. Scott Fitzgerald.  More than anything, _Gatsby_ is a portrait of the 1920s, and the spirit of the decade is captured perfectly here in the music, the fashion, even some of the terminology.		Even more impressive is that the creators of the game pay homage to some of the important but more subtle elements in the novel.  Fitzgerald's use of time, for example, is alluded to in the first scene in which the player is required to find five clocks, and each hidden object sequence includes a secret word that connects thematically with the book itself.  Spoken dialogue is taken directly from the novel, and all of its important symbols (including the Eyes of T.J. Eckleburg) are intact.		In terms of the gameplay itself, there are a few sequences that break up the monotony of one simple hidden-object scene after another.  There are two typing sequences, one number puzzle, and a few other simple puzzles to solve, but there could have been more.  The player does not lose interest -- the game is too visually stunning for that -- but a few more surprises, a little more variety could have made for a more well-rounded gaming experience.		Overall, it is a game I have played several times through, and I could play it again.  Its visuals and respect to its source material make up for the lack of variety in gameplay.  I recommend it.
0,Love the updates from the previous version. Actually bought 3: Two for me and 1 for my daughter. Still playing both of them. Loads of fun!
0,Not like there are a lot of options here but if you want to add a fun level of challenge to Rock Band then you should certainly get the cymbals. So far they are holding up well!
0,GREAT GAME
0,Great to deal with.  Got exactly what we ordered and in a very timely fashion.  Trustworthy vendor for ordering product.
0,Finally the PS3 is here to stay...this is far by the best system.  Since I also have an Xbox 360 I can make comparisons.  Between the two, I would choose the PS3 over the Xbox.  In my opinion, the PS3 graphics were way superior and amazed me even before I plug it through HDMI, which Xbox lacks at the moment.  There are similarities between the two systems like online game play, demos, trailers, and games to download online.  One difference I notice was how much quieter it ran versus the xbox.  The xbox when playing a 360 game was really loud, but the ps3 is just as quiet as when playing a game from it's hard drive.		The high definition era of this system is unbeatable...it has everything built in...all in one.  You got high def gaming, movies, HDMI, music all built into the system.  Microsoft has some of this, but it comes in separate components which causes clutter for some.  Some issues with it may be that the downloading my take a while, and you can't do anything else with the ps3 when it's downloading otherwise the download would cancel.  Maybe a future firmware can fix this.  Another things is that the controller lacks the vibration feature, but the new motion sensor makes up for the lost in vibration.		If you're still deciding which system to get...this is the best recommendation I can make...it will keep you entertained for years to come and keep you on the "cutting edge" of technology.
0,Many people compare this game with super smash brothers, but this is actually a bit more ambitious than that, it contains a long single player story mode the characters have more depth to them, they also added some unique features to spice things up, making it a somewhat unique game, if you already a fan of the the series like myself, then you must play this, if you never heard about Onimusha I would suggest playing one of the 3 original titles first to appreciate the story parts. Controls are responsive, but climbing buildings is a bit frustrating, it requires precise button press timing.
0,My son said he likes this game more than GTA.  I was not impressed with the cars.  Missions are pretty cool.  When playing the game, you do not have to do a mission, you can go look around and check the area out.  Graphics are not too bad, but I think the cars are too square and the movement is choppy.
0,The item is perfect to me and my family i'm very Satisfied with the product, i'm recommend this product to use.
0,I haven't played a Pokemon game in years, and this was the first DS Pokemon game I've played.		And I must say, I was very impressed.		The game was simply amazing. Though it's been nearly two decades since the first games came out, even these new ones possess the same feeling that some of my favorite games possessed years back. Pokemon Black 2 is a great addition to the Pokemon franchise. Just about everything was amazing in this game, and it's definitely a sign that the Pokemon franchise isn't planning on slowing down anytime soon.
0,Not many people have mentioned it, but the CD that comes with the game is fantastic. I have quite a few Video Game music CDs and while I enjoy them, they sound like video game music. This symphonic rethinking of all the Zelda music from the last 25 years is a step above. It's something anyone with a musical ear can appreciate, and fans can love. It's epic feeling, much like a Lord of the Rings soundtrack, and carries memories of battles won and princesses saved. Truly a wonderful CD. Big thanks to Nintendo for including it, it shows exactly what kind of company they are.		As does this game. It is clearly lovingly crafted by designers, developers, programers, and artists who cared deeply about what you would be playing. Instead of churning out more of the same they've created a new art style that works wonderfully on HD TVs despite the Wii not being HD. It's cool just to walk and watch the background. As you move and objects start to fall back into the distance you'll a picture form before your eyes. The impressionist feel is simply wonderful, though perhaps something that a more mature (older?) player would appreciate (perhaps the same type of player who can appreciate symphonies is the type who can appreciate impressionist paintings?).		Certainly this is a game that can be enjoyed by any age, but the fully orchestrated sound track and visual style set it apart from conventional games. That, from me, is well-deserved praise for a game that clearly is different than anything else available today. Skyward Sword will leave you enveloped in a sense of wonder. After 25 years of playing Zelda, Skyward Sword proves once again, that no-one creates such inviting worlds and such a spell-binding sense of awe as Nintendo. I give it 5 stars only b/c I can't rate it higher!
0,It has issues every now and again but it has a ton of cheats and so far they all work and don't break the game. Just sometimes it resets the Wii and sometimes refuses to read the game disc you're applying cheats to. But if you try again it'll work eventually.
0,My son loves playing this game
0,There are a couple things I need to say before I start this review:	1) I've only played a couple Spidey games: Friend or Foe and the one that came out for Dreamcast (oh, and Maximum Carnage, which was my fav until now).	2). I'm very particular when it comes to wii games,  I have a wii, so I am reviewing that version of the game (which I'm sure is the same as the rest, but control is a major factor.		The trick to making a good Wii game is how yo decide to program the moves in the game with the gestures on the Wii-mote.  Web of Shadows (WoS) started out with me hating the game.  I usually turn my back on a game after only an hour or two (except Iron Man - I only gave that PoS about 10 minutes).  However, I love Spider Man, so I 'hung' in there (haha, a pun!).  The web swinging requires you to move the Wii-mote down, when I'm used to that gesture as hitting (as with Zelda and Force Unleashed).  So it took a while getting used to.  But once you make a lap around Manhattan (which takes a while, by the way), you get to be an outstanding web-swinger!  Just swinging through the buildings is fun and I've killed at least 2 hours just looking for 'hidden' items.  However, the developers made a small flaw in the sensitivity in changing from red to black spidey, which is a tilt of the nunchuck.  I constantly find myself changing from red to black spidey (which have different abilities) accidetally because if tilt the nunchuck even slightly during gameplay it triggers the suit-change.  This really hurts when I'm in big fights because when I need black abilities, I accidentally change red and vice versa.  However, due to the lack of buttons on the wii setup, that was the best way to place the suit-change controls.  If tilting the nunchuck did anything else, it would really screw you up (You have no idea how often you unknowingly tilt the nunchuck in a fight until you play this game!)		The story starts off pretty slow, but gets interesting as you get deeper into the plot.  I've played the game for about 10 hours now, and I don't know how much I have completed, but I have the feeling I'm not even halfway through.  There are guest appearances from everyone (Black cat, Wolverine, Black Widow, Luke Cage), and Spider man is hilarious!  There is a point where he realizes he can't defeat the Symbiots on his own and he whips out his cell phone and calls Tony Stark and Reed Richards!  His responses are very funny, and there are points in the game when you can choose to be good or evil (red or black spidey).  You really have to know your Spider Man characters and facts in order to really understand this game, which makes it even better for Spidey-fans like me!
0,This is a nice gun for you to use in place of the Wii Zapper, It is accurate and fun to use.
0,Alright, so, I played the first game on the ps3, and I ended up bawling my eyes out.		This is no different. I am currently on a raft in my own home, stranded in a sea of my own tears.		Why would you do this.		But it's seriously a very, very good game, well-written, amazing twists and turns, moral confusion, tears, a new cast of radical characters (and a surprise visit from an old friend!), and then a heart-wrenching end. Of course, you follow our darling Clementine from the previous game--long after Lee is gone. You start out with Christa and Omid--but tragedy strikes soon. Choose wisely. There are songs accompany the credits, mainly by Devics, Anadel, and then Janel Drewis--all of them amazing choices, and very gorgeous songs. This game is worth it.
0,As Advertised
0,Now that Madden 2006 is out, you can buy this game for under $5 used or around $10 new. For that kind of money, you can't go wrong.		The game is almost as good as '05 or '06, so if you kind of like football but not enough to shell out between $30-$50 then this game is perfect.		The only reason I gave this game 4 stars is that it can get kind of boring after only a short while. I still like playing the game with my friends, but singleplayer is just ok.		Still a great deal and a must buy.
0,Son and his friend play all the time on their gaming setup for their two PS3's
0,First off, this game is great. Graphics are fantastic, battle system is fun, replay is good, and the number of side quests will keep you busy for hours.		Unfortunatly, if you download any of the downloadable content (DLC), even the free ones, you will not be able to continue a save game if xbox live is unavailable, be it local network, ISP, or xbox live itself.		To date, this is the only game i've ever played that will not let you play the game if you are not connected to xbox live. Terrible design and this 'feature' alone sent this guy to the bargain bin at my local game stop.
0,Awesome game, good story, but a little short. The real thing that this game caught so much slack for was not having multi-player(which would have been awesome) because it's OK to have a 6 hour campaign this day and age as long as there's multi-player. (CoD anyone?) Point blank it was a great game when I paid $60.  I'm sure it's even better for $20
0,This was a game that I really enjoyed. I look for captivating story lines in most of the games I played and this game had that. Even though I beat the game in twelve hours and it was pretty much an 'X' smasher, I enjoyed the time I spent playing as War. I look forward to Darksiders 2 so that I can see what the other horsemen are up to.
0,i need one cause mines was broken lol
0,Just wanted to share that this great game comes on a DVD, however you can simply enter the STEAM key, activate, download, and you are good to go.  What's nice is that this DVD version comes with extras that are almost equivalent to the "Champion" download edition.  On my DVD (40790), Bonus items included Soundtrack, Digital Map, Wallpapers, and Ringtones. When activated on STEAM, this game was identified as "Pillars of Eternity - Physical for Encore" .  Great price, nice extras, and fantastic RPG.  Recommend this DVD version.
0,as described
0,I have been waiting to get "Clubhouse Games;" it's pretty hard to find.  (I confess I was also waiting to see the price come down!)  I wanted some solo games I could play on trans-con flights; something that didn't involve blowing up cars or hopping across rivers and avoiding alligators.  (I'm 61; female; never played video games in my life & never have been at all interested.  My grown sons guffawed at my Nintendo DS purchase.  In my defense, I bought it for Brain Age 1&2....  And then I got hooked on it and thought it would be perfect for those long flights.)		While waiting for CG to become available at a reasonable price, I bought "Solitaire Overload."  A gazillion different solitaire games!  Yea!  This would be an extension of the famous game we all play on our PCs while on telephone hold, right?		Well, sort of.		This software is just ok.  Graphics are crisp, and the music isn't too elevator-y.  My main complaint, and it's a major one, is that there are no instructions for playing the games!  Duh!  Just what's on-screen, which is precious little.  (I had to get out my books of card games just to learn how to play them with SO!)		Disappointed, I decided to keep looking.  As long as I was doing this, I decided I wanted something that had more game variety than just cards.  If I had known about "TouchMaster,"  I wouldn't have bothered with SO at all!  This software has more than met my expectations.  There are plenty of games for the solo player here, including several solitaires.  There are written instructions in the liner notes in the case.  A wheel-of-fortune type, word search, etc.  You can read elsewhere in detail about the content.		I didn't care for the trivia game, however; very obscure stuff.  Do you know who was second in the batting order for the home team for the opening game of the 1920 World Series?  Really?  I don't know, either, but that's the kind of info you'll need for this game!		I must have spent 6 hours with this software tonight.  (Yes, I should have been grinding on my lengthy to-do list, but I just couldn't resist.  I'll probably play some more after I finish this review!)		I recommend this game cartridge without reservation.  You won't be disappointed.  And the price is terrific!  Enjoy! mb
0,If you played MGS2, you probably remember the cinematics popping up every few minutes. While this was a bit annoying, the actual game was fun to play. MGS3 doesn't fix this at all. Hideo Kojima should of learned from MGS2, but he didn't.		Basically, you are in the jungle. Unlike previous Metal Gears, you don't hide behind crates. Instead, you camo yourself with the environment. This is easy to do and doesn't take long at all. Throughout the game you pick up more camos, and there are secret ones. There isn't any radar, but this is a good thing. You are now forced to use your motion detector and heartbeat sensor. You also have to look in first person constantly because the camera is practically always above you, and it is a little too close. Another stealth tactic you will learn to love is CQC. Walk up to an enemy and hold the "O" button. Snake will grab the person. At first this is strange because you must keep holding "O" or else the guy will push you and run away. If you hold "O" too hard you will cut his neck and kill him. Once you master holding, CQC is a blessing. You can interrogate enemies, flip them, use them as shields, snap their necks, and trip them. You can also throw your enemies to the ground then make them freeze.		If you don't like stealth, this is a good action game. There are shotguns, heavy machine guns, revolvers, and even a combat knife.		The story is not as far-fetched as MGS2. MGS2 had a crazy story, but at least you could enjoy it. It was so stupid that you kind of found it amusing. MGS3 has a weak story that has been done too many times before. The only redeeming quality of this game is Snake and Revolver. You meet Revolver at the start of the game, and he remains interesting throughout it.		The last thing to talk about is food. There are so many different foods. I've read guides online describing hidden animals and such. Snake responds to food differently, and he can call Para-Medic to teach him about anything.		Although it has a lot of cinematics and uninspired bosses, this game is good. Somehow, it manages to keep me playing. The game has some touching moments and some cool ones. It also provides in the most interesting sniper fight you will ever see in a video game. If you played the originals, pick this one up.
0,Last summer, my original NES I purchased in 1990 finally broke down. I smelled burning plastic and the entire system fried. Since I am a die-hard 8 bit Nintendo fan, and own over 70 game cartridges, I set-out to compare prices of refurbished 8 bit NES consoles, and also the NES clones on the market. There is still a huge demand for the original 8 bit NES, so there were plenty of choices. I decided to go for this Retron system, and am beyond satisfied. I made sure I cleaned all my games prior to hooking up the console. I had the system hooked-up and running in under 3 minutes. The first thing I tested was my NES advantage joystick and it worked perfectly. The original NES controllers also worked perfectly, as did the zapper gun. It plays all my games perfectly, including the unlicensed Tengen "Pac-man" series. The system is the size of the game cartridges, so it's small and light. It's a top loading system so I no longer experience the flashing screen problems the original NES gave me. I just make sure I keep the games clean, so I do not get the game console contacts dirty. I think Nintendo really screwed up by not re-releasing their original 8 bit system, as there are still millions of gamers that love the old games, and want to keep their 8 bit collection running. I have not experienced any of the problems some people on these reviews have reported. It's compatible with all my games and controllers. Games no longer freeze up or crash like they did on the original NES "toaster." I never owned an original top loading NES, so I cannot compare the Retron with it. Yes, some of the music is slightly altered on certain titles, but that isn't a deal breaker for me. I am thrilled with this NES clone and very glad I purchased it. It's very affordable, and has been a very reliable product for me.
0,Fun first person shooter. Nice combination of strategy and shooter. Nice cut scenes and graphics. Overall good game.
0,X-plane 10, is really just X-9 with a few tweaks. I found x9 to be more stable and handled better.		The scenery is far better than anything FSX has.	Planes need to be tweaked and addons for those are recommended.		The game is very intense not only is demanding from your GPU but also your Processor. You can ask any sim PC enthusiast and they'll unanimously say that you will see a bigger difference in having an i5 3 generation and i7k 4th gen. If you can get the i7 4th gene go for it.		I recommend setting up a good balanced system. Your looking at about $2500-3000 for a decent sim system.	Graphics card ( I've concluded that Nvidia seems to be the winner here. I have both the gtx 690 and AMD 7900, I've used several AMD graphics, I've even written a review for the saphire 6950. No comparison. GTX wins by far.		processor i7 4th gen	Motherboard, something capable of handling an i7 4th gen with gaming memory.		no less than 8gb of GAMING memory,		power unit no less than 350. I personally would recommend a 600watt. ( doesn't mean the pac will use it, but you don't want to run into issue for under powered pc.		Here's where people go wrong all the time hard drive. Use a SSD for xplane exclusive for that, you can use another SSD for operating sysem and use an external hard hard ive.
0,I bought this for a graet price.  This is Original XBox and is well  built.  I would recommend buying this over a clone controller.  Just me but I think it's worth the difference in price.
0,Excellent
0,great product i will buy from this seller again
0,I play this more than my 11-year old!  She likes it too.  Service was great and product was delivered as expected so it didn't miss Christmas!
0,thank you
0,Somehow, I spent about 50 hours with the game- I can't say I loved all of it, but overall, it's an amazing game.	Good:	-amazing, maybe unparalelled art style, world, and character designs	-no game has unique controls like this, and they feel great (mostly)	-game feels best as a platformer, not a fighter	-a technical masterpiece- solid 30fps with zero drops, just a great looking game technically and stylistically	-amazing soundtrack		Bad:	-Controls during fast paced combat work against themselves, can lead to a lot of frustration	-Too much focus on combat (first game had combat, but it felt less frustrating)	-Lunar/Jupiter styles don't add much- I still mostly used normal style	-characters still speak in stunted, dumb sounding fake language (I wish they would just let them speak Japanese)	-Online aspects being dropped after only 1 year, which means no more Dusty Tokens, which means you'll miss out on some costumes and Talismans		Overall:	I think Gravity Rush is an awesome series that needs to continue- I really hope for a Gravity Rush 3 and beyond. GR2 isn't a perfect game, but I still think this is a must have game for anyone with a PS4. Also be sure to get the first game on PS4 as well...not as technically awe inspiring, but just as good and maybe even a little better than GR2.
0,Got the collector's edition on sale, if it's not on sale, just get the regular one.  The money clip & the bullet USB flash really isn't worth the $10 or $20 extra they charge.		The game graphics - it's decent.  More cartoony than GTA.	Controls - It's a bit loose, missing straf, and without the auto targeting, it is pretty difficult to target unless you are use to FPS games.	Gmaeplay - Saint's Row feel more arcade, wild jumps, car flips, explosions, it's fun 1st time around, but it gets dull after a while.  You start to appreciate the little things you didn't think about in GTA4 and wish they put that in here as well.		Still, this is a fun game, with all the things to do, it feels even longer than GTA4.  Keeps you busy till GTA5 comes out.
0,A must-have to any star wars collection and fan...
0,Amazing item it came in perfect condition! I absolute love it!
0,Really great game for all ages. Build an amusement park, rides, food stands and games. Even though it was for the old 360, the graphics were really, really great. Great Game, great price.
0,great game.
0,Thanks for the great deal on Assassin's Creed III	Now I can play another part of the series in Steam.	Unfortunately, Uplay is still required and installed after downloading the entire game in Steam.
0,You Must Get This Game. This is my first time buying a Gulf game & I play this game just as much as I play Madden 09. A great game to have.
0,This game is really good, game play, the history, the graphics, sound. I just want to write this sntence:		This is the kind of game that makes you think wow, this is it !!!.
0,My favorite in the Nancy Drew series, Legend of the Crystal Skull. The most difficult, Curse of Blackmoor Manor. The Creature of Kapu Cave is an OK game. It seems like Herinteractive was maybe in a rush to produce another Nancy Drew game and they didn't really take the time to make this a very challenging game. The scenery was really nice. When playing a Nancy Drew game, I always make sure I have plenty of paper and a pencil. You will definitely need them. The most paper I used was Curse of Blackmoor Manor. The least-Creature of Kapu Cave. But, I can't wait for the next one to come out!!
0,Thanks to the horsepower of the GBA, we can finally play Doom (and now a host of other first person shooters) on the go.  A near acurate port of the PC classic, we get just about everything from the original, including all the weapons (including the beloved chainsaw), all of the power ups, and some tight control.  However, there are quite a few down points here: not all the enemies are present here, and some of the levels have been re-designed, but that can be forgiven.  What can't be is the fact that the color of the blood has been changed from red to green so the game can warrant a Teen rating.  While it really isn't that much of a downfall of the game, it is a personal gripe of mine that just bothers me.  However, all pentagrams are here and accounted for.  Also, due to the fact the GBA itself isn't backlit, there are parts of the game where you'll hardly be able to see anything due to the fact the room or corridor is so dark, which is the game's real biggest flaw.  Doom's saving grace is the link-up mode with another player, which means some nice death matches or team ups on the go.  All in all, with the current expanding library of first person shooters on the GBA, Doom is one of the best, and if you love FPS games then this should be in your GBA library.  Look out for Doom 2 for the GBA which is coming out soon.
0,i Bought This Game a month Ago, and it Turns out to be one of the coolest games.	You Play as The Hulk The Green Monster, and Bruce Banner as you sneak and smash your way through this epic adventure. Only by Controlling the incredible power of the beast within can you destroy the diabolical intentions of the Leader To save the world and your self!	BRUCE BANNER:as Bruce Banner you must rely on your intellect and Stealth . avoid Detection as much as Possible , if you didn't The guards will give you a hard time, and gather clues and fight only when Necessary, Don't Fight any Guard you see. and i know some of you don't like to Be Bruce Banner but i find it Fun.	HULK:There are no limits to the Destructive power of the Hulk. Capable of Smashing through buildings and defeating whole group of Enemies, The Hulk uses a Series of specialty Moves and his unmatched strength to unleash a whirlwind of Destruction.	In the Game there are:	*25 Fully Destructible and inter-active environments if you can see it you can smash it.	*Battle notorious classic Villans and massive new foes. Fight up to 10 enemies at once.	*45 Devastating attacks to dipose of your enemies.	*out smart your enemies as Dr. Bruce Banner, using Stealth and Disguise.	if You Are having Trouble with the game i can Help With Some Cheats Go to Options to Code input and Inter These Passwords:	GMMSKIN  For Invinsible Powers, The Enemies can't kill You if you are the Hulk or Bruce Banner	HLTHDSE  To Double Ur Health Power.	GRNCHTR  For Unlimited Continues.	if You Use "GMMSKIN" You Will Finish the Game.	I played this Game and it's Really short i finished with in two days. But i Want MORE To Smash Things While You Are The Hulk.
0,Great light for the price - definitely bright enough and plenty of magnification for working with small electronic components.  The adjustments/arms are sturdy enough to stay in place in any position, and the clamp works great on my 1.75" thick workbench.  Highly recommended!
0,Great price
0,Arrived in good condition and works just fine with my ps2 throwback.
0,Ah, the good old gold card.  Not a lot to say about it other than I'd rather buy it directly from Amazon than Microsoft.
0,Love this game, I had to get the collectors edition, after the fact I had already played though it.
0,fun fun game
0,Great
0,Good
0,Can't mess with the original..still good after all the years and a great price.
0,Exactly as described. Fit my sons ds lite. Easy to install onto ds. Met all my expectations. Created a fun cover for my sons ds
0,What a classic...I had finished Metal Gear Solid 3 and 5, and decided to continue the story and find out what happens with Solid Snake. This game was truly a joy to play, and is a fine example of Kojima being Kojima. It also does a good job of touching on everything that happened from MGS1-3. If you've only played MGS V on newer gen consoles, do yourself a favor and complete the story of Big Boss and Solid Snake and play this game (after 1 and 2).
0,Muy buenos grficos, combinacin de estilos de animaciones, excelente gameplay, excelente conectividad, cero lag. Totalmente adictivo. 100% recomendado.
0,Loud keyboard. Solid hardware. Worth it.
0,My son conquered Resistance 1, and was so excited about Resistance 2.  I watched him play and several times almost jumped out of his chair.  Many surprises in this one.
0,The games are the same. But different. The graphics are up grades in all. The are different in how you play them. The  graphics and how they  work produces the out come. Landscapes, building etc. are  good. these games can be education and good for all  ages.
0,One of the best FIFA game till date.	Online game play is smooth
0,upgraded the PC controller to a fancy new XB1 wireless controller.  Works flawlessly, effortlessly.  Literally just plug it in and pair, and you're off  to the races.
0,This is an offshoot of the Onimusha horror series.  It's more like Smash Brothers but just with the Onimusha characters.
0,If you haven't played many role playing games or aren't familiar with the current generation Elder Scrolls titles, you might want to look further into the game play of this title. There is quite a lot of wondering and dungeon crawling in this game, that might not be immediately apparent from the action facade on this very complex and involved RPG.		I played the regular version (non-ultimate) a while back and was super impressed with the story, characters, and shear variety of plot altering choices in the game. At first it seemed like a copy and paste job of the Fallout 3, but if you give it a chance the writing and art are way above and beyond it's direct predecessor. After Bioware's wholesale rape of their own franchises and Bethesda's consistently poor writing performance, Obsidian is the best western RPG developer out there in my opinion. Don't get me wrong Bethesda can make a very imaginative and engrossing world, with excellent action RPG game play, but once your 40-50hr into a game, that all fades away if its not supported by good writing and compellingly interactive plot. This was where Bioware excelled but now it seems they would rather convert Gears of War and WoW fans than keep the ones they've got.		This is why I decided to pick up the ultimate edition as well as write this favorable review. It just makes sense to support a company that seems to give a damn about the quality of their product, while so many others do not. The story is slow starting but once you get going it's the best since Fallout 2. From me that's very high praise. The add-ons that come with the ultimate edition surpassed my expectations, and trust me they were quite formidable. I didn't care much for Honest Heart, but you can tell they put way more time into making the area than the story. Overall it was well worth the price and I plan on picking up a copy of Alpha Protocol to further support Obsidian Entertainment.		For those of you that haven't played this generations Elder Scrolls or Fallout 3, a word of warning. These games are quite buggy, despite the fact that they've had several games on the same engines. They are resource hogs and really best suited for a beastly gaming PC. As for console gamers, like myself, I suggest installing it on the hard disk, creating many save files of strategic value, save often, and try not to let these technical issues ruin your experience. It's clear that we have a developer more concerned with  setting up a awesome, expansive environment to tell a very unique story, than one concerned with stream line performance and technical prowess. If only the two went hand in hand. Where's the Kojima of the RPG world?		P.S. Bethesda was contracted to handle post release patching of this game, so don't blame Obsidian!
0,I get it every year and it gets better every year. So much fun. Online is great with friends and family.
0,this is fun for family its like all game you have to bet the main game to have them all unlock
0,Good ps vita game cartridge storage device
0,it's Halo.
0,good game, could've made settlement crafting easier and better.  Weapons crafting is good though.
0,I wanted a actual copy of this two games together and it looks grade on ps4
0,Razer is the company that produces the best mouses in the world. The outer surface of the products and the sense of grip they hold is awesome. The fast sensor is doing very well.		I am a professional counter-strike: global offensive player. The response time of the sensor is even more important in professional games. The sensor of deathadder chroma is very good compared to other products.		Buy it without thinking.		Best regards.
0,If you've played the Club before then you will see the similarity in this game. It's like the Club with a sequel featuring 50 Cent in an actual adventure/story mode. The gameplay and some of the task/missions are just like the Club. From similar killing combos to finding the hidden bullseye targets during the levels. The Graphics are actually pretty sweet if you play it in HD. There's tons of cussing during gameplay and during cinemas. Wouldn't be 50 if it wasn't. Not a serious storyline but a decent one if it were a low budget "B" movie. I don't know if 50 had any part to do with the story or not, but if he did it seems like to me maybe he picked up some of the idea from the movie Home of The Brave that he starred in. But anyway the controls are pretty good. You may notice a few Gears of War moves used in the game (recovering your partner, vehicle stage) Army of Two weapon upgrade. (What, No pimped out weapons?) and a few up close battles from the bourne conspiracy game. The up close fights were not as advanced as the bourne conspiracy but similar. Overall it's a good action game to pick up for anyone who has mastered Gears of War or The Club and has a itchy finger to pull a trigger. This would be the game to play until a better 3rd person shooter comes out. Even better if you can find it on sale cheaper than $50. A good 3rd person action shooter worth looking into.
0,This game is soo much fun and i like it so much better than the one i have for the WII system.
0,very good game for old school gamers that want to play classics in a new way, this disc has remixed games as well as the classics, so if you like this old Namco games this may be a game to pick up.		oh and the seller sold this to me in very good shape with the case, artwork, & manual for under 10$ with shipping
0,Perfectly clear and scratch free.
0,Say you are stuck on a game you can not get passed this baby will help you.
0,I bought this game without previously renting it, which I was a little skeptical about, but after only playing one mission, I was convinced that I had made the right decision. The play control is great, and the variety is amazing. There are three types of missions, shooting, driving, and "rail" missions where you move on a track. Also, the mission variety is great because each mission is long, involved, and very fun. Your gadgets always come in very handy, and the weapons are very cool, and very fun to experiment with. The multiplayer mode is amazing too. The sheer number of scenarios, including GoldenEye Strike, is mind-blowing, and you can play as characters such as Jaws, oddjob, Goldfinger, Xenia, and Wai Lin, as well as many others from almost every Bond movie. If you like First Person Shooter games, this is a must for your collection.
0,Great Job!
0,driver 2 grahpics and frame improves on ps3 like playing a ps2 game  i sudgest trying out your ps1 games on ps3 system today
0,Final Fantasy V Advance is one of my all time favorite video games. It is a remake of the 1992 Super Famicom game ''Final Fantasy V''.		This game has great gameplay, lovable characters, and the job system is so fun. I also love the fact that the dialogue and story are both lighthearted and have a Saturday morning cartoon feel to it.		This is a great sword and sorcery RPG. But I must say, if you decide to play this game, I recommend that you use a walkthrough, because it is easy to miss the important items.
0,it works, no scratches
0,Perhaps the most exciting and fun zombie game it is hard to get bored playing this game. There are five campaigns with multiple levels a piece full of zombie killing action. Though the graphics way seem outdated now that its been out for four years it is still an amazingly fun and exciting experience.
0,I totally love this game.... Even after I died two times just opening the box, Is hard.... and is hard.... is not for the casual player out there, you need to perfect the fighting style ... without this you are not going to get no where..... calm and calm and if you see a group of crazy ones coming to you.... just run..... and take them one by one.....nothing wrong to run, if this mean you would be able to keep you blood ecos .... you need them in this game if you want to up your level. Like I said before I love this game and is going to take me all my life to finish it.... if I get there some day. The graphics are AWESOME and a compelling story in every way.
0,It was to my cousin, he really likes it.
0,An extremely strong case with plenty of storage for games. In my experience it fits the 3DS and the "smaller" new 3DS. Please note, this will certainly NOT fit the "XL" Nintendo handhelds. A charger can fit nicely into the mesh holder inside the case. One cool feature that I did not realize initially was that the case that holds the 3DS inside the larger case is attached by Velcro an is removable, which promotes more portability. The Velcro attached case also has two holders for games (which makes 3 total if you keep one in your 3DS).		I would say the only downside to this case is that it's a little large, but honestly, I don't know how they could have made it smaller while still having the same features, and the Velcro attached inner case adds a great alternative.
0,Absolutely worth every penny. Makes the Xbox one Original look like a dinosaur VHS player. Extremely hyped on this purchase.
0,The graphics are amazing and the story is awesome. Also I love the way you can customize a lot of things in this game. It is addictive and i played it for a while (till i realized that my laptop was unplugged... oops). But the over all of this game is solid. I cant believe all the details they have put into this game.
0,Love it
0,gave it to my son a few weeks back when it first came out... i haven't seen him since. afraid to open the door to his bedroom :)
0,Mafia is going to be the best third person action game of the year, but may anyone tell me why no one is talking about the replay value in this game?! Sure, the graphics are way cool, and the game gives you a lot of freedom to explore and do what ever the heck u want, but u also need to remember the replay value. Especially in Action/Adventure 3rd person games is it important to have a good replay value. We experienced this problem with many games like max payne. What happened in max payne? It had terrible replay value! It had three difficulty levels were it was just harder! Since the game was short, the replay value was terrible! Mafia looks not much longer than max payne, so we have to reconsider how many difficulty levels there will be in the game, and how many different twists there will be. Hopefully, the game progresses differently depending on the paths you take. This is very likely to happen, considering the great freedoms the game gives you.	Although, if you are a FREQUENT gamer, like me, you may not appreciate the different twists and tangles (that the the game MIGHT give you) because even if there are different difficulty levels and different paths to take, it is likely that a gamer will not notice these features, and gamers may not also want to spend the time searching for the other paths (if there even are some).	That is why I am giving you the fair warning. You may want to pick up a PC gamer magezine with a review of Mafia when it comes out, or you may just want to wait until people that have experienced the game review it, because you shouldn't pre order the game until you know the facts, and not the rumors or the fiction that may come from TalonSoft.	Besides the game having a likely chance of having little to no replay vaule, there are other INCREDIBLE strong points to the game.	1. The game gives you unlimited freedom to explore and do what you please.	2. The graphics are great	3. The story line is intense, and the story gets added to before every level, for there is a short, one-minute cinnematic before each one.	4. The game gives you many weapon choices like a tommy gun, knife, 9mm pistol, pump-action shotgun, etc.	5. THERE IS MULTIPLAYER!!!	I'm out now, and I hope this review helps, PEACE
0,Great Game better than Pokemon in my opinion.
0,Adds multiplayer capacity to the Gamecube's Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles as well as a handful of other titles, while I mainly used this to play The Legend of Zelda The Wind Waker and Four Swords, as a map and a handheld system connecter respectively.
0,Unlike the vast majority of reviewers posting here, I've never played any of the previous Civ games on the PC. Yep, I'm a Civirgin, and one of the people that Civ Rev was designed for - the uninitiated console gamer. And as a fan of turn-based strategy games, let me say that this game is a highly addictive funnel which will suck away hours of your life as you battle and build your mighty empire.		Playing one of 16 civilizations, you'll be tossed onto a randomly generated map with four other leaders where you found your capital city and begin your quest for victory. Winning is possible in four different categories: Domination, Technology, Economic, or Cultural. Upon founding your city, your workers will start to harvest the raw materials to begin producing units and buildings. Units are mostly military in nature, and designed for offensive or defensive purposes, depending on what sort of victory you're going for. Buildings are used to enhance your city and push it in one of several directions, making it a production or cultural powerhouse that also reaps gold or scientific knowledge to advance your technology.		Which brings us to the Tech Tree, obviously important for a technological victory, but vitally important for the others as well. Initially your starting civ will have the ability to learn only four technologies - Alphabet, Bronze Working, Horseback Riding, or Pottery. An advisor instructs you as to the benefits and uses of each technology, letting you know if it's primarily for cultural, scientific or military use. Learning a tech unlocks further techs, taking you from archers and warriors to modern infantry, tanks, battle ships and bombers. The handy Tech Tree - showing all techs and what is needed to unlock them - is available to view at any time, so you can plot what to research on your road to glory. Being the first to research a tech before other civs usually offers a bonus, such as a free unit or city enhancement.		The game then becomes a balancing act. Focus too much on one area, such as military production at the expense of culture, and watch as your cities begin to "flip" to civs with higher culture. Focus too much on infastructure without building defense and your neighbors will roll over you. In essence, this forces you to really think about what your next move should be and deepens the game play. Which, of course, leads to a "just one more turn" approach that has you playing long after you originally planned on quitting. And that's just Single Player mode. Toss in playing against real people over the 'net or a LAN hook-up and, well, kiss your free time goodbye...		All in all, if you enjoy strategy games, you should really enjoy this outing. Kudos to the folks that put this together for dipping their toe into the console market. And as someone untainted by experience with previous PC versions, I have no disillusions over what "could've" or "should've" been and just enjoy it for what it is.
0,The Nintendo Wii is great for all ages.  So many things you can play and do with the Wii.  We have family game night.  We challenge each other to see who can get the highest score in the family.  We exercise with Wii fit and The Bigest Loser game (WHICH really kicks your butt and helps to lose weight quickly).  I think anyone that has kids should get a Wii.  Keeps the kids moving and not sitting.  Plus the games are fun for adults also.
0,Just the right size, arrived fast too!
0,Well, i was very skeptic about pre-ordering this one, since the last one (Unity) was a fiasco, and not worth $20. Decided to give it another try to the franchise since all other games are decent at worst.		Video: 9/10 - Some minor cosmetic issues (i.e. building objects floating, and minor nuisances) Nothing compared to Unity's crappy rendering.	Sound: 10/10 - Very pleased with the music and background sound, voices and ambient sounds transport one to a different age.	Gameplay: 10/10 - It takes a bit grasp the new depth of movement, with that said, great adjustment. One can easily transition up or down when free running, new button layout allows for specific input so characters enter windows when hanging (previously left to luck), combat combos and chains are varied which immerses the player in the combat (i found the combat and assassinations more robust than in previous installments), multi kills cutscenes are very entertaining and movie like. Several side-quests versions have been added to the game which made map dominance more entertaining than the simple (forts - Black flag and Rogue, Defending or capturing gang hideouts- Brotherhood, the usual "kill the captain" to weaken a territory - from all others). Syndicate divides the map into areas which are then divided by smaller territories; In order to dominate or weaken the templar dominance, the player must complete specific missions on each territory which weakens it and then subsequently doing the same in all territories, the area becomes weak, which prompts a final mission for takeover. Missions: Templar Assassinations (Kill Templar(s)), Bounty Hunting (Kidnap Templar), Child Liberation (yes, there is child labor in the game, and its your job to liberate them), Stronghold (gang hideouts (the same old, complete a couple of missions and kill the leader)).	Replayability: 6.5/10 - I probably won't play it again once im done with the story and the sidequests until the DLCs are released. However i would give this same rating to the previous titles due to the lack of immersive Multiplayer experience and length of game (with the clear exception of Unity which personally i think is more in line with a 2 or 3 out of 10 in this category)		The game uses a pseudo-version of Shadow of Mordor Ogre system, where by your actions a territory is weakened and you increase the presence of your gang in the city.		New interesting additions:	Grappling Hook: used for navigation	2-Character driving the story - So they are siblings and they have somewhat different goals, on this light you will have to drive parallel storylines that converge and diverge in several occasions. Also you will have a somewhat modified version of Unity item system (level driven items).	Aside from the main hidden blade, you can equip each character with a secondary weapon from any of these three categories: knuckles (brass, iron), Kukri (a small sword/blade), and a cane-sword.		Side-quests: Fight Club, Street Races, Cart Escort, Cart Hijacks, Sabotages
0,This is a nice package of Nintendo 3DS Retractable Stylus'. It's good to keep extras on hand as your kids/grandkids will misplace them.
0,Ive never played a war game before this game is tight. Its like counter strike meets resident evil with a great story. It has really awesome graphics and the best weapons ive used in a first person shooter. Currently the only game I own for ps3 and Im confident its the best available for the time being. If you love action, suspense, and whole lot of options in game play definitley pick this up.
0,I am not even finished with this. It is SO interesting, and there are SO many places to explore. There are no puzzles for the sake of puzzles thus far. I really hate when games do that...like the last Sherlock Holmes game did.		The earie music, and ghosts suddenly moving around, and the MUSEUM!!! So many things to see, and movies to watch.		Maybe you super smarties won't find this enough of a challenge. I want adventure, and a mystery....not the constant puzzle after puzzle.		This has just been a trip! And it takes a while to play this...not because you are stuck on puzzle 2005. It is because this game is so rich in detail and story.
0,I wrote a review for Singstar Pop that I could have copied and pasted here since both games suffer from the same problems. I routinely read the reviews on Amazon before I buy so I knew what I was getting into. The reviews for this game are right on. Everything that is wrong and right with the games has been stated in an earlier review so I won't repeat the info, but as of my last review I had not played the game in duet mode so I wanted to add my comments about that. The duet mode sucks. It alternates between each person singing a few lines individually and then singing some lines together. Overall it is distracting and if you and your duet partner don't have complimentary voices you end up with a painful assault on the ear. Also, I cannot figure out why they would put songs on this game that are already included in the KR series. This is supposed to be Singstar ROCKS, but a more fitting title would be Singstar Rocks---sort of. Who rocks out to Rocket Man? Or Every Breath You Take? The artist lineup is good but they picked some lame songs. Once you sing the few good songs you're ready to go back to your KR games. What they need is a Singstar METAL. Now that might be something. I should mention that is does have a unique feature in that if you have both Singstar games you can swap them in and out without resetting the Playstation. I cuts down on the impatience of waiting for a new game to load. I love KR and it would be great if you could do this with them as well.
0,I bought this console in February.  It has the new Falcon chip and does in fact run cooler and makes less noise.  I have had absolutely no problems with it at all.  I was hesistant after reading alot of negative reviews.  I ended up loving the system.  The controller is great and fits in your hands like a glove.  The online is awesome, downloading content is definitely alot faster than on my PS3.  If your thinking about buying this, I hope this review helps.
0,good way to exercise!
0,As described and a good price
0,Great game, very fun
0,My son is very happy with the gift he enjoys it and loves the color and I am pleased with it.
0,Better than the 3-way adapter i had. This works really great for me on my N64 and my Gamecube. Really happy with the wires now
0,it's mariolart. so it's awesome
0,Very useful for contollers
0,Well worth the money
0,Recomendado
0,I don't play a lot of games and I am a new Mac user as well.  This plays great on my new MacBook Pro, 2.6 GHz, 4 Gb RAM, 512 video RAM, 200 Gb 7200 rpm drive, 17 -inch glossy screen Hi-Res.  Smooth video and action.  No problems what so ever.  I'm very pleased.
0,Enjoyed this game. Spent many hours working on it. I look forward to playing games similar to this one in the future.
0,I love this mouse. It is perfect. I have small hands, and I feel like this mouse was made for me. Also cool that it lights up red.
0,A+ great product
0,This game is not exactly what you call great, but it is good fun, the levels are a bit repetitive but still fun to play, the graphics are great and the story line is good. The bosses are sometimes hard sometimes easy, still you get to release some stres. One thing that I would have loved is to destroy buldings. Still I recomend this game to only comic book fans.		cheers
0,My kids love this game, and never get bored playing it. The music is great, there are many different styles of music to choose from. This is a great addition to the Just Dance games!
0,great game
0,I truly enjoy sniper games on my PC.  As such, I have a good few.  Of all those I have, Sniper Ghost Warrior,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Call-of-Duty-2-Online-Game-Code/dp/B00DP7CKTE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Call of Duty 2 [Online Game Code</a>] and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Sniper-Elite/dp/B0009Z3LGG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sniper Elite</a>&nbsp;are those I play most often.		Obviously the downside to these programs is after playing them a few times you not only get the hang of what to do, you start anticipating the baddies here and there, preset yourself with the appropriate armament and/or ammunition, etc.  That's no fault of the game, it's just how things go.  This is a very enjoyable game.
0,Good game
0,It got me into the series, and is easily one of the best games I have ever played.	It works on xbox 360 slim, all you need is a hard drive and its ready to go, but that's also the reason I don't like xbox, I just happen to have one, and I sure wish this version was on a PlayStation console because the ps2 version does not have the 1st person mode which makes it the scariest!	Also it shipped fast and in excellent condition, support the seller!
0,The most fun I've had in a long time.  Casual game with something for everyone, you'll be trying to complete the main mission but easily side tracked when all of the sudden you are being insulted by a brave but stupid Orc.  They go as far as other orcs rooting for the captain that insulted you.  Well thought out and attentive to detail made this a great buy.
0,This game is full of great stuff for anyone.  With 30 machines to race with, you are bound to find one suited to your racing style.  It has 3 starter "cups", serieses of 6 courses with the 29 other racers, and 3 difficulty levels.  Beating the same cup on all 3 levels will get you a new row of machines to race with (you start with 6).  Once the starter cups have all been beaten on standard difficulty, the "Joker" cup will appear.  It is another set of 6 courses, much more advanced than the others.  The 3 starter cups, plus the "Joker" cup must be completed on all 3 difficulty levels before all 30 machines will be available.  Then, the "Master" difficulty level will come up, and it is EXTREMELY hard to beat, with all of your rivals in the games storyline attack you and basically do anything they can to stop you from winning.  Altogether, this is a gem of a game, with lots of game play variety, multiplayer, and one player.  This is definitely the best racing game made for the N64, and is strongly recommended.
0,It works fine, haven't had a problem. But you have the same options as you would the controller. Only buy it if you want to press a button from a distance and don't want to get up and go to the controller. Not really needed for small rooms, good for lager living rooms.
0,I don't understando why people think that the Final Fantasy series should be only copies of FF3 or FF7. Those are great games, indeed, but they are were they are because they try and did somenthing new. And so does FFXIII. The game has gorgeous graphics, an ok soundtrack and the fighting is extremely fast paced!	I really liked this game. Does it have its faults, yes. But there are MANY other  great things that will make you enjoy the fantastic story it has to tell.
0,Works great
0,husband loves Marvel games, but not Forza 2.
0,I rated this product as I have because it exceeded my expectations. Also, I would recommend this product to others.
0,The best chargers that I have found. I have now bought the PS4 version as well. The flashing light while charging is kind of distracting, but it is not as bright as I expected after reading all of the reviews. I have thought about covering the majority of the lights with electrical tape, but it just doesn't bother me enough. I have had no problems with this charger. I like how you can just set your controller down and it will charge. I have had other chargers and have had nothing but problems, I am glad I found these.
0,Really fun, I don't understand why so many people felt mad, after all the patches and with the season pass I clocked in about a good 300 hours of game play for this. Though some achievements are annoying and the secret online tailing mission is impossible unless you get help from a fellow player.
0,One of the best Resident Evil games. Yes it is very different but I think this is was Resident Evil should always be now, I'm playing it with my gf and it's so much fun even she loves it. The pacing is so good and the horror is delivered perfectly. The atmosphere and map design is awesome and flows perfectly. This is so refreshing after spending 60 dollars on Resident Evil 6. I really hope they continue to make Resident Evil games like this because it is absolutely brilliant.
0,I think the over powered the enemies a little but over all a great game good graphics etc
0,I bought this game expecting the best but realising the flaws of the game are apparent in this version than the XBox original.  First, the level design has gotten simpler in an effort to streamline the original.  However, in an effort to do so, the layouts of the buildings have gotten quite absurd. For example, they now have stationed an office (with the 2 programmers in Kalinatek) behind a wall, aside a narrow corridor. In the last part, with the Palace, they have stationed cameras on bushes!  The XBox version had a more realistic design.  Next, the addition of the new suit and mission is nice, but overall, the additional mission wasn't too exceptional.  Additionally, the loading times for the PS2 version were too long, and the checkpoints were not save points at all on the PS2 version, like the XBox version.  Lastly, the boss fights (especially Grinko's) were stupid and quite annoying.  They streamlined the boss fight too much, and it lacked the realism (and extreme difficulty) of the original.	Now to the props...	The addition of binoculars were great.  They were definitely helpful, especially given the fact that I used the SC-20K's scope as binoculars in the XBox version.  Next, the cinematic movies made more sense and added much more to the story, although the XBox version of the opening cinematic was much better, with the inclusion of the Chemical Brothers' technobeats.  The PS2 version made Sam seem much older with the orchestral music, a disappointment on my behalf.  Lastly, some of the modifications they made in enemy and their placements was greatly appreciated, and it did intensify the situation a wee bit more.	Overall, a very good game and very good PS2 game, but the game is not up to par with the original.
0,About a generation ago, the planet, Evany, was one that suffered from the Imperial plans of a race called the Belial, under their leader, Ozgar.  Ozgar was eventually defeated by an Evany native (this is the plot of Crystal Key 1, BTW) and everything was supposed to be hunky-dory from then on.  But after a few years it became noticeable that the population were turning into mindless zombies.  You play Call, the son of the game's original hero.  Somehow you are unaffected by this soul-loss plague.  In the opening scenes, you are approached by a strange girl who says she's been looking for you.  Just as she is about to explain why, she is spirited away by two creeps in bizarre armour.  But she leaves behind a gateway...	I know many people didn't like CK1.  I, however, did, despite its problems.  If you didn't, though, that's no reason you shouldn't play CK2.  It's a very different game.  Instead of being straight 1st person, it includes many 3rd person cutscenes, for instance.  There are also characters with whom you can interact.  The conversations are not participatory--that is, when you approach someone, the conversation just rolls on without your input (you don't have to choose topics, etc.)  You still have to pay attention, because there are several conversational clues to what you need to do.  The puzzles are generally inventory-based.  There were pros and cons about this.  One thing I liked about CK1 was that many of the puzzles were very intuitive--finding clues, the significance of which was not immediately obvious, to codes and locks and such.  That kind of puzzle was conspicuously absent here, and I found the game very easy.  On the other hand, the inventory was handled well.  It wasn't unwieldy, and items vanished once you had used them up.  There was relatively little pixel hunting, but you do have to look around each area carefully.  Most of the solutions made at least some kind of sense, although I did a fair amount of randomly trying inventory to see if anything worked.	This is a beautiful, beautiful game with many locations to visit.  Some of the back and forthing got to be a bit of a pain, and I thought that in several locations there wasn't enough to do--one in particular seemed completely unnecessary.  The music and f/x are for the most part understated (tho' the jazz in the spaceport bar made me laugh every time).  There are unlimited saves, no timed puzzles, and you can't die.	There are, however, a few bugs.  This game fully installs to your hard drive and you don't need the disc in the drive to play.  It doesn't tell you this anywhere in the manual or readme.  And if you leave the disc in the drive, it can interfer with gameplay--make your inventory disappear, etc.  There are also a couple other bugs I've heard of but did not experience--not being able to get back to a necessary location after forgetting to collect an inventory item was one.  I haven't heard of any patches, so the solution at this point seems to be frequent saving.	CK2 was pretty short (15 hours, maybe) and pretty easy.  The ending, although not as abrupt as its predecessor's, was still pretty abrupt, leaving me wondering if I had missed something.  Still, I enjoyed it.  I recommend it to anyone who likes adventure games.
0,great
0,My husband and I both love this game.  Everyone who has come over falls in love with it and wants one too.  It is so much fun, gets you off the couch, offers a competitive workout tailored to each person's needs.  Can't say enough about this game.  If you are hesitating about buying the game due to the price, trust me, you won't be disappointed!  It's a lot cheaper than a gym membership and a lot more fun.		This game is single-handedly responsible for bringing our Wii back from "hibernation" =)
0,I love it! Despite its launch and problems I am never going to COD every again. Looks and plays very well
0,I think it is an exciting game with good graphic. If you are finding some good game of Vita, you should choose it.
0,[This is one of those rare times where the Wii version of a game that's available on all consoles isn't a stripped down port. Honestly, if you only have a Wii, or tend to buy as many Wii games as you do your other console(s), the only thing that might keep you from buying Skylanders for the 360 or ps3 is if you care much for trophies or achievements. But for some reason, a few of the Skylanders characters are slightly different in the Wii version, being a little better than they are on the other systems. It's not a big deal though. Since the game's essentially the same, my review for the ps3 version will just be carried over here.]		Skylanders...good god, where do I start with this thing? My initial reaction to seeing the game in stores, with the dozens of figures on the shelf, was that it was just a fad and the kind of game that had little content, and was more of a way for the developers to make money rather than have a good game that we'd all be talking about. Well, after Christmas came and went 3 months ago, what is it that's STILL sold out everywhere? That's right. Skylanders figures. Even right now, you're lucky to find even the most unpopular ones anywhere more than a day after a shipment arrives. My daughter wanted this game not really based on how it looked in the commercial, but just by the characters she saw on the figure chart that was given out as a promo item. When the game went down in price a bit, I decided to get it for her birthday, figuring that if she didn't like the game, it wouldn't be a big deal, and that we'd be better off not shelling out the money for figure after figure.		Hoo boy, that was not the case.		Not only is Skylanders a fun game that doesn't treat kids like idiots and hold their hand through every part of the level, but it's one that you can enjoy with your children if you have two controllers. How many games these days have good co-op features that don't involve the same tired war gameplay? Yes, the whole buying individual figures for characters is a little lame, but look at it this way- where you're spending a few dollars just for a character or level for any other game, here you're at least getting a cool little toy that your kids can play with too. Do you have any idea how much I would've loved to have had a figure of Liberty Prime when I bought the Broken Steel DLC for Fallout 3 a while ago? Anyway, the game doesn't force you to have any more characters than the 3 you start out with. But you will be needing one of each type in order to access everything in the game. Each level has an area that can only be opened with a certain type, but let me stress again that you do NOT need to do these areas. What's cool is that each elemental type has 4 characters, all ranging in designs from robots to dragons to human-like creatures. You're bound to find at least one for each type that you'll like, and the best part is that while there -is- a kind of tier list for the game, there's really no such thing as a bad Skylander. All of them are fun to play as in their own way!		The game is easy to play, since it's a standard action dungeon crawler. You run around smashing open treasure chests and barrels to get money (used to upgrade your character's attacks), defeating enemies to gain experience, and can find various hats in the levels to boost a stat or two. The main plot involves a short, evil dude named Kaos who wants to control everything, just as most villains do. You, the person holding the controller, are a Portal Master, and it's your job to send a Skylander into the world and make everything right, defeating Kaos and his minions, and finding special items needed to restore the world.		The Portal that comes with the game works great and is way faster than I expected. As soon as you take a figure off of it, the game goes to the screen telling you to place a Skylander on the Portal, and once you do, it shows the character you selected, and they're zapped right into the game where you left off. It never feels like a chore to change characters, and I'm glad that they got things down with this whole Portal thing. I've yet to have any problems with mine not recognizing a figure or having any other problems. Both my daughter and I love playing the game together, or as a single player game, and collecting money to upgrade attacks. Each Skylander has two paths they can take for improving their attacks. Spyro for example, can continue to upgrade his fire breath, or upgrade his fire charge attack. Which is better? Well, both are good, but it's up to you to pick one. And if you don't like what you picked, you can always reset your Skylander and start from scratch.		I'd say that kids from the ages of 4-10 will probably get the most out of it. The only 'hard' parts in the game involve puzzles, but they're fairly simple. And if they get tired of the main game, there's a Versus battle mode they can play as well, with different modes. There's even a Challenge mode in the main game where you have to complete a certain task, using whatever character you want, and once you beat it, a certain stat will get boosted. If you want to have a really strong Skylander, taking care of these Challenges is a must.		Really, the only complaints I have are that the Portal tends to go through batteries like they're going out of style, and that it's annoying having to sit through Kaos' stupid ramblings of 'Doooooooom' over and over when going back through levels to get 3 stars on each one. I had enough of hearing jokes like that in high school when Invader Zim was popular with the Hot T...I mean, goth kids, and they'd constantly quote it, and not being able to skip over these scenes was irritating. But at least with the battery problem, you can take care of it by getting some good rechargeables. Also, for some reason a lot of the character's voices don't match up with their speech, especially Kaos'. Heck, some characters speak without even moving their mouths. That's just plain weird. Aside from these problems, the game's a blast. The graphics are good, the soundtrack has some memorable pieces, the voice acting is above average, and it's fun going through the levels with all the different Skylanders and seeing what each character has to offer. One quick thing though- it's odd that the game has Spyro's name in the title, and yet they never say his name once in the game, since you can play using whoever you want. You're always referred to as 'Skylander', and there's no talk about Spyro's previous adventures. Look at the game's box- he's not even front and center! He got bumped aside by the Skylander many consider to be the best in the game. Ouch.		We've had the game for less than a month now, and we're up to 11 Skylanders, all of which are getting about equal playtime, and I have to admit that even I get excited when I see a new one on the shelf at the store. Buy this game now! And get ready for the sequel coming out later this year. Hopefully they raise the level cap and add online play...
0,ok
0,Brand new controller and they even included batteries which was very nice. Original xbox controller - works perfect. thank you!
0,I wouldn't call it the best camera but it does a good job for the price and it would have been nice to be able to video record a race while gaming without having to use a video capture card and the computer. You can how ever  use it for head tracking but only in arcade mode. But you can video record whats going on in front of the camera  when you download the Free EYE CAMERA software in PLAYSTATION STORE .
0,HALO 2 on PC. I would recommend this for people who still want to play HALO 2 multiplayer but cant because the Xbox servers got shut down, or people who want proof on their Xbox gamertag that they did beat HALO 2 on Legendary (every game inculding 4 woot!).		NOTE: I use and Xbox 360 controller for most of my PC gaming. Because this is labeled as Games For Windows if you use an Xbox 360 controller like me the buttons are already mapped the same as they are for the console version.		EDIT: Since I bought this product the disk drive on my Laptop has broken but I have found that I can still run the game so after you have installed without inserting the disk.		EDIT 2: Now that 343 Industrys at Microsoft owns the rights to the HALO franchise they are responding to poor sales by shutting down the HALO 2 PC servers on Febuary 16, 2013.		EDIT 3: 343 is now keeping the servers open through June 2013 and their are talks that commmunity dedicated servers will still be work so i still reccomend this game.
0,Came in a timely manner and as described.
0,This is a very nicely molded figure. I'm always impressed with how cool these Amibos look. Excellent quality.
0,i love it
0,I didn't know I would love Legend of Zelda since I am a tetris/mario/phoenix wright kind-of-girl. Anyway I start to fall in love with Legend of Zelda: Link to the Past as the game grows on me (with some help from the game guide). Cannot wait for Legend of Zelda: the Phantom Hourglass to come home (I pre-ordered it already!)
0,I was never a really big fan of sci-fi, and Star Wars just wasn't my thing. I couldn't really care less about those darned rebels. Obviously, my expectations for Rogue Squadron that summer day were not very high.		But you know what? I played the first mission and I was pleasantly surprised. The game actually wasn't that bad!  It was actually quite entertaining just flying around and shooting these drones out from the sky. The game really isn't that easy to learn, especially if you buy the game used without an instruction booklet. There are basically a lot of nooks and crannies that I have yet to figure out, like what right-C does, or how bombs work. But the introductory missions are fun and pretty easy. However, the gameplay got to be quite repetitive. I mean, you just go around and shoot enemies from the sky. Yay. There are also a lot of sections where you have nothing to do, and it gets boring. Maybe I could have moved on to the third mission.		I also realized how visually stunning the game is. I have an Expansion Pak, so I really don't have a clue what the game would be like without it, but the graphics are just so crisp, at least certain features. The buildings and structures and ships and stuff look great, almost to the level of Half-Life. But the graphics for the people/Storm troopers leave more to be desired. They are obviously sprites. The music does have a Star Wars feel to it, and that's growing on me. I sometimes get certain tunes stuck in my head, and I don't mind. Most of the music is in the menus, though. 40 minutes of speech is nice, if only I could understand half of it. Rogue Squadron has no multiplayer, which is too bad. It would have been fun. Oh well. Overall, I actually kind of enjoyed this game.
0,The EX03 was very easy to pair with my PS3, worked well, and was so comfortable to wear that I almost forgot that I had it on. It is also surprisingly compact - much more so than the product photos indicate, and looks durable enough to last me a while.		~A_E~
0,Great game but curious why this Lego game is so much higher in price than the others.
0,there fun
0,Simply assembly yields sturdy stepper that increases your heart rate during workout with the Wii. Used with Wii fit, Biggest Loser, & Gold Gym's Boxing games.
0,Great!!
0,Diary of Ragnar Jarlson		20th of June, 1312:		  Passed my manhood trials today.  Had to fight the best warrior in the villiage, who's a pushover.  Didin't even break out a sweat.  Then that nasty guy Conrack attacked our longboat and sank it.  Everyone's dead...except for me.  After swimming through lots and lots of underwater caverns, i'm now fighting my way past snake things, goblins, and crabs.  This doesn't feel right.  I'm a viking.  Shouldn't I be fighting...uh...other vikings?  Running around caverns killing snake things doesn't really fit into the job description of "Viking."		  Oh well, I shouldn't complain.  I'ts easy to do all the stuff a viking can do, like run, jump, swim, and attack wtih my weapons.  Need to get bigger swords.		22nd of June, 1312:		  Spent my second day in Hel today, fighting zombies!  Man, these buggers are everywhere!  And there are still more crab things to fight.  At least I keep getting bigger and better weapons.  Hel itself is an interesting place to vist, but i'm not sure I want to live here.  Lots of lava, huge caverns, and that creepy chick Hel talks to me occasionally in that creepy voice of hers.  No wonder Odin banished her down here.		  There were a few tricky traps as well.  I have to watch out everywhere, to make sure I don't get burned to a crisp, or worse.  Right now i'm in a room that has a lot of stone platforms lying on the ground, and the floor is made out of steel grills.  Hmm...maybe that switch will do something...		23rd of June, 1312:		  Note to self:  Do not pull every switch you see in Hel.  I'm lucky to have escaped with burned feet, and those rooms filled with spinning sharp insturments wasn't too pleasant either.  But i've gotten bigger weapons!  I was lucky to get out of this mountain range, but damn it's cold out here in the snow.  Wish I had a shirt.  Guess it's into that fortress in the distance for me...		24th of June, 1312		  At last, i'm fighting actual vikings!  Too bad there are a lot of them, and they have very sharp curvey axes.  The good thing is, i've got one of those axes in my hands, already stained with the blood of many dark vikings.  Hehe.  Good thing my foes are pretty stupid.  I can just walk backwards, let em' come forward, and then slash once.  Rinse and repeat until they die.  Works every time.  I do admit, the food here is quite tasty.  If I take a drink of mead (or as other people call it, beer), my health suddenly goes up, and it's fun to smash the mug afterwards.  Sure beats eating lizards all the time.		  And I keep getting bigger weapons!		26th of June, 1312:		  Finished going through some rather big mountains.  Keep getting bigger weapons, keep killing goblins, and fighting giant snow beasts.  No places to stay around here, but the scenery sure is pretty.		  But a thought about my weapons.  Why did Odin, in his infiniate wisdom, let the rune powers I aquire last less then thirty seconds?  I risk my life to fill up my power bar, and most of my weapons deplete over half of it when I use the rune magic.  In my opinion, using power for only thirty seconds when you risk your life for it, is not really worth it.  But I have to admit, freezing enemies is quite cool.		27th of June, 1312:		  I'm finally out of the dwarf city.  Those little punks were a pain in the butt.  They sure are ugly, they have riddiculously huge feet, and they sound funny.  But at least I picked up some bigger weapons along the way!  This huge, blood-stained hammer sure is mighty satisfying to carry and swing around.  And I got this nifty suit of viking armor as well.  I've started to notice at this point that all I do nowadays is fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, pull a switch, fight, fight, jump, jump, fight, and fight.  But at least the scenery changes a lot, so I never get bored exploring the enviornment.  And I still get to fight zombies!		28th of June, 1312:		  I think this will be my last entry.  That punk Conrack is down here somewhere...I can feel it.  And it helped that Odin appeared and told me that.  I have to hunt him down, and take him out.		  But...it's creepy down here.  There are lots of zombies, but they're changing.  Getting bigger...stronger...more demonic.		  And that laughter...		I'm not sure what lies before me.  I've gotten all the weapons that i'll find on my quest.  And the last ones have been huge.  That dwarf battle axe, in paticular, is so large I can barely lift it, let alone swing it.		  Overall, it's been a fun, hack and slash quest.  I'm so glad I haven't had to push any boxes, just have to flip switches and jump a lot.		  If Odin gave me the chance, i'd gladly go on this quest again.  It's a lot of fun.		  But my destiny calls me.  I must continue onwards.  The laughter is getting louder, and my heart is beating faster with fear.		  I must press on...
0,I am a programmer by profession and I need a standard keyboard. By night I am hardcore gamer, and I need a keyboard that will perform and give me an edge. My previous keyboard was the Ideazon MERC. The thing I liked about the MERC was that it operated well as a standard keyboard, but was still advantageous as a gaming keyboard. Most gaming keyboards are either just regular keyboards with useless bling, or so strange and game-centered that they aren't useful for everyday use. The MERC keyboard layout is well suited for gaming and everyday use.	While I found the standard MERC to be a good keyboard for gaming, I found it to be lacking in feel and illuminated keys.... I set out to find I new illuminated keyboard and I discovered the MERC Stealth.	I was hesitant to purchase the MERC Stealth because I was concerned that the touch/feel of the keys would be similar to the standard MERC - I greatly disliked the feel of the standard MERC because it felt the same as a super-discount $4.95 keyboard from the mega-computer-store. Upon removing the MERC Stealth from the box, all my fears were put to rest. This keyboard is heavy and feels of quality. The cable to the computer feels much more heavy-duty than the original MERC.		The MERC Stealth is everything I wished the MERC keyboard was and more: Responsive keys, illuminated keys, and as a bonus: 2 addition USB ports and microphone/headphone jacks.		The keyboard has 3 colors: blue, red, and purple. And it has 3 backlight levels, in addition to OFF!! which seems to be lacking from many lighted keyboards. While I prefer blue color aesthetically, red seems to be the most useful in low-light situations. My wife loves the purple color... I only wish the color could be changed automatically upon login to Windows.		My only complaint about this keyboard is about the onboard USB ports. These ports are next to useless for most USB flash drives as they do not provide enough power for any of my flash drives >1GB. They don't even supply enough power to run my high resolution laser optical mouse. They do, however, work with my Forcefeedback 2 controller which supplies it's own power... but big deal, more cord to coil up from the controller. It would be nice if these ports could be used for anything other than USB devices that supply their own power.		If you liked the MERC, you will love the MERC Stealth. This is quite possibly the BEST gaming keyboard that is on the market today.
0,I really enjoy this game! I love how much stuff you get to blow up!
0,Still kind of glitchy but not as bad as the previous edition. I will say this is the best of the UFC games so far.
0,God I get tried if writing reviews, I just want to buy a product and go on with my life	Sorry	David
0,Medal of Honor: Allied Assault may be the most exciting game I have ever played. The gameplay is quick and fun, and the graphics are great!	It is imperitave that you buy this if you are into PC games. You will NOT regret it!
0,You know you need it if you just got or plan to get a New 3DS XL. At this time, they come with no charger. I had to pick one of course.
0,Looks beautiful and the multiplayer is still as imbalanced as I remember. A great re-release
0,Works good so far
0,Governments should take a lesson from this game. Srsly, lol.
0,I'm mainly a console gamer and play on my PS3 quite often.  Due to this fact, I occasionally miss the feel of a controller in my hand when playing games on my PC.  For an average thumb jockey like myself, I have no clue how keyboard ninjas manage to hit countless hotkeys with so much precision.  I am overjoyed to have a joystick like this come along and be available to use on complicated flight sim games or fighting games.  Below I will give you the highlights and lowlights of this joystick...		(To skip to the main points, simply read the headers of each section.)		THE GOODS:		Quick and Nimble Response Time-	This pro is a biggie for me.  Joysticks I've used in the past had some annoying lag problems and caused me to crash and burn.  This particular one responds so well to every button press, quicker than even my PS3 controller in fact!  The only drawback though is that buttons beside the trigger button have a tad too much firmness to them.  Which means I have to put a bit of force in my button pushes to get the desired results.		Excellent Control and Precision-	While this is not a crucial criteria for games that merely require you to walk your character forward, this is absolutely critical for flight sim games.  A stiff joystick delivers terrible result in such games and can truly make the experience less enjoyable.  This particular one gives you an incredible amount of control and allows you to gauge your movements with precision.  It rotates with very little resistance and feels incredibly natural.		Comfortable Grip-	I love how the joystick just fits in the hand so perfectly, almost like a glove.  Despite the smooth texture, its far from slippery and I can maintain a grasp of it for hours.  The two things I dislike however, are the stiff trigger with uncomfortable ridges (will go into that later) and the far too low hand rest.  I have smaller hands, so if I lay my hand on the rest, my index finger only reaches the bottom of the trigger.  Those with larger hands may not experience this issue but its still a big enough annoyance for me to complain about.  Regardless of these flaws, using this joystick still feels like an effortless experience.		Sturdy Base-	The base on this device is just brilliant.  It doesn't add a ton of weight to the apparatus so you can easily pick up and reset the joystick.  It has performed so well that I only had a couple near topple occurrences.  Usually such instances happen when I'm doing an emergency nose dive and have no choice but to act fast.  In such cases, I only had the base lift an inch or so off my desk.		THE BADS:		Big Footprint-	Unfortunately the price to pay for a sturdy base is the big footprint this joystick leaves.  You have to clear just enough room for it to fit amongst all the other paraphernalia on your desk.  This isn't that much of a negative however, this joystick may be a bit too bulky for gamers with modest desk space.		Right Hand Only-	Left handed gamers will find this joystick to be utterly unusable.  Not only is the hand rest curvature sitting on the right side but all the programmable buttons are placed on the left side.  Meaning that a left handed gamer cannot lay their hand on the rest and they will have to uncomfortably reach over the stick to use any of the buttons.  This may seem like a small flaw but in reality is quite fatal as it limits those who can purchase this joystick.		Stiff Trigger-	I would appreciate if the trigger on the joystick was not so stiff.  I believe a trigger that could be depressed more would cause less pressure on my index finger.  I also dislike the ridges placed on the trigger.  I understand they are included to prevent slipping off the button, but perhaps a texturized trigger could have solved this problem better.		All in all, this is a great joystick for average or expert thumb jocks alike.  Despite its quirks, it  preforms incredibly well and can stand up to a good deal of abuse.  I would definitely say this joystick is still a contender against the latest joysticks on the market.
0,I primarily use this fight pad for smash bros therefore will only review this controller based on my experience with this game.  In terms of the button layouts, it is identical to the GameCube controller, so if you're used to playing on the GameCube, adjustments will not be needed.  In regards to the weight of the remote, it is much lighter than the GameCube remote.  I don't know if it's a good or bad thing for some of you, but being an Xbox owner, I like my remotes with a bit of weight on it.  It doesn't really affect gameplay, but it's just a bit odd that it's so light.  It terms of input, the only gripe I have for the fight pad, is the left joy stick.  It's just a bit too sensitive.  Sometimes I just want to move slightly pick up an item (smash bros) and struggle to do so, because of the sensitivity.  It tends to "flick" and moves the character too much.  I would've given this product a 5-star rating had this not been an issue.  What really sold me on this item was that it didn't require an adapter.  It plugs right into the wii remote.  Another plus is that you won't have an issue with the cord being too short or cluttery since the wii remote can sit on your lap or right next to you.  If you don't have a wii remote, I do recommend buying the wii u pro controller.  Sure the button layout is different, but it doesn't take long to adjust and it's completely wireless and has no joystick "flicker" problem.  All in all, I highly recommend the fight pad if you already have a wii remote.
0,excellent game, had  been fan of the game since the very first  GT in PSone. love it. very dificult to take the corners
0,I Like the grip and the new action controls. also along with the shocks now in it! very nice upgrade.
0,My son actually had a "Dogz" and "Catz" game similar to this for our computer some years ago. Very fun...very cute but wow, how far the technology has come in a few short years! First of all, the images are amazing and very crisp and clear. Secondly, he'll play it for hours on end (if I let him) and really seems to be doing something constructive rather than just shooting things and running in circles finding coins. The voice recognition is really genius, he's the only one that can train the dog he's chosen, even if his friends decide they'd like to try the game. It also teaches  responsibility before the fact if you are thinking of getting a pet. No...it's not "real life" but it's the coolest virtual thing I've seen in a long time! It's not a bad price as games go, and it really will keep the kids occupied for a long time. I just think it's really neat and hey, it's not annoying like a Furby.
0,This collector's edition is awesome, it includes many things inside the box.
0,My husband is pleased with the new mouse. He especially likes the corded wire, it's added protection against little kitten teeth! I would buy from this seller again. It arrived intact, in the original box.
0,System is in good condition, like stated.  Controller was messed up, but LukieGames replaced the controller with one that works like new after contacting them. 5/5 for good support.
0,I would call this the best Lego game ever made, except that I really like Lego LOTR's hub world.  This game has great fun, creativity, music, variety, characters, and levels.  It is without a doubt the COMPLETE Indy experience, covering everything from the trilogy (I am not a Crystal Skull fan).  You can relive every fun moment with every character I could imagine from the movies.  It's comedy fun tromping around with oddball combinations of characters.  My kids (and I) laugh with glee taking Sallah and his shovel and smacking Lego Nazis into little piles of Lego coins.  It makes effective use of the great John Williams score, and will even teach you to distinguish between the scores of the three movies--which are each great in their own way.  Lastly, Indy's workplace, Barnett College, is the "hub world" from which you move between levels, view your treasures, and so on.  I have played through to 100% completion twice, and I don't think I've encountered a single glitch or bug.  Every time I play it, it puts a smile on my face.  Highest recommendation for kids and adults alike.
0,Works great!!!  No problems!!!  A+++++
0,Believe me when I say that I've played practically every RPG that has come out for the Gameboy Advance SP. Out of all that I've played, I've highly, highly recommended Golden Sun-Golden Sun: The Lost Age-Lunar Legend-Breath of Fire 1&2-Tactics Ogre:Knights of Lodis-Final Fantasy Tactics Advance-Fire Emblem-Advance Wars 1&2 and Demikids. I'll admit, there are more out there but too numerous to mention. At any rate, add another one to the list...Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga. Although not an actual sequel to Paper Mario, this game is an absolute blast to play. The story goes something like this...An evil witch has stolen Princess Peach''s voice, replacing her fair speech with explosives! As chaos breaks out in the Mushroom Kingdom, Mario and Luigi head for the castle and meet up with Bowser, who had just arrived to kidnap the princess. When they find out what happened, these sworn enemies join forces and go beyond the borders of the Mushroom Kingdom, following the witch to a neighboring kingdom. After an aerial ambush crashes their ship and sends Bowser to who-knows-where, Mario and Luigi embark on foot, learning new moves and combining their brotherly might to fight off enemies as they venture toward the kingdom''s castle. If the witch finds the Magic Beans hidden deep within the castle, then all may already be lost. The residents of this new land prize humor and laughter above all else, so the brothers' adventure quickly takes on the tone of their humor and personality and that is where it begins.	With unique RPG elements, you can level up Mario and Luigi, increasing their stats and powers. To me what makes this game so special is its' puzzlesolving elements. Although it looks like a kiddie game, it's anything but. Even if you hate Mario and Luigi, you owe it to yourself to play this awesome RPG. You'll definitely get your money's worth as it's a long one. Course, a seasoned RPG fan will blow through this in no time. I loved it. You will, too. Here's hoping Nintendo plans another game for the Gameboy Advance SP. It's amazing.
0,As expected. good
0,Still works great.
0,Literally, this is a good weekend, you can fly through this whole game in about 8 hours, if you like, or you can invest weeks into completing and maxing everything.  Either way is fun, hence the purpose of buying it, the replay value!
0,Works well and was easy to put on. Has not been used much but protects well enough for us.
0,Lots of bang for your buck. Hours of game play !!!
0,I liked it because I love the sword action, as if your holding the sword in your hand. If you like adventure games and swords you will like this game.
0,Wii is my first ever game console--I know but hey I am 43.  I'm not totally new to gaming, played Pac Man, Donkey Kong, and even some modern arcade games.  I have to say that Guitar Hero III for Wii is sooooo much fun.  I think everyone needs to try it.  It is worth every penny.		I had Wii for a month and hardly used it, till Guitar Hero arrived.  I started it on Friday evening, by Monday night I had cracked the entire easy level and was buying songs from the store.  AND they had Lacuna Coil--a favorite band of mine.  (it was about 15 hours of play over that period)		Except for the wrist ache, I have nothing but great things to say about this game.  The songs are so much fun, most of them I've listen to through out my life.  The only song that stumped me on easy is the Slayer song.  I just could not get passed it, strange beat and all.  But I even won the guitar battles and after about 10 tries, I finally beat the Charlie Daniels battle--which is soooooo much fun to play.		You truly feel like you are rocking out to these songs.  This game is so brilliant.  And the money the artists are making by placing their songs on the game---wow, how great for them.  In the store you can even puchase a song by Killswitch Engage, an up and coming metal band.  Very impressive and what a way to promote hard rock and metal music.		So if you are thinking about this game,  think no more.  It is worth every penny.
0,Sweet mouse, the fps button is like a built in hack for shooters haha. The mouse is clean and has xool lights.
0,"<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Super-Smash-Bros-Brawl/dp/B000FQ9R4E/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Super Smash Bros. Brawl</a>" is an exceptional competitive video game featuring characters from almost every Nintendo franchise imaginable.  Its unique gameplay, "sumo-wrestling"-style victories, unlockables, and collectibles make this mind-boggling fan service wrapped up in a family-friendly punching and kicking game.		As far as a learning curve, it's pretty low.  I have NEVER played the original "Super Smash Bros." for the N64.  In fact, I only played the sequel "Super Smash Bros. Melee" for the GameCube ONCE and didn't really care for fighting games at the time.  However, even with my relative inexperience with the series, the game mechanics, and the controls... the third iteration of the series, "<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Super-Smash-Bros-Brawl/dp/B000FQ9R4E/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Super Smash Bros. Brawl</a>", is easy to pick up and play... and fun for years.		Last night I had people over to play multiplayer "Brawl" and it was great.  It didn't matter who was winning or who was losing, I haven't laughed like that in a long time.  I thoroughly enjoy it.
0,Well, here I am again, another game review--with another one star rating--while everybody else says it's great.		PROS:		Looks good--seems to run without hangups.		CONS:		1.  More default aiming as if you were drunk and couldn't shoot.	2.  After you get pass the default aiming--not much better.	3.  No shooting while you move (when you should be running and shooting).	4.  You have to stop, you have to take aim (no hip shooting)...then shoot.	  By the time you get that first shot off--your are surrounded.	5.  Target reticle (of course) is way off center of where the gun points.	six I'm in a tight spot-spent over an hour trying to get out.  Couldn't do it.  Tried to restart the game to opening credits--couldn't do it.  Stopped the game (exit program) and tried to start new game--no go.  Uninstalled the flaming program...reinstalled the program--it ask me if I want to continue.  (gun to forehead by now)	7.  Went on line (look for a workaroung on Windows live)  as soon as the tray went in...the game crashed my entire system--blue screen of death.		8.  Sound of gunshoot--last thing I remember....	9.  Recuring memories replaying but fading away....I'm in Africa...something's chasing me.  I run.  I stop infront of table.  I have to ask for permission to jump over it.  I get permission....	10.  Flash of light shows my shadow on wall behind table--hatchet sticking out of head.  (I took too long to jump...they caught up with me).	11.  Dying memory of me showing up in Africa to save the world without somuch as a sling shot.	12.  More dying memories...Got armed by a 'special agent'...he gives me one pistol and ten rounds of ammo--cheap so-n-so!	13.  Nice partner...only one pistol and ten rounds--cheap fluzie!	14.  Together (with fourty rounds (after hunting) we walk down a path, jump to lower level...enter door........50,000 zombies....40 rounds ammo....no ladder to climb back....zombies close....one big hooded one--axe swinger--(looks like some fornicating publican with a really big axe.	15.  Cutie partner screams (out of ammo)...dead.	16.  I'm dead.  Big ax hits me.  49095 zombies suddenly get a little fatter.		THE END		Resurrected.  Some 'ONE' up there told me how to start a new game.  Still don't like that aiming...takes all the enjoyment out of the game, and life,--no kidding.		UPDATE;  I decided I was wrong to give the game a one star rating since I didn't like it.  It 'did' run just fine and because there is a following for such a game I decided I shouldn't 'one star rate' their game.  After all, I wouldn't mind having the 'ultima' series from 25 years ago.  It wouldn't be right if somebody came along and torpedoed it either, for the same reason.		So there it is, five stars because it runs fine and there is a following who like that sort of game...but it just isn't for me--too bad part--of it was interesting, but those problems I listed above just take all the fun out of it for me.
0,Perfecto
0,if you play a lot on your 3DS, this will help your hand so MUCH. its super comfortable and fits so snuggly on your 3DS. this is the Best product for your 3DS and if you don't want cramped hands lol. GET IT!
0,the castlevania franchise is the greatest video game franchise in the universe a true classic the best of the best the castlevania franchise rocks all the castlevania games konami made are the greatest video games in the universe there true classics the best of the best all the castlevania games konami made rocks konami is the greatest video game company in the universe there true genius's the best of the best konami rocks 2015 is the greatest year for konami ever a perfect year the best of the best 2015 rocks for konami all the games konami made over the years are the greatest video games in the universe there true classics the best of the best all the games konami made rocks
0,Looks fantastic for a PS3 game. Runs stable as well. Story is pretty average for an AC game, but it does what it needs to do. Gameplay is the typical AC fare, you'll run on roofs, scale walls, assassinate targets, counter entire hordes of enemies, etc.
0,I played this and it is sooo fun. Totally recommend it and it is almost just like the gameshow on tv. How nice is that. And, you can go online and play against opponents online as well. Cool. Very fun!
0,I like this game. It looks well on my windows 7 computer. Sometimes it would mess up the controls a little bit but overall it's great. The visuals are awesome, the music is wonderful. My only complaint is you can't save the resolution of the screen for some odd reason. I have to go changed it every time I load the game. But other than that, good game to play!
0,I've played all the mario karts on the main consoles (SNES, N64, Wii/Wii U) and love everyone of them!  The game maintains its ability to hold onto all the fun and mechanics.  The main thing i love about this version is that it has upgraded a few tracks from some of the older generation mario karts.  The balance seems pretty smooth so far, not like some of the rediculous cheating it did back in the 64 days, lol.		This game deserves a spot on the shelf for your home collection!
0,excellent brand, good product quality a product feature that I recommend to anyone.
0,good
0,Great game
0,Great game!!
0,Okay, I'm not very far in this game so let's just say this is more of a first impressions at 3 hours in.		Firstly, I was really happy to find that this game was some kinda special edition, big box and artbook included! Wasn't expecting that, it's some kinda launch edition so, good start there.	I love the art on this game, it's what sold me initially, other than 1 early 30 second gameplay trailer ...from MONTHS ago I'm in blind. The game is very pretty (too pretty as the framerate gets a bit choppy in areas) and it carries a lot of style to the 3DS, despite it being a sort of dungeon crawler the areas seem pretty varied so far.	Battles are fast and fun, characters have slick and fast attacks and each class seems to have a decent array of moves at their disposal, buffed by the fact you can pick what ones to get and upgrade with skill points.	Battles almost feel like Phantasy Star IV, well animated monsters with your characters darting in for the attack, just as fast too...So that wins me right there.		The art is, so, freaking, pretty. I really like the style they have going here, it's really pulled me in. The story seems pretty heavy from the get-go (I've not played the previous releases of this game as they are Japanese only) dragons are invading and you have to stop them and have some special means to do so. So, you create a character (it's a very simple system, 2 styles and 3 color pics), pick a class, a voice (from a huge list) then you do the same for your allies.		The game I have to applaud for not wasting your time, battles as I said are fast, you have a good movements speed and when at your base you can teleport to any floor. When you're in the field you have teleport points where you can jump back to base and back to the field at that spot, so you don't really feel like you're fighting the game for progress.		BIG PLUS: You don't have to worry about losing your way in the plot if you put the game down for too long, which is nice. Like Phantasy Star IV's TALK function, In Dragon 3 you can go to NAVI and it will remind you what you're supposed to be doing.		It's got some funky tunes, I really like them ...they're kinda retro but in a PS1/Sega Genesis kinda way if that makes any sense. Get your headphones it's funky and good.	The game chugs on the 3DS at times, on the field that is the framerate can go low, nothing unplayable or anything but it's worth noting.  I have the new variant and I'm wagering it does not take any advantage from the extra power. Maybe another user with the original 3DS can comment on how it handles there.		I may update this later but I'm really enjoying myself with it, my biggest complaint (which isn't the fault of the game) is it's on the 3DS and can't be put on a TV like the GBA, GBC/GB which is a shame. But that doesn't take away from the game itself which is very good.
0,I like this game . I love fight games!
0,keeps all my games safe as i do not have many also matches my carrying case as a bonus lol
0,Perfect
0,I made this a few days after release. [...]		Here's my review on what is one of, if not the, biggest game and what some say the most overrated game, of all-time. I've only played it for about 6 hours, so I will probably be editing this review. This is my first impression. ( Note: I didn't play the beta. )		Graphics: 4.5/5 Look quite good, but don't really blow you away. The character models for the most part look phenomenal, and the environments do as well. Still, it's not the most impressive looking game out there right now. Hell, to all the whiners, I'd rather have an okay looking game that runs smoothly than a fantastic looking game that lags a lot.		Sound: 5/5 Top notch. The talking throughout your men in campaign is really well done. The voice acting in the cut scenes are also great. You will likely never hear the same thing twice in battle. The explosions and guns still sound fantastic too. Everything Halo 2 sounded like, but better.		Control: 4.5/5 Not quite perfect. In my opinion, Halo 2 had better controls for a 360 controller. Still, Halo 3 doesn't control bad, but it does take some getting used to. Such as you having to learn how to use the RB button to get in vehicles and pick up guns and what-not, as well as reload, instead of using the X button used in Halo 2. Still controls very well though.		Fun: 5/5 I must say, this game left a great first impression. I started with Campaign first, and was less than surprised at the start, mainly because the game kept on lagging. But once the game started going, the Campaign got pretty fun. And, in case you don't already know, you can have four person co-op, which makes Legendary quite a bit easier to play through. ( Still not a sinch in any stretch of the imagination though. ) I could review this game all day. The single player, co-op, Forge, multiplayer, all the maps, how the guns hold up, the AI, the ability to record your games, and what not. All I really need to say though, is it's worth it. There aren't many maps currently available to play on Halo 3, but just about all of them are a lot of fun. If you don't think they are at first, go ahead and play them a few times. The game looks good, controls great, and sounds fantastic. Almost everything about this game that I've seen so far is top notch.		5/5
0,The game is very fun and very different, I just wish there were more original fps games. It is futuristic but they don't overdo the tech in the game.
0,This Xbox system did the job for my kids, but now they wanted a upgrade to the NEW Xbox. Well they will get what they want as always. It is a great system and believe it or not, when i sold this one, i got half of my money back two years later. I contribute that to the kids taking care of there investment.  Now they have the NEW XBOX with Kinect..
0,Item exactly as described!
0,I know alot of people diss this game but think of when it came out. It basically was the example for modern graphics in games. Sure it's pretty easy but i think it's great for it's time.
0,Great game, but some of the items rewarded through quests latter in the game are impracticable. Otherwise, still fun, with lots of side quests, and ways to traverse all areas.
0,Great game when playing co-op.
0,Gave it as a birthday gift, they loved it
0,This is one of the truly best games for the system.  It is a lot of fun to slash and hack at monsters in a game and this one is just about the top of the heap when it comes to this.  Also appreciated are the amazing visuals, excellent character control and decent storyline.  Best of all for me was the fact that the game is not too frustrating.  Easy mode is fun to play through and doesnt have too many of the wandering around wondering what to do next moments of Resident Evil.  After you finish this mode you can go back and go through in hard mode with ramped up monsters etc.  Overall it is a fast paced thrill ride, definitely worth your dollars or at least an extended rental.  A word of caution, it is a very violent game so it is not for everyone.  Still for those mature enough to not be scarred by a story about a half man/half demon this game will hit the spot.  It is a single player adventure.
0,Like BRAND NEW video game!
0,I really wish I pre-ordered this game because it was a hard time to find the actual game at a store. I went through a Best Buy, GameStop, Target, and then finally ended at another GameStop where they had only three copies left in stock (I had to call ahead to reserve one).		Anyways, when I finally got home and popped the disc into my PS4, I was already getting anxious whenever I stumbled upon the main menu. The music of the game was already immersing me into the eerie state of the story, I had goosebumps of an incoming fear.		I haven't completed the game yet but after playing through about an hour of it, I'm already amazed. I think the last time I jumped so much was when I played P.T. for the first (Silent Hills Playable Teaser). There was one scene where my wireless headset almost broke because I literally flew out of my chair in fear and my headset went flying off my head (thankfully my soft carpet broke its fall), but make sure you bring extra pairs of underwear before hitting "New Game" on the main menu.		A feature I really like about the game is how you can see how a character's relationship with another character changes as you make decisions along the story that effect that character.		In the final verdict, I recommend this game to anyone who loves the horror genre in general. Someone who loves getting scared by endless jump-scares, following along the personalities of a variety of characters, and being immersed into a story that makes you think and sit at the edge of your chair. P.S. Seriously, at least consider my underwear advise.
0,Good.
0,Awesome game, I got it just bcause I had the 3rd one and wanted to see how hte first one is, just as good as pajamam sam you are what you eat form your head to feet
0,This game is fun for any age. The songs are hip and fun to dance to. The mic makes the game seem like a karoke machine. My kids want to play this game non-stop.
0,Coming from a Razer death adder, this mouse is well made, and so comfortable!
0,Freaking awesome, really enjoyed it!
0,As for the game I have not seen a game with so many stories all in one game, not just little backstarts like in Temple of Elemental Evil's Lawful/good/chaos/evil differintations but a drama that plays out for each and every race and background.  Though it's the Greywardens you must ultimately sign on to the rest of the story is unique to each character. I adorred the touching element not taken seriously in most games in the peasant version of each character and the royal version was motivating too.  The Human class has very little choice in background except as a wizard but the dwarf had the king and pauper choice and elf has many choices and dramatic differences in each.  The humans are intersting in that their "mundain" little insular sect in the world is like playing "Siege of Avalon" an action medival game with no fantasy yet the world beyond those human constructed walls is magical in nature here, unlike "mount and blade" or "Siege". Since each race has it's own agenda each race is more interesting to play as before I usually played only humans in Baldur's Gate and such as the other races had no real baring and I could not relate to a dwarf running around in Candlekeep or in the achademy at NWN. you will relate here to just what a dwarf is or an elf.(according to the rules of this particular game).  THose plots are race/class(as in noble/peasant) exclusive.  Humans have only the nobility and the wizard backgrounds.  If you don't like heavy dialogue and long history lessons about this "Draconic" world don't bother with the title if you don't like action and are into "text adventrue" don't bother with this title, it is very action oriented in many places along with the dialogue. The humans fight like in diablo(on "nightmare" difficultiy) and many quests have little dialouge only the towns you report to have much and it plays like Ultima or Vampire Masqarade in that reguard hack and slash on the jobs then talk talk talk! in town.  as for activation, I was reluctant on this title but it can be downloaded or bought on DVD and need only be activated once(so far) I found I could play offline hacker free and get back on to download additonals or spill the beans to the Dragon Age Community. THat's the way it should work but I don't like the idea of Best Buy's failing email system they debit my credit then have me call a toll based number to "aid" in my retreving my files for download. El Retardo! since the game must be activated online why not have a bloody e-mail!  However thier is an alternative.  Don't buy(downloaded software) from BB unless they fix thier email system! activation is a hazzard you must call them and they will only say to call a long distance number to thier "server".  The lady said the email as down yet was not too concerned I should call a toll number to get my game.
0,Good price, code works. What more do you want?
0,Love the item
0,Packages are very good as we have everything to plug and play. I had my son using it in a minutes after installation.
0,This is in my group of games that I play over and over.
0,I would like to start off with a comment on the newbie reviews which have criticized this game for playing more like an interactive movie than a game. Such criticism would be just fine, except it is the frequently expressed philosophy of its developers - they market their games based on the "movie" aspect, and remarks by Hideo Kojima and much of his staff + company to that effect can be found on the Internet. Complaining that this plays more like an interactive movie is like going to Iron Man  and complaining it about it being a Super-Hero movie. Nobody tricked you, and if you'd done adequate research before buying it (which you're supposed to do for any costly product), then you would have known it wasn't the game for you. Now, there are some sophisticated reviews by old-timers that also criticize this for playing more like an interactive movie, and while I don't agree with them completely, I have some respect for their judgment.		First, the storyline. Well, like all the Metal Gear Solid games, it includes scenes that other developers would have only included in the out-takes, that is, the funny actor goof-ups they show after a movie. Basically I mean scenes which break the fourth-wall or seem too ridiculous to actually be apart of a serious commentary on genetic engineering, living in the Age of Information, and warfare and its effects on the economy and world culture. Similar to the negative comments about this playing like an interactive movie, this is kind of the signature mark of both the game series itself and the developers in general - thematically speaking, Metal Gear Solid is very postmodern in both style and focus, and these disruptive scenes are consistent with that spirit.		As for the plot: it is a masterful conclusion to the Metal Gear Solid series as a whole, synthesizing bits and pieces from all the old games to create a finale which leaves all the mysteries explained. I did feel it betrayed (completely reversed) some of the spirit of MGS1, but I suppose that makes since considering MGS1 and Shadow Moses was "the beginning" and MGS4 "the end." Some will complain the story is presented in a fragmented manner which makes it difficult to comprehend, but that's in the eye of the beholder - to dedicated fans who supplement our playtime with whatever information we can learn about the Metal Gear Solid universe on the Internet, understanding should come easily. Bear in mind, then, that this storyline will only be fully appreciable to someone who has played other games in the series first and enjoyed the experience. If you fall short of that mark, I recommend putting off MGS4 until later.		Now, the gameplay. It reminds me of the rest of the series. It is frustrating in some respects, but still a unique and worthwhile experience you won't find in any other series in the market. That by itself elevates MGS4's gameplay to a high status - if it is unique, worthwhile, and you can't get it in any other series, then it assumes a value higher than its shortcomings would otherwise make it. There is still nothing better than sneaking your way past armed squadrons or hacking away at their numbers in your preferred manner. The freedom of movement and style in Metal Gear Solid is part of its appeal.		Now, a few complaints tempered with some positive remarks:		... the Psyche Bar had potential, but it wasn't the best subsidiary health bar we've ever had. It fell short of what I experienced in Metal Gear Solid 3. On Normal Mode, it didn't influence my playing at all until quite late in the game, and even then, it was only a minor inconvenience. That is the mark of its overall ineffectiveness to me.		... I liked how each of the bosses had a back story, as opposed to the Cobra Unit, two of which had essentially no back story (The Fear and The Pain). I didn't like how the back stories felt generic both substance (they were all pretty much the same, although I guess it was inevitable considering their tragic pasts were a common tie), and in presentation - Snake should have interacted more with the Beauty and the Beast Unit, as he did during MGS1, Raiden did in MGS2, and Big Boss did to a lesser extent in MGS3. That would have fleshed out their personalities better.		... while it was a masterful ending for the series as a whole, the ending of MGS4 in-itself for-itself was a bit of a let down in some ways, though my mouth was open (figuratively speaking) from beginning until end, so I can't complain too much.		That said, 5 out of 5 for:		1. A storyline which masterfully concludes an epic series I felt certain couldn't be concluded in a way that didn't feel forced or contrived. Flaws aside, wow.		2. A gameplay experience which, in spite of its shortcomings, nonetheless offers something special that can't be found anywhere else.		Oh ... graphics and other special effects ... well, this review is long enough and other people have covered those things in greater detail than I would.
0,I think this is a great game for Zelda fans or rpg fans in general. It's creative with a relatively unique style and a great atmosphere and beautiful music. The graphics have been upgraded from the wii/gamecube original. Most of the graphics look like upscaled versions of the originals, yet sometimes certain graphics look like certain textures were redone in high definition.. If you look carefully at the pictures in amazon's page for this game, you can notice this in some ways, such as in the screenshot with the skeleton. To me, compared to the original on the wii/gamecube, the graphics look surprisingly superior overall considering the graphics are primarily based upon the SD/low resolution original's. Nintendo included an option that allows for the brightness to be adjusted, as some people thought this version of the game is too bright.. There are a surprising number of options; I believe most of them are new to this version. The gamepad is used for maps and items, perhaps more, as I have only played this version a short time.. I don't believe much content was added beyond a few minor things like the hero mode; even so, I was surprised how much better the game is for this, the Wii U HD version due to it's graphics improvements, refinements and gamepad usage.
0,An incredible ending to an incredible series. If you haven't played it, start from #1 and work your way through. You won't be disappointed. Naughty Dog ROCKS!!!
0,I already own a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Gamecube-Controller-Indigo/dp/B0000E5U6K/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Gamecube Controller Indigo</a>&nbsp;I use it to play Gamecube games on my Nintendo Wii, but the draw back with the indigo controller is that the cable is too short, so I have to use an extension but that makes the cable too long, then I try a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/KMD-Komodo-Shockwave-Wireless-Black-Controller/dp/B003LRXSSK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">KMD Komodo Shockwave Wireless Black Controller</a>&nbsp;but the Gamecube games that I enjoy (The Legend of Zelda Windwalker and Four Swords), the batteries simply don't last to enjoy those long run games, so I decided to give a change to this white controller.		My impression so far is that is the best controller available for Gamecube that I have used, they have an amazing grip, the plastic is awesome, your hand fits perfectly and they don't make you feel uncomfortable at any time and the cable is the perfect size to use the console like I do a 2.5 Meters from the TV.		I already have the opinion that the Gamecube controllers had the best Analog available, I said that with the indigo, now this white controller improves all the features the indigo controller had, so this is the perfect controller.		As a fun fact this controllers are also made in China, as everything else, I expected they were made in Japan due the outstanding quality, and also the instructions coming with them only talks about the Nintendo Wii, so seems they are build for people like me, who don't own a Gamecube and now with a Nintendo Wii wants to enjoy the rich catalog of games that console had.
0,Spring loaded to charge and the lights go off when done. Simple and easy to use!  Highly recommended!
0,Item was just what I wanted. Good transaction.
0,We've had the Wii since 2006 and have loved every minute of it. We have never expereinced any problems or malfunctions with it.		There is such a wide array of games available for it and you can download games right from the console as long as it is hoked up to the internet. You are gauranteed to find games that everyone will like.		There are alot of games available for exercise and movement in general, so the kids aren't just sitting there staring at the screen like a zombie.		We still have the original Wiimotes and nunchuk that came with it (as well as some extras we bought) and they are still going strong.		It was a great investment and has proven to be reliable, durable and fun for the whole family.		You can even go online right on your tv via the Wii, as long as you are connected to the internet. My youngest enjoyed this feature before she got her laptop.		I definitely recommend the Wii if you are looking for a more family focused console, a console for younger kids and/or to grow with them.
0,take my advice, if u like sports games, this is the one for you, nfl fever has faster gameplay than madden 2002 and has more realistic hits. i bought my xbox along with my game 11/15/01, and it is sweet. i have experienced this game and it is a blast!
0,Positive:	+ gameplay is still solid	+ controls are still excellent	+ tons of eggs to collect	+ speedway levels are great fun	+ extra characters are a smart addition		Negative:	- wait... haven't I seen some of those positives before?	- some graphical issues are less forgivable the second time around	- the levels get a little boring after the first area		Spyro the Dragon was one of the defining characters of his genre back in the day. He had three great games: a great start, an even stronger sequel, and now the third one: Year of the Dragon. Does it live up to the expectations generated by its predecessors or does it fail to live up to the other two?		When an evil Sorceress from another world sends in a bunch of goons to kidnap the eggs in the world of the dragons, you know who to send back to retrieve them. Hunter the cheetah! ...Oh, and Spyro of course! Basically you go on a journey to get back the eggs through four big worlds each with a lot of levels, and each of which has a lot of stuff to do for completionists.		The core gameplay of YOTD is pretty much exactly the same as it was back in Ripto's Rage: you charge, you glide, you breath fire, and you get power ups through gates every once in a while. Thankfully all the abilities you learned in the previous game are available to you right off the bat. The downside to this is that you don't learn any new abilities as the game goes on, which makes the Spyro gameplay hardly vary at all.		Fortunately, there are four other characters that come into play every once in a while to change things up a bit. Sheila the Kangaroo can jump really high and kick enemies to kingdom come, Sgt. Byrd can fly and shoot the crud out of baddies with his shoulder cannons, Bentley the Yeti can smash guys with his giant club (my personal favorite), and Agent 9's levels are kind of like third-person shooters. These guys each have their own level and also have a few areas throughout the game within other levels in which you can get eggs. All the characters are really fun to play as and offer some great diversity.		The game has four huge home worlds, each of which has many levels. The first world is home to a handful of great, fun levels, and then you go to the second world and find that you're suddenly not having as much fun. Could it be that the levels are just... not so great? I can't put my finger on it, but there's something about the later levels that I just don't like. Maybe it's the slight lack of creativity, I don't know.		Although many of the regular levels aren't much fun, there are four speedway levels in the game as well, and these are surprisingly entertaining. They each have a time attack mode where you have to fly through rings, torch cows, and the like within a time limit, but there is also a race on each of these levels as well as a Hunter challenge, usually involving you playing as the cheetah flying around in a plane shooting down sheep in flying saucers. Good times...		Collecting eggs is the main goal of the game, but there are many ways that you get them. Of course there are some lying around on the ground every once in a while but there are also times when you have to do certain tasks to get them or play a minigame kind of thing. There are also a ton of gems, but these are more annoying to collect as they are all over the place and if you want them all you'll have to do a lot of backtracking. Still, the combination of eggs and gems makes for a great game to try to complete.		The visuals of YOTD are exactly the same as they were in Ripto's Rage. Nothing has changed. Yes, Spyro's eyebrows still detach from his head every once in a while. Yes, everything still looks a little polygonal. They weren't so bad the first time, but when there is zero improvement in a game that came out a year later, polygonal and occasionally glitched graphics are a bit less forgivable. Not to say they look horrible for the time, but I definitely would have liked to see some kind of improvement in this area.		The sound effects are no different than they were back in Ripto's Rage, but there wasn't really anything that needed changing. There are still nice, sometimes silly effects that fit well with the game. The music is great as usual and is, like the sound effects, fitting to the environments. Some of the tracks are reused a few times but it's really not a big deal.		Overall, Spyro: Year of the Dragon is still a great game. It may be exactly the same as its predecessor except for a few fun variations in the gameplay, but that's not to say it's a bad game by any means. The Spyro formula had already proven itself twice, so why change it for the last game of the generation? Still, a few new abilities and graphical improvements would have been welcome and the levels could have been much more enjoyable. Despite these few flaws, though, YOTD is great for anyone who liked the other two games or someone looking for a game simply made to be completed, and I would also recommend it to just about anyone who likes 3-D platformers.		Gameplay: 9	Grahpics: 7	Sound: 8	Value: 9		FINAL SCORE: 8.4/10
0,When it comes to first person shooters, survival horror, or mature rated games, your choices on the DS are pretty limited.  Besides Metroid Prime: Hunters and Resident Evil: Deadly Silence, there isn't a whole lot that Nintendo's smash hit handheld offers in terms of either genre, but Dementium: The Ward more than makes up for that, and ends up being a surprisingly good and very creepy and atmospheric blast.  You start off trapped in a blood soaked hospital with no idea of what has happened or who you are yourself, and all you're armed with is a flashlight and a nightstick.  Eventually, you'll come across a gun, and from that point forward, Dementium is all about shooting and puzzle solving.  The game is also quite challenging, as you can't shine your flashlight and fire your weapon at the same time, and the game's dark and gloomy atmosphere only heightens the creep factor.  Graphically, Dementium looks great for a DS game, and the lighting and sound effects are wonderfully utilized as well.  With everything that Dementium has going for it, it also has it's share of drawbacks.  Most notably is the game's map which really doesn't help you much in figuring out where you are or where to go.  Also, the monstrous enemies you'll face have an annoying habit of respawning in a room once you go back in it, which will find you exherting effort that doesn't really pay off when backtracking.  Negatives aside, Dementium: The Ward is a surprisingly good survival horror FPS for the DS that delivers the goods.  If you own a DS and have been yearning for a new and good game that falls under either genre, you should definitely give Dementium: The Ward a deserved look.
0,Works like a charm
0,Very good~!
0,Great action game.
0,great story, great gameplay.	it's one of those rare games that got overlooked but months after release everyone thought the game was a classic and should have multiplayer,fail. It's all about strategy, it doesn't require you to pause and think because you can get back long as you take cover and heal your character. There really isn't any flaws in the game. Oh great menu music too. this games makes you bond with each character as they all have their own little personality. There really isn't any game like this so just get this game, it's something different.
0,Great expansion pack.if you like the sims I think you will love this as much as I do.its a lot of fun.
0,Great game to play with the whole family
0,I've beaten the game already and atm I'm capping out my vanguard marks for better gear. I don't know about you guys but the gameplay is addicting when is the last time someone gets a game for the story? I don't know about you but when I play mmos I skip the story all the time. It's all about gameplay baby! And Destiny's just that. Wanna be the best? Go grind the levels and get your legendary ain't it fun working up to be the best? And plus there's 6 man raids possibly more in  the future! It's so called an mmo which means content is released later so stop hating go play the new upcoming call of duty if you don't like work.
0,Beautiful and Mesmerizing, Abzu is like 505 Games previous title, Journey, but underwater. With the glut of shooters and other violent fare on Xbox One, it's very refreshing to have a title such as this come out on Microsoft's console. While there is some replay value with the title in the form of hard to find collectibles, Abzu is just way too short and thus the 4 star rating. While it is a budgeted release, I would have been more comfortable paying a few dollars less considering the amount of play time I got out of the title. Still strongly recommended, though!
0,It's worms. It's awesome.
0,Exelent product
0,A timeless classic that I ABSOLUTELY HIGHLY RECCOMEND if you have an NES and are looking for a challenge!
0,<3
0,Thanks
0,Good quality for the price. As a megaman fan I couldn't pass this up. These figures pretty much act like  "physical DLC" in a sense because they offer additional content in some games.
0,When I got the Killzone Trilogy for the PS3 the overall package was...solid. The first two Killzone games were good but needed polish. Killzone 3 was also good and fixed some of the problems I had with the previous two. But the thing was, it didn't really blow me away and I crossed it off as a Halo clone. A good one but nothing special. Killzone: Shadow Fall, however, was the game I wanted to play. Graphically, it looks gorgeous. Bright colors, amazing textures, overall, really beautiful. The storyline...is flat but not bad either. After the events of Killzone 3, the Helgast and the ISA made a truce and the Helgast is living in one of the colonized ISA planets while secretly plotting their revenge. It's nothing special really but it's not a crippling factor. The gameplay is what got me. It's fun! And the OWL system in place, it stands out from your other Sci-Fi themed shooters. Truth be told I actually dig this better than the other three games. If you wanna play a fun shooter at a cheap price, check it out. It may be worth your while.
0,Thanks very good product recommended 100%
0,This is probably the most serious game for Kinect. It is a beautiful game, with a compelling story, it is linear and mostly on rails, but it is extremely fun, especially when you are attacked by multiple foes at once, and you need to react quickly to fight them, mixing spells, reflecting attacks, fighting against shielded enemies, it is a blast. There are some puzzles to solve too. Using and learning to control the spells like push and drag are super fun, or pushing someone to the air and attacking with a lightning bolt or fireball before hitting the ground. You can redirect a spell after it is launched, hitting multiples enemies at once, this feels amazing and gets addictive quickly. You feel like being a mix of Harry Potter using magic and Darth Vader with the force.  There are nice bosses (like the Troll and the Devourer and others). It also contains in Arcade mode, that is great to play with friends and for points.		This is not the Fable you have played, because it is not an RPG game, it is a brand new story after Fable 3, when heroes are needed and there are not any and you need to become one. Theresa is again here to guide Gabriel in his journey and gives some insights about her past.		Game is much better than many of the critics, so it is a good game, and shows finally the potential of Kinect, if the developer decides to go the extra mile like Lionhead Studios did here. Great job.		If you are open minded and don't mind that this Fable is different to the previous ones, because it is NOT an RPG game and it is an action Kinect game, then you will surely enjoy it and have some great hours of fun. Game story lasts like 10 hours, so it is even longer than all Call of Duty games :), and then you have arcade mode for a lot of more hours of fun!!		Highly Recommended		Thanks
0,I baught this head peice because I didn't like to play with turtle beaches all the time because they are fairly bulky on my head. This headset looks great but in my opinion the old version of the wireless headset is better. With this one I have found at times I need to speak loudly for it to pick up my voice rather than talking in my normal tone which can get a little annoying, however the older version of the wireless mic never had this problem for me so I'm not sure how this went downhill. I don't use this as a blue tooth device so I can't have an opinion on that. Other than having to speak a little louder than normal when I play there isn't anything wrong with it. So that's why I say this is a good product, but in my opinion the older version was better.
0,Now this is what RPG is all about.  This is basically AC on the Xbox.  Open ended and you can go anywhere and take anything.  The graphics are crazy with water rendention and fog at the top of the list.  I can already tell this game will take months to play out if not longer.  Fantastic game and a fantistic buy for 19.99
0,The nintendo DS lite is a serious improvement on the original.  My only problem is the square edges tend to make it less comfortable for adults to use.  I like the PSP shape better, but the DS has far superior games.		I play classic RPGs, and no other system has kept interest on these gems like the DS.  All of the remakes as well as updates of Atlus titles and other interesting games make this a key system in my lineup (PS3 etc...)		The graphics are top quality, the screens well lit and easy to see, the stylus responsive.		My only beef are games (Like Bowsers Inside Story) that have you blowing into the mic like an idiot.		I am still waiting for Square to release some more Japanese only SNES RPGS for this system (HELLO Star Ocean and Seiken Denetsu 3!!!)
0,This is really a great game.  It is incredibly random and lots of fun.  I do, however, have two problems with this game.  The first are the frequent load times.  Anytime you enter into a conversation with someone and enter or exit a building (which is approximately every minute), you have to endure the a loading period.  The load times aren't overly long, but they are far to frequent.  The second problem I have had is that the game does tend to freeze.  I got it yesterday, and so far it has done it twice.  Other than that, the game really is a good time.
0,This game is very challenging and takes a while to get the hang of it; however, it is now my ultimate favorite NES game. I absolutely love it. You can switch between six counselors while trying to defeat Jason and his mom. You have to find weapons, keys, notes, medicine, and other goodies while entering the cave, forests, trails and lake area. This is pretty tough to do while Jason kills your kids and counselors non-stop. If you buy this game, here is a tip: If you use a counselor to go to the cabin just outside and above the cave road, you will find a note that directs you to the torch in a cabin by the lake. You can do this for numerous counselors until you all have this TOP weapon of the game. Good luck!
0,Lets you use a wireless Xbox 360 controller with your PC for a console-quality gaming experience on games that support it. Really helps with games like Assassin's Creed, etc.
0,Kirby:Canvas Curse is a good game.  I will rate it in five categories below.		Graphics - 3/5		What is it with all of these nintendo ds games using 2d graphics when the ds is capable of 3d, this is my main gripe. Other than that the graphics are good.		Gameplay - 4/5		This is the same thing over and over again.  You never use any buttons, but the stylus is fun to use, but very difficult in the underwater worlds.		Music/Sound - 5/5		This is a good feature.  The music doesn't get annoying like it does in some games.		Value(how long this game takes to beat) - 5/5		This game could last you a very long time if you try to get all the medals.  It takes a long time to do, trust me.		Fun - 4/5		This game can sometimes get frustrating to the point where you just want to give up.  Especially in the rainbow run courses (time trial).		overall - 4.2 rounds to four		Overall - 4/5
0,Good Product
0,I'd read other reviews that it didn't register weight correctly, so I was prepared to put poker-chips in the holes if needed.  But I didn't need to ... it works great.  I compare it to my bathroom scale and it's 1 pound off from that.  Hard to say which (if either) is correct ... but I just want to track the relative weight, day-to-day.  Anyway - NOT a problem with mine.		It's sturdy and easy to remove (it just sits in the thing).	It's not very high, but I do think it increases the work out of some of the wii-fit exercises.
0,<div id="video-block-R27VK4WPVF2D7Z" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/E13YFm%2B3IES.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/710oYTvq9gS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;his is such a difficult product to review because it includes so many things in one single (and huge) box but I'll try to do my best and I'll also include some comparisons with the PS4 which I also own and have reviewed. I tried to be as objective as I possible while provided a brief comparison to the PS4. A lot of people on both sides (X1 and PS4 are just downvoting the other console because they don't like it when the other one succeeds. Take the reviews as you please but don't believe every one star review you see here.		Hardware: The best comparison (and the most popular) is that the Xbox One basically looks like a futuristic VCR, just as big, not pretty by any means with just the logo and the loading slot in the front. Half glossy and half vents to prevent the box from getting too warm (like the previous gen). One USB port on the side and the rest at the back: HDMI (x2) In and Out. 2 USB, digital audio, network and one for the Kinect, which is surprisingly massive and bulky and will definitely be noticed on top or below your TV. For all of you who are wondering if the big power brick is back, yes, it's back but thankfully it's a thing that tends to stay at the back of your furniture unless you are used to moving it from TV to TV or to a friend's place. X1 vs PS4: PS4's console is definitely better-looking, smaller and if we even get into the technical specs has a slighter edge over the X1		Controller: I'll review the controller separately but in summary. It's a mostly-better version of the Xbox 360 one. The layout is basically the same with the buttons and sticks in the same place. It's slightly heavier and the analog sticks include a grippy texture in the rim that will definitely help your gameplay if you have sweaty hands that slip off them. The bumper buttons are a little harder to press this time, which I don't particularly like and the rumble feature in the triggers feel really weird/funny but once you get used to them and developers focus on them I'm sure it'll enhance the experience while playing. X1 vs PS4: X1 wins, especially with a way better battery life		Software: I'm not a Windows 8 user so I can't say I'm familiar with the interface at all and it's not as intuitive as the PS4 one (which works fine for now but I'm not sure when I have more apps and games in there). As expected, you have your gamerscore, the last couple of apps you've used, and links to other things like friends or other apps. The other screens are the usual sections for movies, games, etc. And there's another screen when you can pin up the apps that you use the most. The multitasking is miles better than the bad implementation of the 360. You can move between a game and the dashboard super quickly, do some other thing and come back with the tap of a button in contrast with the slow and painful process you had to go through on the 360 to message a friend or something like that.	Snap is a feature I don't see myself using a lot right now, but it's there and I can see how some people might make a lot out of it. You can basically "attach" another app to the side of the screen, be it a browser or live TV in case you want to keep track of a NFL game while you play a NFL game :)	In case you don't know, it CAN'T play Xbox 360 games. It's a different architecture so you might want to hold on to your old console if you still play some of the games. what you can do is login with the same account and carry over all your friends and gamerscore.	You can record gameplay just as with the PS4, only that the Xbox provides a more robust editing feature but unfortunately, live streaming will not be supported at launch.	X1 vs PS4: I'll say it's a tie for now, which might be able to change in favor of Microsoft if they improve the experience.		Kinect: After the considerably longer set up than I expected I was able to use some of the commands with the Kinect, which is now included with every console (and explains the $100 price difference between the PS4). It's trying to replace the use of the controller to navigate through the system so you can say things like: "Xbox, on" or "Xbox, play Dead Rising 3" and it should know how to do it (It's "Xbox, turn off" NOT "Xbox off"... silly Xbox). When it works it's fantastic but in my short experience with it, it doesn't work until a few attempts which ruins the experience and misses the purpose of it. Maybe it'll get better with time, I hope it does. I still feel weird talking to a camera but maybe that's the future.	One of my favorite things it does is when you walk into a room, the Xbox will recognize your face and log you in automatically, you don't have to do anything. And the same thing happens if someone else walks into the room. It's a cool feature but overall I don't think they succeeded with it as they advertise it. Forget using it with motion, it works worse than voice commands. I can see the potential. It's there, I just hope they make the most out of it. Thankfully, it's not required to be plugged in to use the Xbox so I'm sure a lot of people will lose interest and just do that.	X1 vs PS4: I don't have the PS4 camera but from what I've read everywhere it doesn't come close to what the kinect can do so if you're into this you'll appreciate the X1 a lot more.		TV Integration: For the record, I have DirecTV with a DVR which I use most of the time instead of watching live TV.	This is one of the features that made me NOT cancel my preorder since I was really excited from what I had seen in the demos and thought I might be using it a lot. WRONG! If you use your cable subscription to watch mostly recorded stuff like me, this is not for you. You can't say something like `Play episode X of show X' which was recorded 1 hour ago. It only works for live TV right now.	What's happening is that the X1 is not just taking control of your TV signal, it's just showing whatever your cable box is sending through HDMI so any menus you get there, you'll get BELOW the xbox menus making a very clunky interface that doesn't look pretty. When you change the channel through the Kinect (as I understand), the xbox is sending an IR signal everywhere in your room in hope that it bounces and makes it back to your cable receiver so it works even if they're side by side. Maybe in the future some cable providers will get into it and give better integration but for now It's a no-go for me, at least until surround sound is here.	At least it has Netflix, Hulu, Amazon plus some sports channels too.		Since I don't have a PC I can't test the media streaming feature it comes with but maybe I'll try to get one to test it and I'll update the review.		Games: Microsoft is saying that the X1's launch lineup is the "best ever" or something like that. I'd say that if we take all the cross-platform games for both consoles you're left with very few options that in no way represent what we should expect from this generation. I can't wait to what developers can make out of these boxes and wow us all.	As with the PS4, you need to install the games before playing them (at least part of it) and man is that slow. Why can't I just insert a disc and start playing like before? I'm sure it can't copy things in the background without having me to wait!
0,this is a long game if you choose to roam and explore. you do however, find the greatest creatures and things to find. you have many choices has to how you want to go bad choices get you bad endings and good well, good endings. but all side quests have consiquenses. i tried to be good but ended up evil. have no idea when i turned evil. it has a lot of twists saving friends in towns then having to kill them later on if u enjoyed fallout 3 then you will deff love this. the gambling in new vegas is so much fun. blackjack slots whores booze all the neat things of the future vegas.
0,As somebody who has played all the TR games since the first one, this is a worthy game in the line.  Despite having one or two tomb raiders that could have been a lot better.  I find myself replaying the old ones too - except "TR Revelation" which glitches now and is probably unplayable on new machines - TR 3 is the best overall, to me.  For fun factor, variety of locations (London is my all time favorite for some reason).		This one is darn good.  The gameplay has enough variety of different tasks Lara has to do, the learning curve is not too steep, you get right into the action, and the graphics are, well, maybe just TOO good.  Gameplay is fun, which is what counts above all.  But the graphics are slightly choppy no matter how i change the video settings.  I could easily do without seeing crumbling rock dirt and sun flares IF doing without them stopped the choppiness.  I don't think i have an old or underpowered computer (Asustek CM1740, 16 gb ram, 2 GB vid card) but even so, the choppiness and slow reaction of the game is hard to ignore. I get the feeling I'd have the same issue on a better machine, tht has been my experience in the past (playing older games on a newer computer, and the performance issues are still there?  Then it is the game!) Maybe I will find the right settings, if I keep trying?  I don't really know, it's playable now at least i I ignore the slight choppiness.	The only last complaint, she spends way too much time in the frozen wilderness.  Like almost the entire game.  Just like Lara spent the whole time on the previous game on that little island...The older TR games were usually very good at changing Lara's location from time to time, an important thing, to me. I only hope they go back to this in the next game, wherever they set it.
0,Very nice showoff of the old fashioned games along with the new version. Its a great game for those who are new into the gaming world	entertained and simple to play
0,It feels great in adult hands but was clearly meant for children.  The OS is child-consious, walking me through everything like an idiot and asking for parental assistance when money or an email is needed.  Frankly, I'm so used to my Vita's amazingly seamless GUI that the pixelated visuals on this are a huge turn off.  But this machine costs only a little more than some games out there that are meant to run on it so it's allowed to be a little annoying.
0,I definitely enjoy the game! The parkour is something you have to get use to at first but once you do, the game become very immersive! The crafting is good but could be better. The story is really good and intense. The zombies are creepy and the night zombies are terrifying!
0,I've had this game since it was released and I love it. The only problem I have with this game is Spartan Ops, which I feel is a sorry excuse for firefight both because the levels are more like campaign missions on reworked multiplayer maps. Other than that this game is a great addition to the Halo franchise.
0,Great memory card for the price. (:
0,This game is really good, maybe the best stealth game I played so far. There is tons of content. I did 23 episodes and I have 49 hours at the moment. I read that there is a total of 50 episodes. So there is a lot for your money. This game is fairly well optimized and stays at 60fps maxed out at 1080p on my gtx 970. But there are some places where the framerate drops to 55fps or so. The game doesn't have anti aliasing(so you may notice some jaggies) and there is small amounts of grass and other texture pop ups as you ride your horse around. Those could have been improved.. But still its a great game worth purchasing at full price. I did dislike certain missions and they felt out of place to me compared to most of the missions; I think I felt this way because I have never played any other Metar Gear Solid game. I will not go into detail why I didn't like those specific missions as it will be spoilers. So that was my review and do not let the negatives I mentioned let you think I dislike the game, I am enjoying playing this game.	I rate this game 9.4/10.		Update 9.28.15	I have played 80 hours and beat the main story(episode 46). I am changing my rating from 4 stars to 5 stars because I was really impressed after finishing the game.. Although I disliked a couple of missions I think this is still a five star game.
0,This gaming mouse is great for pretty much every game I play. It is amazing for MMOs as it has 19 programmable functions, and the ergonomics make this wonderful for FPS and other such games. Its an all around great mouse.
0,This controller is so much better than the original Xbox controller.  The buttons are placed well and the size is just right.  I don't know who designed the other controller but they must have had massive hands.  Overall, this is a pretty good controller.
0,-:May contain spoilers:-		The first God of War title I played was Chains of Olympus. After experiencing that, I knew I needed God of War 3 when it arrived.		Presentation: As you may have heard, most of GOW3's graphics are beyond spectacular. The scenery is beautiful, and watching Titans fight in the background is really cool. Kratos is designed so smoothly, and the floors in some areas of the game are really shiny and look as if they were polished. Where the graphics aren't so great are on some of the characters. Looking at Kratos' awesome design and then seeing a not so polished boss right next to does seem a little weird.  Overall, they are still very impressive, but I do wish that everything was super detailed.	The sound and music are also top notch, and adds a lot the the experience. - 9.5/10		Gameplay: If you've played other GOW titles, you already know how to play GOW3. Gameplay doesn't change, you just receive different weapons. If you play this game straight through, non-stop, don't be surprised if you get bored. I'd rather take the game slowly, then try to complete it all in one shot. It's still the whole, slash-slash, and puzzle solving gameplay you know of. What might keep you coming back to the game is the brutal, brutal boss fights. Because the game isn't super long, it's good that they have treasures to find(if you care for trophies), to give you more reason to play through it again. After beating the game, you gain access to the Challenges, and after completing the challenges, you get the Combat Arena. The challenges are fun, and some are pretty difficult. The Combat Arena is a cool addition; you can choose which monsters come out to attack you, how many waves, difficulty, etc. Overall, the game has some replay value, but don't expect to play this game for months. If you really want to get the most out of the game, aim for the Platinum Trophy. I had a ton of fun going through it, and once you get the trophy, you honestly feel pretty cool. :) 9/10		What really did bring down the rating from a 5* to a 4* is just the fact that after completing everything, there really is no reason to go back to it.	SPOILER--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------		 Once you receive a platinum trophy, you get the link to the site [...], which is a major tease. It seems as if they are hinting something new God of War related. I really hope it is for DLC or something along those lines. It will most definitely bring me back to the game.
0,Excellent
0,This new reboot of the Thief franchise has its hit and misses... Without going into too much depth here are the pros and cons in MY opinion.		Pros:	Great level/art design & direction	Smooth gameplay	Great for anyone interested in a solid stealth game	Varying approaches to each mission	High replay value		Cons:	Graphics are not what they could be (Though the PS4 version is one of the better ones)	Narrative is lackluster	Navigating the City is frustrating	Some players may feel it's a bit thin/repetitious		Thief may polarize fans of the franchise but, it remains a fun playing experience if you enjoy a stealth approach to games (Dishonored/Hitman).  Navigating the city, while it looks impressive, is frustrating and may feel like a waste of time to some.	It offers a run-and-gun approach though it's not always effective and focuses on stealth so its repetitious nature may wear on you.  Graphics are not what you would expect from a next-gen title and the narrative is poorly voiced (especially with Garrett) and written bordering on cheesy and uninteresting.  If you just want to steal stuff and can exercise patience, this is a great game with high replay value and some very stand out points.  It's less than stellar points may be enough to keep people away or stop playing altogether.  As for me, I enjoyed it very much and kept going back despite its few drawbacks.  There's always a chance to improve with a sequel!
0,I haven't played "God of War" yet, but there is a difference. "God of War" is cool with really catchy moves that snag the player. No doubt, more games should be like "God of War" and "Shadow of The Colossus", but if I had to choose between them..I'd choose SOTC. SOTC is pure beauty and magnificence. It is like a painting come to life for the consoles. The music connected brilliantly with the cut scenes as the story was just as "colossal". The ending was bittersweet, but it makes us take a look at ourselves and leaves me to curiosity as to what would happen next.		Two thumbs up- cant wait for their next game to come out.
0,Edge of the seat suspense and real fear of not being safe in the game
0,I bought this game as a surprise for my niece. Needless to say I opened it before I gave it to her. Once the game loaded, I was hooked. This game is absolutley fun to play! I especially enjoyed playing as Thimbletack. He's a great little character who roams around behind the walls. I love the way he speaks in rhymes. I reccommend this game to all who are looking for a puzzle game with a twist.
0,ive played the hell out of this... there is hours and hours of stuff to do and im still no where close to finished.. have had it for years, bust it out every now and then still.
0,All good.
0,Very Happy!
0,After just watching the series Black Mirror and reading the excellent expose' book Dragnet Nation both revealing the extreme abuse by the government and corporations in acquiring massive amounts data on average citizens in the name of security and profit, this new Ubisoft game seemed especially appropriate to dive into. I didn't play the first installment, though have read in many ways it was liked but with some major annoyances in the characters and gameplay. The main character here, Marcus Holloway, is a hacker who finds himself the victim of data harvesting and is recruited into the hacker group DedSec where he partners with equally colorful characters, Sitara, Wrench and Josh. The enemy they're targeting in called Blume who among other things controls ctOS that's collecting data for profit and even election manipulation, perhaps prophetically,  with the CEO involved in movie studios, tech companies and a sect religion that sounds a lot like Scientology.  Just like the "internet of everything" that's presently evolving (with Alexa taking over the CES trade show and poised to control everything from your lights to restocking your refrigerator to finding it's way into your car soon) everything in the WatchDogs world is online and can be hacked and controlled; from simply opening locked doors to controlling cars, cranes and window washing equipment. As the game progresses you learn more creative hacking maneuvers like forging fake information against someone and leaking it to police who then show up for battle, allowing you to make your escape in the confusion. The game employs every high tech tool that's transforming the world today besides the internet, like a 2 wheeled drone that you use to hack remotely, a quadcopter, and 3D printing that DedSec uses to create pistols, shotguns and rifles. The setting is SanFrancisco and Ubisoft really nailed the open environment re-creation spectacularly, the city and scenery are incredible.  After the first few hours of play, the characters are developed enough that I got in sync and liked them though I felt a little annoyed with some of them at the start.  There were a few negatives that maybe were just me. I have no problem killing the bad guys in say, TombRaider or The Last of Us when the bad guys are clearly....bad guys, or zombie Clickers. But here Marcus and the others sometimes resort to killing security guards and police. That seems out of character with the goals of DedSec. Even the melee weapon Marcus carries and uses, a billiard ball on a string that he whips around like Numb Chucks with red blood spattering out of his victims made me uncomfortable. (Yes, old fashioned, so I'll probably get some negative votes for that) Of course, a person can choose to play any way he wants, with stealth and hacking, being the whole point of the game, to avoid violence and using intelligence, skill and tech to achieve your goals. One other negative, at least for me, was how the controller buttons are configured. For me at least it seemed non-intuitive and awkward at times and affected the flow of the game. Other than those things, Watch Dogs 2 nails so many things exactly right, from the vulnerability of data, to the amazing open world play and scenery of SanFrancisco, to the contemporary characters and development. (There's even a transgender congress woman!) Extremely entertaining and challenging, once you master the learning curve, and in sync with the transforming world of this generation.
0,This game is fantastic. I tore right though it (up into the last *very* difficult level).  With the exception of the last level, it's not too hard, not too easy. The graphics are great, the gameplay is great. There are good combos to buy and execute and you have the option of playing one of three characters (Legolas, Gimli or Aragorn) and can swich as you go level by level.	  I have no complaints about it at all...5 stars all the way!
0,A+
0,it works as the wii plus and it dose everything its supose to. its not a fake  it will work with the with and wii fit plus extender and it will fit in all for the cases for the fit plus extender as well
0,perfect.
0,Great
0,4/5
0,Very good game, fun enough to play
0,Got this guy in yesterday. Stayed up too late playing Mario Party 3. I had an issue with Starfox64, which was very disheartening, since that's what I was most excited about. I will try a different rom tonight though, and one way or another, I'm sure It'll work itself out. Otherwise, works pretty much like you want it to.		Will bump to 5 stars if I can get Starfox64 to run without crashing.		EDIT: Starfox64 works fine, just not on the save method suggested by default. Ideally there would be a place I could go to change what the default save method is, but I have yet to find it if it exists. Change the method, works great. 5 Stars.
0,as promised
0,First off, any game that Petroglyph makes I'm down with. I pre-ordered UAW:EA and I usually don't pay games at the 60 dollar price point but I'm glad I did. These guys are the original C&C fans and they know how to make good in depth RTS games and I love to support such a great team. Unfortunately they sided with Sega which is not a publisher that I would care for. However overall this game is a ton of fun to play and the gameplay is great. The game is well balanced as with no patches at the moment and that is rare for many RTS games. I'd rate this game a 4 out of 5 being great but not perfect.		So a little of the story, Universe at War is a homage to Starcraft with three radically different races, you always feel like you are playing a different custom and culture when you play the Novus, Hierarchy, or Masari. The Hierarchy are an alien race moving from one planet to the next gobbling up the universe of life and now they have invaded Earth. Luckily the Novus are right on their trail and you find out that they have been fighting the Hierarchy for some time now. Later on you find where the Masari come into all of this but I don't want to spoil it for you and it is better to experience the story playing the game.		At first I played the game and had a bit of slow framerate issues and it happened to lock up on me twice. Then after checking out online references I found that there was a fix to this. In order to get smooth uninterrupted gameplay you have to clear your cache on your hard drive and turn up tactical speed, (speed when fighting in matches) which is located in the options menu of the game. After doing these two techniques, wow, the game runs smoothly and has never locked up on me since and I can't complain. A patch is in the works to fix a few things like allowing hackers to auto defend areas they are set to, fix the framerate issues from the start and mainly to add in the cross-platform playability.		One really nice feature here is how they made a PC RTS play and work on a console. The 360 controls are very intuitive but may be a bit of a learning curve to understand. The basics are the same, press A to select unit(s) and press A again to move them to that position. You can hold down the Right Trigger and this will blow up your map so you can see details and also allow you to order units using the minimap. I don't know how many PC games don't let you do this and it's a must in any RTS. Also all of your units are grouped in the beginning, all one type infantry, all one type anti-inf vehicles, anti-building vehicles, this type air units and your hero. It is all grouped for you so you don't have to make groups of similar units as you do in my PC RTS games or click and drag to select your army. The bumpers are used to select your research and your army. The LB allows you to scroll through the UAW themed circular interface to see what patch or upgrade you want to implement, what research you want to do, what super weapon ability you want to use. Accordingly the RB allows you to scroll through a similar interface and pick grouped units, the ones that have been grouped for you, and to also deselect those units. One advanced feature I found out was if you select all your units on the map and then hold down the RB and place the screen over the units you don't want, say units defending your base, and hit X you will deselect these units but not all of that unit type. Most of the people I've talked to about this game didn't know that and I find it is crucial to a good microing of your army. The controls are taught to you as you play the campaign so don't just jump into skirmish mode and think you can play.^^		Visually the game looks great, the graphics are top notch and you would have to have a high system PC to run it at the settings it is set for the Xbox 360. There are plenty of explosions and lush environments to make playing this on your TV or LCD monitor, (I play on the big TV in the living room and also on an extra LCD monitor in the den) a blast to look at. In audio terms, fans of Frank Klepacki can take a sigh of relief as the composer creates a slew of great sounding tracks for each race and the game uses an adaptive music system so it will change on the fly when you attack the enemy or it attacks you. I was really disappointed with C&C3 due to the repetitive dull environmental music they composed for it but you have the great electronic rock and roll sound you have come to love from Frank Klepacki in Universe at War. Also the game's voice overs are done well and the many other audio sounds of the game add great depth and feel to each race.		At the moment we're all waiting for Sega to ok the patch to allow cross-platform play as well as many other needed tweaks but overall the game is very fun to play and the amount of gameplay really adds to this fun. Playing as the Novus with their flow conduits and guerrilla warfare, the Hierarchy and their enormous Walkers that act as their movable assault bases, or the Masari with their enormous potential to harness nature and switch between light and dark mode all feel very different and not just different unit skins for each race. There is a 90 unit population cap, similar to Warcraft 3, and this is set in place to make games playable on the console, (the PC version also has the same pop cap) but to employ a good amount of strategy for the player to decide how and which units to use against their opponent be it AI or human. I can't really talk about the multiplayer as this option is not available to me due to the lack of broadband options for me, (only one I have is satellite which doesn't work well with games) but this game was created to be played against humans and with the real time strategy in mind. The single player allows you to play through the campaign of each race and to attempt to "Conquer the World", where you are taking place in a real time game of "RISK" fighting over one territory after the next. You also are given the typical skirmish matches with a ton of maps to choose which I haven't even delved into but will probably as I finish the scenarios conquering the world. Did I mention achievements yet?! lol		So overall this isn't the console RTS that will make people say yea this can be done on the console. It had a pretty rough start and the fact that when you make your units move to the location on the map the fastest by doubling clicking A, (instead of just hitting A), and your units move to that spot but don't stop and pursue any enemies on the way can cause some unrest in a few gamers. Personally I'm good a micromanaging since I've played RTS games on my PC from Dune 1 and it should be said that vehicles and air units will attack on the way but infantry will not. Really the game is a ton of fun to play, the controls are great and allow you to micro on a console, playing RTS games on your big TV are great, and the soundtrack for the game keeps you pumped and motivated to defend or take over Earth! Hope you enjoyed my review or it gave you a bunch of important info on the game. Don't take my word for it, give it a rent, you'll be glad you did.		[...]
0,This review might read a little strange because I am going to list a lot of things wrong with the game, then tell you to buy it anyway. The long and short of it is that Raven Software, a group of developers who have been making FPS games for almost two decades, really liked Bioshock. A lot.		While Raven's previous titles from recent years were very old-school, Quake 4 even still having floating weapon pick-ups, Singularity plays much more like a modern console FPS game. Singularity is slow-paced, has various sections that concentrate more on light puzzle-solving than shooting and even long stretches just added for atmosphere. Speaking of atmosphere, the game has it in spades... great environments, cool effects, audio and written logs, films, music, the works. The game uses the Unreal Engine 3 as well, though it has brighter colors and more vibrant environments than many games that use the same engine. Does it sound like Bioshock yet? Okay, how about this: you get special powers that you upgrade and add new abilities to by spending an in-game currency. Warm yet? How about: the game is mostly linear, but has some side paths you can travel for more pick-ups.		What I am driving home here is that Raven might as well of called this Bioshock 3. The UE3 engine, the vibrant colors, the pick-ups, the powers, the slower pace, the light puzzles... everything is influenced by Irrational Games' underwater masterpiece. This makes it a very easy game to review though, because basically if you want another Bioshock then get this game. It is polished and does the Bioshock style well, and the storyline and location... a Russian experimental weapons base you visit long after a disaster of epic proportions, ruined, dark and wet just like Bioshock's Rapture... are well presented.		The negatives of the game lie mostly in the port to PC. Though Raven were a PC-focused developer all the way through Quake 4 a few years ago, Wolfenstein and now Singularity are both console ports. The FOV is limited, making you feel a bit claustrophobic, and the interface and control methods are all designed with consoles first in mind. One particular annoyance is that the "use" command and the "reload" command are both tied to the same key, meaning if you have a preferred command setup something is likely not going to be where you want, and of course hitting "use" off-target will reload your weapon when you don't want to. Instead of using a different key for each power like a PC game would the game puts all your powers on a few inputs, making you press a key for one thing, hold it for another, or similar things. There is even an auto-aim option in the menu that is on by default!		None of those console port issues are game-breaking by any means, just minor annoyances, but the console port nature of this title DOES ruin the multiplayer. No text chat, no dedicated servers and a low player count... what is there might be decent, but with actual PC multiplayer games on the market why would you play it? The answer is: you won't.		And yet despite all the stolen inspiration, despite all the console port issues, despite the useless multiplayer, I am going to give this game a 4 out of 5. Why? Simply because it is a very fun and impressive looking shooter! That is what you would buy the game for I assume, and that is what Singularity is. At high resolutions and with AA forced through your video card's control panel the game looks very, very good, and the mouse control is smooth and polished. The action is very well done, the guns feel and work great, the powers are fun, the difficulty is just right... Singularity is a damn good game.		Just don't call it original.
0,I loved this game as a kid and wanted to replay it on my wii but my original game was beat-up. However, when i received it, it would not play on my Wii for some reason. So just be wary of that. Maybe it was because it was a "Player's Choice" version or something like that. Not sure. But if you intend to play it on a Wii, contact the seller and see if they know if their copy works on Wiis or not.
0,The graphics are quite good, some of the moves take quite a bit to get used to but man its fun if your a UFC fan.
0,In 1998, Half-Life sent a shock through the game industry. Combining great action and continuous and immersive storytelling, Half-Life went on to win more then 50 game-of-the-year awards and was even named "Best PC Game Ever" by PC Gamer. Ever since fans of the original heard about Half-Life 2 they have been hoping that it lives up quality of the first game. The good news is that it does. While it is not as groundbreaking as the original, the gameplay and storytelling surpass it in just about every way.		The game begins some unknown years after the events of Half-Life when the G-Man drops you off in the European city 17. While you were gone, the combine have managed to open portals all over the planet, and successfully conquer the world, and it is up to you to lead the resistance. The storyline is told flawlessly through various one sided conversations (your character does not speak) with NPC characters. The NPCs show genuine emotion and have superb voice acting and the facial animation is nothing short of breathtaking. Many of the characters from the previous game are back such as Barney and a few new characters are introduced as well. The game does a good job of genuinely making you care about City 17 and its inhabitants.		When you are not interacting with the games many characters, you will be engaged in fierce firefights with the many different types of combine enemies. Enemies range from small head crabs to massive striders. You have a wide range of weapons to use in your fight. Your standard pistols, submachine guns, and shotguns appear along with some more creative weapons. The gravity gun allows you to grab objects in the environment and shoot them at your foes with extreme force. From explosive barrels to a table, anything and everything is a potential weapon. Another weapon worth mentioning is the pheropods which allow you to summon and control vicious ant lions.		You will find yourself fighting in a variety of locations. You will find yourself in places like City 17, underneath a train bridge, and Ravenholm which is an abandoned mining town. Each location is visually appealing and features different gameplay.		The artificial intelligence in the game does its job pretty well and keeps the fighting fun and interesting. Unfortunately, the AI of your occasional teammates is not as good. They have a hard time hitting their targets and like to get in the way when fighting inside.		The game also includes vehicles, a buggy and an airboat, which are used during some long and extremely thrilling sequences. The vehicles are extremely fast and offer good control. Both eventually get weapons attached to them, allowing you to dispatch foes while driving around. The vehicle sequences do a great job of adding variety to the game.		The game itself is beautiful to look at. The source engine does a great job powering the game. The world looks believable and complex while characters and weapons look great. The only negative thing one could say about the graphics is that the lack of real time dynamic lighting. Realistic lighting would have gone a long way in improving the visuals.		The audio in the game is nearly perfect. The voice acting is convincing and the sound effects sound realistic. The ambient audio in the levels also sound great and convincing. The game's music is the only thing that could be improved. While its short techno riffs do kick in at appropriate times, the music often lasts too long. Also, the music isn't anything spectacular, but by no means bad.		The storyline in the game is probably its biggest disappointment. While Half-Life has an interesting storyline, a lot of it is easily missed when playing the game. While the basic storyline is easy to follow, there are a lot of small details that can be easily overlooked. Luckily there are excellent sites, like the Half-Life timeline, that can help you fill in the gaps in the story. Also, if you are one of those people that like questions answered, you may be disappointed by the ending of the game. The game ends in such a way that you will end up with more questions then you have answers.		But even still, Half-Life 2 is an excellent and compelling game. Combined with its amazing visuals and solid combat, Half-Life 2 is a game no action fan should miss.
0,Great game.
0,I bought this last week for myself as an early Christmas gift to supplement the workouts I do on Wii Fit.  I used it for the first time yesterday and woke up today with some SORE muscles from the amazing cardio workout I got!  I'm 42 and know that as soon as I let my kids have a try, they will blow away my high scores on everything I've done, but for now, I'm the queen :)  They probably will be able to coordinate their feet better than I have, I tend to find myself slowly jumping off of the mat during jumping games, since I'm looking at the tv, not my feet.  But I know with more practice, I'll improve.		I love that you can use your own Mii to play the games, but the Mii is beefed up with cool clothes and shoes and the Mii body changes based upon what game you're playing (it moves more like you're moving, rather than a cartoon).		Lots of fun games that not only require a lot of cardio exercise, but some of them require teamwork in order to win - if you don't work with your partner, you'll both fail.		It's a very different workout, but definitely one that will bring results if you keep at it - and you get to have fun at the same time.		My only concern is the mat seems on the cheap side, I worry that it won't hold up in the long run.
0,A very cute game with plenty of content. It might not be "serious" but I enjoyed it quite a lot. If you want a nice little RPG adventure I don't think you could go wrong with this one.		If you want something more serious there are likely better options out there.
0,excelent
0,Grandkids loves this game. !!!
0,Take an already amazing game (the original Motorstorm)and somehow make everything even better, and you have Motorstorm: Pacific Rift.		The first game is still worth getting - it is tons of fun and is a great introduction to the Motorstorm experience.		With Pacific Rift, they added more tracks, more possible routes on the tracks, more vehicles, improved the "storyline", improved the already impressive graphics, cut down on the load times, and added some cool options you didn't even know you needed. Whew!		I love how you can press the X button to skip a crash video if you want. They even let you kind-of "cheat" -	if you mess up and find yourself off track - in some cases, you can push a button to immediately get back on track. Keeps you from restarting a race if you want.		I guess that the third (and last) PS3 installment of this franchise (Motorstorm: Apocalypse)was not as well received as the first two games, but I'm still getting it to complete my collection - if it's anywhere near as fun as these first two, it'll be worth it.
0,LEGO Marvel Super Heroes - PC is the best lego game ever created. The game has over 140 character that you can play as; it does not get better than this. If you have kids these games are tons of fun, and the story within the game is cute and silly. Your kids will love this game and its a good way for you to play with your kids as well. I found myself wanting to collect characters as much as my daughter.		The game allows you to do story mode missions or just explore around New York City and collect coins and characters. My Daughter and I have probably put 10 hours into the game and we are only 20 percent complete with the game. The graphics are amazing and I did not experience any technical issues with the game. I definitely would recommend this game.		Thank you for reading my review, if you have any questions feel free to email me, I would be happy to help you with any questions you have
0,Fun game.
0,EXCELLENT PRODUCT
0,It's a return to form for everyone's favorite Lombax! Beautiful graphics, great choice acting, wonderful music, and all the humor you'd expect from a R&C game. Runs smooth and plays like a dream!		Definitely a must buy for the ps4
0,This game is not only exciting to play, it requires strategy, planning on your moves, making the right choices and faces the player with many human predicaments, which force you to truly apply your own principles. Its packed with good old fashion shooting mixed with stealth. The plot`s great and will get you involved very deep.
0,My Son enjoys this game.
0,First gaming mouse and I love it. The side buttons are very responsive on top of everything else PogChamp
0,Awesome game for HARDCORE GAMER'S
0,great!
0,Great game.
0,After playing it today for first time (I bought the World Tour Kit with the new guitar) I instantly reached the conclusion that Guitar Hero World Tour is by far and away the best rhythm game available on the market today, was worth the wait, Guitar Hero is way better than Rock Band. Guitar Hero delivers perfectly, in my opinion it has everything I wanted out of a guitar rhythm game: great peripherals and fun-to-play music. Jamming with Ozzy Osbourne was amazing. In general sound quality and very large and song choice is second-to-none. New and improved customizable avatar was a nice addition. Overall Guitar Hero also has superb game play options co-op, face-off, battles, and several online modes.
0,I returned this item only because I had NO success in getting it to work with my Macbook.		Operating System vers:	OSX 10.8.3		This Mouse worked great with my Windows XP, however my pc is not my gaming computer so it was useless to me.		If you want this for mac it works, but not all the buttons will be configurable (which if your like me is why you purchased this mouse.) It will plug and play with Mac, and talk to Games like WoW, Minecraft, Wolfenstein ET. So if you don't care about the all the buttons working, go for it.		Ended up going with Razer DeathAdder 2013, works great, no problems since day 1. Never registered or installed anything, plugged and play.
0,These joypads don't have the invert switch that made them special. Otherwise, excellent product,  as a keepsake from a dying company.
0,This collection was nice. 3 new MK games seald in plastic box set. Ah good addition to any collection. Not to mention each game is hella raw. Good graphics and alot of characters. Pluse, I GOT AH GOOD PRICE ON IT.
0,The game is very good, excellent, but my children despite Internet search can not find a way to play two players.
0,Thanks
0,Not as good as some of the other versions of the game and I don't care for the fact that you buy a game for $40 and then have to buy stuff within the game to do many things you want to do with it. I guess that's just the sign of the times but I miss the old days when you bought something and could know it was compete when you did. Overall, a fun game but it forced me to retire before my guy was ready. I was knocking ever opponent out in the first round, without exception, and still it made me retire my fighter due to old age. He never even got hurt. Uncool.
0,Having played the original plants vs zombies, which is a rts (real time strategy) I wasn't sure what to expect with the series shift to a TPS (third person shooter). The game is much better and balanced than I was expecting. This game is a 3rd person shooter that is a lot of fun if you know what you are getting. The game is basically all online multiplayer (some very limited form of couch co-op exists though I won't go into detail here about it). There are 4 classes of characters for both plants and zombies, with different unlockable versions of each. Your main thing in this game is to collect coins, which you use to purchase "sticker packs" for upgrades and so on, more will be explained about this later.		There are 3 main game modes:		Garden Ops: Basically a horde mode that is very similar to Mass Effect 3's multiplayer mode. You play as the plants (never zombies in this mode) and have to defend a garden from the zombie attack. You do have 3 garden placements that you get to choose from and only have to defend the one you choose to "plant". You goal is to survive 10 rounds and get then get to the evac zone on the map to win the mode. There are bonus objectives in some rounds and 2 out of the 10 rounds have what the game calls "zomboss slots". These two rounds are basically boss rounds and the slot machine determines what bosses you will fight. The first happens on round 4 or 5 not sure and the second is round 10, one side benefit is that during the slots there is also a chance to win extra coins. There are pots around your garden that you can plant that will help you against the zombie horde, so be sure to grab a few reinforcement packs in between rounds.		Team Vanquish: Basically a team death match. You are either the zombies or the plants and you play each map twice, switching sides. So plants one round, zombies the next. Not much more to say about that. You do get bonus coins for being the leader in certain categories: Most kills, highest kill streak, most revives, most heals, most assists, and first to kill. The bigger you kill streak is the more coins you get for each subsequent kill.		Gardens and Graveyards: This mode is kinda like rush from battlefield with a few differences. In this mode you either play as zombies or plants (play each match twice and switch sides like team vanquish). The plants are always on defense and the zombies always on offense. There is one garden on the map at a time to defend/attack and it is captured basically as a "king of the hill" style where you try to get more of your team in the capture area than the plants have. Once the area has been captured in the set amount of time, the map expands to a second zone, and so on, up to 6 zones. The last zone always being different than the king of the hill capture points; sometimes you have to get zombies inside a building or destroy something for example. To be fair the zombies usually have a good amount of distance to cover and because of that the engineer class can build a teleport in an already indicated spot (only know to engineer class zombies) to help their team reduce the distance traveled. Same bonus point categories apply as they do in team vanquish.		Coins: Everything you do in the game nets you some amount of coins, these coins are then used to buy "sticker packs", this is very similar to mass effect 3's pack buying if you've played that game. Packs cost are: 1000, 5000, 10000, 20000, & 40000. More expensive that pack, the more and better items you will receive. The items in the packs are random but each pack description tells you what to expect.		Basically there are a few different kind of items in packs: consumables (plants to put in pots, zombies to raise to help, and/or self revives and team retries (garden ops only) )  Customization items (glasses, hats, tattoos), Weapon upgrades (each version of character has 3 slots for upgrades. Usually is more damage, faster reload, more ammo), and lastly Character pieces (each different version of a character takes several sticker pieces to unlock; the 40000 pack basically nets you a complete character).		Leveling up: Leveling up isn't done in the usual way of getting a certain number of kills or score amount. Each or the character classes have different objectives to advance to the next level and each subsequent level requires more and harder objectives to be completed. Some of the objectives I have seen are as follows: Vanquish 3 players, Vanquish 3 sunflowers (a certain class), revive 3 teammates, heal 5 teammates, get 5 assists, vanquish 3 players with chili bean (use a certain skill), plant 5 potted plants, plant 3 bok choys (certain type of potted plant).		I am really enjoying the game and for the price I knew what to expect. The servers have had a few issues, but nothing even remotely compared to bf4 launch. Looking forward to see what interesting dlc comes out for the game, considering the game developers said it will be free (all or just one piece, not sure). Either way this game is wacky fun and I hope you enjoy it as much as I have.
0,The fact that is doesn't run on a 360 is the big takeaway I wanted to impress on anyone reading reviews.  I knew this might be a problem when I bought the game, but I didn't see this information anywhere for sure, and it was cheap enough to find out by trial.		I do have an original XBox, on the crummy TV in the basement, and the game plays fine on this.  I bought it primarily for certain retro games which I've played before, and these are certainly decent renditions.
0,good
0,The most well-rounded shooter I've played in years. Short, but very sweet campaign and great multiplayer.
0,great controller
0,The remote works great. The kids really enjoys using it to play there gamecube games. Its really easy to use to according to them.
0,excellent
0,I love Horn Blast Whirlwind because he looks like Spyro in a differint way, and that is why I picked him because I'm a Spyro fan.
0,I have the all white NA version if the og vita. I bought it used but it was in perfect condition so I wanted to keep it that way. I bought the case and it fit perfectly, no issues at all. I love that it makes the Vita thicker and more sturdy feeling when I'm using it now. I'm impressed that it wasn't some cheap plastic junk that broke while installing it. But it's held up great. And I like the way it looms on the vita.
0,The Xbox 360 is the beast game console I have ever bought. It has great graphics(especially on HDTV.) It is a great console and is very cheap. I have has my 360 for 1 month now. My 360 has run pretty good except for freezing from time to time, but what console doesn`t? I bought my console at Fry`s, but not Amazon because I wanted it now. Amazon ships you console fast though, but if you buy it at a store you don`t have to pay shipping and handling(which takes a bite off of your money.) Plus you don`t have to worry about your console getting damaged. There are 2 games you must get: Halo2 and Need For Speed Most Wanted. Halo2 has a little bad language, but Halo 3 doesn`t have as much. The Xbox 360 has the best games for it and is overall a great system. Note if you buy your console at Fry`s then you do not get the 2 games with it.		X-box 360		out of 10		overall: 9 1/2		Halo2		overall: 9		Need For Speed Most Wanted		overall: 9
0,I have another Titanic game also and this one is just as good. I recommened it my sister and she bought it also. the hints are very helpful and I liked that it has a different ending depending on which person you chose to accompany to the lifeboats!
0,Great product, just as described =)
0,I enjoyed the story and game mechanics, a different experience from Advanced Warfare.
0,This game is legit. The online is pretty good. I like the campaign story. Hopefully sony does not close down the server.  Star wars is epic!!!!!!!!!!!!
0,I loved this game.	Really hated the first one, but loved this one.	Characters were great, choices were interesting, and setting was fantastic.	Really hope they hurry up with the 3rd one.
0,GOOD
0,Great music game, which has the best skins in the series if you ask me!  Very Addicting and creative, highly recommended.
0,When my non-gamer friends and family ask my how it is that video games have overtaken Hollywood, this is what I point them too.  I'm not a big FPS type, but this game is perfect.  Completely absorbing plot, spectacular graphics, haunting audio.		My suggestion is not to read too much about the game, find a dark night when you'll have plenty of time by yourself and just turn it on.  Unlike a Halo or Call of Duty, the beauty of this game is that you just don't know what you're getting into.  What is the plot?  What is the goal?  How do you go about it?  You don't know when you turn it on and you literally have to discover how to play the game.  Again, brilliant.		I literally cannot wait for the sequal.
0,too bad its origin and not steam but i love the games. its just great. ill pay double for what i payed.
0,Amazing. Great. Excellent.
0,Definitely an old favorite of mine. It's most fun when played with friends and family. Graphics are decent for the time it was made, and it definitely brings out your competitive side. Fuzion Frenzy is a series of mini games in which you're competing against 3 other players, and it's a great Mario Party style game!
0,I do a lot of my gaming with my son and this is a nice adventure game for us to play together (in addition to LEGO Marvel) until more come out.  The 2 negative things I would say is that it can be too easy and having to buy a lot of skylanders to really play the entire game.  Luckily I bought another 3 pack in addition to the starter pack to have more characters.  I'll get more over time.  But all in all, definitely a good game to play with children.
0,It was a great game that introduced me to the franchise, square Enix really made this an eye catching game with the visuals, so damn beautiful. The reason why I say it's simplified is because I bought the hd collection of the older games and they are slightly hard, playing absolution is a step down difficulty wise, and it's kind of linear as well compared to the older games.
0,This game is almost perfect. It has upconverted textures, full 3D support including an unusual bonus in that when u take a screenshot in full 3D 1920 x 1080p at 24hz it outputs the screenshot at double the resolution when viewing at a later time in photo & fax viewer or paint! So i have screenshots of the game at 3840 x 2160!		The best option for this game though is 1280 x 720p at 60 hz in 3DTV Play via my GTX 660ti AMP edition card on Windows 7 64, enabling the highest settings and 8x AA.		One can even find online multiplayer games for HALO 2 and even access Windows/Xbox live from -in game-!!!	One bad note is that I can't quite get THE MULTIPLAYER to run right on windows 7, the player gets pulled around and is suddenly turned around for no reason.	Can anyone tell me how to remedy this?	Otherwise the game is great!
0,This game is easily within the top 3 most entertaining games out there for current gen consoles... here are some of the things this game has to offer:		-Truly beautiful graphics, so much detail and definition	-A true level of difficulty for those who think games are a no sweat deal, it really is hard, so get ready to loose a couple of tears of fury here.	-The voice acting is really good even if hayabusa has his mouth covered I like the way it flows.	-Blood, more than the first, with even more intense boss battles, this game makes me feel good for owning a 360, and see that I don't need a Blu ray to have such beautiful and intense graphics, as well as the game play. Sweet combinations for sweet weapons, I can keep going here but let yourself tell the rest. Get it it is a really well developed game, it cannot let NG fans down, It won't... I assure you... so back to some butt kicking ninja time...		PS, even if you are not a hardcore gamer, in easy, you'll enjoy it as well
0,LOVE ALL SPONGEBOB GAMES, AND EVEN THOUGH THIS IS SOMEWHAT HARDER FOR THE YOUNGER ONES, YOU CAN STILL HAVE A GOOD TIME WITH THIS ONE.
0,I normally hate vampires in anything. They're overdone and the pretentiousness that accompanies them and the people who like them is often too much for me to stand. That said, I was pleasantly surprised with Soul Reaver 2, because it actually did something new or least new to me. Soul Reaver 2 is basically game 3 of the Legacy of Kain series, (Blood Omen: Legacy of Kain, Soul Reaver, Soul Reaver 2, Blood Omen 2 and the upcoming Legacy of Kain 2: Definace and Soul Reaver 3). In this game you play Raziel, a reborn demonic vampire. He had once been a Sarafan vampire slayer on the world of Nosgoth who, along with his brethren, had been slain then raised by Kain to be one of his lieutenants. In this world, vampires appear to be quasi-undead and are capable of evolution and change. In the first game, Kain would always metamorphose first, then years later his lieutenants would follow suit. However, this time Raziel beat him to the punch and evolved wings. His reward was to have them ripped from his body by Kain and then tossed into a roiling river- always bad news for a blood sucker.	Raziel was, after years of agony, saved by the Elder Gone and reforged into what he is now- equipped with a soul destroying sword and charged with wiping out the last of the vampires and feed upon their apostate souls. Good job if you can get it, but I bet the hours are lousy. Anyway, the Elder God is basically this Cthulhu-esque squid thing that lies in a pool beneath the Nine Pillars- infinitely tall towers that gave life to and protected Nosgoth. After Ariel, the Balance Guardian, had been murdered, the pillars were corrupted by 'dark powers' and then became the seat of Kain's vampire empire for a thousand years until Raziel had been cast out. Kain had been chosen from birth to replace Ariel as Balance Guardian, but he refused, dooming Nosgoth to a slow death. Now, the story is a great deal more complex than that, but enough to give you a feel for what the games are about.	Soul Reaver 2 is the shortest game of the series, and I finished it with a little help from a walkthrough, in about 30 hours. Despite the fact that Raziel is limited to about 5 geographic areas- the Sarafan Stronghold, a swamp, mountains, Janos Aurdrin's fortress and the pillars, it's amazing how varied the game makes them, because you get to visit them in different eras- past, present and future and they vary them enough that they always appear different. Within these areas are sub-sections that you can explore, but mainly you're on a quest to reforge the Soul Reaver blade with 4 elemental powers (Darkness, Light, Air and Fire), that aid you in your adventures. Each forge is a series of puzzles that must be solved to activate each elemental force to imbue the blade with a new power. The Reaver itself is a double-edged weapon, literally. While the most potent weapon in the game, it has a nasty habit of eating the souls of people you kill before Raziel can and he needs to do it to sustain his body in the Material Realm.	Combat is pretty basic- Raziel can use a host of weapons other than the Reaver- swords, axes, pikes, and his claws. As he progresses, opponents get tougher and more numerous. By the last chapter you have to face down three Black Demons at the Pillars, and you'll want to use the Reaver- anything else is useless against them. Raziel's finishing moves are nicely gruesome- decapitations and impalings are the order of the day with lots of spraying viscera- I like to see that in game.	This feature is probably my favorite aspect of the game. Raziel can at any time shift into the Spectral Realm, the place of souls. When he does so the geometry of the world shifts- buildings warp as the landscape alters. Here is the realm of the Sluagh- soul feeding predators. But in this realm Raziel and the Reaver no longer hunger because the Spectral Realm is saturated with excess energy. Raziel can also use it to gain access to areas in the real world- because of the geometry shift, certain things are higher in Spectral than in the Material realm, plus he can phase through locked gates. The only real downside to Spectral are the demons- they can follow you there. The demons are also some of the best designed monsters I have ever seen and their arrival in the game is pretty exciting as they warp in to confront Raziel, accompanied by a low frequency electrical buzzing sound.	I never thought a Playstation 2 game could be this good. The voice acting is the best I have ever heard in a game- superb performances all around from the actors, especially Michael Bell who played Raziel, Simon Templeton who played Kain and Richard Doyle who played Moebius. Also appearing as the voice of Janos Aurdrin is Rene Auberjonois, who played Odo in Deep Space Nine. The graphics are pretty good and this is one of the few times I can't say it would look better on the PC, because the PC version is a straight port of this game. Too bad Soul Reaver 3 won't make it to the PC- with the latest batch of graphics cards it would have looked stunning. What really makes the game graphically are some of the unusually lighting effects. Sound is also really good- both the music, which is dark and brooding, and the unusual sound are all first rate. In fact, the sound is unique- not a lot of games have that going for them. Sure it's two years old, but who cares? It's a heck of a lot of fun and has probably the best story of any game I have ever played.
0,One of the best games in history.
0,you'll be afraid of the dark after playing this game. it's amazingly fun
0,my boys love this thanks
0,All ok
0,I use it when I'm not using the PS4, because if you do, it overheats and gets loud.
0,I can't tell you how good this game is.. The campaign is perfect. The multiplayer is perfect. Everything about this game is perfect.
0,To be completely fair, Mario Party 10 is pretty fun. The boards are colorful and well designed, and minigames and boss battles can be fun too. The best mode seems to be Bowser Party, as it provides the competitive feeling of the previous games.		You'll probably like this game if:	1. You have 4 other friends to play it with (for bowser party)	2. You enjoy playing games with more luck and less strategy		You'll probably dislike this game if:	1. You haven't played mario party since mario party 7	2. You can only play with up to 2 other people	3. You want a very competitive game that requires more skill than luck	4. If you disliked the ideas presented in mario party 9	5. You want to have to play the game for a long time before you can buy everything in the store (The store contains very few purchasable items and they can be gained in probably less than 20 parties and since each party lasts about 30 minutes, that's about 10 hours)		There are lots of reasons to dislike mario party 10 but even though mario party 10 doesn't stack up against its predecessors, it can still be an enjoyable time. Bring your friends around for some bowser party, and let the fun begin.
0,This game is so good, I'm scared to beat it. lol. But still, great Alien game..... at last!
0,This game is brilliant.  Incredible voice acting, a rich and captivating plot, and great interaction with NPC's.  The graphics are fine, not "spectacular", but graphics alone are not what make a game fun.  This game is like a Tulkien novel for the PC.(The soundtrack is also the best I've ever heard for a PC game)	But beware, if you are are a gamer that only likes hack and slash and action fighting, this game is probably not for you.  Although this game does have good combat, it's largely story based.
0,Hands down beats the third party charge kits by leaps and bounds. The long charging cable works great if your forgot to charge it or it dies mid game session and there is never any hassle trying to get it to balance on some crap charging dock. Overall it works great (maybe someday they'll just come standard with the controller...) but otherwise no faults!
0,If you liked playing stealthy in&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Deus-Ex/dp/B00003OPES/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Deus Ex</a>&nbsp;you will probably like Chaos Theory. Chaos Theory does not have body upgrades (RPG character development) but it has cool augmented vision, gadgets and funny dialog from NPCs. Not only can you can get through levels without killing characters, but you can sneak around them completely and not even have to knock them out!		You get to hack computers, pick locks and knock out electrical devices with an EMP attachment to your silenced pistol.		The music track, like Deus Ex, changes with the mood of the game and is a good unintrusive touch. Sound and shadows are an important part of the game and are modeled well.		For people like a previous reviewer and me, who can't/won't upgrade computer gear every year, CT runs well on mid to low range hardware.		CT forces the stealth and no killing aspects on you on some levels. Since I don't mind that, it was fine for me, but Deus Ex really gave you complete freedom to be whatever you wanted to be.		CT has a third person viewpoint, and I'm used to FPS, but I adjusted remarkably quickly, and found that the ability to rotate the camera freely was an advantage for situational awareness.		The map is not very good or easy to read, but you figure it out eventually.		The manual is important and can be found online on Ubisoft's site.		I haven't finished the game yet, but the challenges it places have been fun and varied so far.
0,This game is just amazing. The story is great, the graphics are probably the best I have seen on a portable, and the gameplay is superb. My only complaint is that during hand to hand combat and some near death situations you have to go and swipe on the screen, and that can be annoying. Other than that, I love the game. 9.5 out of 10.	My dad let me post this review
0,It came charged, and holds a charge for a decent amount of time.  Well worth the price of $7.  Fits perfectly into my XBox 360 for PC  controller and is easy to charge.  Cable is not to long, but I don't plan on charging and playing at the same time.
0,Really fun game i have it on my Nintendo Wii that i downloaded from the Nintendo eshop but i wanted an actual copy for my Snes and I'm happy that i actually bought a copy. This game is so fun and a little challenging and it's great to play with friends.
0,My almost three year old daugter loves Dora so she was enthralled by this game. For her age level its a fun game with many different ways to control Dora.  The basic gameplay is simple enough although some of the map elements can be a challenge to overcome, particularly jumping out of holes.  A slightly older child should have no problems at all but I expect a five or six year old would find the game too easy and repetitive.  There is little in the way of educational value with this title but it is engaging.
0,So far, this has been a good system. It's nice to see a game running at a full 1080p, its crisp and aesthetically pleasing to the eyes. To bad its not at 60fps. BUT.. I'll live with it.		No issues to speak of as of yet.		The system is very sharp looking and quiet.		This bundle was my excuse to get into the "Next gen console".. As good an excuse as any right?		The UI has been improved quiet a bit over the ps3, which I owned for a long time but really didn't use. Hopefully this won't be the case with this system.		IN regards to Destiny. Well the game is, like a pretty cage, run around in a really pretty world that you can only interact with in very limited ways.. run into a lot of invisible kill walls.. etc. . Destiny, I'd give it 2 stars out of 5. Its an okay game. But the environmental play mechanics, along with the gameplay mechanics, and balance issues.. and loot issues..  A lot of things need to be tweaked. The leveling system for the weapons/armor though, just sucks. I've found so much cool armor, only for it to be extremely underpowered... and you can only upgrade the defense just a notch.. Destiny is a really great concept, poorly executed. I mean if you want a bird to soar high in the sky, you don't clip its wings...  And as the old saying goes, fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me.
0,So far I'm liking this Moto GP 3 game pretty good, although for a 2005 game, the graphics are a little sub-par. They could have made things a bit shinier and brighter and sharper like so many games now. The graphics here are good enough and get the job done. But they could have at least rendered more that one dashboard view for all these different bikes, for instance. What a lack of effort. The gameplay experience, the steering and controls of this game along with the thrill of speeding around on cool bikes, would have been enhanced by sweeter graphical details. The control scheme is a bit complex and tricky, but that also is kind of fun and definitely makes racing this distinct from car racing games. There is a delicate balance of throttle and braking front and rear and shifting your weight via the Xbox controller. All these factors can be employed to greater and lesser degrees depending on how bad *ss your wanna be. (There is also a feature called "the beast" that just shows a kind of spinning multicolor visual effect in the options mode so you can listen to your sellected sountrack. Okay, whatever.) I recommend buying Moto GP 3 cheaply and I suggest using the master cheat code (try entering "L,U,L,L,B,U,L,L,D,U,B" at the white 'press start' screen).
0,This game combines elements of many of the series and genres that I love.  It's pretty hard to describe this game, but I like to think of it as a Zero Escape game (999 and Virtue's Last Reward) with elements of Phoenix Wright and Persona.  The premise is very similar to the Zero Escape games, in that you and a group of people are trapped and are trying to figure out the mystery.  You then collect clues and do battle in a court/debate.  Throughout, you also have the chance to mingle with your peers and grow your relationships, not unlike Persona.  The localization by NIS is also top notch as you would expect from them (English and Japanese dubbing!).		I can't stress enough how similar this game is to the Zero Escape series (it is done by the same developer after all).  But the tone of this game can be very light-hearted and serious at the same time (think of it like Monokuma's half-black, half-white appearance).  Buy this game now!
0,As expected
0,i just got mine and i love it. mine came with mario kart 7 already installed in the 2ds i did not need to use a code. i am really enjoying my 2ds. i love playing mario kart 7 online.
0,You simply can't go wrong with this, remastered??? Count me in! Great games which I had to play again to boost my expectations for Uncharted 4 at an amazing price!
0,My childhood
0,I bought this game a couple years ago as well, well worth the money. Fun game especially with a bunch of friends.
0,Now the online was very fun that's why I gave it four stars overall the one player yeah wasn't so great but honestly I'd recommend this game because the online was great you can basically blow up anything.
0,Great for starters. Good tank and gold
0,Fun
0,...NEVER have I seen a game that has so totally moved me.  From the graphics, to the incredible 3D rendering to the haunting minor-key music, this Victorian-Gothic fantasy come to life will literally keep you in awe. (No kidding -- I showed my friend last night and when I turned around to see her reaction her mouth was literally open and she was speechless.)  The music, the scenery and the graphics play so much like a twisted dream that you can't decide if you'd rather watch or play -- great indication of a good game.	This game is made somewhat like Quake (in fact, it's by the people who made Quake,) and the storyline is supposed to be a third chapter of the "Alice in Wonderland" novel series, only this is more of a very dark twist.  Technically, after rereading "Alice in Wonderland," I can see how McGee looked at it from an insane perspective for the story could be perceived that way.  Alice is witness to the untimely deaths of her parents in a house fire and quite simply, loses it.  She winds up in a Victorian insane asylum and your objective as Alice is to help her regain her sanity by defeating the red queen and rescuing Wonderland from the dark depths it has fallen into.  VERY dramatic, very well done and very, very mind blowing.	From the concept alone I could write volumes, but American McGee (who is the designer of the game) literally captured the perception of insanity in this game with this fantastic imagination.  From the furniture floating in space outside the windows as you run by, to the insane children punching themselves and giggling but being unaware of your presence, to the vast maze of mirrors that is simply that -- a maze of mirrors for you to find your way out it is literally DISTURBING, which makes it brilliant.  True artwork intrigues the viewer and this is a masterpiece of the senses.	The game itself is chock full of adventure.  There are puzzles and mazes galore as well as plenty of "weapons" to use against the baddies consisting of floating, screaming Boojums and cards of every suit with powerful weapons around every corner.  The weapons that you find are toys with a diabolical twist (a jack-in-the-box that explodes, dice that conjure a demon to assist you and eventually a musket that blows anything away within the first 300 feet in front of you, let alone a bloody butcher knife that you begin with.  But, this is NOT an easy game.  As I said, there are plenty of mazes to start with, dodging the bad guys' weapons is difficult enough on the easy level, but throw in the Cheshire cat giving you clues in riddles in order to figure out what to do, let alone the mazes, and you have a game that is going to take you awhile to get through, but addicted to, nonetheless.  Also, the controls, just like Quake, can be custom set to your own preferences.  Plus, while working the game in the third-perspective, there are two helpful additions: first, there is a bright blue laser-type dot to help you lock on your target with weapons.  Second, a pair of high-heeled transparent footprints show ahead of her to indicate exactly where she will land if she jumps.  Very helpful. (Of course, if you're the impatient type, you can find the cheat codes on the internet.)	Probably the best part of the game would be it plays like a movie.  The polite, but sarcastic conversation about butcher knives and killing between the Cheshire cat and Alice is wild and well written.  There are specific characters she has to interact with in order for you to understand what you're looking for, clues that take figuring out and maybe a hint as to something nearby.  If you're stuck, the mangy Cheshire cat, with a amazingly calm London British accent, pops up after pressing "c" on your keyboard and throws a hint or explains a new "toy" that you've found with dark sarcastic humor: "52 pickup is a staple of juvenile humor, but when the deck slices and dices, it's no laughing matter..."  No kidding.  Alice's insanity makes her quite sadistic for when she uses her butcher's knife as a weapon, she literally splatters blood--as well as body parts.	The design of the game's atmosphere is beyond brilliant.  Keeping with the Victorian era, the game never steps out of that time period.  Look around at any of the "machines" during this late 19th century game and you'll see that everything was thought through concerning the steam-powered machinery and tapestries -- I can't think of a moment where something "modern" was accidentally stuck in.  Every bit of this is molded after this particular era giving a stepping-out-of-time feeling.  You'll literally "shift" back to reality when you quit the game. :)	The downside to this game is that it is so incredibly high in graphics it needs high speed and high RAM requirements as well as high drive space; you need to have a system that is up to par.  I just happen to buy a new system that I had been saving up for, so I had no problem.  MAKE SURE you check the requirements because in order to get this type of quality you should have a little more than the minimum requirements or it might be choppy.  Don't buy the game if you don't have the minimum requirements and then get ticked off because it doesn't work as well.  Good excuse to upgrade your system, but bad idea if you don't have the money to do so.	Alice is quite simply, brilliant.  This is a keeper of a game and has made such an impact that Alice's homepage has informed the fans that the rights to a movie have been sold...(I suggest you check out their web page for more graphics and demos as well as teasers -- I have no doubt that this will be considered a classic -- and somehow they'll think of a sequel.  Wonderland will literally leave you in awe.  I guarantee it.  It is dramatic, beautiful, and creepy and will leave you speechless for I still am in awe of the beauty of this game.  Top notch!
0,For a very new game I like it. Has many options and maps, with lots of upgrades, and any strategy player will enjoy this one, MS has been good about regualr patches, the online multiplayer is good, just needs some more players.
0,This game is great and worthy of a five star rating because it provides many different challenges, love it.	Thank you!!
0,this little device comes in very handy if you buy a slim 360 and want to keep all your goodies n games saves
0,Love it
0,So cute.
0,Good game. Good story line. Battle is half real time and half phase turn...Kind of a different fighting style, but it's a neat game.
0,Love this mouse
0,The game is fun and it takes some time to get through the whole game and is a fun game for skill.
0,Great game, install took about 5 hours but definitely worth it after it gets going. Reminiscent of the older Grand Theft Autos as far as fun factor
0,ok it has PITFALL and PITFALL II the only reason I bought this in the first place..		my only problem with it is I have yet to find an option to turn off the new 80s music soundtrack they've added over the original game music.. that gets kind of annoying.. like yuo're playing your old 2600 with the stereo on...		now if ony we had MOM' I'M THIRSTY BRING ME SOME KOOL AID... .GET YOUR OWN KOOL AID... being yelled over it ocasionally..		but It's worth it just for the two above mentioned games.. though KEYSTONE KAPERS was one of my faves as well
0,This is by far one of my favorite Star Trek games, ever.  With a decent story and a ton of weapons game play seems to last forever. I played this game when it first came out. I did not get this game in an order as the seller lost it so I am just writing the review to get it out of my list.
0,Great game.
0,Funky fun.
0,Still the same game that I remember from the 90's. lol I have a Retro Duo so I've been collecting all the Nintendo games I used to play. If you're doing the same thing, this is a must have for any 90's kid at heart!
0,All I have to say is, this is the best game of its type. They done it right.,Because the framerate is excellent,especailly when looking at your recorded playbacks. Rise of nation is good except, when looking at the recorded playbacks, fast forward doesn't work that well, and the framerate drops dramatically, over a period of time
0,Excellent
0,Game great fun best of all when yall coming out with a part 4 love the gang war online 2
0,These work great. Good for when you lose the ones that came with the controllers
0,As someone who has never played any of the other doom games, this is probly the most fun I've had with a video game. The story is there if you want it, but your characters motivation is the same as yours, just wanna violently slaughter demons. It's the first campaign in a long time, maybe ever, that I really want to go back and keep playing, discovering things and beating on harder difficulties. The multiplayer is really fun too, as just fun chaos. It reminds me of a really fast paced halo before 343 tried to take it seriously as a competitive multiplayer game. Literally the only complaints I have about the game are that whole the glory kills are fantastic,  I do wish some of the glory kills could be a little bit more violent and gruesome, and that it had some kind of splitscreen multiplayer or Co op. Other than that, it's incredible.
0,It arrived at the scheduled date. Works great.
0,With so many serious combat games out there, sometimes it's fun to kick back and have a little fun. That's Battlefield Bad Company. This isn't the elite squad, or the ultimate soldier, or the secret weapon. Instead, you're with the "B Company" of misfits. And you're not out to save the world from impending annihilation. Instead, you're just trying to do what you can to get through the battle with a bit of loot to make your retirement a nice one.		It's funny how the game turns many classic war cliches upside-down. This is definitely irreverent. And still, you have a lot of fun with it, getting to know the characters and their personalities. I can laugh out loud at the dialogue even multiple times through.		The gameplay is fun. There are extensive maps full of items to collect and gather up, and of course enemies to slaughter. You can destroy pretty much anything you want to, and enemies don't constantly regenerate out of some mysterious human-generator just behind the corner. It gives you a sense that this universe you're plowing through is reasonable.		There is a multiplayer mode but we don't tend to be multplayer people. I've heard from others that they love the multiplayer mode. I can report that the single player action is enormously fun and even on replays it still brings a smile.		Are there any down sides here? The game's about shooting and exploding people. It's not meant for little kids. If you're not a fan of combat, this probably isn't the game for you. But we absolutely adore this game. I love the humor, the gameplay, and the landscapes.		Highly recommended.		Rating: 5/5		I purchased this game with my own funds in order to do this review.
0,Overall, DK64 is a great game. It's a blast and will have you playing for hours on end. With different levels including Aztecs, Caverns, Castles, Forests, and of course, a jungle, and five different playable characters each with their own abilities and golden bananas (similar to stars in Super Mario 64) to collect, you would think Donkey Kong 64 would never get old. And it won't. For a while.		The plot goes something like this - King K. Rool has another scheme. He's taken all of Donkey Kong's precious golden bananas and kidnapped all his friends. You'll have to navigate through a series of levels, rescuing different characters in each of them, unlocking golden bananas as you go, to eventually reach the final stage. Each level has its own boss which are usually the best part of the level. To reach the boss, you'll have to collect a certain number of regular bananas (scattered throughout the level, different from golden bananas). A certain number of golden bananas unlocks a new level. If you ever want to complete the game, you'll have to rescue all of Donkey's companions. Diddy, Tiny, Lanky, and Chunky Kong all await you in the first three levels. Meanwhile, you buy instruments from Candy, potions from Cranky, and Weapons from Funky. All these can be upgraded. The things you buy, especially Cranky's potions, will give you abilities that are essential to collecting all the golden bananas. There are also various barrel mini games that you must complete in order to finally get the banana.		Donkey Kong has graphics and gameplay very similar to Banjo Kazooie/Tooie. So, those who liked those two games will love DK64. Also, fans of the Donkey Kong franchise will not be let down. Donkey Kong 64 is addictive and you'll always love exploring the new environments the game places you in. There's always aspects to the level that are unique and also crucial to getting golden bananas (For example, in the forest level, there is a giant clock that switches the game between day and night. Some bananas can only be reached at certain times of the day.). The degrees of difficulty for getting the bananas range from stupidly easy to impossible. Many, however, are just pure fun. Overall, DK64 is a very enjoyable game and good for all ages.		A certain degree of frustration does come with the game, however. Some golden bananas are impossible to get you do absolutely everything right. You'll do lots of falling and retrying (especially in the factory level) to reach some. Another irk is that you must get two coins in order to advance to the final boss stages. You must beat the original Donkey Kong and Jetpak. The problem is, no matter what, I could not beat the original Donkey Kong, which prevented me from beating the game. I spent so many wasted hours trying to beat that stupid game. Last, this game requires an expansion pack. Nowadays, expansion packs are hard to come by and cost about $20, which is probably five times more than the actual game will cost you.		Other than that, Donkey Kong 64 is great fun. Even if you don't manage to get through the whole game, it is a very worthwhile title and surely a great value, especially now. You won't be disappointed with Donkey Kong 64, unless of course you're currently enrolled in an anger management class.
0,An Xbox one with 1TB of space and Halo 5, all good to me. It has the Halo sounds on power up/down/eject but under the covers it's still an Xbox One and does the job well
0,I am not familiar with the Bioshock or SystemShock series; this is the first I have played (bought the PS3 version).		This game is mind-blowing.  I had a great time.  I played it on easy, took my time and soaked it all in.  It is truly a fun, mysterious world you can get lost in, and I thought the combat was fun.		If you get the PS3 version, you can play the original Bioshock as well, because it comes on the disk.  I'm looking forward to playing the original, and I'm hyping BioShock Infinite to all of my friends.  It's an experience not to be missed!		Looking forward to replays on harder difficulty levels, and experiencing it all again.
0,Love this game! Fun, funny and adventurous. The colors are gorgeous. Never bored when playing Rayman. Highly recommended for kid,  adults and couples.
0,Lovely
0,for what I got it for it was a steal so call the police haha the is good but its only a story game multiplayer is not some thing you will play all day
0,When Ninja Gaiden came on the xbox, I was stoked.		It was one of the most satisfying gaming experiences i have ever had.  I would rank it right up their with resident evil 4, and doom 3 (Infact, I still play all three of these games).  When Ninja Gaiden 2 was announced I was sold.		I have played through and beat Ninja Gaiden 2 three times now, it is just so fun.  The game is beautiful, I will agree, there are some levels (near the end) that look somewhat bland (a cylinder with a green texture) but that's the exception, not the rule.		As far as difficulty goes, its not as balanced as Ninja Gaiden, or Sigma for the ps3.  It seems easier, until you get to level 6 or so, when it becomes practically retarded, the first time I played it I was like, wow, I might not beat it, I mean, they have mines, ninjas with missile launchers (launching several blasts of missiles in succession, and sadly, these guys do not play alone), bad guys that explode when you kill them, it gets to a point there, where you have to slow down, and rethink your approach, but is doable.		The boss battles are still pretty tough.  Thankfully there are no really weird puzzles, except for one, where you in the clock tower, and you have to climb your way to the top, when you get there, you will be hating your camera, but once you figure it out, and go slow, its easy.		The new weapons are fun, and I love the amount of enemies they throw at you at once.  Some people are mentioning slowdown, I only noticed slowdown one time, that was when your in the underworld and taking on like several hundred ninjas, bats, dragons while your trying to climb steps (and you thought holiday shopping was rough!), but all in all, the game is very technically sound.		I hope they will be coming out with Ninja Gaiden 3 for the 360, and I do hope for an xbox port of sigma, just so I can have them all on one system.		This game is great, once you get past level 6-8, the game stops "cheating" and your back to facing ninjas (without guns) and beasts where all you need is your blade or your favorite weapon.		The game is very rewarding, and very challenging.  You owe it to yourself to play this game, especially if you like games that require massive amounts of skill to win.  The AI is rough, but the game is amazing, I loved every second of it.  When I died, I still loved it, but I also hated it....... =D		This is a must buy, and with amazons low price right now, it would be a big mistake to pass this one up.
0,It's a excellent game, specially for shootters games lover
0,un producto 100% recomendado, cumple con las especificaciones dadas por el vendedor y con cumplen con los tiempos de entrega
0,ok
0,Remember Street Fighter II?  The mere mention of it conjures up memories of days long past in arcades.  It was both a phenomenon and a fad.  A 2D fighting game with one eight-way joystick and 6 buttons, whose purposes were burned into the minds of everyone who played it.  Jab, strong fierce, short forward, roundhouse.  8 colorful and varied characters representing the world's martial arts styles, and  4 boss characters doing the same. A game that became the ultimate test of two players against each other. Loser pays, winner stays.  People spent hundreds if not thousands of quarters and tokens, and when the home versions were released, living rooms across the world were blessed with the cries of "Hadouken!" and "Sonic Boom!"  It single handedly jump started the fighting game genre into high gear and was the catalyst for the revival of the arcade .  Soon everyone had to have a fighting game too.  Fighter's History, Martial Champions, Mortal Kombat, Primal Rage, Virtua Fighter, all of SNK's Neo Geo fighters were among the few that cashed in on Street Fighter's popularity.  Then, the arcade scene slowed down, and fighting games pretty much went the way of a niche genre, just like shoot `em ups (shmups).		Fast forward to February 17, 2009.  Capcom will release Street Fighter IV onto the PS3 and Xbox 360.  Oh sure, there were other Street Fighter games along the way since the original II.  But not even the Alpha series, nor Street Fighter III's pinnacle, Third Strike has had everyone talking about Street Fighter like it's 1991 again.  Bringing back all the original World Warriors and bosses, 2 of the New Challengers, and four all new contenders plus some fan favorites including the infamous Gouken, Ryu and Ken's master, otherwise known as the infamous Sheng Long of the famous EGM April Fools trick, Capcom is giving the fans a very nice trip down memory lane wrapped up in more than just a shiny new 3D package.		The character roster is as follows:		Ryu	Ken	Chun Li	Guile	Blanka	Zangief	E. Honda	Dhalsim	Balrog	Vega	Sagat	M. Bison	Akuma	El Fuerte	Crimson Viper	Abel	Rufus	Seth	Gouken	Cammy	Fei Long	Rose	Sakura	Dan		To start: SF IV is the same 2D gameplay you remember.  What's new is the 3D graphics, which sweep and zoom during certain specials and super/ultra moves.  It's SF as you remember only better.  With features such as new gameplay systems such as the Ultra moves where a gauge is built up as you take damage and when full, allows your fighter a spectacular come back Super move which allows even the underdog in a match a chance at victory. The Focus attack in a sense replaces the Parry system of SFIII but this time around, it isn't as difficult to master for the casual player.  All in all, the gameplay is classic Street Fighter II but with added polish and a few new additions.		Graphics: gorgeous looking, and must be seen in HD in person to fully appreciate.  When the early artwork hit, and the first screen shots were released, many were not pleased with SF IV's bulked up muscular look.  A new art style and  a new direction, for a new era of fighters, rest assured it looks terrific.  Backgrounds are 3D, and varied.  I especially like the temples.		Sound: Sublime.  In addition to the music tracks for each stage, there are remixed arranged versions for some of the original fighter's themes in the game as well.  Once you hear Cammy's remix of her classic England stage music, you'll know what I mean.  In addition to being able to change the voices from English to Japanese, you can do it...for every character.  If you want Cammy in English and Ryu in Japanese, you can.  Why, because Capcom loves you. My advice: The Japanese voices are better by a long shot.  The opening intro features a song by Exile (A pop band in Japan), which may or may not be your taste, but it does grow on you.  If not, the second song of the intro will get you so pumped to play, you'll forget the 1st half of the intro's song.		In closing because this review is too long, get it, play it, enjoy it.  Street Fighter is back and it's been worth the wait.
0,It is detected by your computer as a sound output device, not as a bluetooth device.
0,Fun!  Love the Actors and vintage!!!
0,NOTE:  I originally wrote this review on Game Informer's website.		It's no secret that the Donkey Kong Country series of games is one of the most beloved platforming franchises of all-time, leading back to the Super Nintendo days.  Many assumed DK's adventures would conclude after Rare went to Microsoft, but this wasn't the case thanks to Retro Studios, the developers of the acclaimed Metroid Prime series.  In 2010 Retro released the critically welcomed reboot known as Donkey Kong Country Returns, which featured some of the best, creative, and thoroughly difficult levels in platform gaming on the Wii.		With Nintendo's Wii U, many wondered what Retro Studios' first game for the system would be.  Many speculated a new Metroid was upon us, so most of the internet seemed very surprised when Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze was announced during last year's E3 Direct broadcast instead.  After much skepticism and a three-month delay, Tropical Freeze has hit stores to critical acclaim.  And after spending hours traversing through its six worlds, I can safely say that critical buzz is totally called-for.		The plot, like most of Nintendo's platformer outings, is very simple; after a crew of viking-themed enemies known as Snowmads make their way to DK Island and ruin Donkey Kong's birthday party, our hero and his crew--consisting of Diddy, Dixie and Cranky Kong--set out to make things right, across a diverse range of five other gorgeous islands.  These different islands pose threats to our crew in the form of walruses, owls, and even a monstrous polar bear.  Before going any further I should drive the point home that despite the kid-friendly looks and content, the levels are designed with the child-at-heart gamers that grew up with this classic franchise in mind.		While the game boasts a mostly 2D presentation, don't let that throw you off.  Unlike previous Wii U 2D platformers (such as Mario's first outing on the console), these levels will leave you in awe of their lush environments.  Everything from background trees to glorious skylines are all catchy and appealing to the eyes in high-definition.  Retro Studios used their time wisely with this title, and it shows.  Even the fur on our starring Kongs look so realistic you'll want to pet them.		Speaking of our stars, during the single-player campaign you'll obviously be spending most of your time playing as Donkey Kong himself, while the other Kongs can be found in the signature DK Barrels.  In some instances, you'll be able to choose which one spawns from the barrel by simply ground-pounding near it.  Each member of the Kong family offers something to help DK out.  Diddy Kong boasts a jetpack that can be used to float over a short distance.  Dixie Kong can use her hair to levitate higher briefly, which can help to get out-of-reach items or collectibles.  For his gameplay debut, Cranky Kong can use his cane like a pogo stick to bounce off of enemies or get through thorny spots,  la DuckTales.  When you've filled your Banana meter (which usually happens after getting 100 of them), DK and whomever he's with can use a Kong-POW attack, which turns all of the enemies into objects depending on who DK is with; Red balloons with Diddy, gold Hearts with Dixie, and Banana coins with Cranky.		Series staples such as finding the K-O-N-G letters makes a comeback in this installment, and finding all of them will give every level good replay value for completionists.  In addition, players are tasked with finding puzzle pieces, which depending on the level there can be anywhere between five and nine of them to find.  During my initial playthrough, I haven't found every puzzle piece on a single level yet, so I've got a long way to go still.  During other levels, DK and his crew will find themselves using minecarts, rocket barrels and even Rambi to help finish levels.  Funky Kong makes a return in this game as well, offering goodies and 1-ups if you've got enough Banana coins to cover it.  Trust me, even the most proud of platforming experts will need to go to him at least once.		All of this greatness comes down to one thing; the control scheme.  Or in this case, schemes.  The one thing I usually praise a Wii U game is also something I need to take to task with.  While there are an assortment of different control options--Wii remote, Wii remote with Nunchuck, Pro Controller, and GamePad--I would definitely avoid using the Wii remote options and stick with the other two.  However, even with these control schemes you'll be given a choice between two different configurations; either use the D-Pad or the Left stick.  Neither one is exactly easy to get used to, but at the same time I found myself going with the D-Pad configuration more only because I'm used to platforming with the D-Pad.  Why the team at Retro couldn't keep the button for both options the same but allow players to switch how they move around anytime is beyond me.  Other than that, the only time the GamePad's screen is fully utilized is for Off-TV Play.		For those in doubt about the game's length considering there are only six worlds in the main game, fear not.  Every level has a lot to offer, see, and explore--they're literally bursting at their seams with content.  Especially if you missed puzzle pieces or KONG letters, you'll find yourself re-exploring levels often.  If you're skilled and crafty with your platforming, extra bonus levels will unlock in each world too.  With that said, be prepared to get frustrated here and there.		Upon defeating the last boss and seeing the game's ending, the frustration and back-tracking is all the more worth it.  Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze is an absolutely engrossing and engaging platformer for Nintendo's Wii U, and anyone with the console is only missing out by avoiding this.
0,TX
0,I bought this for my son for his 8th birthday and he has not put it down.  It comes with everything you need to get started including a 2G memory stick. It is amazing what all this little machine can do.
0,My son loves this game and has been playing it quite a bit since he got it....nice graphics and control! Recommended!
0,Kind of an ecclectic collection of extra content. Bolsters the game with interesting modes rather than expansions of the main game and it's standard concepts. In that regard, it feels completely optional but also because it adds compelling gameplay styles to the experience, I would definitely recommend it.
0,The last pokemon game to the ds system. It's excellent. Lots of hours of enjoyment, most of them on the White Tree Hollow. Training.
0,though I am not a big Naruto fan. But, the game is so much fun to have its complete with many combined features of both RPG and action games, the story mode is interesting to play and same goes for the fighting battles, the first time i played it about 3 hours without feeling the time that i spent.		so to sum up i defiantly recommend it for Naruto fans and others they will defiantly love it, its a most have!!!!
0,Disgaea 3 overall is a fun game to anyone who is into strategy role playing games. The game play is pretty deep with quite a bit of micromanaging your characters which can sometimes be a pain. Also with a level cap of 9999 you can get into some pretty tedious level grinding. The graphics are sprite based which may seem odd on a PS3 but it goes well with Disgaea 3 and it doesn't detract from playing the game, so to those looking for bleeding edge graphics may just want to pass.	 The voice acting is very well done, and the english voice actors have really convincing voices that fit with the characters in the game. Any fans of anime and such may notice some of the voices are familiar to them, I recognized a couple unfortunately I can't recall from what show though. You also get the option to switch to original Japanese language for a more authentic feel, but the to me the english voice acting was more entertaining.
0,The Tekken catagory of games (3D style) came about on its own and took the gaming world by storm. Tekken 3 is just another step up the ladder of success for the Tekken series. This game has "Tekken Ball" where you play volleyball, it has numerous hidden characters, and it will definitely keep you playing for hours so you can see your move over and over again in instant replay.
0,I like the wii fit and balance board. I guess the price should be lower than $ 89.99. Amazon free shipping was prompt. Installation was very easy. Wii fit brings lots of fun to working out. I like the freedom of choosing my exercise and setting up my goal. I wish the game would include more working out music. Overall I recommend it to those who wants to have fun and exercise at home.
0,Very nice
0,Awesome
0,very awesome
0,My son and I play this one together a lot. I have yet to best him playing this game, It was fun
0,There is no comparison between the game gear and the gba, July 20, 2003	 Reviewer: A gamer from Camarillo, CA USA	I cant stand these people who are comparing the gba to the GG its no fair to the GG the GG came out in 1990 and the gba came out in 2001 thats no fair. I am what some call a sega [fan] so of course i choose the GG over the GBA but the gba is cool too i reccomend getting both and the neo geo pocket color and the atari lynx of you have heard of those i found GG with ease who says they are hard to find i like them both but over all the GG is better and the GBA is for nintendo people but lets pray when the PSP comes out it will [destroy] the GBA i know my review made no sense but lemmie say one last thing SEGA RULES!		yes it does rule but the PSP will rule 10 times more go look at the psp forums for me Mxer#29
0,For years I would have told all my friends, the only 2k you'll ever need is NBA 2k12, 2k11 or maybe 2k13 which I thought were the best sports games ever made for a video game. I thought with 14 and 15 they let us down a bit. Legends got downgraded and what the heck happened to their faces???  16 they got a little redemption and the gameplay got much better.  16 overall was a great complete package and kept me busy till I knew 17 was coming.  If you downloaded the 2k17 Prelude, you know you're in for some greatness and 2k17 hasn't disappointed me aside from a few hiccups.		The Prelude was available for you to play before 2k17 was launched. It basically teased you to buy the game and it did work! LOL. The game let's you start your "My Career" mode and prepare yourself to make it to the NBA. It really got me interested in the game more. While the gameplay was limited for what I played, I was really wanting to get the full game and finish my career after I finished the prelude.		NBA 2K17 has the usual offerings as you expect. The Prelude got me super interested in the career mode, and that's saying a lot, I usually just stick with GM mode and work with my team, not a single guy. But this mode is going to be a blast trying to get my player into the NBA.		On the court NBA 2k17 is superb. I'd say the controls and gameplay feel better than 2k16. Shooting jumpers and the mechanics was a complaint for 2k16 by many and it looks like they ironed that out in 2k17.  I love the new shooting meter (if you want it on)  IF you have an open shot, and if you're a shooter, you'll swish these shots in no time! Rebounding, the touch passes look amazing and the fancy passes, while sweet in 16, look even more incredible than ever. There's some sweet new post moves also ,but they can't be explained by vocabulary, you'll just have to see them for yourself and you will.  Dunking, the emotion, it's all here and yes, this feels like a real NBA game.  Defensively is my only main complaint in this game. The aggressive D doesn't seem to do anything. I have guys running around me left and right. Thankfully, the Help D seems more in sync than last year. And that point of emphasis really seems to finally be working. I'd recommend if you have trouble guarding a guy at the point, I'd say control a guy in the paint and rely on your inside D.		The graphics are great. I'd say the courts look better than last year, not breathtaking, but very good. They promised real authentic lighting, although I heard some venues are inaccurate like LA and NY. Speaking of the Knicks, the baby blue colors is still way off.  I still think 2k14 had the best looking courts and players, but 2k17 is no slouch. If this game took any cutback in the visuals, the player models skin looks like clay at times and some of the players might be too skinny. It's very subtle, and most won't really notice, but if you compare to like NBA 2k14,  you will notice the skin and proportions just looks slightly off.  But what they did focus on, was the smooth animations and the player physique and proportions and the face scans are A grade with a few exceptions. When I checked out some of the faces,  I was floored. I look at 98 Rodman of the Bulls. Wow, just google around for that one. You talk virtual reality, some of these faces will blow you away. The current guys probably look just as good. Durant's body finally looks like Durant's body, perhaps a bit too skinny and guys like Green on Warriors is distinugishable  If your favorite player has a long wing span and long lanky arms, you're going to notice him next to a 250 pound Power forward.		The Legends are still there but I am disappointed for Kobe. While he may be on the game and looks fantastic on the 98 lakers and the 01 Lakers, and on the cover and what not, I would have love to see some more Laker love. More teams would have been nice. But I don't see anything.  And in general,  I didn't notice any new teams for the Legends lineup unfortunately. Still got the classic Bulls, Lakers,  Spurs, Celtics, etc.  I'll take those for now. But please, how bout bringing back the 2002 kings and 96 Pacers for next year please? :) The last few years, fans have really been complaining on the look of the Legends, usually the complaints are because of their faces looking "not like their actual counterparts".  I thought they looked just okay in NBA 16. You'll have that great looking Legend, then find a Legend that looks downright bad. Jordan has been off for years. When they made the transition to next gen, something happened. Jordan looks a little better this year. And thankfully Steve Kerr no longer looks like a Ken Doll.  While we shouldn't nitpick so much, I'd like to ask 2K why the Legends don't receive more love as the current guys, because their faces look fantastic. The fans, eh. Still look like zombies. They show a little more animation and a bit more lively. But up close when you see them, they really don't look that much different.		Out of the box, you get the Dream Team. Wahoo! Barkley finally signed. It's too bad we don't have a team like the 76ers or the Suns when Barkley was with them, but having the Dreamteam back again is amazing. Arguably the best basketball team ever made!!!		2K advertised authentic arena sounds and chants. In a nutshell, I'd say, yes, it's better than 2k17. But dosn't expect anything mind-blowingly awesome.  They still use that generic PA announcer. You'll recognize him. He's been in the game since 2k9! I don't mind him, but man, wouldn't it be nice to have an authentic PA announcer for each venue?  The crowd noise is better, not great, just better. Seems to be a little more interaction and emotion with things going on with the action. More cheers and more boos. It does add to the immersion. I need to play at some more venues around the league to determine  if the chants and stadium sounds are truly authentic.		The game boasts 10 different commentators. I've only heard one different one in my play time so far, I think I ran into the usual, Kevin Harlan and I think the other guy was Brent Barry. Depending on where you play, you'll get a different guy along side with Harlan. It's pretty cool. Not sure how deep the commentary is, but we shall see. The halftime show is still Shaq, Kenny and Ernie. Ehhh. You'd think with Barkley being on the Dreamteam they could get him to be in the halftime. Nope. Darn it.		Update: After a few days I can talk a little more about My Career. It's awesome. You take your college phenom into the NBA and try to turn him into an NBA great. You get drafted to a random team and it takes you through an interesting story and the set pieces they put you in a great.  The story I'd expect to be cheese all the way, but I was genuinely interested on what each day would bring. The first day I got draft, I met with one of my rookie teammates and we played a game of 2k in the apartment.  You can play pickup games with your team mates at the practice stadium or at your what I would call a "crib". You get a text messages from friends, coaches and even your mom. The texting thing is more fun to use than I thought and it keeps the game fresh. Leveling up to get your attributes seems to take a bit longer than it should however. And the pickup games with my friends/teammates doesnt' seem to give me any points/coins to gain. Maybe I'll get rewards later? Either way, it's a long process getting your guy solid. AS a standout draft pick, You' think your player would be higher than 55-57 overall. To me, we should be at least a 70. But ya know, the fun is leveling up. You get your most points playing real games. The game is different experience controlling one guy on the court. Sometimes I feel my team mates need to get me more involved. But overall, the AI is pretty good about getting me the ball.  The mode will keep you busy all year.		I had a few glitches of blue screens obliterating the screen where I couldn't see the action until the moment of tip off. Glitchy! Happened a few times. No major glitches though where I had to reset.		NBA 2K17 continues to be the best sports franchise on the planet. Better than FIFA, better then Madden, better than NHL and of course better than NBA Live. There's a lot of love put into these games and while I'm sure we'll have those initial launch bugs of "hey what's this bug about?" It's just something we have to deal with. But hopefully with time, it will last until next year. Thank you 2k for keeping basketball fun!
0,One of the best games I've played in a really long time. I tend to take my time playing games, and I never feel rushed playing this game. I love the graphics and the variety. The world seems really open and I feel almost limitless opportunity in what I can try. I feel like I've barely scratched the surface, and can imagine playing this game for a very long time to come. Quests are awesome, voice acting is tremendous, gamespeed is spot on for casual playstyles. I do wish I could save the game anywhere, but I don't mind the quick trip to my safehouse as driving around the city is one of my favorite things to do in the game. I haven't had any technical difficulties, bugs, or crashes at all yet.
0,FF VIII is hated because it is not FF VII. It offers amazing gameplay, huge sidequests, great graphics, a cast of interesting deep intertwined characters and alot of optional material. All the different summons (Guardian Forces) and the abilites they come with alone makes the game thrilling. A must play for any RPG games concerned with plots and side quests. Also you can get Odin as a"summon". I put it that way because once you get him he will randomly appear and kill every enemy.
0,If you think that Kingdom Hearts is stupid just because it has Disney characters in it, you are seriously mistaken my friend.  THIS GAME RULES! The fighting system is pretty new for a square game, it takes RPG elements and combines them with a Zelda 64 style battle system.  And I'm lovin it.	  One of the coolest things about this game is that you get to see returning Final Fantasy characters such as Squall, Cloud, Tidus, Wakka, Selphie, Yuffie, Aeris, Cid, moogles and non other than Sephiroth (who is exclusive to the American version!).	The characters have had cool costume changes for the game and have been fitted with great voice actors.  Yes even Sephiroth's voice is awesome (Lance Bass plays him, and did a good job).	  If you are into RPG games, buy this.  If you are into adventure games, buy this.  No matter what, you will have fun.  It takes a good chunk out of your time too. (About 25+ hours if you get every secret and stuff) And your gonna wanna take yo.ur time to get every secret.  Because if you do, after the credits you are treated to a teaser trailer for Kingdom Hearts 2.	Dont wait.  Get this today.
0,This game really is a fun way to learn. But as with regular lessons I still just gave up. So you still really have to WANT to learn. 5 Stars still because I enjoyed it.
0,The game disc functions fine have no problems. This game is funs as Star Wars adventure games goes but in this game,you have do a little to much of exploring and puzzles solving before even you can have any battle with the Empire forces.
0,I'm very familiar with the Mario Tennis series.  And this game was done very well.  It was interesting to see how many Yoshis you could add to this game with the QR system.  Anyway, the gameplay is similar to that of the N64 version.  The only difference are the chance marks, which allowed you to make a powerful shot whenever you stepped on one and did the corresponding move.  The extra games were fun, too.  I have yet to fully try its online capabilities, so I can't say much about that.  Anyway, I enjoy Mario Tennis.  It's the reason I started enjoying Tennis overall.  This game is worth checking out.
0,Well as a collector I only bought this imported version just to use. It was easier this way and a little cheaper. But over all bowser Jr completes the set for me and is a perfect addition to Bowsers crew for playing Smash Bros :)
0,Patch 1.02 allows for this to be played in English and the game is very neat for a niche indie game.
0,awsome!
0,This game is totally mind blowing, so many areas to cover, hours of play and has awesome amazing graphics and so much more to conquer! 5+Stars *****Buy this game!! It worth the money.
0,The original "Diablo" came along at a time when the CRPG market was in dire straits. The game breathed fresh life into the genre and created an unparalleled accessibility that made it very easy to pick up play. Using the "If it ain't broke, don't fix it" formula, the sequel follows along the lines of the original, and expands it into a bigger and better game.		For starters, there are 5 available classes to play with. The fierce Amazon, who excels in javelin and ranged weapons, the melee-specialist Barbarian, the Sorceress, who excels in flinging destructive spells, the undead-raising Necromancer and the holy Paladin. All of the 5 classes have drastically different playing styles, and there is no skill sharing here. Every class is meticulously detailed in every aspect of their skills available, to provide a unique gameplay experience.		The story follows on from the prequel, and is intriguing, if rather sparse at times. The hero who killed Diablo in the first game, which you played as, is now possessed by the evil demon thanks to the soul shard embedded within him. Ironically the hero wanted to imprison Diablo within the shard, and then use his own body as a prison for the shard, but now the Lord Of Terror has overpowered the hero's will and taken control of his once noble body, and sets forth to release his brothers and open the gates of hell for the final time. Your job is to hunt down Diablo and playing as one of the 5 classes, you journey across 4 Acts, all of which are extremely detailed and well thought out in terms of difficulty balance. Act One alone is as big as the entire original game! The distances you can cover are truly humongous. There is a sense of restriction however, because there are pesky barriers set up to quarantine you within the zones. So there is no sightseeing here, you are given a path, and you've got to follow it in order to get the job done. The quests given are interesting and very fun, but the real shame is that there is so few of them. A couple more per Act wouldn't have hurt.		But the essence of "Diablo II" is very much in its practical side. Tinkering with your characters' stats and hunting for items dropped by the monsters is the main attraction. There are literally thousands of items in the game, from magical rings, to rare axes, to the golden unique items, all of which are there for you to play dress up with. Set items are the rarest of them all, and if the set is completed by finding all the pieces (e.g. Death's Hand Sash, Death's Hand Boots...) then you get a very nice bonus. The amount of different monsters you can slay is truly astounding. All kinds of evil critters and denizens of hell make an appearance here, from vicious giant vultures, to lurking sea snakes, and of course - zombies! And lots of zombies too, since this is very much a hack and slash game, you will be clicking and clicking as you trudge through the millions of minions the game throws at you. It does get tedious sometimes, which is the only real letdown of the game's design. There isn't really enough depth to the story to make up for the sheer amount of clicking you have to do. The variance in areas does help, as does the motivation to get better loot, but other than that, "Diablo II" is just a giant slashfest. The Bosses you face at the end of each Act do have to get special mention however. They are extremely challenging and very neat to go up against.		The graphics are attractive, and they were considered very good for its time. Of course, now the 2D backdrops and limited animations are considered dated. The graphics do not detract from the ambience however, all of the monsters have plenty of color, and weather kicks in every now and then. Your character isn't very complex in the animation department I must admit. After all, how many different ways can a Barbarian swing a sword? The different skills do look cool however, like the Sorceress' blaze, where she leaves a trail of fire in her wake.		The music is rather bland, if suitable for the atmosphere. There are dark overtones here with an emphasis on the instrumental side of music. The desert flutes and jungle drums are nice, but the dungeons could have used a little more flair. The monster sounds are amusing, and the voice acting is top notch, as can be expected from Blizzard. The cinematic FMV's (full motion videos) that play between the conclusion of each Act are nothing short of stunning, and truly blew me away. Blizzard set their bar with "Starcraft" and then jumped it themselves with the new standard of cutscenes in "Diablo II".		The multiplayer offering is solid, with Blizzard's Battle.net service providing a stable online gaming experience. Competitive ladders, duels, and just causal playing are all catered for with the ever popular Battle.net. You won't have to look far for a game to join, the lobbies are teeming with life even now. Online characters are created for Battle.net only and stored separately from your singleplayer characters, to prevent any funny business.		The replay value of this game is astonishing. Considering the 20+ hours it takes to complete it the first time, not to mention the Nightmare and Hell modes, which are unlocked after completing Normal mode, there is a lot of playing to do here. Nightmare and Hell modes offer new items, and harder monsters. It is essentially playing through the game a second time, with much tougher monsters, and much better loot. The concept is brilliant, and of course you will be itching to try the other classes as well to see how they fare. Let me warn you though, this game is very addictive, even in singleplayer. Online, that's a whole other level of cyber-crack. The intense competition for items and the jockeying for positions on the ladders are what kept the game alive for this long.		If you are looking for an action RPG that has longevity, without a deep story line and dialogue to bog you down, then this is your game. Those out there who are all about stats and equipment, and competitive gaming need look no further than "Diablo II". Blizzard is known for their excellent pedigree, and they don't disappoint. "Diablo II" improves upon the original in every aspect, and provides the most bang for your buck out of any classic RPG out there. Do yourself a favor and pick this up from a bargain bin. Putting it down again, now that's another story.
0,Simply amazing.		This is by far the most unique single player FPS experience I've had.
0,Good controller. I like the cordless feature. I have had it for over a year and it hasn't broken yet. Unlike the cheaper cordless controller I purchased before.
0,ive been a fan of the mega man X games for a LONG time, and i read reviews and watched videos for the 1st mega man zero, and decided to take the plunge into buying this collection, and BOY am i glad i dead! u cant go wrong for $30, although i will say this: I DID NOT buy this COLLECTION from this website! i bought it at my local gamestop in town! do it, buy this collection for the DS!
0,It is sad to see that SNK has decided to discontinue Neo Geo Pocket sales in North America because the NGP is by far the best portable system around.  THe NGP has the best graphics availiable in a porrtable console, and  features many of the best portable games.  Almost every Pocket game is of  high quality, and on average their games are twice as good as gameboy.  Since they have decided to discontinue North American sales I wouldn't  advise buying this system unless you can afford to buy many of their great  games before Amazon.com runs out.  This really is the best portable system!
0,I bought this a couple of days after it came out and since then i still play it. I am glad that i bought the value pack because it came with everything that i needed and i did not want to buy. I played the psp 2000 and i liked it much better so now i might buy the 3000 or psp go. I got it a long  time ago so back then i only had the GBs so i thought that the screen and the graphics were the best in the world for a portable. But after a while the headphones were great untill i lost them and the case was not very protective so i bought a new one. The memory card was small and did not hold much so i couldent put music, photos, and have games saved on it so i just used my ipod. It is heavy and not very comfortable. The strap that comes with it is handy. U can choose the color of the menu background or use a photo. I paid 250 bucks for it and today even if u buy the value pack it is not worth even close to that much. The graphics and sound is not as good as the ps2 but better than a GC or a ps1. In fact most games becides racing games, r almost the same as some ps2 games. This system is good if u buy a newer one like the 3000 or the go but this one is the first and the oldest so if u don't like it i would buy one of the newer ones.
0,Cons:		1.  Flakey, slow Corsair software.		2. Only three manual brightness levels.  They say 4, but one of those is off.		3.  Space bar has wear through the black paint after a few months of use (see photo).  The spacebar is the only key thats textured, oddly.		4.  Plastic kb casing face comes close to the outer key boundary, so pulling the outer key caps is interfered with by the casing.		5. Caps Lock key is always lit, the on/off indicator is an LED bar on the upper right.  There are three similar lit indicator bars (num-lock and scroll-lock) so there is no way to know which of the three are lit up.		Pros:		1.  Although plastic, the kb has a sturdy feel.  I would guess there is a metal plate inside.  The long keys--return, shift, etc.--have good feel and sound to them, other manufacturers use cheaper supplemental key guides, giving the long keys a cheap feel.  The space bar does sound and feel cheap.		2. This paragraph applies to any Cherry MX kb.  This kb has that silky smooth, very solid Cherry MX Red feel.  I love linear Cherry MX Red keys, but some find them too soft at only 45g actuation.  The disadvantage of the soft touch is a higher rate of typos.  You'll get more accurate over time as a result.  If you like a smooth, non-tactile feel (= no stroke bump/notch and no audible click at the beginning of each keystroke) Cherry MX Black keys are 60g non-tactile linear keys, and the just released "Nature White" keys have a 55g non-tactile stroke.  To me, black is too heavy, so I live with a little higher typo rate.  Nature White keys availability remains limited.  Red keys are on the quiet side of the mechanical spectrum, because there is no notch and no audible click.  The only sound comes from bouncing off the back-plate.  All tactile key options are louder than Red, including Brown, which is a similarly soft 45g version of tactile key variants. To make choices even more complicated, rubber O ring kits only cost a few bucks and are easy to install for those who want to quiet the board a little, or to slightly reduce the length of the stoke.  In either case, try Nature-White or Black before installing O rings to Red, since it make the keys even easier to press down to the bottom.		3.  Has a USB port.  The downside is it takes a second USB connection to use, so it is effectively useless.		4. Nice clear professional font is large and easy to read.  Too many Cherry MX Red kbs are targeted at young gamers who like spaceaged fonts that suck for typing.		5. The non-shifted key options are also backlit, though less brightly.  Because Cherry keys each have their own LED near the top of each key mechanism, the top half of each key is more brightly lit than the bottom half.  Most keyboards take the cheap way out, and paint the shifted-key symbols on without light pass though - so you can't see the shift options at night.  This kb lights the top half of every key directly, while the shifted characters are also transparent so they are lit indirectly.  This is great at night.  One downside of modern mechanical lighting is the LED is at the top of each key.  This leads most manufacturers to invert the shift character position compared to "old fashioned" keyboards, so the shift function actually selects the bottom symbol on each key.  At least Corsair is consistent, always shifting to select the bottom key symbol.  Many manufacturers allow shift to choose the bottom of some keys while shift still chooses the tops of some lesser used keys, even within the same keyboard layout.  Others choose to lay the shift options keys out on the left-right instead of top-bottom.  I like this kb's layout the best.		Overall - the board is priced well and the Cherry MX Red keys are great for non-tactile heavy duty gamers who need soft keys to survive intense sessions, and maybe even better for typists who prefer a silky smooth linear stroke where the only sound is a bounce off the back-plate.
0,What I don't like about this game so much is that you have to recruit soldiers before you start really playing the game. After that, get ready for some actions, and the good story. Don't get the Metal Gear Portable Plus, get this one first. With the Plus you will miss the whole story and much more. If you like this game, try Syphon Filter too (you won't have to recruit to start playing the real game).
0,I have played guitar since I was about 15. I stopped about 7 years ago and rarely picked up my guitar. This game has revitalized my passion for music and playing guitar. My fingers are getting back into shape and I am even getting callouses on my finger tips again. The song list isn't that expansive, but the store has a lot of songs to buy(at a steep price too) Either way I have been and will continue to play this until I am at my best form. Also, if you plug a digital audio cable directly from the Xbox to a soundbar there is no lag whatsoever.
0,The controller works very well and feels very comfortable. Controller has no problems. I'd recommend if you need to replace some broken N64 controllers. For Nintendo fanatics, just be warned it doesn't say Nintendo above the start button like official controllers.
0,Nice way to get all the DLC
0,Fits everything perfectly and is neat and organized. I would recommend this to everyone
0,The Good:		+A highly engrossing story filled with twists, turns and intrigue	+A fantastic atmosphere	+A lengthy campaign mode	+Great Remastered Visuals	+Very good use of sound	+Raid Mode is incredibly addictive		The Bad:		-Your AI controlled partner is useless	-There's no splitscreen co-op on Raid Mode	-There isn't really enough new content to justify a purchase for those who already have it on 3DS		NOTE: The Following Review is Long		---		In 2012 CAPCOM released three Resident Evil titles.  There was the much panned Operation Raccoon City, then there was the mixed reaction to Resident Evil 6.  Who'd have thought that the best of the Resident Evil titles released in 2012 was the 3DS game: Resident Evil Revelations?  The experience was so good, evoking so much of what made Resident Evil so good in the first place that at the time I felt it was a shame that so few fans were going to be able to experience it.  At the time of the original release, the 3DS didn't have a huge install base.  Now that it has gotten a release on consoles, fans can finally experience one of the best Resident Evil games around.  Resident Evil Revelations is a fantastic experience.		Set before the events of Resident Evil 5, Revelations focuses on the BSAA. A counter Bio-Terrorism group started by Chris and Jill. Our game begins when Jill and her partner Parker, sail out to the Mediterranean. They've lost contact with Chris and his partner Jessica and their last known coordinates were there. When they arrive they find a cruise ship, the Queen Zenobia, strangely abandoned. And soon it becomes apparent why. There are Bio Organic Weapons (B.O.W.s) running around all over the ship. One of the things that made some of the earliest Resident Evil games amusing was that there was a mystery at play. A sort of, "What's going on?" feeling to the game. Resident Evil Revelations has this in strides as the plot is actually extremely engrossing. There's a lot of mystery and suspense. And the stories are intertwined as we're introduced to new characters and situations that can, at times, take surprising turns. The story is just all around amazing.  At first it feels a little jumpy by introducing so many different plot points, but it actually all weaves together fairly well and makes for a good story.		As you go exploring the various environments you find yourself in, you'll come face to face with several enemies that are usually dispensed with your trusty weapon. Aiming and shooting is similar to Resident Evil 4. You can take aim at various parts of the body, and when your enemies stagger you can go in for a quick melee attack. If you've kept up with the series since the fourth installment then this will be familiar to you. You can also strife while aiming, but chances are you'll find it much better to pop an enemy a couple of times, retreat and then pop them again. There are, however a few things added to the game itself that keep it interesting. You'll do a lot of running and gunning, but one of the most unique items your given is an item only known as Genesis, which you can use to scan several areas for hidden items or data on your enemies. It's hard not to go into a room and use it. The rewards are usually finding more ammo or precious herbs to heal your wounds.  On the 3DS the controls were pretty precise and tight, but the use of a second analog stick makes the controls a lot better in the console version.  You can play in the "classic" sense, which maps out the controls to be fairly similar to Resident Evil 4.  I don't particularly recommend this.  The "classic" controls feel more restrictive.  You can't rotate the camera and in some moments in Revelations you're definitely going to want to.		There aren't many puzzles in Resident Evil Revelations at all. There are moments where you'll have to move a few circuits around, but they're hardly mind-bending moments. It's much more about the gunplay here and there's an emphasis put on that. You'll not only find weapons but also custom parts for those weapons that will make them more powerful, or fire faster or perhaps might help them do a better job of stunning your enemies. You can mix and match all you like and apply them to any type of weapon you want.		After running through so many Resident Evil games, it's a wonder if Resident Evil can actually be scary anymore. Well, not really. But Revelations has various ways of trying to be scary. The first and most obvious is the atmosphere. Especially on the Queen Zenobia. Hallways are suspiciously empty, music hits some really eerie notes, and sometimes you'll find dead bodies or see some enemies pop out as you run by. Resident Evil has been doing these things since the very first installment and it's hard to be creeped out by the billionth enemy popping out at you when you've been exposed to that for seventeen years now. In spite of the atmosphere and the mystery given by various documents you'll find through the game, Resident Evil Revelations isn't going to scare anyone. You have to give credit to the game for trying at least. It does this in other ways as well. You'll find various keys to unlock locked doors, find yourself backtracking through previous rooms only to find them repopulated with new horror, and sometimes you'll find yourself wondering if you'll survive. All this is compounded by some very well done set pieces. Early on, for instance, you'll find yourself unable to stand as a pack of mutated dogs set their sights on you. It's a very tense moment where you, the player, may actually begin to feel just a little frightened you won't survive. Moments like this make you feel as though Resident Evil is returning to its roots. So at the very least Revelations tries to be scary and give you a sense of fear. It basically tries to take the best of the two styles of Resident Evil and mesh them together. The atmosphere and mystery is inspired by the early installments while the gunplay is drawn from the latter ones. It's a well put together hybrid. Just don't expect it to scare the pants off you.		No matter who the game has you play as, you'll always have a partner, and this is perhaps the most glaring shortcoming that Revelations has. The rest of the game is great and it's other flaws forgivable, but when it comes to your partner, CAPCOM still hasn't made a competent one. They won't spend time wasting your resources like Sheva in Resident Evil 5, but a lot of the time they just stand there doing nothing. They rarely even shoot at your enemies, and most times they just follow you around like a confused puppy. If they did a little more such as point out objectives or even tried to battle a little more it wouldn't be so bad. The only use your AI partner really has is soaking up damage on your behalf.  The good news is that they can't die.  They can take as much damage as they need to.  They may be useless, but you are not in a position where you must babysit them.		There are a few things about the 3DS version that I do miss to some degree.  While it's always easy to switch between your weapons and subweapons using the D-Pad, I do miss that all my inventory management is no longer on a bottom screen.  It doesn't clutter the heads up display, but on the 3DS it was easy to be immersed because the top screen where all the action took place was completely clean.  It made for a more immersive experience.		There are other differences between the consoles and 3DS versions of the game aside from the hardware.  For one, load times are more noticeable.  While even the 3DS version had to load new areas causing severe dips in framerate (which isn't a big deal, you're in no real danger during these times) it's kind of strange that powerful consoles have to take a moment to load up some of the pre-rendered cutscenes where as the 3DS has little problem transitioning into them almost seamlessly.  Likewise, while the console version has a lovely HD remaster you can definitely tell that it was made for the smaller screen.  When blown up quite a bit of the game looks really good and detailed, but you can definitely see some blemishes that were not really noticeable on the 3DS version of the game.  The game looks good, but sometimes it looks better on the 3DS (where those blemishes don't stand out as much) and runs better on the 3DS (where you aren't interrupted nearly as much by "Now Loading" screens).		The most noticeable difference between the versions, however, is that the console versions offer a new difficulty setting: Infernal Mode.  This is a lot more than just increasing how powerful enemies are.  This puts entirely new sets of enemies in some parts of the game.  You'll encounter the strongest of enemies a lot sooner.  For those really wanting to test their skills, this new difficulty setting is certainly worth a try.		The original 3DS version had another mode called Raid Mode.  This mode returns.  It's a co-op mode that sends you through about twenty different missions killing your way through enemies, trying to earn the highest score and upgrading your equipment along the way.  Raid Mode is highly addictive if you're one who really loves the gunplay.  You may even find yourself spending more time here than you do in the main campaign.  Mostly because it also has difficulty settings and it changes up the enemies and how many you'll find on each difficulty setting.  It's almost like getting an entirely separate game along with the main campaign.  It's very fun and being able to really customize your weapons and level up makes Raid Mode worth playing.  You can play solo or you can go online with a friend (or stranger).  The only downside to Raid Mode, really, is that the co-op can only be done online.  It's a shame that there is no split screen multiplayer.  There isn't a lot added to Raid Mode, however.  There are a couple more costumes and a new character to play as, but not a lot of additions.  Don't think you can just jump in, however.  In order to access everything Raid Mode has to offer you'll have to complete the main campaign.		All this makes Resident Evil Revelations a near perfect package of content.  The campaign is a good length and Raid Mode has such an enormous fun factor that you'll find yourself playing through the missions several times on end.  As with every reissue of a game, however, the big question is whether or not you should buy it if you already have the original game.  If you already have it on the 3DS the idea of a whole new difficulty setting and a couple of extra costumes in Raid Mode might not be enough to justify a fifty dollar price tag to those who already have the 3DS version.  On the other hand, if you've never played it before (or lack a 3DS) then it's not such a bad idea to grab it.		If you've never taken the time to play Resident Evil: Revelations then now is probably a good time to do so.  It's a good game that provides some of the aspects about Resident Evil we used to love so much, while keeping some of the new gameplay enhancements there to keep it from being dated.  Resident Evil: Revelations is a good game that no Resident Evil fan should miss.  If you've already got the 3DS version, however, there isn't much reason to rush out and buy it.
0,Works.
0,I personally think Halo: Combat Evolved is a bit better than Halo 2, but this game is still amazing. The graphics are really good, but sometimes they are a bit choppy. The new guns though are powerful, the story mode is really fun also. I wouldn't know what online play on Live would be, but from what I've heard from others its awesome. One of my friends faced two people from Bungie and they kicked my friends' ass. A must buy for Xbox gamers.
0,this game is way too funny.this review might be a little late. but any way at the beging of this game its showing the main menu.theres this wild man who says its party time lets have some fun! go to either arcade mode or any other mode.when you play you have to pick a chacter.the chacaters are called axel,b.d.joe,gena,and gus.pick b.d. joe hes awesome! in the game you go aruond picking up people and knocking things over.you have to get the person to thier place if you don't make it in time they will jump out or if you get there late they say you [stink]!i wonder if there going to make crazy taxi 2 for ps2.i got this game for chistmas.this game will just make you laugh.buy it! it is funny.you don't have to. but if i were you id buy it!
0,How do you like your kills? Pick one - Extra Bloody Violent and Gory - Cranium Splitting Gut Spilling and Ripping  - or how about just plain old Neck Breaking followed by Baseball Bat Swinging Decapitation? For what its worth, Manhunt is easily the most depraved and violent video game ever to be released on the general publics computer store shelves and who better to bring it to us that the developers of Grand Theft Auto.	The story is a simple one. You play a guy called Cash who has cheated a state execution because of a guy called the director (starkweather) who wants to see you hunted on the streets of Carson city by gangs of deranged hoodlums who he has hired to track you down for a live snuff film he is making. He directs you to murder the hoods as he films your every move. You better get violent quick if you want to make it out alive!	I have played and finished the game in three days.  It was worth every minute! First of all let us address some issues just to get everything into perspective. Manhunt is a far cry from the terrible State of Emergency also released by Rockstar. The graphics are certainly not Silent Hill 3 or Metal Gear Solid 2, but they are better than Grand Theft Auto: Vice City - but not by much. However the character moves are certainly superior to Vice City in 3rd person mode but the button bashing moves are not a whole pile different................. but this is NOT a button bashing game! Many people will hate this game if they do not take the time to actually play along with the stealth involved in the games architecture. If you only go for button bashing then you will only end up playing a fraction of what this great game has to offer.	If you think that Manhunt is just a bloodier version of the street brawls in Vice City then you will be mistaken. Manhunt is everything that you could hope for! It is an ORIGINAL game! It is hyper-violent! It has a unique story, with lots of levels, weapons and death moves.  It is a FULLY FLEDGED 3rd person beam em up / shoot em up with approx. 22 levels from what I can see.	The best way to equate this game is by comparing it to the graphics and gameplay seen in Shadowman 2, crossed with the stealth of Splinter Cell and Tencho with a dash of Hitman 2 along with loads of nasty weapons and lashing more blood and gore. It also boasts a very unique way of creating finishing moves. Out of the 20+ weapons there are 60 possible death moves and maybe even more. However this is all not just kill, kill and kill some more. You got to use stealth and you have got to use some tactics in splitting up the hunters so you can jump out from behind a dark alleyway and proceed to slowly follow them before setting up a finishing murder move. You can go into a street brawl if you want too but chances are that you will just end up trying to take on a gang who will turn you into pulp.	There is a steep learning curve involved. If you rent for one night you will hate it. It took me awhile to get INTO the game and when you do it becomes something else. You actually experience the advantage of stealth mode when inflicting your kills and the game becomes a CHALLENGE!	This is not such a simple beat em up and certainly not as fluid as Vice City but if you will spend time on it you will experience THE MOST BRUTAL game ever made. The game does have some cons - graphic detail is low, camera angles can sometimes be annoying, there is a linear story (but a good one!) and a lot of repetitive play but HELL this IS what everyone has been screaming out for! An ORIGINAL HYPER-VIOLENT game that actually  has a half-decent storyline with some wicked sound effects to boot. The game is very funny in parts and the bad guys say hysterical things when you are hiding in the alley. It actually seems REAL at times! This just goes to show that graphics do not always make a game! The sound effects are top-notch and the cut scenes are vicious. When you compare this game to others of its type (Splinter Cell, Hitman, Shadowman 2) it ranks right up there with them! It is great ... ONCE YOU GET INTO IT! Give it time and wham! Instant pleasure in a sort of horrific way. If that is your thing then you will love it! All hail the surprise Rockstar xmas blockbuster! We didn't even see it coming.......... whack!	Pros:	- Originality	- Ultra-Violent!	- Lots of nasty surprises.	- Loads of weapons, bad guys and levels.	- Outstanding finishing death moves.	- You will play it again if you like it.	Cons:	- PC version will probably have a way better graphics.	- You may not like repeating scenes over and over again when you loose.	- Some parts can be too easy and others nearly impossible.	- Its not Grand Theft Auto 5.	***As a note this is a very ADULT orientated game with LOTS of VERY BAD language and LOTS of GORE. ABSOLUTELY NOT FOR KIDS!***
0,A great game to play.  The Mad hatter's Tea Party is fun.  Can't wait to play it again.  It kinda reminds me of "The Wizard	of Oz" which I love.  The graphics are beautiful, hidden objects are easy to find. The bonus "Alice in Wonderland was fun	also.
0,Probably one of my favorites titles on the PS4.
0,I bought this game for myself after playing Torchlight and like it very much. One advantage it has over Torchlight is that the action takes place outside in the daylight as well as in dungeons. What I really like is that you can play it in short sessions so if like me your gaming time is limited then this could be the game for you. It is easy to pick up but very challenging in places ( I am on the easy level). It is a smash and slash like Torchlight or Diablo set in ancient Greece and Orient. The game world is huge and there's tons of loot, lots of magic and ways to upgrade. If you like hack and slash then I highly recommend this game especially to people who want something more challenging than a "casual" game but not so time consuming as to have devote hours at a time to a gaming session. I play on a Window 7 Acer laptop with a 2.5 ghz processor with the AMD Radeon 7670 graphics card with 1 gig of video memory and have no problems running the game.
0,Thank you.
0,kids liked it
0,Awesome
0,Still one of my favorite all time classics on the 360. The achievements are challenging, but really fun, plus it looks amazing in HD, and the gameplay and controls are still pretty unique.
0,Thank You
0,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Crash-Nitro-Kart-PlayStation-2/dp/B00008NRM7/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Crash Nitro Kart - PlayStation 2</a>&nbsp;I enjoy this game, it is similar to CTR. Uka hits are annoying, other than that this is a great game.
0,Ok
0,This game is insane.  Anything is possible, and everything is tried.  The game allows for tons of freedom for creativity, a imagination stimulating, game that makes you think, while being addicting, endearing, and wonderful in every possible way.  Little Big Planet is by no small measure a masterpiece.		This game is an absolute MUST for everyone with a ps3!  the multiplayer is basically functional in every capacity possible, the online is wonderful and fully integrated, you can even get help from your in game friends!  No gorey violence, nothing that is inapropriate for kids, and the game is by no means made for kids!  Everyone in my household is utterly addicted to this game, we just cant get enough of Sack boy and sack girl!
0,At the begining this game is a little bit boring, but after playing it for a while it became really fun and insteresting. You should give it a try!. What I didn't like was that Gabriel runs too quickly and sometimes you just want to slowly walk and admire the beautiful scenarios. Another issue was that sometimes the character moved to another direction and I know it wasn't a problem with my controller.
0,A1 excellent
0,Zelda + Diablo + God of War = Darksiders 2
0,When I first got IoH and started to play it I fell in love with the new graphics and storyline, but I didn't like the controls at all. After playing for a little while though, I got used to the stylus controls and now actually love it! No more dropping your items, littering, or missing your target! Other people are complaining, but honestly think it just takes some getting used to.		As for the gameplay: AMAZING! This is the most challenging Harvest Moon game they've come out with. You really have to earn everything and as time goes on more things become available. You really have to work at it if you want to get farther. And its not too challenging to the point where you want to give up either. It makes everday on the game a true workday where you have to decide what is more important: crops, animals, forages, fishing, mining, cooking, or friendship/marriage. I love being able to see your stamina and fullness too! It really challenges you.		Another thing: you can play as either a boy or a girl! No more waiting for the girl version! It's like 2 games in one! There are six marriage canidates for each sex, too!		Overall I rate the game as follows:	Controls: 4 stars	Graphics: 5 stars	Sound: 4.5 stars	Gameplay: 5 stars
0,great
0,I've played few "Spidey" games and this one is great.  Open world movement, collecting the comics keeps you on the move, it's fun to partake in the sidemissions; challenges, savings citizens.  You get to look for other costumes, just a great game!
0,Best system still awesome color too :)
0,Feels like a smaller Xbox one controller. I love it for my Razer Blade because I don't have to use that stupid Xbox one controller USB adapter. It is responsive and fast. Uses AA batteries, which I prefer. Also great on my Android. I play PPSSPP emulator perfectly fine with games like Final Fantasy dissidia 012 and Monster Hunter with this controller. Also works with android system UI. I was able to navigate my homescreen and the web with it; which is useful because I stream my android to my TV. My phone feels like a mini console now. Great buy, just wish it had an adapter to hold your phone for mobile play, but that really doesn't matter considering the overall quality and feel of the controller.
0,great quality, very fast shipping!  awesome!
0,I was a little hesitant on getting this game because my brother thought it wasn't that great. I thought it was awesome. I liked the fact that you were actually the good guy, instead of the criminal. I do not recommend this for kids for the fact is that there is cursing in it, blood, as well as nudity in some of the missions.
0,I've had this game since the day it came out and I HIGHLY recommend it.  This is by far the BEST single player game I've ever played. It's like being in a Blockbuster movie..  I haven't played it much since Modern Warfare 2 came out, but this is one game I won't be trading in or selling.  If you have a broadband connection the online multiplayer is actually very good too.  It's not as fast paced as Modern Warfare 2, but it definitely brings new elements like pulling people off cliffs and sneaking up behind them.  If you have a ps3 then you SHOULD have this game, if you don't have a ps3 this is a reason to get one..		It's one around 20 Game of the Year Awards, This is a ps3 exclusive and it shows you what the ps3 is capable of..
0,I never considered myself a full-fledged gamer until this system came out. I work at Toys R Us so when they came in one day suddenly, i put on on hold and bought it after my shift off of impulse. I must say, it was well worth the money.		I havnt been able to turn it off since the day I got it. Although the graphics arnt up to 2007 standards the gameplay is awesome. The entire thing is all motion actiavated and the Wii sports is one of the best things about it. After a few rounds of baseball my shoulders began to ache.		Its a great game system also in the fact that it doesnt allow you to sit down and play games all day. You actually get up and do something. So now more being lazy I guess.		But overall, its an absolute awesome system and well worht the little bit of money that it costs. its good for everyone, even non-gamers as its easy to figure out with very few buttons on the remote to have to deal with.
0,The game itself is amazing, no question. It propels the jRPG genre forward with great storytelling, characters, and gameplay. The aesthetics are flashy and interesting. A decent playthrough will probably take 60-80 hours which doesn't cover everything you can do in the game. The steelbook itself is very nice and I like having it.
0,Masterpeice!
0,works well.
0,Use these with my PC and Playstation 4 nearly everyday. Good quality and very light! Inline controls are nice for the PS4. Also, you can use the USB dongle to connect to your PS4 for audio. It does have a fairly lengthy cable so you can be some distance from the system without having to worry about it.
0,great game has a little stutter but that's just a software issue.
0,After Playing Gone Home and loving it, I wanted to play more of the same type of game. My friend, Google, directed me to To the Moon. Granted, I did have my reservations. I wasn't keen on the pixelated graphics and I didn't think anything could be as exquisitely developed as Gone Home. WRONG. WRONG. WRONG. It goes to show never to judge a game by its graphics. To the Moon is a heart-rending, emotionally-charged,mesmerizing and UNFORGETTABLE game. It's like reading a beautiful novel. The characters came to life because I found myself caring about them. It's almost like I knew them. It stayed with me long after I finished it (and I was sad to see it end). I kept on thinking about Johnny and River and had to remind myself that they're fictitious characters.		 The writing is top-notch. The dialogue is real. I loved the witty banter between Dr. Watts and Dr. Rosalene.  Dr Watts's comments are hilarious. I found myself laughing out loud. There's a lot of humor in this bittersweet story.		 The music is beautifully haunting. Evocative and melancholic. The soundtrack is what stirred my emotions. I swear, there were times when I deliberately stopped doing anything and just closed my eyes and enjoyed the sounds of the piano. I loved every moment of this game. I'm absolutely staggered by the storytelling. Staggered! The story is told backwards and I can't see it done any other way. If you want excellent storytelling and a tender love story, please, please play this game. There's little gameplay because the game is very story-focused, and what a story!  It's the story of Johnny, an old man on his deathbed. His dying wish is to go to the moon, so he signs up for Sigmund Corp where Dr. Rosalene and Dr Watts recreate his memories. The game takes you from one memory link to the next through a timeline - and that's where the rich, multi-layered story unfolds.		It's essentially a point and click game. Aside from moving from point A to point B, you collect memory links (which is very easy) and then create a memento in the form of a picture. You must flip square tiles in order to create them. It's fairly easy, too. So basically, that's the gameplay element. As I've previously stated, there's very little gameplay. Even if you've never played any type of game in your life, you'll still be able to play this game with ease. It's very simple. To the Moon is a visual novel - where the story is front and center and gaming takes a backseat.		At some point during my playthrough, my seven year old nephew saw me playing and stayed to watch me. At first, I figured he'd get bored because there's a lot of textual reading (and he's averse to reading), but I was surprised to see him engrossed in the story.  He begged me not to continue playing without him and wanted to see how it ended.  So in other words, this game will draw you in and never let go until the end credits... Keep tissues nearby because I guarantee that your eyes will prick with tears.		Whether you're a gamer or not, please play this game. The last time my emotions were acutely heightened by a game was when I played The Walking Dead by Telltale Games. I downloaded To the Moon from Steam and it was worth every dollar! Like a good book, I'll want to re-experience this unforgettable tale. I'm pretty jaded when it comes to love, but this tale reignited the romantic in me. Please play it - it'll leave a lasting impression on you - guaranteed!
0,First of all, this is a 1st person shootem up game about zombies and weird mutants, so don't expect too many mind puzzles as the ones you would find in other 1st persons such as "Bioshock" or the thief series games. I'm a fan of 1st persons since Wolfenstein 3d, and one thing has been proven again and again, you don't need to much of eye candy to enjoy a game, for left 4 dead you don't need too much as of state of the art technology in your system specs to run it or play it with pleasure. Although you can play left 4 dead in singleplayer mode with bots as companions, Left 4 dead was made for multiplayer action. I haven't had so much fun with a 1st person shooter since Duke Nukem 3D came out. Now for those who enjoy both cooperative multiplayer action and like zombie movies you are in for quite a ride, and this IMHO what the game has best to offer. You get 4 persons or "survivors" whom you can choose from: Bill (the vietnam vet), Francis (the biker tough guy), Louis (the black guy, no offense) and Zoey (the female freak who likes zombie movies). You need teamwork to survive, rambos will have a hard time playing this game, you'll need each one of the survivors to protect yourselves from hordes and hordes of zombies who want to rip you to pieces and ocassional mutants such as the "hunter" who pins you down until another coop buddy helps you out, the "smokers" who pull you up with their 100 yard tongue from rooftops, the "Boomers" who vomit on you with their zombie horde magnet puke, and the "Tanks" which are the mutated badasses of the game who can punch through columns, throw cars at you and pound you like a piata. As i was saying all of these will prey you from every corner, and every room, rooftop, and other zombie apocalypsed locations.		How the hell are we supposed to fight and survive these things?		Each survivor has an unlimited ammo pistol (which you can pair with when you get your hands on another pistol lying around for some unlimited ammo pistol frenzy) and can also choose from Submachinegun, Shotgun, Assault Rifle, AutoShotgun, Sniper Rifle. You'll find pipe bombs for attracting and making zombie nuggets out of their blasts and also molotov cocktails for barbecueing hordes of zombies.		You have medkits for health and pills for temporary health boosts.		The game brings 4 campaigns, which 4 levels each. A bonus campaign was released in Nov 2009, called Crashed course which contained two extra large levels. Level design is very good, some levels might be somewhat short, but not bad news since the action, thrills and suspense is non stop, thanks to the implemented AI director system by Valve (thumbs up) which makes Replayability virtually unlimited.		Game has multiplayer versus mode as well, you can either play as the survivors or as the mutants i described. This game mode is not my preference but it is quite entertaining though.		Graphics are good, sounds are very good, and multiplayer stability is great.		Pros: Multiplayer fun! and endless replay value.		My gripe: Not enough weapons, no melee weapons, some levels are perhaps short.		I think this would have been a great game engine for a Duke Nukem 3d comeback. Valve has proven its worthiness in game making and if it is a zombie related game they are putting out i will buy it without hesitation.
0,I should of bought this thing when it came out in 2003. The system is awesome! I play with mine almost every day, it really is a lifesaver when I get bored.
0,great
0,I did not know such a product even existed until I was researching disc read errors online and happened across a recommendation for the Wii lens cleaning kit.  We have had our Wii for about a year and a half and have recently been getting disc read errors.  I assumed this was due to scratches on the discs themselves.  After trying a couple of newer games and getting the same errors, I began to research for another solution.  I purchased this product from Amazon.  It arrived quickly, and I found it very easy to use.  We have a smoker in the house, so our Wii lens was pretty dusty.  I used two patches, and now all of the games that would not play before cleaning are now working just fine.  Highly recommended.
0,Had this one time and got rid of it since it stopped working. But now I see why I loved this game out of others in the whole series
0,Amazing!
0,It charges so fast, and the charge lasts and lasts.
0,Fun, but really hard
0,Pro Skater is a skateboarding game like no other, first, chose from 13 pro skaters each with their own tricks, stats and special moves or create your own custom made pro skater. Then have them skate in eight detailed skate parks (several more hidden!). The price of this game is so low (because it is dated), and the graphics are a huge step up from the Playstation and N64 versions, such as very detailed textures and even graffiti looks great. The X-Box version of this game does a lot of things right and a lot of things wrong. This game came out after Tony Hawk 3 had come out, and could have included several upgrades from the superior Tony Hawk 3 game. The makers of the game did not use the X-Box to its full capability, such as having limitless saves for replays, created skaters and created skate parks. There are no custom soundtracks either, which is a huge let down with the X-Box's hard drive able of keeping music on it. The game really needs to be divided into three parts, the Tony Hawk Pro Skater 2 part, that has eight courses to skate on where for each course, there are a number of goals to accomplish for each, such getting high scores by earning points from performing tricks, grinds, and jumps over gaps (like building to building), collecting the letters SKATE, grinding three rails, jumping over fire hydrants and various other things, they vary from level to level. When you complete a goal you get money to gain cash that you can buy new skateboards, upgrades to better your skater and you can also buy bigger tricks.  The second part comes after you complete the Tony Hawk 2 game, then it unlocks a new career, the Tony Hawk Pro Skater 2X, which consists of five ALL NEW courses exclusively for the X-Box. The levels are a nigh club in London, a construction site in Texas, a skate park in Tampa Bay (the skate park is also in Tony Hawk's Underground), and two fictional areas, the subway and a skatepark with large grinds. There are new goals to do, but you do not get money for completing these goals. These courses are very lack luster and look more like they were rejected from Tony Hawk Pro Skater 1, which brings us to the third part of the game. Once you go through three of the Tony Hawk 2X levels that unlocks the old Tony Hawk Pro Skater 1 levels! You can skate through them pretty quickly, even with the upgraded textures there are no other improvements to the Tony Hawk 1 levels. The game has twenty-four courses in all!
0,Most games age like milk. They become stale and campy after a few years. But Doom is the series that has withstood a lot of crap and still kept on swinging. I would highly recommend getting this. Or at least getting the Doom games individually or something. Whatever tickles your fancy.	FYI Look for the Doomsday Engine to make your traditional Doom game get a facelift.
0,Good game
0,Solid low profile keyboard. The responsiveness in the keys has helped my typing speed and learning to not bottom out my keystrokes. The software is a bit of a letdown. You can select a number of colors and effects, but the color selection is very inaccurate. It's on a left to right slide scale, but you can't zoom in to get a specific color. But  since that doesn't affect the keyboard in any meaningful way, I won't knock my score down. I just hope Tesoro continues to refine the software to be a bit more user friendly.
0,I bought this game despite some reviewers saying there were frame rate slow downs etc, and I'm so glad I did.  This isn't the best PS3 game out (that goes to Uncharted in my book) but this is my number 2 PS3 game.		There are five games included in this package, and each one is mind blowingly good.  Portal is the most unique game experience I've had in a long time, and Portal alone is something every gamer should experience.		Then there's the Half-Life 2 series, which includes three variations of that game basically, and countless hours of content.  The atmosphere and story is excellent, and again unique.  The nice thing about these games is that the story is all told by the things other people say to you, and the things that happen in the environment.  This is true of Portal as well.  The fact that your character doesn't talk makes it feel more like it's you in the game, and it allows you to have your own thoughts/reactions to what's being said and done, without anyone telling you what your character feels.  It's wonderful.		There are some frame drops and the occasional hitching, but this honestly didn't bother me very much at all.  It happens rarely, and honestly games in previous generations suffered much worse and didn't stop anyone from buying them, and nor should it stop anyone here.  For the most part the game is smooth, with gorgeous graphics, anti aliasing.  Most home computers would probably run this game at less detail offered here, and STILL have far worse technical problems.  I had my second best gaming experience of the year with this game (Uncharted being number 1) so clearly I think it's a superb addition to any PS3 library.
0,BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT FOR MY GRANDSON. ABSOLUTELY LOVES IT
0,I don't need to add to all the glowing positivity that it credibly gains. So let me nit pick.		This major one is the drum pedal snapping. So I suggest you reinforce it. Go to Loewe's and the lumber section. You'll find a flat metal hinge / plate with holes pre-drilled. Its about 5 inches long and 1.5" wide. Cost $1.07 or so. Get 2. The pedal will snap with use when you become more proficient. Google for a pic and notice where it snaps. Get machine screws and bolt down the pedal to reinforce it. Use Loctite when you do so. Its a mod you must do unless they fixed their flimsy design. I snapped my pedal and fixed it like the above. Works great now.		The guitar fails too where you strum. Mine did not yet. My friends did.		In terms of s/w pgming, it has has "Practice mode". However this mode does not score you. So you cant see your failure point clearly. Notice I said "clearly".  If you find yourself failing on an exact spot, you'll see the screen going red before your applause/success bar plummets. There is no such metering in practice. Would be nice to have.		Inspite of these, it is a splendid game. IF YOU LOVE music. Particularly, if you like to drum / sing / air guitar, with a captive audience by will/force. Or if you're a professional bathroom singer. Then you'll love it.		Single player is fun. Replay value does exist if you like to play music. But multi-player is a hoot and where its at.		Go ahead and buy it if you love music and particularly, ANY of the supplied musical instruments.
0,Does just what it states, great game!
0,If your a Dynasty or Samurai Warriors fan then just go buy it you know your going to. If you played the console version you should be pleasantly surprised with how well the PSP version stacks up against its big brother. The Cinematic scenes are straight from the console version, whereas the shorter pre and in-game cinemas have been cut down to Comic-Book-Style intros with Dialog balloons.		The sound is very good, straight from the console with one exception. The in-game dialog has been mostly replaced with text. The only in-game dialog is after you defeat an enemy officer or during certain charge attacks you still get a character specific quote. The Soundtrack once again is your traditional Dynasty Warriors music; Techno and Rock with some asian influences , which I like but does get a little repetitive after you've heard it a few dozen times.		Graphics I'd say are really good for the PSP. Not the best, but still impressive. The backgrounds in a some of the areas are a little boring but the main focus is the characters. The characters look really good, the only thing I noticed and didn't like is that there are no flowing fabric affects and by that I mean like moving capes, scarves and whatnot. Characters that do have capes(Nobunaga)or anything like that have a flat 2-dimensional peice of cardboard stapled to their back. Not noticiable during action, but sticks out when your just running around.		Gameplay is exactly what you'd expect if you've played the console version. The entire battlefield is available for you to run around; not like previous PSP warriors titles, where your movements were restricted quite a bit. Also plenty of enemies on screen to fight, I thought the PSP was going to be more limited especially with the whole battlefield now available. One thing I noticed is there is slowdown when your fighting a large amount of people; not all the time but when you perform an attack that affects all the characters on the screen it slows down a little bit. but only for the duration of the attack. Also some characters(Diao Chan, Kunoichi, etc) possess moves that the camera angle changes during the move and that seems to slow the game down, but once again only during the move so only for a fraction of a second. But in general almost no lag or slowdown.		Overall I really liked this game, I haven't finished it yet so I'll edit this if anything noteworthy comes up. But so far this makes me wish they did this with Samurai Warriors 2, Gundam, or Dynasty Warriors 6; Those games having my favorite overall combo/special move systems. But Orochi still has an excellent team mechanic that changes the sometimes stale Dynasty Warriors formula. Definitely buy this if you like this series of games, If your not a fan than I'd say give it a try since theres not a ton of awesome games for the PSP, or games that let you roam such a large battle field.
0,For this review, I am going to section it out and talk about each piece that comes with the Limited Edition, that way you can get a good feel for each piece that you get.		The game: It is an absolutely stunning setting that you are immediately dropped into. They really captured the look & feel of what it must of been like in the Colonies at the time. From the comments the citizenry make towards you, the attitudes of the soldiers instantly capture your imagination. The scenery is meticulously detailed. Ubisoft really went all out by looking at maps of the locations from the time period and built the world around them and brought them to life.		The enemy AI is very good, but not excellent...There will be times you wonder why they didn't see you, while others you will wonder how they saw you...overall however, it is very good and above standard compared to other games that are currently out. The combat system is very fluid & not sluggish and the controls in general are very easy to learn & use.		Buckle: Very well polished & sturdy...I was glad to see how solid it was and that it wasn't just a piece of tin. On the face, it is the design of the Assasin's Creed logo with III to signify the installment. Overall a very solid addition to the Limited Edition. My only wonder is how exactly it relates to the game itself...It really feels as though it was "tossed in".		American Flag: One of the highlights of the limited edition really. When I saw this was in the limited edition, I really didn't know what to think as to what the quality of it would be. When I got it in hand however, I was very impressed. The stitching is very high quality and I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the fabric. It is a very beautiful rendition of the flag and I like how they included the crest of Assassin's Creed in the middle of the 13 stars. It really captured the heritage of the flag, while incorporating the Assassin's Creed theme. It measures 24" x 48".		Washington's Journal: Very meticulously done. The pages & cover look aged as if they had just been discovered and opened for the first time in over 200 years. One of the best parts of this limited edition for sure. It really is one of those things that show the developers (Ubisoft) really tried to capture the era.		Connor Statue: The main addition to the limited edition. The statue of Connor (designed by Alex Ross) is absolutely amazing. It comes with weaponry for you to arm Connor while he stands poised on a cliff top with an American Flag waving behind him. Absolutely superbly done. Whether you are an American or not, you can truly feel the patriotic energy from it. It measures 9.44" tall.		I can't believe I almost passed up on this and was very glad that I did not. I could not recommend this more. Very powerful limited edition. A lot of games really leave you feeling with a feeling of being jipped , but with this, you definitely are left feeling that you got a piece of history, along with a great game.
0,Wow, they made a great choice to include a single player mode. I thoroughly enjoyed the story. Titanfall 1 was pretty good, but the lack of single player mode made it incredibly short lived.		Pros	-decent graphics	- decent voice acting	- story was pretty interesting	- the titan AI for BT was awesome. He turned out to be a pretty funny	- gameplay was great by having the ability to switch weapons load out on the fly for your titan		Cons	- the story was really short		Other than that, I actually enjoyed it very well. I got the game for under $20, and I think it was really worth it.
0,this game was a very nice change from the normal run n gun of Call of Duty and Battlefield. In this game, you try to take on an army alone, you will not make it like you can in COD.		gameplay, I give this a 8/10. the missions are fun and to the point. clear this village, provide support, cover alpha team, etc. the issue I have, is that the mission starts with you in a jeep or helicopter, being told about the mission at hand, and ends with you getting back into the jeep or helicopter. There aren't any good cut scenes to add drama or anything to it, but it is still super fun to carry out the missions.		graphics - graphics in this game are pretty good. the landscape is pretty much just mountains and sand, but the buildings look good.		this game is definitely worth picking up. I'd say 20-25 $ would be worth it. more on the side of < $20 though because it is an older game.
0,Thank  you
0,I am 16% into this game after hours and hours of play. San Francisco is big, beautiful, and feels very alive. I passed on the first Watchdogs, but after reading a few reviews I was really curious. The characters are likeable, I dig the Deadsec aesthetics, the story is good enough, and the tools & skills available create a myriad of options when it comes to tactics. I LOVE the RC and the drone - save up and buy the drone ASAP! Watchdogs 2 offers non lethal options for dispatching enemies which is refreshing after playing lots of GTA V. The game runs well enough on the PS4 but I've noticed some frame juttering and what looks like screen tearing on occasion when roaming around the huge populated environment. Watchdogs 2 is "enhanced" for the PS4 Pro and I'm guessing this might be the new normal - you'll need a PS4 Pro to get the best experience on massive open world games like this (or buy the PC version and have top tier hardware).		I do have some gripes/suggestions (if anyone from UBI happens to cruise amazon reviews):	- The driving in 3rd person feels a bit off. Not terrible, but not always good. Driving in the GTA series feels natural or just more real. Here it feels like an arcade game and the camera is to slow to adjust around sharp turns. I've found driving in 1st person is a much better experience.	- Enemy AI is aggressive and predictable. When you get discovered they swarm on Marcus immediately, but if you evade and hide they give up and go back to patrolling. I wish it was more in the middle - smarter enemies with less emphasis on the dog pile/swarm tactics.	- The tone of the main Deadsec crew and Marcus is pretty upbeat and even optimistic. That tone contrasts with the more violent options in the game. I enjoy tearing things up in GTA. That's due to GTA's characters being genuinely bad dudes and the world they inhabit being a cynical reflection of our reality. I'd love to have seen more consequence applied to the choices made in Watchdogs 2 - like in the Dishonored franchise. If you take a violent path the city reacts and becomes more chaotic with a darker conclusion. If you favor stealth and non lethal engagement the world is less violent and the  resolution is more hopeful. Guns in this game are acquired via 3D printing. Maybe give some choice here between lethal and non-lethal. Like a sniper rifle that shoots tranq darts, a shotgun that shoots bean bags, or even something wacky like a net or foam cannon. The characters are young hackers fighting for the people. Once you give them guns and they start killing people that makes them domestic terrorists waging an insurgency. I'm pretty sure that would affect Deadsec's follower numbers and public perception.	- The PS4 controller has a touchpad. I can't believe this wasn't put to better use. Every time I use Marcus's phone I think about how natural it would have been to use the touchpad to interact with his smartphone. Feels like a missed opportunity.		Anyways I'm really enjoying my time in Watchdogs 2's San Fran. Exploring, hacking, and playing with those wonderful toys!
0,I really liked Hitman 2 (PS2), so i decided to check out "Contracts".  They definitely made a lot of improvements in the gameplay.  There's more freedom and more attack options.  Also the realism and detail is noticably better.  My only complaint is that some of the levels are pretty lame.  Infact, 2 of them are nearly identicle.  However, there are still a few really awesome levels.  "The Meat King's Party" is a good example of a decent one....you pretty much ambush this drug party with all these people strung out on Opium...pretty cool.  So if you're into shooters and esspecially if you liked Hitman 2, check out "Contracts".
0,This controller steals the spotlight	It may be my imagination but I think it even turns on faster than the black ones that came with my PS3, and the battery runs out faster, but as I said, it may be me imagining things.
0,First off anybody giving a negative review because this is a GFWL title is being ridiculous.  If you are any kind of gamer, you would have played at least one of the other GFWL titles.  Anyway, no troubles during install, Amazon provides a quick and easy to install game.		On to the game, Bioshock 2 plays very similar to the first.  I played on the hard setting and found it to be a good challenge.  Early on I tried to just run and gun, and met with disappointment.  Ammo is scarce early on, so accuracy, planning, and proper use of plasmids is vitally important.  I beat the campaign in about 17-18 hours, taking time to explore Raptures labryinth-like tunnels, searching for ammo and gene tonics.  Let me tell you, this game was a very pleasant surprise in the era of the 5 hour single player campaign.		The story is an interesting twist on the original Bioshock, you play as a Delta Big Daddy, brought back from death to save your daughter from her delusional mother, and the new leader of Rapture, Sophia Lamb.  The game offers at least 6 different endings, all determined by some pivotal choices (basically whether to show mercy and forgiveness, or greed and vengeance).  I, as always, made the "good" choices, and was very satisfied with the ending.  I checked youtube to see the other possible endings and must say, I chose the best one, IMO.		Anyway, graphics are great, gameplay is tight and challenging, story is well written and told, and carries an emotional depth that is rare in games of today.  I would give this game 9 stars out of ten, but on a 5 point scale, it's an easy 5.
0,This game is a masterpiece. Even after all these years it still plays well. If you are a fan of pre-EA era Bioware, this is the definitive game to get.
0,This is a fantastic addition to The Sims and Livin Large!  Now you can have a REAL party!  The new party objects are awesome!  You can have themed parties and use the costume box to dressup everyone at your party.  There are just so many new neat things to do!  It's amazing how far 'The Sims' have come since the original.  I can't wait for the new expansion pack 'Hot Date' to come out in the fall.  That should be *really* cool!
0,Kids Love It
0,I have Fire Emblem and I have beaten it. I have to say that Nintendo has really outdone themselves. Don't pay attention to the people who say the game has bad graphic's because their basing the game on its battlefield graphic's. Yes your people do not look very good on the battlefield but it's not that awful if your used to it. But when you attack or they have the cutscenes they show the games true graphic potential. They go from crappy(excuse my dialouge)little odd characters to awesome 2d anime characters. And to me those are the only graphic's that matter on the game. The story is nothing new. The first main character Lyn has to find her missing father. But Lyn's chapter is only a tiny starter. The person who really matters is Eliwood. And yes he actually is Roy's father. The battling is like rock,paper,scissors but that dosent make the game seem stupid. If you don't like strategy games then just stop even thinking about buying this game. You have to use your mind more then your finger's. There are 35 character character classes. Im about to list all 35 classes. I'll list them from what they start out as to what they become. Knight-general,myrmidon-swordmaster,merceanery-hero,cavalier-palidin,nomad-nomadictrooper,troubader-valkyrie,peaguses knight-falcon knight,wyvern rider-wyvern lord,axefighter-warrior,archer-sniper,mage-sage,shaman-driud,monk-bishop,thief-assasin,and pirate-berserker. And now this is what I consider to be the ultimate classes. Sage-arcsage,druid-dark druid,lord(Lyn)-blademaster,lord(Eliwood)-great knight,and lord(Hector)-greatlord. Speaking of Hector you get to do his story mode after you beat the game. But sadly you only get one different level and the story is only changed a little since his mission is the exact same as Eliwood's. It is really sad when you loose characters because when someone die's they die. Why,because the game save's after every single movement. So if someone die's reseting your GBA will only let you watch them die again. And if a lord die's it's automatic gameover. As for the music it change's through out cutscenes and cutscenes only. Battlefield music is Always the same. They do enable link battles but it's not to special. The game really could have gotten a "T" rating for the huge amount of violence. And I promise your characters will constantly be dying. So in conclusion all I can say is...WHY ARE YOU STILL LISTENING TO ME BUY THIS GAME.Oh and one more thing. You can get about 20 party members. BYE!!!
0,This game is awesome. You are Alex Mercer: Total Bad ass. The biggest pull of this game was also its biggest problem. My beef with this game, is the over-hyping of your character. You get all these ultra-mega destroyer forms, weapons and combos, and yet, the military can take you out in a jiffy. Everything about this game tells you about how super powerful you are, but when it's go time, it makes sure to put you in your place if you're feeling to high and mighty. I found it to be difficult, the story bores me, but the game play is fantastic. I might just be masochistic, but I can't put this game down. It's great, but it sure knows how to take me down a notch. Take my word, don't play it on Hard.
0,If you like the brick breaking blockout type game genre, you will love this game. The touchscreen brings to the game the ease of moving the paddle that you've always wanted. The different types of games involved branch out from the basic genre of 1-paddle in a fixed line into sometimes multiple paddles, being able to LEAVE the paddle and just bust things yourself, 3-d movement, and much more. I only give this 4 stars because you NEED to like this genre to like this game, but if you've ever spent way too much time breaking bricks with little bouncey balls, this is TOTALLY your game!
0,I like the the traditional Final Fantasy battle system and love the sound track. The story is really nice but the reason for four stars is because the second half of the game gets extremely repetitive. It's ridiculous and made me want to shove the stylus into the screen every time I was on the menu (you'll see what I mean when you play it). Overall a really decent game but they made it unnecessarily time consuming, and not in the good way.
0,I ordered this battery in case my Gameboy Advance SP wouldn't work with it's original battery. The original battery does work so now I have this extra battery and it works great although I think it does not last as long as the original one. I opened the battery and let it charge before playing, I think it did not last as long, but it works and a screwdriver came in the package which is another reason why I ordered it. I would say this is a great buy and a plaus with the small screwdriver for your GBA SP.
0,I am an always PS3 Games buyer this used games it's nice and beautiful , i have many costumers buying this game from me	i sold it all i just wish they do discount for customers like me
0,Worked well for me
0,This is a real driving game. to test cars speed and upgrade them with turbos and other parts to make a car faster. not to "pimp out" a car. This is for winning the races and buying the best car for the money you start with. This is no Midnight club la. but still the best racer we have seen. Ive been a fan from the 2nd one on playstation one!
0,love it
0,Great set, I love you USB cable this comes with. Long and indicates when the gamepad is charging/charged.
0,The item was new in package and worked with my boys' new Skylanders Supercharges Game they Received for Xmas. My boys have owned all of the skylander games and end up with a number of the characters. The characters are well built and detailed.
0,even though it is old and we have the other ones - my six year old still loves it
0,Excellent "clone" controller. works just as described . Excellent for the price. highly recommend
0,Awesome is the best and only way to describe this game. I love the details and action but most of all the detail in blowing up buildings. AWESOME
0,GOOD PRODUCT
0,Never saw this guy in stores. A LOT larger than I expected. Fun.
0,ok
0,Takes some getting used to plugging it in. Works well though. I like how it charges using the bottom ports that no one uses anyways.
0,Love it
0,Playing and charging the only way to go
0,Well...Where to begin.  This game is excellent.  That's basically all I need to say.  It's main game has a nice plot, your a scientist whose expieriment went wrong and you must do some stuff...AND SHOOT STUFF ALONG THE WAY!!!  Most enemies are Smart, and tactically try to kill you, and the "Puzzles" are fun too.  Plus, Deathmatch is fun, and all the "mods" by other people make the game infinately replayable.	If you like First Person Shooters/action games at all, you simply must try this.
0,Excellent figure
0,I don't buy things that I don't like or love!
0,I bought this for the family as soon as we all started getting bored with the Wii Fit. This disk is just as good & makes the game/workout fun again. I highly recommend it.
0,Yes, I am going to be that guy to say it. The Division for me does what Star Wars Battlefront and Destiny couldn't do.  I will even go as far as saying that if Star Wars Battlefront had anywhere near as good of a single player experience as The Division right now, I may not have picked this game up in the first place. Now, mind you, The Divisions story isn't great but the single player experience is good thus far for this to be an online shooter.		The story is simple and yet scary.  A mystery group of people tainted some money with a super virus and unleashed it on New York on Black Friday. The virus shut down the city and much of the US as a whole in less than a month. New York becomes an every human for themselves environment and its up to you and your clandestine group known as The Division to not only restore order but to find out who is behind the virus and fight 3 rival factions looking to take over.  Thats good enough to get you into the game and the insane part is the feeling that something like this could happen.  The games story mode does an excellent job keeping you updated on the situation as well as directing you areas where help is needed. Whether you are freeing hostages, salvaging medical supplies or bringing in a bounty hunter, you always feel like whatever you are doing progresses the game.		Some of you have gotten this far and may be wondering what makes this a great single player game beyond what Destiny has to offer.  For me, its the idea that with the exception of a few hubs you hit that you may share with other players, your player world during the campaign is instanced. Once you decide to take on a mission in the PVE environment, its you vs the mean streets of NYC and its not to be taken lightly. You will not have other players in your game taking you out of the immersion that its you alone or with your fire team.  As far as game settings, you can opt to have a completely closed affair giving it a solo experience, somewhat open to allow only your friends to enter or totally opened to allow anyone to drop in and drop out of your game. The best part is that the game will ramp your difficulty up or down depending on who is playing and their skill level.  One thing that I have noticed so far is that while there are some areas that you may or may not get through without a little extra help from a companion, thus far the missions haven't proved to be overwhelming like Destiny.  One of the issues I had with Destiny is that early on, no matter how well-leveled you were, there were some missions especially main missions, that you just weren't going to complete unless you had 2 or more people to help and again, if you are of my targeted reading audience, sometimes our friends aren't always on to play and some of us aren't crazy about having random strangers to drop in. So far, I may have run two missions where I may have gotten in over my head but I wasn't frustrated but hopeful. Eventually when one of my friends jumped in, we managed to tackle two such side missions with little problem and a lot of fun. So far, every main objective played at my level so that I didn't feel frustrated in making multiple attempts to complete it.		One of the aspects that makes co-op play with a friend optimal is that as long as you have a working headset, its much easier to coordinate your attacks. Even early on, the enemy AI isn't just going to roll over and die for you. They will flank you, the will rush you, they will use hit and fade tactics that makes players have a need for patience in taking them down.  Sorry Call of Duty players, this is not a run and gun game.  This is a game where you need to watch what your enemy is plotting and attack accordingly as well as pay attention to your surroundings. My friend and I had several instances where we finished a side mission or was just exploring and we walked right into hot spots and after the second or third time, we knew not to take completed areas for granted. One thing that makes this game a little more realistic is that unlike Destiny, enemies are not readily marked off. Unless you have the early perk allowing you to do so, when you see a crowd of NPCs, its best to ping that area to pick out enemy AI.		Graphically speaking, the game so far is beautiful. I would really love to call in some of my friends from New York to see how accurately some of the areas stack up in this game with its real life counterpart. One of the most impressive portions about the graphics is the dynamic light as the game does have a day/night cycle and dynamic weather. I have been treated to missions where its been bright as day and as the day wore on it would get gray and then a fog set in.  One of those times that happened, I got into a bit of a long range gun fight which took a little bit longer due to the fog.		Did I mention anything about the loot? If anything that compares to Destiny its the fact that in the course of playing, there is always the chance of finding items to use, sell or mod. With any game of this type, the dangling carrot is the idea that the more you play, the more stuff you may find and as you pick up new gear, you can increase your health, find better weapons and so on.  Better yet, once you establish a base of operations, you can really do some serious modding of items as long as you meet the prerequisites first. I am not going to spend a lot of time talking about the loot system suffice to say, its similar to any other game that you have played; certain colored loot gives better abilities and so on.		As far as the controls are concerned, so far on the Xbox One, they feel ok for a standard third person shooter. My only concern right now is the cover system which feels like its from the early Gears of Wars games.  Sometimes, it can act a bit funky getting in and out of cover as there are times I came out of cover when I didn't want to and occasionally got stuck to walls as well. The cover shooting mechanics work well enough and players will learn early enough don't stay in one place too long.  In fact, sometimes shooting and moving works best as occasionally the AI will lose track and head to the least place you were. Another aspect in shooting is that you can suppress an enemy and which they are hiding, take advantage of cover to flank them and finish them.		So, are there any bad points to this game? So far a few and its mostly been on the server side.  First of all, anyone getting this game has to remember that its an online only game. If the server goes down, you are not playing, plain and simple. I do have to give kudos in the fact in the long line of online games that released on day one, The Division by far, had the fewest issues of being able to pick up and play without crowded servers or any other hassles that have plagued the likes of Diablo III, Star Wars Battlefront, Evolve or another other online game on day one release. The only other hiccup I have had happen have been a few times, the games have frozen mid-fight and when it unfreezes, the enemies have reappeared in another location and you are taking damage.  Also, my friend and I did have an issue when he dropped into my  game we had to work out the party chat issue so we could hear each other.		Another nitpick I have is that the environments aren't more destructible.  I think it would mean so much more if I chucked a grenade at someone who is behind a car and have the satisfaction of seeing the car blow up along with my enemy. Another issue is that there are no one shot, one kills in this game.  I could understand enemies being bullet sponges in Destiny, but in some ways on a game like this, its a bit disconcerting butits an RPG after all and this game plays stronger to the side of Mass Effect than it does to conventional shooters.  You do get credits for headshots but its disappointing getting one and seeing your enemy returning fire.		Before I wrap up, just a bit about multiplayer.		Outside of server issues I had yesterday, my and a few of my friends actually managed to make time to team up and play.  It's just as fun to play  as single player.  To be honest, playing with friends does tend to cut down on the grind as you try to reach higher levels.  If you and your friends have headphones, use them as you will need to coordinate fire from multiple directions.  As much as this game is fun for single players, it doesn't hurt to have at minimum one more person joining your team.  We did eventually try to tackle the dark zone but opted quickly to wait until our levels were higher to go in.
0,I love WWII games so I thought I'd give this a try, especially because it touts as "tactical" game where I act a squad leader. And have to direct the AIs personally. So, knowing that, I was ready for a little bit of learning curve in the beginning to adjust from CoD-like FPS games where I don't have to concern myself with the AIs actions. This tactical approach turned out to be great fun once I've gone through the in-game training process. I find it a refreshing challenge and truly enjoyable to have to more deliberately moving through each objective and to care for my squad's well-being. This makes the game fun to come back to time after time - to figure out better ways to maneuver and attack, find different attack routes etc.		As some other reviews have said, the graphics are not the best comparing to some of other games. But it's by no means low quality. It's quite good actually. The way it lays out the Situation Awareness mode and other enemy/team indicators is very clear and easy to understand. I also like the weapon sets the game provides even if it's somewhat limited. I often just use 2 to 4 different weapons throughout the entire game. So variety is not great, if you enjoy cycling through many different arms. The weapons do have an authentic feel to them when you use them.		The control layout is adjustable. I managed to set it to as similar to the other games I'm used to.		The one annoying point is how long the story narration sometimes take between chapters. The narrations felt a bit sappy for my taste. And reloading checkpoints/chapters also take a bit longer than I'd like.
0,I wanted to wait before I said anything about this controller because of all the bad reviews. So I waited unil after having mine for a week. I have to tap A a few more times then I should, but other then that I didn't encounter the problems others seemed to have.		I've been using the controller to play Zelda games and it's been working great for me. Another positive was I didn't have to pay a lot for this and since my Wii is backwards compatible I needed a controller to play the gamecube game on it.		Therefor I am very pleased with this product myself and maybe the others just got bad orders.
0,Not a bad game.  I only just learned about the game after seeing the main character, Neku, in Kingdom Hearts 3D Dream Drop Distance and decided that this game is going to part of my bucket list, which hopefully I have a long time to finish.  I would have bought this on my phone, but for the cost, I said that "I might as well buy the DS version and play it on my 3DS."  First of all, this is one of those games on DS that requires you to learn a "different" control scheme than other gamers maybe used to.  Looking back, I wasn't really surprised about it, since a lot of developers had some strange way of controlling the playable characters, but here, you control two characters on different screens.  You control Neku by the means of the touch screen, and you control the other character by using the d-pad, or the Circle Pad if you're playing on the 3DS.  I didn't find the battle system hard to learn, but sometimes, some actions don't register, such as the power of the Pyrokinesis pin you get early in the game.  I also think that, story-wise, it's interesting, but I haven't got far into the game to talk about specifics.  Graphics-wise, the animation looks great, even on the 3DS, and I like the presentation of the game overall.  Other than that, I think that this is a good game to have in a DS collection, and it's surprising that I never heard about it until Neku's appearance in Kingdom Hearts.
0,great except ups sent my game to the wrong place and it took forever to get it but that was not the sellers fault.  Game is in great shape and I love it.
0,Wow.		No, seriously.  If I had to sum up this truly magnificent, mind-boggling game in one word, it would have to be WOW!!!		I love this game.  I waited over five years for this thing to come out, right after the finale to the first game when I stared at the screen after taking the G-man's offer and literally said, "Now what?"		And right from the very beginning, I knew the answer.  More of the same spectacular action and immersive storyline.  And who says that's a bad thing, eh?		The graphics are literally a work of art.  The characters are so lifelike, so tellingly emotive, that I instantly felt right at home with Barney, Alyx, Kleiner, and Eli.  I hated Dr. Breen on sight with his sanctimonious apologist stance, trying to pass off the Combine occupation and its hideous abuses as somehow being a good thing.  And when Dog, the two-ton titanium pit bull with the mind of a puppy, started throwing down against Combine troops and APCs, I was laughing and cheering him on the whole time.		The feel of the whole game is more varied than the first time around.  Whenever I try to describe the original, I always say it's a cross between Aliens and Die Hard.		This time, it's a lot more complex.  I was reminded of those two movies as well as as The Matrix, Starship Troopers, 1984, Night of the Living Dead, The Road Warrior, Total Recall, even Star Wars!  How many games can you say THAT about?		The weapons in your arsenal are just as varied this time around, but with one crucial difference; you can't carry as much ammo for them, which adds a nearly frantic intensity to dogfights.  It also makes you choose your weapon of choice more carefully: Should you go with the SMG, with its more generous bullet count but lowered damage?  Or do you go with the .357 Magnum, which offers one-shot kills but holds very little ammo?  Or the Pulse Rifle, which occupies the middle ground between them?		The enemies?  You're going to enjoy taking them down, no matter who or what they are.  The Combine troops, mechs, vehicles, and synths make up most of the rogues' gallery, but they're so varied in approach, they never feel repetitive.  The synths are a bizarre mixture of machine and living being, and can take mountains of punishment before they go down.  The troops are eerie, humanoid aliens who use recognizable human tactics, so you don't know where the human ends and the alien begins.  And the headcrabs?  Yeah, they're back, but by introducing two new variations -- as well as two new kinds of headcrab zombies -- Valve's actually made the little pests into a serious threat.		The story?  Top notch.  I haven't read any of Marc Laidlaw's books, but between the two games, I'm seriously tempted to pick one up.		The ending?  Other people might complain, but not me.  I'm not going to give it away, but if you turn out to be one of them, take comfort in this:  Valve is working on an expansion pack for it, called AFTERMATH, which is said to pick up right after the end.		You know that's where I'll be.
0,I needed something to protect my WII board and this works fabulously and it has good grip with my shoes when I use it.
0,I love it ^_^
0,Although I do not own/intend to own this, let me clear some things up to those who are confused.	Most computer controllers like this you see, guess what they are?Keyboards.	Also to further inform, you can use any controller on any device, not just a computer.	I've connected a wiimote to an ipod/ps3 before years ago and they functioned 100%. xbox controllers are embedded into windows.	Dear god I connected a dualshock to android years ago too. :/
0,Much better than the first with better game mechanics and reasons to wear alternate suits.	Your choices on if you help others out now effects how the police and security forces veiw you. It has a good story that is different from the movie with interesting characters and villains. Definitely fun for Spider-Man fans.
0,Article I get well I am very satisfied with the purchase came quick and in good condition I am happy with what I bought
0,Three months after the terrible Raccoon City incident, Claire Redfield is now working as a secret agent whom is trying to destroy everything of the Umbrella corporation including trying to find her brother Chris. While in Paris trying to sneek in the Umbrella labs in Paris she got arrested then sent to a prison island in South America, however the T-virus has broken out on the island bringing the dead back to life and letting loose other mutations. Claire escapes from her cell as she joins up with a boy named Steve as together they battle against the undead and other weird mutations for they must escape the island together and head to the Arctic to find Chris especially a hidden Umbrella lab over there.		An exciting and sometimes challenging installment of the franchise! here you play as Claire then her brother Chris in this game. The graphics are very impressive with the 3D Polygraph look with realism even to the enviroments, new weapons including some old ones, cool monsters and more zombies as well. This game does require brains even to beat the Tyrant in the first half of the game but here's a small hint: save up fire arrows until the last part of the first half where you have to kill him. The gameplay can be tricky but you can get use to it, and of course it's scary as hell. This is one 2-Disc set that is bound to get RE fans hooked, of course it may be kind of difficult for some but figuring stuff out will help you.		I highly recommend this game!
0,I can feel Gaben when I use this...or at least I could till the bluetooth adapter broke >.>
0,The same as the North American version and for less money. Works great and has excellent battery life.
0,grandkids say its the best shooter game they have played
0,the classic pro lets you play game pad required games for your wii. just attach the pad to your wii remote like the nunchuks and have fun ;)
0,I just finished playing Pokemon Gold and went straight to this one.  I think I loved it even more than Gold.  It got new updated graphics and new Pokemon that I really liked.  I think the difficulty balance was good and the Elite Four in this game really stepped it up, I felt like they were so hard that I had to grind like crazy to finally beat them.  My only complaint is I feel they added a lot of things that I really don't care about like the little talent shows or whatever they were, fortunately I could skip right past them.  All in all, great game and I would highly recommend it!
0,Weird because of the spinning DWM.  Instead of gaining experience the usual way, this gauge spins and you gain SP which can be used in various ways.  The DWM also levels your materia, it also provides special attacks, summons, limit breaks, and more.  My beef with it is that it has a more 'random' approach that I do not like.  Despite being an action RPG, I like having some control over things.  You do get to set up your main attacks, which is nice, but you really can't initiate your special moves.  I can't tell you how many times I got fed up with watching the animation for Octoslash when the enemy was one normal hit away from death...		That was my big negative.  The rest is positive.  Except that I am not overly enthusiastic about some of the story elements.  There is a lot of melodrama.  It's like watching a soap opera when Angeal, Genesis, Zack, and Sephiroth are all in a scene together (or when at least two of them are in a scene together).  But the overall story is complex and well played out. I especially enjoyed seeing some of the characters that appear in FF7 making brief (or more important) appearances.		Some of the characters are rather one dimensional, mostly those that don't appear in FF7.  If you have played 7, then you kind of know what is in store.  You really know who is going to make it into the next game and who is going to 'ahem' kick off.  But knowing that, I still enjoyed the game.  There were some poignant moments, like where Zack fell into the church in the slums... I was thinking... so that's why Aeris was instantly attracted to Cloud!  (And they call her Aerith, for the record, despite it sounding rather odd... like Bar'th'elona, Spain).		Voice acting is generally very good.  I am impressed for this being an English dub.  There is a lot of voiced dialogue too.  Cut scenes are good, but generally filler.  Some of the regular scenes have great interactions and wonderful graphics, so the cut scenes are not adding THAT much more to the game.  There are a few that are more interesting, like the holographic fight on the Junon cannon.		Gameplay is rather ordinary.  The fighting gets a little old after awhile.  New enemies make appearances, and difficulty really only amps up on boss fights or when you are facing multiple tough enemies.  The more difficult battles are in the optional missions.  Basically you just accept a mission well below the recommended level (it will say Hard or Very Hard) and you are in for a nice challenge.		Equipment is limited in application though not in variety.  The materia system is good, but improves when you can fuse materia.  And there are optional missions where you can look for more items, materia, and equipment.  These pay off with leveling as well.		Though the leveling system is weird, you do level more often with tougher enemies.  I don't know the exact formula, but it has to do with attacking, dodging, and your overall SP compared to the level of the enemy.  But again, it's not an exact science.		For action RPG fans, especially those who enjoy the Kingdom Hearts style of battle system, this is a fun and exciting game.  I liked the prequel story, but wish it was a little more like the interface of FF7, especially when leveling up is actually important and stats actually make a difference in battle.  The random seeming factor of special attacks, leveling, and materia leveling is a detracting factor, but not enough to really take much from the game itself.  A solid PSP title, worthy of five stars if it didn't say Final Fantasy in the title.  I admit it.  I expected a little more polish.
0,Great espionage action
0,I have been waiting quite some time for these to be bundled together at a good price. It's still a bit high right now, but it's a good start. A much more sensible bundle than when they bundled it with Black and White.		Friends of mine swear that these games are massively better than all the games in related genres like the Warcraft games. They play them online all weekend long and I have yet to see one crash which is a rare thing itself in the games world these days.		I like it so much I am going to post a link on some chat pages so people can purchase it via our affiliate program for The Realms of Legend castle project. I'd post it here but I don't think you are allowed to.
0,I had so much fun playing this game. I laughed so hard. I can't drive in real life (I can but, my friends all tease me) what made me think I could play this game...
0,good
0,Great product fast shipping!
0,awesome. looks nice..easy to get used to the switched control buttons.
0,good
0,Good product, did it's job. Recommended
0,Just what you want and expect from a lego game mixed with star wars goodness. The last several lego games on the vita have been great and this one is no exception.
0,I think Pokmon x is one of the best pokemon games of all time. Also this game can still be very fun even if you are a beginner or an expert!
0,great condition. works very well. no scratches. no damage. worth every penny. very happy with this buy. highly recommended. .
0,Didn't fit in my "new Nintendo 3ds" but they are fun to play with! I still use them I just keep them in my bag rather than the slot intended.
0,Excelent
0,been using these great controllers for years a best buy.
0,Controller is excellent
0,Love the feel of this, make the Vita feel a lot.."A LOT" more comfy and natural. I don't have huge hands but when trying to use the Vita, its not very comfy and natural feeling.
0,No Surprises.
0,A+
0,such a great game! nothing else. when Activision is going to create a game with Iraq invasion from USA and the many remarkable mistakes from G. W. Bush!
0,5 years has this console with me , and let me tell the kasper chip is the best ever made they're no longer made but if you get one grab it  no regrets whatsoever.
0,Game isn't that great. But if you are buying the game at this point, you are getting it for homebrew purposes, which it does fantastically well. Highly recommend if you want to open the gateway to running homebrew applications.
0,First, a HUGE plus to me: This is an actual Sony product. It's fairly heavy (for its size) and very sturdy. It SEEMS to charge either quicker or more thoroughly than other third-party chargers I've had (PDP, Energizer)  I don't have any physical stats on that, but it seems like the charges are done quicker and they seem to last longer than before. (And, it's not like these batteries get better with age. So, SOMETHING has changed....)		Con - It is not overly intuitive to put the controller on the charger. It does have a learning curve, but once you get it, you've got it. This APPEARS to be a Japanese power plug. (It should be; it's a Japanese-only product...) They are SLIGHTLY smaller than US plugs. I have a power converter for my many Japanese systems, so I'm good. But, you MIGHT want to delve into this issue a little deeper, as extended use in US plugs can, but not necessarily will, cause damage. (100v in Japan vs. 120v in US)		I'm thinking about buying another for my son's PS4 controllers and having the Energizer one go sleep with the fishes....
0,PROTIP: I originally bought the Wifi only version but returned it because I thought the screen was not bright at all on the brightest setting. This replacement unit I got is noticeably brighter- so if you're thinking yours isn't bright swap it out! It probably is not.		I love the Vita, in fact I had a PSP which I let go a few years back because I was not using it. I immensely regretting trading it in because I absolutely love locoroco (a must have game if you ask me!). The PS Vita doesn't fail to impress. The game library may be a little thin now, but the thin PS Vita game library is supplemented by a huge PSP, PS Classic library.		The battery life could be great, but 3-5 is okay. If you're going on a trip make sure to bring a battery charger with you.		I personally am never going to use the cellular data feature. I have a smartphone with tethering plan, so I can just tether it to that. Then I can get 4G LTE and play multiplayer games. The GPS is a nice touch, however.		The buttons are a little small, along with the thumbsticks. But I have big hands. They would be okay for average hands.		This unit is a steal- it includes a game and the device over the Wifi only version. There is no reason NOT to get this over the wifi version. But, a bit of warning. I would get the 16gb card at a minimum. This card will only hold this game and MAYBE another PS Vita game if it is small. It will definitely fit a PSP game though or a PS Classic title.		I initially had the 8GB card, but that will hold 2 games and MAYBE 3. Kind of annoying. The 16 will fit 5-6 games comfortably. But if you intend on buying all of your games through cards, then the 4GB card will do. 8 if you want to store music. Games can be found on the PSN Store at a small discount which is really nice since you save on packaging and material costs.		The graphics are mind blowing. When I was playing games I first thought the cutscenes were pre-rendered but they were not! It is amazing what mobile graphics can do. These chips are also on smartphones, but they can't be optimized because the hardware isn't standardized. The vita, however, can be. If you're worried about the lack of Vita titles, there should be a lot more A++ titles coming soon. The Vita TV may end up helping the platform, if that happens more games could be made for the Vita.		The Vita only supports 2.4GHz Wifi, unfortuantely no 5GHz support.		I see portable consoles serving a purpose: gaming on the go. That being said, if you're not always on the go traveling somewhere, I would not get a mobile gaming console at all. There's no point in gaming on a tiny screen for most of your time. However, if you are, the gaming experience here is very pleasant.
0,I think this is a great game and has pretty good graphics but I have not played baseball games before, so it has been a difficult few days for me. I am getting the hang of it. I mainly bought this game to use with the PS3-Move. I am gearing up to play against my father-in-law over christmas. Wish me luck.
0,Awesome...love it...came quickly as described...no problems,,, thanks a lot!!! I really enjoy the games along with my children and their friends.
0,Works perfectly with our Wii U. A lot cheaper than the Nintendo brand ones and they work just as well plus come in fun colors. Shipped timely and arrived exactly as described.
0,the kids loved it.
0,Application was very smooth and easy, but not sure if they're worth almost $10. I'll find out later how well they hold up.
0,cant wait for Christmas
0,The kids loved it!
0,Grandson Loves it.
0,I received a great product and I'm very happy.	I think I made a good buy, because I receive what I wanted. and time determined by the seller.		I am grateful and I hope to buy more from this seller.
0,This is a great fighting game and very fun overall, the only complaint is this is probaly the most violment video game I've ever played including lots and lots of blood and gore and nudity.
0,It was just like the picture and i use it a lot with no problem. Very happy with the balance board.
0,Missing: Since January is a cleverly conceived game. The designer, Lexis Numerique, has figured out a way to immerse players with story, in a way that other adventure games simply do not. The conceit is that the abducted couple's employer, SKL Network, has widely dispersed a CD-ROM from the abductor in an effort to hasten their return. Gameplay begins, then, when you insert the CD into your drive. It's up to you, of course, whether you will submit to this narrative device-but for its part, the game makes it very easy to do so. The CD itself is nested inside the story. Missing nests its full motion video within the story as well. Using video in an adventure game is a dicey matter. But here, the video is itself being provided to you, the player, by the killer himself. The video of Jack and Karen is multiply coded: it starts out as their documentary record of an investigation, the audience of which they think will be ordinary viewers back home. The video then passes to the hands of the killer who then presents it to you as a way of teasing you. Because of the killer's presence, the video takes on an eerie quality that would simply be lost without this multiple embedding. At the same time, Jack and Karen's documentary presentation, as they intended it to be, is oddly comforting.		About a month or so before Missing was released, The Adventure Company sent out an email (to folks signed up to receive them) that was in truth a promotion for the game, but presented itself as an announcement of the couple's abduction. The Adventure Company was attempting, in other words, to begin the immersion early, as a way of drumming up excitement and interest in the game. The subject line was "Missing," and the text of the email described Jack Lorski and Karen Gijman's capture, as well as asking for people's help. I don't know if the email garnered interest-I myself was vaguely impressed-but I do know that about 3 days later I got another email from The Adventure Company apologizing for the confusion and explaining clearly that the previous email was merely a promotion for the new game. Interest or not, more than just a few people apparently believed the email was real. This unfortunate incident is a testament to the game's immersive quality.		As many adventure gamers know, acting can absolutely make or break a game. In most adventure games, voice acting is the only component, but in Missing acting is especially critical, because you both see and hear the abducted couple. I suppose I have played enough games where even the voice acting was virtually intolerable; consequently, I imagine I have low expectations. But I am suitably impressed with the acting in Missing, whereas many reviewers have remarked that the acting is mostly just adequate if at moments hokey. What few reviewers have failed to mention is the back story of Jack and Karen's evolving love affair. What may appear hokey is in fact an attempt to develop the emotionality of this storyline. I for one liked it, and I did not feel that it was overdone. And the actors do a fine job of playing to the camera. After all, at any given time, the camera is looking at the person for whom the camera operator is growing to care. This camera work, with one notable exception (Karen and Jack appear together in one scene, so who is shooting the film?), is expertly conceived and directed. Actress Caroline Charlty establishes her relationship to the camera (which is in effect Jack's eye, always looking at her) very well. Actor Olivier Chenevat is a serious, focused Jack Lorski, and while he smiles only once through the whole game, I found his Jack to be remarkably sympathetic. When Karen (the camera) looks at him, he is quietly self-conscious. I enjoyed the romantic development; it gave depth to the embedded terror inherent in the killer's presentation of the video and consequently raised the tension a notch. If you like complicated stories in your games, Missing will work for you.		However, if you like consistently meaningful and well conceived puzzles, you may be a little disappointed. Other reviewers have rightly and adequately pointed to the problems with the puzzles in this game. The game pays homage to Pac Man and Space Invaders, and while I was alive and old enough to play both those games to death when they first came out, I didn't think much of their presentation here. The Space Invaders game is so annoying and meaninglessly difficult that I had a notion to send somebody an ugly email at The Adventure Company. The idea, it seems, with these puzzles is that they are generated by the mind of a psychotic, sinister, sadistic killer, and so the more tedious and meaningless they can at times be the better. This device just doesn't work. If you're a purist-you don't do walkthroughs-you will, even if you are an adroit puzzle solver, pixel hunter, and mouse maneuverer, be incredibly aggravated. I for one am not too proud to seek answers in such a cowardly way, and consequently I saved myself an enormous amount of frustration.		I just finished the game a short while ago, and as I write I am still receiving emails about the story development. No doubt, Missing invites a sequel, and I am fine with that. In spite of the astonishingly annoying puzzles and the admittedly anemic ending, I am completely occupied with the multiple storylines in this game. Very little narrative tension is resolved here, but that in itself is interesting and engaging. What works so amazingly well are the lessons learned from the reality and documentary genres. If the interactive element at times fails, and it does, the story nonetheless retains its integrity. I give Missing 4 stars for its creative concept, film/video production values, and its remarkable narrative. I can give it no more than 4 stars for its at times silly puzzles and unnecessary and ill-placed frustrations.
0,At first I was a bit reluctant to try this game (a friend of mine told me that in the last game, Harry often makes noises like he's constipated, and he does here too), but I really liked it when I recieved it as a Christmas gift. Pros: It takes the best parts of the book and movie for its storyline, it is challenging without being frustrating (I, the queen of impatience, have made it to the Chamber of Secrets without buying a hint book), the graphics are really good, and there are many fun subplots (like dueling and playing Quidditch-with Quidditch, remember that the up arrow doesn't make you go faster!!). Cons: Annoying frequency of the "loading game" screen, not being able to save your game at any time (as well as being able to have only six saved games at any time), and the fact that nothing from the DVD preview (some of which is also shown during installation) happens, like de-gnoming the Weasleys' garden (which I would have loved to doo!).	On the whole, this is really worth buying.
0,Oh happy days!  To have a wireless controller is way more fun than being stuck wired up.  So everyone is thrilled to have this!
0,This game is amazing! It has it all: great gameplay, great story, great acting, great sound, amazing environments, and best of all it has such a real feel to it. I found myself immersed in this game for hours and even days and not once feeling bored.
0,Let me start by saying that DSII is awesome but very hard, duh! If you disliked Dark Souls you most likely won't enjoy Dark Souls II since they are so similar, but if you did enjoy Dark Souls then you know what you're in for. DSII is familiar in a way DS vets will understand (controls, mechanics, UI mostly the same), with enough new material and variation to keep things fresh. The "Black Armore Edition" arrives in an awesome metal case and includes an audio CD of the game's music. You also get a few basic weapons to use in the early game and so far none of them are terribly amazing but at least it's something right?		A few great changes: you can warp from any bonfire to any other bonfire you've already discovered, basic fast-travel is fine and unlocked at the beginning of the game; secondly, DSII holds a solid 30fps at all times even when there are a dozen things happening on screen at once (remember how awful Blighttown was in Dark Souls?); thirdly, DSII has an updated game engine and visually it's an obvious step above DS, the lighting is especially enhanced and really makes for some fun exploring - especially when monsters come sneaking out of the shadows! You're also able to light torches at bonfires now which helps you explore extra dark areas, it's a very cool feature.		Souls `vets will find just as much difficulty as DS offered and new players may find the game a bit strenuous. Players who explore, persist, and learn from their deaths will find great reward in the new challenges DSII offers - especially those players who explore each nook and cranny in the world. The stakes have never been higher in DS, with each death your total life will be reduced, and while a rare human effigy will restore this, it makes each venture into the unknown a tad overwhelming (which is kinda the point, amirite?).		Multiplayer is monstrously improved this time, connections are smoother, and joining another player is much easier - the best part, if you summon another player you get an immediate response whether or not it was a success, thank goodness! It wasn't as hard for me to buddy up with a phantom in the first few hours and we had a jolly good time breaking faces. There are new covenants this time around, each offers a different take on multiplayer, but I won't spoil those here.	New-Game+ is here as always but now you can choose when to begin, very nice if you're holding off for late game PvP. Over all it's a really dang fun and a worthy successor to Dark Souls, definitely a must buy for me.		One thing is for certain though, DSII is not watered down.		Prepare to die, over and over and over again.
0,So far I've played this game for about 10 hours and I highly recommend it. One reason for this is that the story is very fresh and mature so older gamers will definitely not be disappointed as it does have some disturbing moments which are conveyed fairly well through text. In a way this game reminds me of Aliens (#2) as the premise of the story goes somewhat like this. A group of soldiers and scientists is sent off to investigate a phenomenon and is shortly afterwards in a fight for survival while trying to figure things out as they go.	  For those familiar with the Megaten games this one brings back all of the awesome elements that make for a unique megaten game. Demon recruitment and negotiation is back front and center with variety in the negotiations thrown in for good measure. For example if you try to recruit a demon (after fusing) and you want to save some money the dialogue options will be different for the most part to ensure that you do really get to know the subtle likes and dislikes of each potential demon recruit. Also there is a bit of Metroid Prime in this game as well as you go about collecting upgrades for your Demonica suit which will allow you to scan and find new passages in certain areas. The music and sound effects are top notch and very foreboding which is also helped out by the fact that this game is not necessarily easy, but at the same time it's not throw your DS at the wall difficult. The difficulty will definitely keep you on your toes though especially since when you go to a new area new demons aren't visible at all, but rather a spark like entity that you have no real idea about until you manage to defeat it and its identity is revealed to you. This game also has variety in it's dungeons so you don't see the same thing over and over again.		In summary	Pros:	+Great controls	+Awesome story	+Great sound design/music	+Deep mature storyline	+Different varieties of dungeons.	+Just the right level of difficulty for experienced players		Cons:	- Graphics aren't the greatest, but then again these aren't the type of games you play for the graphics anyways	- Not much use for the touch screen other than map functions.		I've always loved Atlus for being different and offering up fairly unique game playing experiences and Strange Journey is no different. Highly recommended game that won't disappoint.
0,Not the best game since it has flaws and glitches but they are funny rather than frusrtating leading to a mad fun game.
0,Got it for my little brother and he likes it.
0,Fun as hell, but the graphics leave alot to be desired. Non the less it's all about the gameplay
0,Just as described, my son was very happy with this product when he opened the package.  Well worth the money.
0,This is how a remake of a classic should be like, it has everything, enhanced graphics, better music, new content. just AMAZING. if you are a megaman x fan you definitely should buy this one!
0,When Grand Theft Auto released on the original PlayStation, it has proven to be one of the best landmark titles of the PlayStation game console. This is probably the first videogame series that allows you to play as the criminal, where you get to carjack, do sneak attacks and murder innocent civilians. Adults find the GTA series offensive and grotesque. They don't see it fitting to find their children shooting people at point-blank range with an AK-47. But you don't see some of us fans get influenced by the game itself. I already know some people are influenced by it, and whoever is already influenced by the game is a total idiot who actually took their killing abilities from a videogame. How stupid is that ? Anyway let's get back to the topic. Finally this year in 2001, Rockstar Games released yet another stunning addition to the Grand Theft Auto series known as Grand Theft Auto 3. This game turned out to be one of the best lookin PlayStation 2 games of the year. Not to mention, best playing game ever. So far, most people gave this a high score. Probably a 10 or a 5, but some people gave it one star because of the explict violence. Another reviewer said that this game was too violent. (coughing)WUSSY! (ahem) Yeah...anyway...he gave the game 1 star. And what's worse, he gave Metal Gear Solid 2 only two stars. Probably because it's an "M" rated game. Yeah sure, why don't you give all of the "M" rated games a bad score like Doom or Unreal Tournament. But 1 STAR ON GTA3!? What the feesyz? But who cares what he says, in fact, who cares what anyone else says? It only matters what I say, and I say it's a damn good game. Thats all there is to it ! The graphics are sweet-lookin. Now for the first time, you won't have to go through the pressures of going through the game with a helicopter camera view. You have a wide variety of cameras to choose from. Whether its a 3rd person view or a driveby side view, it's up to you. The character models are perfectly rendered, but sometimes they appear to be a bit blocky on some edges, but all in all, the texture looks great. The music may be a little forgetable, but most tracks are pretty well known. From punk-rock, techno, rap, and classical music. The voice acting is average. The dialogue on each scene sounds like you're watching an "R" rated movie which is great. But unfortunately some in-game voice acting sounds weird. Some people would say the exact same thing to each other (man that's annoying) and the next thing you know, they'll either beat the living crud out of them or bust a few caps on them until they're dead. The gunshots, car crashes, and explosions sound very realistic unlike some of the early GTA series. The gameplay is downright the best in the game, and it improved over the other GTA titles. The controls are seamless and they don't seem to bother me that much. Even the car control doesn't seem that bad at all. The only in-game flaw is the over-difficult missions that we had to go through. Now that's one thing that will get to me. But I'm not taking down one star just because of that. So in the end, Grand Theft Auto 3 is far by, the best amont the GTA series today. But a little warning for you kiddies out there. This game is only reccomended for gamers at the ages of 17 or older, so I wouldn't reccomend it to younger audiences. If you ain't 17, I suggest you stick to "E" or "T" rated games like Street Fighter III or something like that. But if you're at the age where you can possibly buy any damn thing you want, get Grand Theft Auto 3 for the PlayStation 2, but a word of advice before you do. Please don't get influenced by the game itself. If you wan't Rockstar Games to continue on the GTA series, please do them a favor and don't pull of anything stupid like carjack or go on a killing spree. I am so serious about this !
0,One of the most epic rides in the history of video games.
0,The product works and it really adds alot to your gaming experience.	 There is a bit too much bass, but besides that it is an incredible replacement for the headset that comes with the xbox 360.
0,Updated firmware and works great with my Halo 5 controller.
0,Great
0,daughter can't wait to try this out
0,Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit is an arcade style racer.  If you are a fan of the Forza series or the Gran Turismo series, Need for speed is not that kind of game.  I'll repeat that and expand upon that:  Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit is not a game for people who demand a realistic driving simulation.  If you start playing Hot Pursuit expecting hyper realistic driving physics then you will leave disappointed.  There is no split screen racing, which people are bashing.  I find it very hard to believe that anyone still plays local split screen for the majority of their multiplayer use.  I'm not saying it's not an oversight of the developers, but it really does not break the game.  If you want competitive multiplayer, how hard is it to connect to an online race?  Not at all.		Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit is a fast, beautiful game that is challenging.  I rarely purchase arcade style racing games, but Hot Pursuit deserves far more than 3 stars.  It deserves a spot on the shelf of anyone who wants to boost, drift, spike strip, EMP, jam, or road block their way to victory.  This game is intense and enjoyable - even without split screen.
0,I mean, it fits and holds the batteries in on a gameboy.  What more can I add to that?		How many words does this thing need?		It's not like the thing can dance or cure the common cold, it just makes sure the batteries don't fall into my milk when I'm playing my handheld while drinking milk.
0,There is so much to do for a ps2 game. The world is huge. And the story is amazing it becomes addicting. Honestly probably one of the beat ps2 games ever and one of the best rpgs ever.
0,Very happy with item and delivery
0,This is more than likely the best steering wheel for the PS3. The Playstation 3 Logitech Driving Force GT Racing Wheel has all the bells and whistles that you would expect from Logitech. 900 degree wheel rotation, advanced force feedback, a real-time adjustment dial for fine-tuning your driving experience and a whole lot more. The wheel basically comes with the wheel and the break/gas pedals, both of which connect to your PS3 via USB. Wireless would have been nice, but I guess that would have made it prohibitively expensive. You'll also have to connect an AC power unit to the wheel, which is kind of a hassle, but it's worth it for the driving experience, which is second to none compared to the other console wheels I've used.		The one big oversight that the product has is that there's really no way to play with it on your lap. You basically have to mount it to a table or desk, and considering that this is a product for a console, to me that's kind of a major oversight on Logitech's part. Apparently there's going to be a "lapboard" attachment coming for an additional $20, but that should have been included. People don't play console games at a desk.		Overall, this is a good product. If you really get into your driving/racing games, the price isn't too much to ask, and the wheel is exceptionally responsive. It's a bit bulky, and getting it at a good level is difficult since we're talking about console gaming here (how many console gaming tables do they make again?), as most coffee tables are way too low, at least for me. If they can fix that one problem, they'd do a lot in improving this wheel's functionality among it's target users.
0,Great game for any age if you have a young child or a teenager they are sure to engoy this game i really sugest this game for any age group and it comes with a free memory card that has 2 great gifts a NINTENDO thats right u can even play old nintendo games in this game it is just a great game if you are in question for any gamecube game buy this it is great for anyone who likes the gamecube and is a fan of the sims type games
0,Good
0,Excellent
0,Love it.
0,Of course the game is great! I have played through my Uncharted games over and over and over again and purchased and repurchased more times than I would personally like to admit too. I would say the only let down I have are the pre-order bonus from Amazon. Yes, a $12 discount on day one is worth pretty much the reason to pre-order here. The 300 gold coins and some dress gear is not too great though. I wish it could have been more gold coins or something.
0,Do not buy a used copy of this game. This is a steam game and the code will say its already been used and will not work and you will not be able to install it on PC.  Now I have a used copy that makes a great coaster :) The ps4 version I own and its a great game, one of the better cod titles once you get used to the smaller TTK of the game. If an opponent gets the drop on you with good aim, you won't have time to retaliate before you die, even if you set max health to 200%.		I can't comment on the pc version versus the console ps4 version since used versions won't install to steam without a code that hasn't already been used.
0,As a long time WoW player, there will never be an expansion like Burning Crusade, but hey... Games evolve. So in this case I found mists to be better than wrath and cata. It also helped blizz get new players involved, I think it was a good buy
0,I found that the interaction to be quick, friendly and professional!  Thank you for being so easy to work with!
0,Excellent
0,Gift recipient quite happy with the game!!
0,Little short with less than 50 songs but pretty good game beat in pretty quickly.
0,came across this in a lot on ebay also got GOW II as well in that same lot lucky me ay. Well I love the god of war series I played III first and I just love all the Greek mythological beasts you get to kill in it as well as the beautiful scenery. The story lines are good as well as the cut scenes. Very good game indeed one of my favorite series so far. The God of War series has a way of immersing you so much into the story it's almost like digital crack as you become very addicted to it and fast that many hours fly by and your very immersed into this game and forget the outside world and whats going on. It's almost like being alive during the Greek times, Sparta, Getting to see very familiar beasties like Minotaurs, Cerebus, Gorgons, as well as other familiar Greek legends.
0,One of the greatest Games of the 7th generation gets an 8th generation rerelease and facelift In the graphics dept
0,What is there to even say? This game is a beautiful masterpiece. Gorgeous and stunning graphics, beautiful textures. Amazing story line... Nothing but good things to say about this masterpiece. The online is fun as well. =)
0,I don't have a xbox, I use this for PC gaming. With a USB micro cable it connected and installed drivers right away. Works great.
0,I must say of all the mice I've used throughout my life, none have fit my hand more perfectly. the wireless/wired functionality is great, and Razer Synapse works perfectly with it, the scroll wheel will blink to tell you when you're low on battery and need to switch to wireless, but as long as you remember to charge it anytime you're not using it, it shouldn't be a problem. That solves one problem I've always had with wireless mice, the next one is interference and polling rates, Both of which this mouse seems to have no problems with, It's as good as any wired mouse I've ever used. and lastly, it can be used wired, if desired, which solves every problem I would have about it being wireless. the buttons are easy to use, my only problem is that it advertises 9 fully programmable buttons but 2 of these are used for switching DPI settings, which for most gamers is a must on the fly. Some corner buttons that I could tap at with my index finger probably wouldn't go amiss for future variants, but either way I still love this mouse.
0,Bioware has become synomous to excellence in RPG video gaming for almost a decade now, and Mass Effect reinforces this fact.		Xbox 360 needed a good RPG in its library. Sure, you got your Oblivion and your Blue Dragon, or even Eternal Sonata, but have these really quenched your RPG thirst? If not, then Mass Effect surely will.		I'll give you a simple list of the Pros and cons.		Cons:		1. Frame rate - You probably have heard all about this already. Just let me clarify on one point: This DOESN'T happen during combat.		2. Loading - Too many areas need loading. You'll be running from one place to another, only to see your screen pause, with a loading... loading... notation at the bottom of your screen.		3. Learning curve - Combat and driving the MAKO (your combat vehicle) take a while to get use to.		4. Combat - It's no Gears of War or Rainbow Six. The combat could get confusing, and the cover system ain't all that great (enemies tend to charge at you too often, making covering pointless). But hell, it's a RPG, not first/third person shooter.		PROS:		1. The Story - Bioware has created a mythology of their own, with ALOT of details. Although it's not totally unique, but it's still good stuff.		2. Graphics - This is usually an area that RPGs faulter on, but Mass Effect definitely looks NEXT GEN.		3. Dialogues - Well written and amazingly acted. Nothing sounds corny or cheesy.		4. Characters - This has always been one of Bioware's trademark. They almost seem alive (it's kinda of creepy, considering that they are all computer generated). This includes Shepard (the protagonist).		5. Game size - It's bigger than you might think. If you read anything else where, you might of heard that you can beat the game in 10 to 15 hours; which is probably true, but then again, so can you with Oblivion. Why would anyone rush through the game when there are a ton of side quests and area to explore?		6. Combat - Yes, it's a weak point and a strong point. It's weak because it's not tweaked to optimal, but it's great because it's actually fun killing baddies; just count the ways to toast a Geth (You want to spin it around using Dark Energy? Zap it with your Omni-Tool? Or just snipe it with your rifle?).		So, Mass Effect, despite a few loose screws here and there, it's still one heck of a solid action RPG. This will probably be the best RPG on the 360 for some time to come, so grab it!
0,if you want a fan for your Xbox One Look No Further this is the Fanta guess I've had mine for about 7 months and I will tell you this it has not done anything but get a little Dusty and it only takes a couple minutes to clean it is a five-star fan for your Xbox One frankly the best one I've seen out there it keeps my Xbox very cool and it has not heated up since I've got the fan good luck hope it works for you
0,This game was one of the reasons I got a PS3. It looked cool. I started to play this game with one controller, and I doubted how fun this game was. Maybe it was because I didn't understand it because I'm not patient enough to listen to the tutorials or read the instruction booklet. When I ordered a second controller (for co-op), though, I couldn't stop playing it. I began to understand the objectives and collecting stickers and it's also cool how you can customize your character any time in the game (with outfits, skins, glasses, hats, hair, etc. that you've earned) and you can even customize your space pod with all of the decorations and stickers you've earned. Create-a-level mode is also pretty cool, you earn tools and contraptions and then you get to place them in your own level. The game starts out really easy but it gets much more challenging after that. If you have a PS3 and don't have this game, you have to get it. It's impossible to have a PS3 without this. It has local and online co-op, a lot of PS3 games only have online co-op. I played this game until 5 am-that's how fun it is. Now I can't wait until the PSP version comes out.
0,I must admit that previously before owning a PS3, I very skeptical due to the hype and me being a devoted Xbox 360 Fanboy, but after receiving this console as a gift from my lovely wife, I realize what this system is capable of.		The PS3 may lack the quantity and quality of games compared to the Wii and especially the 360, but overall it is a powerful home entertainment system with it's ability to play high def movies courtesy of the Blue Ray drive (the 360 HD-DVD add on is $179.00)it has a built in Wi-Fi for playing online as well as an internet browser (360's adapter costs $99.99 and the Xbox live subscription is $50 per year!!!) and the ability to not just stream videos from your PC, but copy them straight to the hard drive disk and the photo slide show is very user friendly with the option of using your favorite pics as a theme/main page. (360 is uncapable of doing those.)and the friggin thing runs quiet unlike the jet engine sounds of th xbox 360..no red lights of eath to worry about either.		If there are any gripes regarding the PS3, it would have to be the lack of exclusive games and killer apps compared to MS' 360's Halo 3,Bioshock and Gears of War. But Uncharted, Ratchet & Clank, and of course Metal Gear Solid 4 are signs of good things to come. I still love 360's ability to play custom soundtracks and the vibration feature which Sony sorely lacks. wuth the amount of storage data from the Blu-ray disc, the potentual is limitless as developers are starting to utilize the most of this format.		All in all you can't go wrong with this purchase which is more cost effective than Xbox's 360 Elite. (more storage and the system is black. WHOOPIEEE!!)Do the math kiddies.
0,awesome. Love it.
0,If you like stealth/fighting/action/adventure type games (Assassin's Creed series, Batman Arkham series, etc) you will love this. The bonus is that it is Lord of the Rings. It is very violent as expected so I would not recommended for youth.
0,Great game ..I really liked the story
0,I have a lot of fun running around and jumping in and out of planes & tanks. The weapon selection is a bit limited but is understandable considering the time period that this game is set in. The story mode is a nice touch and heartfelt with short stories that allows the player to get familiar with all aspects of the game before jumping into the real battle online.
0,I just upgrade my old xbox of 3 years to the new Xbox 250 gb slim and needed the transfer cable in order to transfer the old hard-drive to the new internal 250 GB. Please keep in mind if you are transferring an old external hard-drive to the new Xbox 250 gb slim that you don't need the transfer disc that comes with it. The xbox slim already comes with the software pre-installed.
0,Good game lots of hard players and computers. Tomany custom maps and tomany people playing the same few maps no variety.
0,Very good thanks
0,a tough but exciting game just like tv but you need to type fast i don't so even if i no the answer i run out of time that part sucks
0,Exactly as advertised.  Great price. Fast shipping. Worked perfectly.  For once, the youngest child got to hand something down to his older brother.
0,great
0,It fits and it works. Original as well. Delivered in reasonable time.
0,Although this was a surprise to me for I had loved the original sands of time trilogy and had doubt about the quality potential of this game. I just loved this game. I was pleased to see that they were ready to give a different prince, more positive, charming and sympathetic, but with enough human depth to have feelings of doubts and of fear. I was pleased that the princess in this universe also had a more important like to the plot and I loved the idea that the player could combine her powers and create great combos. Even the idea of putting various discussions between the prince and the princess really gives more depth to the story. A great job not only from the producers and artists of the game, but also to Rihanna Pratchett, the screenwriter to the game who also worked on EA'S excellent Mirror's Edge. Not only that I loved the soundtrack. An excellent job they did for it gives to the game a magical atmosphere of greatness which makes the castle, in which you travel, much more impressive.		Although different from the original trilogy, a great game to play.
0,Mega Man X 5 picks up right where X 4 ended. As always we have the 8 stage bosses who have awesome weapon upgrades for both X and Zero only this time you are racing against time itself to save earth from a spacial colony that is on a collision course! Oh Noooo!!! Battle thru intense stages and and remember - you are playing against the clock - Literally! Everything you do will be time based here and every second counts.  If you are a Mega Man X Fan, this game is a must have!
0,Teslagrad is a puzzle platformer that was once only available as a digital download, but Soedesco, in their first publishing effort in the US, has brought this neat game to disc format, and I couldn't be happier. While I'm fine with digital for lower priced games like these, it's always nice to know that you can own the game on a disc, with a case and cover art, and you can display it on the shelf with the rest of your games, lend it, sell it, trade it, pass it down to your kids (Blu-ray is very scratch-resistant and can last 100+ years), or do whatever with it. Digital, while it has some perks, worries me since these servers for the new consoles will one day go offline, as they did with the PS2, Xbox and Gamecube, and it's only a matter of time, maybe 5 or so years, until the same happens with the last generation consoles. Then once that happens, your content is tied to very fragile hard drive's that'll eventually go bad.		So I hope more developers and publishers continue to bring titles like this to physical format.		As for the game, I was really impressed by the art direction here. While it's a 2D game, it's incredibly colorful and detailed. I got a bit of a Limbo or Braid vibe from the 2D art and the gameplay.
0,Simply put the first one was better but that is saying something as the first was a rts breakthrough and a classic game. However with the expansion coming out I recommend this game as its basically being rebuilt with all the crap I don't like being fixed as well as other things that will improve it and probably be enough to blow the 1st out of the water. So try it ouy you will not be let down
0,works great
0,This was a good game. It added onto the previous game in the series by increasing the playable character count. It has the same features as the last game (except no increasing of specific character abilities) plus two adventure modes. The first is a new story made exclusively for the PSP game and revolves around Naruto and the other genin. The second is an alternate version of the first story in which you play as Jiraiya, Tsunade, Shizune, and Kakashi. The game is a must-have for Naruto fans, period; but if you are looking for a great game overall you might get bored with this. It gets repetative and most characters are basically the same. So buy it...or don't.
0,Updated Review : World Of Warcraft is one of those online games that will keep you locked in with some decent content . The graphics in wow are a bit different to other games like eq2 or d&d online . The audio seems to be verry well done and blinds in to the game verry good. The player controls is verry well done and verry little time needed to learn them. There is a good amount of pvp that can be done in the game if that is your way to play . The pve side of wow is really good , plenty of areas to move to based on your characters level . The class choices you have is verry good . You are able to pick from a warlock to a rogue as well many others . The quests that can be done in wow are easy but there are others that need the player to travel around alot or do some collecting or even kill. The game can be played however you wish to , can take your time leveling or do alot of grinding.	 Also most of the players in wow are decent and verry cool but you also got those few that don't care about others and cause problems.	One of the biggest problems in wow has been corrected for the most part with the release of patch 2.1.0 wich now includes instant reporting so issues of whatever kind can be delt with . One that im happy to see go away is the amount of gold seller spams. Since the release far as i go not seen one tell from a lvl 1 warrior passing me a gold sellers website url and other info . This issue still might happen to some but the amount that has went from 4-5 or more tells a day from different companys to verry few or none at all for most players .	 World Of Warcraft is alot more funner now for many players since alot no longer have to deal with the gold selling spam .		If you have checked out wow before and delt with the gold sellers or some other issue , It is worth comming back to wow and check out all the changes with the most recent patch 2.1.0 . Happy Hunting !
0,Nothing else to say but i love this collection. Going to get the fourth
0,Works just like it was supposed to.  Quick shipping,
0,This was a game for my 5 year old. very easy for him to learn and he loves it!
0,great
0,Great product again from codejunkies and no failing here either and works with my gamecube games and system. Has codes but not enough.
0,Was good at the time.
0,Already had the game on steam but wanted the physical copy! My case was a little beat up but aye gives it some personality :]
0,Let me start off by saying it is extremely rare for me to write a review for anything on Amazon.  That being said this game is so good I just had to let it be known.  This game is so beautiful looking it will amaze you.  But a beautiful game does not make a good game, gameplay does.  This game has gameplay fun in spades.  This is probably the most fun I have ever had with a platformer since Super Mario 64.  It is that good.  This game could be enjoyed by all ages, from kids to adults.  If you own a PS3 you owe it to yourself to buy this game.  You will not be disappointed!
0,Works great.
0,GREAT DEAL THANKS +++++
0,After playing "Turok: The Dinosaur Hunter" for ten minutes, I realized I had a great game at hand. It was like Mortal Kombat, except in a shooting-game. Blood everywhere, amazing enemies and weapons, and a good, good time. And I'll admit this; I don't actully play the Turok games. No, I'm sorry, I don't. It's not that their hard, or boring, but I don't play them...well, not without the cheats at least. As soon as I find out a new Turok game's coming, I get on the internet, go to Happypuppy.com, and find the Master Cheat. Yeah, it's pretty low, but it's fun to go in these blood-soaked shooter games. And the second one is no exception. I played this game without cheats for a few hours, made up my mind, and decided it was great, and would be even better with cheats.	Half an hour later, I came back with the Master cheat in my hand, which is "BEWAREOBLIVIONISATHAND", or, if you break it down, "BEWARE OBLIVION IS AT HAND". Within minutes, I had an amazing arsenal, all maps, invincibility, and more by my side. The weapons...well, let's just say the first Turok can't touch them. You have the usual knife and bow and arrow, pistol, shotgun, and the rest, but you now also have a nuke, pod layer (which lays bombs on the ground and they explode on contact), a machine gun (as the first had, but this one's much better), the Cerebrial Bore (the most gory weapon of all. It launches out a little ball, and it goes straight for the enemies head. When it gets there, it starts sucking and draining blood form their head, then, after 5 second, it explodes, and takes the enemies head with it), my personal favorite, the Razor Wind (a shield with sharp edges on it. You throw it and it cuts up all enemies in it's path, then come right back to you. It can chop off just about any limb you throw it at; the head, the legs, and the arms), and another physical weapon, the War Blade. The name says it all.	Overall, this game is a vast improvement, and is the best yet (but that might change as soon as I play "Evolution"). The graphics are great, awesome story, vast, detailed enviroments, and some hot blue chick that always pops up. What more could you ask for?
0,Plays great, tons of characters, the customization system adds A LOT of fun to the game
0,I purchased this after years of having the same Microsoft comfort keyboard 5000,		My mouse went out, so I decided to replace both mouse and keyboard, I picked this keyboard and  this mouse -> [...]		This keyboards lighting is nice, I like that each zone can be different, and its bright.		The feel of this keyboard is also great, it feels durable, smooth, quiet.		It is slightly heavy, which I personally prefer, as light stuff would just slide around.		10/10 might actually buy another.		Any other questions feel free to ask me! Jake@draghar.com
0,it works great
0,Great product!
0,Great product arrived on time
0,This was the second to last game with the original megaman  and his originally nemisis doctor willy if you exclude the mega man games from the original series in gameboy format like mega man 1 through 5 redone  for game boy inbetween 1990 and 2007 if you don' conclude the foreign games that were not imediately release in the united states. This includes the two stretfighter fighting games power fighter one and two and megaman and bass megaman. Thi s game cam be fun but challange if you use normal shouts on the bosses and don't no there exact weakness. Here.  I will start with thye second boss fight with doctor Willy and move backword don't want these tips then close the page. For boss docot willy the second time there are two way that you can beat him if you have enough enery tanks and doge enough. Willy has about a 71% restitance against spring mans  spring ball like weapons but about 15 hit from spring mans ability will defeat the crazey doctor if you have enough eazy and change recharge the energy meteor for the ability up frequently enough. second method but possibly harded method due to willy frequently turns his squacer invisible is to hit him with a full power mega buster blast this should take him down with about 7 to 9 hits if you can surve long enough with out infite health if your shoots do not miss him or hit him when he is invulerable.  For doctor willy the first time batte 24 he has a slight partial weakness against the electricn white energy ball like attack there is a likely hod of about 18 to 24% pecent that this special move will take away 1/16 or about 6.25% of his life bar away each time it is fire. To do this it must hit this skull like TYE walker walker like boss  in the eye area when it's face foward about sixteen times. A quicker faster method is to once again hit him with a full power mega buster attack this attack if it hits the right spot will cause about 6 to 7% more damge pure hit than the electric ball caused the ship to explouded with about 7 direct hits if you dodge his attacks and use your enerry tanks if you have any to heal at the appropriate time. For the 23th boss fight  the second battle with spring man his rsitance against normnal shot is strong at 94.7 percent% There are two way to defeat him that doabout the same amount damgage you can defeat him with about 5 to7 if by use of either a directly hit from a full power charge mega buster shoot or 5 to ten hits from slash man ability a point bank range wil defeat him quickly if you doge fast enough. He is drastically weakerwith only a 80.5 % percent resitance from damge if he does or he is out of the short 3 inches to 2 foot strike range of slash mans ability.  For the 22th second boss fight the turbo man rematch. Using a fully power mega buster shot will take him out with about 7 hits. But there is another techinque that's even quicker. Turbo man for some reason is weak again soom wave like attacks like used my guile in stret fighter. You have suck and attack you get it once you death the robot master shade man. It is a sonar like sonic protetile weapon it's super effective  his resitance is low at only 23.8 percent hit him five times with out it being dodge in the front or back and it's back to the master heap for him.  For the 21th boss fight the ice boss re fight you have to method that do the same damage hit him with seven full power mega buster or have him touch you when surrounded by the junk mans equivelnt of wood mans leaf shield from mega man 2 7 times and he goes down like the truck from Duel. For the  rematch with cloud man  use a  ability similar to that of buble man from megamnman  to is super devstating and take him down with only about 5 hits give him only a 23.8 percent restiance for a slihglt harder mroe difficult battle you can try the extend the battle another 28.5% if your good enough at dogging know you can defat him and heal before he defeats you. For the slash man rematch he also has super low restitance of only 23.8 percent against the ice robots ability blast him five times and you have your self a fromzein wolverine wana a bee on a stick. The gigantic clown like boss has highj attack strengthhis weak point is a small gem on his you can either try to hit him fiften times in the head with sonic weapon you get from shade man or you can do the same process  with 7 to 9 hits by using your normal buster shoot fulling charged instead. For enormorus turtle bus I don't recomed ussing coil mans movie because the turtles has high resitance against the effects of it take 11 to 15 hits to defeat it if you don't hit it when it's recoils inside and is temporarly invulerable will in sends out  a few  smaller minions. I recommend the charge shoot at full power to take it down in about 7 shout if they hit properly you can cut cut down another 30 to 50% of running time more or less.  For the final battle with bas  have at least one e one you because base and treble the ecvil mega man and rush joing together. I higly recommed  hit him with 7 to 9 full power charge shot instead of  hitting him with 9 to 13 times with the ability of the current ice robot. To beat up the giganti guts man like robot with the giant claw you can either hit him 12 time with slash mans low strike range attack or you can use full power charge shoot will doinging  and healing at the right time and reduce him to scrape in half the time if you hit him every single ytime in the right area.  For the second fight with bass hit with about 8 to 14 of  sonic wave blast attacks you get from deathing shadow man or blast him with the mega blast full speed if you think you can out match his speed and take him down with out invulerability or armor enhacement cheats on to reduce damage which I don't think they had back when this came out.  It's getting to late I may send you startegies for the other bosses at a later date but use what I have advised for now or watch the  guys speed run on you tubve you might be able to beat this game in a phonilmal time of 10 to 68 minutes depending on practic and if you do things legal which people seldom due in these games thanks for reading this if you did.
0,not as dynamic as other racing games
0,Great. :)
0,This game is definately the best one on my shelf. It never gets old. It's one of those games where you don't care if you beat it, it is still fun just roaming around irritating the cops, stealing cars, and running over elvis impersonators (very cool). Definately worth the money, and definately the best game I've seen.
0,The sims 3 Pets is a great expansion pack. With the sims 3 pets you have horses, cats, and dogs to choose from.
0,I preordered this awhile back when it was first released and I immediately was displeased and traded it in. I wish I gave a second chance months back. My friends used to play 2010 online all the time (even with the intense lag online). With 2012 I was initially frustrated with the feel of the game being too similar and the cpu reversing everything or so I thought. After the lull in recent games we ended up repurchasing 12 and I'm so happy I did. You do get used to the reversal system which is easier to pull off and makes for a more exciting match. The customization is improved and the game is simply smarter. We just started to play online again and while is still slow, we've been having some epic ladder matches (which is the sole reason we play online). Give it a chance. This is the best wrestling game to date.
0,Looks and works perfect. But cartridge has a rattle.
0,works as expected no fuss, just plug and play... i mean, setup your wired internet connection.
0,Great game with many levels of fun
0,Thanks
0,cool game.a way 2 take out aggression w/o being arrested in life.
0,Good
0,i wanted a battery fre bar and this was perfect for my needs. i have the power bar still but the time for the wii has come and gone.
0,First of all, this review is ASSUMING THAT THE GAME WORKS ON YOUR COMPUTER. I read some of the other reviews below and heard about how this game isn't compatible with some graphics cards or whatever. If that were the case, I'd haved to give this game one star. But since this game did run perfectly well on my machine, here's what I have to say about it. The only space sim that I've played other than Tachyon is X-Wing--an old VGA game--but in many ways X-Wing was the turning point in space sims. The graphics in Tachyon are really good, if somewhat redundant. What I mean is that sometimes I see the same patterns and textures on space stations. Speaking of space stations, I was MOST IMPRESSED by their SIZE. The people at Novalogic really did an outstanding job at scaling things correctly. But what really got me to buy this game was the fact that you could buy different ships and decide what armament and upgrades you want to put on it. Certain ships have a certain amount of slots, and the possible combinations are nearly endless. Another nice feature is that you can own multiple ships at once, or sell individual ships or parts for money. You can hire wingmen to assist you on missions. Since there is no in-flight camera, it's hard to tell if your wingmen did anything to help you, but at least they don't die easily--even the poorer pilots. There are several external view, but I didn't find them very helpful. They should have put a gunsight on the external view so that you could fly through the mission, accomplish it, and enjoy the scenery at the same time. The game is sorta nonlinear. You get to choose which level mission you want to undertake, but ultimately you will end up doing the others. The missions are fairly simple and varied, which is nice. I remember that X-Wing was downright frustrating at times. By the way, there are cheats for this game, so if you get stuck, look 'em up. The levels with the fog are interesting, although they can be a strain on the eyes and disorientating at times. But that's not until the end. There are some cut-scenes, but nothing truly original or amazing--they're still the in-game graphics. This game could have been better, but overall I'd say it's worth its price. But I'd check to make sure it can run on your machine, first.
0,This was not the part needed, but it was in good condiiton.
0,This game was very good and well worth the purchase - I don't write long reviews and played it awhile ago so don't have much more to say
0,Gameplay: Naruto Ultimate Ninja has a similar style to Super Smash Bros. Melee. When you start the game, it may be a little difficult to keep up, so I recommend for you to practice first. In the game you can pick up alot of items for different functions, some for attacking, other for health and some for effects. You also fight in two planes, each time you change the plane, you recover health. There are alot of combos, more than dbz budokais, maybe except dbz budokai 3, and way more than Naruto CoN.		 The variety of characters aint so diverce, but its still good. In game, you can select Story Mode, Mission Mode, Free Play and Versus, plus the shop, were you can buy alot of items, including clothes, music, clips, toys and trading cards. Remember I told you guys there were 14 characters? Well here they are: Naruto, Sasuke, Sakura, Lee, Kakashi, Shikamaru, Neji, Hinata, Haku, Zabuza, Gaara, Orochimaru , Naruto Kyubi and Sasuke Cursed Marked. There are more than 6 supers and 7 in some cases, there are 3 styles for the supers, first form, second form, and third form, which is the most powerful one.		 There are button combos to perform the supers, if you fail in attacking then it will damage less, if you fail in defending, it will damage you normally.		Graphics: Graphics are like SSBM, sometimes better when you enter the fighting cut-scenes.		Sound: For those who love the jap. ver., I recommend to skip all the Naruto parts. For those who watch it in english then you'll have no problem.		Value: The game is worth the $40. But if you're not a Naruto fan, then I recommend you rent it first.		Overral: Great game, not so much characters, alot of awesome combos, cool game modes, good graphics and a big divercity of items. Naruto UN is definately worth the Naruto title.
0,Worked great with wii. My kids used it all the time. No problems. Good quality.
0,The Mario Bros. have done it again.  A classicly made game for a classic system.  Totally cool!
0,It's a funny game if you liked the movie. Good graphics and sound but kind becomes easily a little bit repetitive on it's all-about-destroying story script though.
0,Loved it!
0,Works great and arrived as described. Many soon has been bugging me for this game for about 4 months now. His birthday had finally arrived and along with an 8 bit console he will be a happy kid. My wife and I tried it out ( to make sure it works and also because we wanted to play some Mario ). It worked first try! Very pleased as I can't wait to watch my boy play.
0,Man was this delivered quickly. The item is even better than we had imagined....thank you!
0,I had read some reviews that said this was for the DS and not the SP. I just received this yesterday and immediately plugged my SP in to see if it worked. The charge light came on and charged fine. Only issue I have with this is that the cord is ALOT shorter than the ones that came with my original SP. other than that, its not a bad deal for what you get.		hopefully this review was helpful
0,New and plays great.
0,very good
0,Of course it works great, it`s a "Sony Genuine PS2 Memory Card" It says unknown, but it is a real Sony (the one I got anyway) It works great and is sturdy as ever. It Comes sealed and new.	  Thanks
0,PERFECT! Came on time!
0,Majora's Mask is one of my favorite Zelda games. Remember this, this is a remake game and unlike the last game, Ocarina of Time, there are no extras, but only a few changes. The graphics in this game are AWESOME, the controls are similar to the last Zelda remake game, and the dungeons and the puzzles are a bit challenging. In this game, there are a few changes like you can save your game from an owl statue and your save file will stay instead you use your ocarina and the boss battles have been changed which makes them more challenging and difficult than its N64 counterpart. I bought this game and the guide from my Gamestop and I was lucky that they are the last ones. I gave this game a 5 star rating.
0,If you are looking for a game that takes you on an adventure and does everything great, this is that game.  This game gives you remnants of Infamous, Deus Ex, Uncharted, and probably a couple other games, and they do it perfect.  Everything from the fighting to the storyline are great.  I'm not sure if its because I already played Arkhmm Asylum or not but I started out with all the equipment/perks that I had from the original.  The new fighting perks/moves are phenomonal.  I like how Batman uses the environment to fight.  As a finishing move I took one of the goons heads and slammed it against one of the concrete blocks I was fighting next to.  It is open world with lots of side missions.  I haven't played much of the story yet and I'm 4-5 hours in.  You can look for Riddler's trophies, which require some thought and skill to get some of them (you'll see) or you can help others in side missions and even stop muggings (exactly like Infamous).  You can also do the WayneTech challenges to upgrade you skills and earn new equipment.  There is so much more to this game that I have left out, but there's something for everyone.  I have spent probably an hour just gliding around looking at the city with a few fights in between.  It's just that immersing.		Believe me, this game will more than hit the spot for what you are looking for.  This will get Game of the Year without a doubt (even with Uncharted 3 coming).  It has everything.  I can't see how someone really couldn't like this game unless you don't like fun, exciting, action-filled games or Batman.  You will NOT be disappointed.
0,Im a Vive headset owner.  For people who are jumping on the VR bandwagon for the first time, they need to understand that they are probably going to have to avoid lot of fast moving action game such as DriveClub or Eve Valkyrie game and of course you will be fine playing those games after several days of use of psvr headset.  It does get better slowly over time(within a week) and with more exposure your body will eventually get used to it.  Lot of Nintendo 3DS users had the same problem(dizziness) but hardly nobody complain because they overcome those issue within a week. Oculus early prototype version sold over 200,000 units since 2012 and nobody had a issue with their eyes so don't believe what other VR haters said.  Apple,Google,Sony,Facebook will not involve in VR tech if its dangerous.  There are very smart people working in those companies.
0,If you like playing bar games but don't like the bar scene buy this, you will play this for hours!
0,Got this as a gift. No complaints.
0,I wanted to show my kids the type of games I used to play. Simple but fun games.		They actually love them too. I have a 7 year old and a twelve year old. Playing asteroids brought back memories of my childhood.
0,I'm so glad I found a PS1 memory card I play my PS2 still and want to play some of my PS1 games on there and I wanted to save my data I'm glad I found a PS1 memory card.
0,Great port made right! Kind of pointless to get but who cares! It's fun and all most looks like the console one! I love mk so if you love it to you will like this port for the vita!
0,I just love everything about my Xbox One, including this extra controller I ordered. Very solid, and performs well. You need a spare!!
0,liked it
0,As someone who played the other ACs and was pretty let down by the amount of upgrades for the $, New Leaf delivers.  That's all you need to hear from me.
0,The mantra for all fans of Resident Evil who play the fourth installment for the Nintendo GameCube (and now for the Playstation 2) is this: "Forget all you know, or think you know."		With the new installment of Capcom's seminal horror franchise, Capcom has shed the trappings that began to drap the series down in the past. Gone are the clumsy box inventory systems, the out-dated, clumsy camera/control system has been axed, and there are no more shuffling, stupid zombies. That's right, the series that introduced gamers to the creepiest, nastiest, most persistent zombies in video game history, has axed its own staple. Now, as Leon S. Kennedy (the rookie Racoon City cop from RE2), you'll be fighting for your life against crazed European villagers, sinister monks, and far scarier. . . things.		The story, after quickly dealing with the loose ends from the Umbrella story arc of the series' past, centers on Leon. Now a special agent working for the United States government, Leon is sent to an isolated corner of Europe to find the president's daughter, who was recently kidnapped. After some decidedly strange happenings at a local village. . . well, let's just say that, zombies or no zombies, this is still a Resident Evil game, so expect the unexpected and truly horrifying. Suffice it to say, the game features some of the best boss fights of this generation, and that doesn't mean just shooting random violent villagers.		However, even that is extremely engaging and enjoyable, thanks to the game's new mechanics. Thanks to location-specific hit detection, a new over-the-shoulder camera, and incredibly advanced enemy intelligence, combat this time around is much more fun and much more terrifying. Rather than shamble slowly toward you, enemies will now run at you in packs wielding anything from axes to chainsaws to lit dynamite. They'll dodge out of the way if you shoot them and come in through windows and break down doors if you hide in buildings. It makes especially the first couple hours of the game (before you get access to the really good guns) extremely tense.		Which isn't to say that feeling goes away. In fact, Resident Evil 4, rather than relying on the jump-out-at-you shock scares, it instead creates a constantly intense and gripping tension, as you are continually hunted by crazed (possibly) humans, and worse. This is made even more heart-pounding when you are tasked with protecting Ashley, the president's daughter. Yes, it sounds like a "great, another escort mission" type of situation, but honestly, this time someone got it right. Not only does Ashley actually have a survival instinct (unlike, say, Yorda from ICO), she's also got a couple brain cells. When threatened, she'll try to hide behind Leon, and if she gets in your line of fire if you use the quick-turn (a feature new to the series that should be included in every shooter from now on), she'll duck out of your way to give a clear sight.		Which is invaluable, as you'll want very much to kill the enemies in this game. Running past them is not only a bad idea generally, it's also impossible most of the time. Besides, they'll drop coins, items, and treasure that you can use for trade with a few mysterious merchants that are scattered across the landscape. These strange salesman will help you buy new weapons as well as upgrade old ones, an oppurtunity you literally cannot pass up. There are boss fights that are literally impossible if you haven't upgraded at least one of your weapons mutliple times.		Which brings me to perhaps one of the greatest parts about the game. During the boss fights especially, as well as during several cutscenes, you'll be given the option to take part in something incredibly cinematic and cool with the well-timed press of a button or two. It's a great way of presenting the game's story while still keeping the player very much involved in the game, and it makes the razor-thin escapes and sweet fighting moves that much cooler when you're actually doing them rather than watching them.		Overall, Resident Evil 4 is not only the best game in the series, and not only the best survival/horror game ever made, but it's also one of the best games released this year. It's easily the best-looking title on the Cube, offering eye-popping characters, incredible effects, and monstrous bosses (with no slowdown whatsoever), and is hands-down one of the most engagingly terrifying experiences you'll ever have. Even if (like me) you were never that big a fan of the series, you shouldn't pass this by.		So if you like edge-of-your seet thrills, good action, or are just a fan of violence and mayhem, play this game; play it at night; play it with the lights out; and bring an extra set of underwear or three. You'll need them.
0,Statue of Kenway is pretty well made and the flag is very awesome, I just wish the emblem was centered. Soundtrack is pretty decent as well, love those shanty songs. As for the game itself my expectations were pretty low since AC3 disappointed me, I must say though I was pleasantly surprised how fun it was to pillage and plunder ships. My major complain about the game is that there are too many "tailing" and eavesdropping, sections during the missions. A bit more challenging than its predecessors and yet still very familiar. Some new aspects may take some getting used to for long time fans of the series, at least for me it was.
0,How can you not love this game? They need to remake a modern version of it though. I'd be happy with an HD remake.
0,Here's the thing... Buy this game.
0,I just wanted to make a comment. Anyone who has been using anything BUT the analog stick for driving hasn't really gotten what this game is all about. If you're pissed off because you can't use the D-pad to drive, puh-LEASE.		I agree with all reviewers who say that you should start with GTA 3, then work up to Vice City and THEN tackle this game, rather than jumping in cold. I hadn't played this game when I first wrote this review, but I own and have beaten both of the previous games and I know it took a lot of practice. This game seems to be much more intense and frustrating than the others, so get some experience.		I have now gotten the game and just spent the last 6 or so hours playing it. First the good...		The size and scope is truly immense, I am still getting lost in the first city of Los Santos and environs, all of which is easily the size of all of Vice City and more. And we have two more cities of equal dimensions.		Swimming is a lot of fun and now i don't wince everytime i chuck off a bridge through no fault of my own. The bikes are a cool addition, as are the gyms and the off-track betting, don't go to the betting store downtown if you have a gambling habit. I also enjoyed the video games in the convenience store, playing basketball, and i'm sure there are tons of other stuff I haven't discovered yet. I can't wait until I get to the trains, driving on the tracks with a car isn't the same thing...		Voice acting and music is on point, my two roomates immediately asked me if this game was based on the early 90's L.A. without even knowing what it was about. As a Jamaican, i give Rockstar 100% props with K-Jah west, all authentic dancehall and reggae tunes from the period with real Jamaican DJs. I was there smiling and listening to 90's classics like "Bam Bam" by Chaka Demus and Pliers, and "Great Train Robbery" by Dennis Brown among others. Good stuff, good stuff. Wicked and wild, schidily-whoa-oh-oww. Zeen!		Gameplay is similar to the first two, you should be able to land on your feet if you're experienced with them. To my eye, the graphics are similar to the first two as well, maybe not as slick as Vice City's but I really don't care about graphics that much. They don't suck, that is for sure.		There is a HUGE selection of cars and drivable vehicles, at least 3 times that of Vice City which was quite a large library in its own sense.		Now the bad.		While I am still in Los Santos and haven't hit the other missions yet, the missions i've done so far are harder for the most part than those you'd see at this point in the first two. Cash flow is also a bigger problem, you don't get paid for most of the missions thus far and if you do get paid, it's like $200 or $500 for "beer." It makes it more real but I'm not the kinda person to go hustling for cash. To be fair, i haven't had to buy anything of high value yet like guns or safe houses, most of my weaponry has come from fallen enemies or Emmett (you'll see) but that means I don't have anything decent. All in due course I guess...I've seen some other safehouses in Los Santos besides the one you start with, but I am not sure where i'm supposed to get $10 grand from.		Haircuts are way too expensive, $500 for an Afro?? There are probably too many options for customizing, but i'm just lazy.		The game's immensity is a two-edged sword, there's a lot to explore but also a lot of ground to traverse and you spend a lot of mission time commuting. I made a concious effort to work out at the gym, you should definatly make an effort to get toned and stuff. I'm not sure how to improve stamina quicker than I can, but buffing up muscle is pretty easy and can be done quickly, wish I could do it that quickly in real life :)		Other points which should be noted include the language. Hoo boy, this game is realistic to a fault. F-bombs and mother-f-bombs are dropped as often as you'd expect to hear them dropped in real life gansta talk. So far it's not as bad as South Park Bigger Longer Uncut but it's pretty darn close. Also while the radio stations i've heard so far are pretty good, I must admit to being a bit dissapointed with the chat radio. The skits i've heard are good but it is all so disjointed, there doesn't seem to be a common theme to it. Liberty City had Lazlow and KChat, Vice City had both KChat and VCPR (all of which were great), but all San Andreas has is WCPR which is a mishmash of Kchat and VCPR. There are different shows with different hosts focusing on different topics, but I'm not sure yet if there are more hosts than the ones I heard or if I was just unlucky enough to tune in at the wrong times to hear stuff i'd already heard. It's not bad Rockstar, but you've done better.		All in all, it is a worthy sucessor to the GTA heritage and puts its own stamp on the series. It isn't just the previous two rewarmed, it's the previous two expanded. It'll take its place alongside its predecessors as a PS2 classic and should be on the shelf of anyone who owns a PS2. Don't even think of renting it, go buy the thing.		Other amendments:	The girlfriend option is a bit annoying, who has time to take a girl out on a date when there's territory to take over and Ballas to cap? I guess there'll be more time for that option when the main storyline is over, at least for ME. I don't play this game to make some girl happy with me :D sorry babe.		Got my first taste of Mount Chialo (spelling) and now I am really impressed, I can't wait to explore it fully. The feeling of elevation and risk of falling is real, almost. I'm almost at San Fierro...
0,Dracula Origin is a point and click adventure game (Third person view) made by Frogwares Game Development Studio.		In my opinion I think this is the best adventure game since the classic old Sierra games. The graphics are great and adjustable. The puzzles are hard right from the beginning, but are fun and feel very rewarding when you complete them, but you have any trouble you can just hit the space bar and it will give you hints.		It also has amazing spooky ambient music always playing. Composed beautifully.		The game follows the story written by Bram Stoker "Dracula".		The game runs with no problem on any decent computer. You can adjust the graphics to fit your liking.		So If you enjoy spooky adventure, great storytelling, puzzles and vampires this game is for you.	Great game.		Amazon didn't have the requirements posted so here they are...		System Requirements:	  *  OS: Windows XP SP2/Vista(tm)	  * CPU: 1.5 GHz Pentium 4/Athlon(tm) XP 1500+	  * RAM: 512 MB	  * Video Card: 128 MB DirectX 9	  * Compatible Graphics Card	  * Sound Card: DirectX 9 Compatible Sound Card	  * DirectX: DirectX 9.0c or Higher (Included)	  * CD-ROM: 4x	  * Hard Drive Space: 2.5 GB	  * Peripherals: Keyboard, Mouse	  and Speakers
0,excellent item
0,First of all I will address the ridiculous criticism that has been going around about this arcade stick. This does not advertise that it's compatible with Super Smash Bros Brawl anywhere, it clearly says that it is for digital output only and will not work with analog games. Anyone that knows about arcade sticks will not be shocked by this, all arcade sticks are 8 direction digital sticks, hence the oh so satisfying clicking when you move the stick. Brawl is not the type of game these controllers are for anyway. This lovely gem is built specifically for arcade fighting games...hence the name "Wii FIGHTING Stick". I have been playing Guilty Gear XX Accent Core, King of Fighters collection and SNK arcade classics with this controller for some time and I can honestly tell you that it's a waste of time to use any other controller for those games. With the Samurai Shodown Anthology (YES!!!) and Guilty Gear XX Accent Core Plus on the horizon you have 2 more reasons to own this. Virtual Console games are pretty much all compatible with this stick, Street Fighter 2 anyone??? This stick is worth the price, it is built with care and precision (unlike some other arcade sticks out there...), better than just about anything else associated with the Wii. HORI manufactures the arcade sticks for actual arcade cabinets and that's pretty much what you get here. In short, if you are a Wii owner that enjoys 2D fighters then you owe it to yourself to own one of these, if not it's probably not for you.
0,THIS GAME ROCKS. Why? Well;		1. It's wonderful action-adventure-puzzle genre	2. The Luiginary Attacks and Works	3. Bros Moves & Attacks	4. Wonderful places to see and great storyline	5. AND UNLIKE OTHER MARIO GAMES such as the horrible Super Mario 64 and Wonderful Super Mario Galaxy 2, You try to stop Bowser from stealing Peach. He does succeed, and you have to fetch her back.		Overall: 10 googol/100
0,I use this case everyday and get compliments on occasion. It carries just enough games to keep me entertained on vacation and holds a spare stylus in case I lose one. Highly recommend.
0,Got this for my brother. I myself have been playing for a long time. I'll try my best to explain this to newcomers. I'm assuming you haven't bought the original diablo 3 in this review. Ill add the expansion review in under that.		Diablo 3: Honestly its a very imcomplete game without the expansion. You can get to level 60 and have access to most of the classes(Demon hunter, wizard, monk, barbarian, witch doctor). The main drawback is you pretty much only have story mode to do and that gets old quickly. You can't play with friends who have the reaper of souls expansion unless you have it yourself. Overall its still a fun game for a playthrough or 2 solo.		Diablo 3, Reaper of Souls:You gain access to level 70, an extra chapter in story mode, you gain the ability to play as the Crusader, and you gain adventure mode once you've beaten story mode(including the extra chapter). I'll try to explain adventure mode the best I can. Basically you have access to the entire game world, you can jump between chapters, do any boss fight, explore any side caves. The appeal to adventure mode is you get quests that give you various crafting items and keystones to unlock a randomly generated dungeon called rifts. Rifts are my main reason for playing adventure mode as the map is random along with the enemies. If you manage to hit the difficulty max and still don't feel challenged they have special ranked rifts where you have 15 minutes to complete a rift of various difficulties(you choose before you start with a special keystone). This special rift is attached to its own leaderboards for you competitive types.		Perhaps my favorite thing so far with the game is the developers are keeping in touch with the community and adding new items and enemies every few months at no extra cost. They add seasons which are basically a separate account where you can start fresh with friends. Seasons typically have special items that can only be accessed in seasons at first. These seasons come with there own leaderboards and typically last 3 months. Overall I'm glad the developers continue to add to this great game.
0,Let me start with this, this game is not, nor is it intended to now or ever, to be compared with GTAV. This game stands on it's own as a series and franchise. And here is what this game is, in my opinion. Stress Relief in an interactive form mixed with situations so over the top you will think you are living in an Internet Meme. It makes fun of everything from politics to itself as a creation. It mixes cliche moments with moments of greatness. It is a walking fart joke and youtube prank video. It is mature immaturity wrapped in a bacon deluxe carnage bun with a side of thick cut explosions, all washed down with cold refreshing middle finger to everybody. All of this, while still making the characters memorable, loveable, and laughable to each individual. Everything is over the top, but done in a way that channels the insanity into expectation, making it something that just "works." in this series. From designing your own characters genitalia, to seeing Genki show up at random and launch people from a cannon, to being attacked by a giant energy drink, to *SPOILER* disarming a NUKE mid flight, saving the nation, and taking over the Presidency less than 5 minutes into the game.		If you are looking for a stupid amount of fun, appreciate toilet humor on a scale that makes it humorous, and otherwise embracing what this game is and how it, kinda sadly, reflects the current generational social media fueled gamign culture, you will find an incredible value here. Not just in monetary worth on your hard money spent, but in water cooler moments with your friends, but in the knowledge that no matter how bad your day is, you can hop into Steelport and wash it all away. Great Game, Great Fun, 3rd Street Represent!
0,Second set that I have bought since the first work perfectly on my PS4 controller!!
0,I believe that this game is probably one of better games that I have ever played. The campaign is pretty intense, and it really draws you in to play more. The multiplayer is pretty fun as well. Be that as it may, since this game has been out so long, there are people who play this game constantly and are quite good at on Xbox Live. If possible, get a friend to play the split screen mode and practice before you go out and get annihilated by the true gamers on Xbox Live.	The only downfall to this game is the fact that it takes too much time from your regular life! It is highly addicting, and is sure to keep you entertained for long gaming sessions whether you are playing along with someone through Xbox Live, or even solo on the campaign or shooting up other players online.	I have been one to play a lot of Call of Duty games, but very few come close to this. I have never been so into one of their games as I was when playing this. It truly is one of my favorite games out of my whole collection that I own.
0,Can't believe I didn't buy these sooner. So much better than the standard wii remotes. Great for the whole family to join in in games. My 6 year old loves them.
0,This game is nerve-wracking, interesting, odd, and beautiful. It starts out at this idyllic farmhouse with a curse on it and it's rendered so well you have to stop and look at everything. There a few jump scares so you've been warned, but the story line is so intriguing, you have to keep going.
0,I love having my controller ready at least 1 anyway . also quicker charging time and keep them in a orderly fashion.
0,DW6 is unique for many reasons. It's the first really major 3rd party title to hit the PS3, in this reviewers opinion. The DW series has been a huge selling point for Sony for quite some time, and its nice to see its first foray into the "next generation." Most of the games for the PS3 are still rather mediocre, so its nice to see one breathe a little life into the system (which I just managed to purchase today as well).		It's also unique due to its revamped and overhauled gameplay. And let's face it - the DW engine, while fun, was incredibly tired, having existed since around 1999, with few to no upgrades. Here, however, we finally see some differing gameplay.		No, it's not completely different, and that's good - DW has been fun. But now, the ability to defend and attack nearly simultaneously has been added to the system. Moreover, the combo meter really racks up - you can pretty much swing your weapon infinitely often, with few to no breaks in attacks. Koei has finally made good on the promise of Siege weapons from DW4, and it is a blast to build rams or destroy ballistae. Also, the character now has the ability to swim in water, or climb castle walls in pursuit of more kills and glory.		Not everything is peachy, however. The graphics are pretty lousy. Yeah, they're an improvement over those found in, say, "Warriors:Orochi", but you won't be wowed at all. The sound in the game is fuzzy - you don't hear that satisfying smack when you hammer someone with a sword or spear as in old games. Some of the characters from DW5 have been removed, for no good reason. I have heard that even Jiang Wei fails to make an appearance - an interesting move, since Jiang was essentially the commander-in-chief of the Shu forces in the latter part of RTK. Items have been replaced by a "skill tree," which has good points and bad, but I find it generally weaker than in previous offerings.		But anyway, I've yammered enough, so let me end with this. If you like DW, you're going to love this. It is significantly better and more exciting. If you've never played the games (all eight of you), I would suggest this as a nice starting point.
0,Fun thx
0,I got this game yesterday and it's awesome. The game runs silky smooth on the Wii U and plays great with the Wii U Pro controller. Stage and music selection are excellent. 50+ characters is exceptional. This game is a big improvement over Brawl in my opinion. If you have a Wii U, then you should have this game.
0,I played this in elementary school so I got it for the feels, but unfortunately it doesn't work on my Windows 8.1 OS.  I passed it onto a Goodwill so maybe someone can play it.  Still a good game.
0,not much to say here
0,Its probably they best video game ever made. Original story, beautiful graphics, great voice acting, awesome action, and hours of fun. It has a lot of the character progression elements you might find in Zelda, Red Dead Redemption, or the Arkham games. The coolest aspect of this game is the original sci-fi story that unfolds over hours of gameplay. Ive never been this excited about uncovering the plot of a game and finding out how all the side-stories explain the history.
0,works great
0,Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Jungle Storm is a great game. Theres 2 caimpains with 8 missions in each. The multiplayer is awesome. theres over 30 weapons to choose from like claymores, granades, bazukas, granade launchers, M-16, M-60, AK-47, AK-74, MM1, and pistols. Its a lot of fun. Buy it.
0,I will always remember when I first learned that we got a SNES.  It was the summer of 1992.  Growing up in rural Oklahoma, my parents had a cow tank that we used for a swimming pool that we chlorinated.  I was in that tank all the time.  My father and my brother had gone to Oklahoma City (about an hour away from where we lived), and they had gotten an SNES, with "Super Mario World" prepackaged.  I immediately dried off, ran upstairs and my brother and I were immersed in Mario bliss.		Being the Nintendo fans that we were, we were subscribers to Nintendo Power.  I poured over all the pre-cover of their latest [Nintendo] console, as well as any information we could glean of "Super Mario World".  I had even known some people who won the SNES in one of those give-aways they used to do back in the 1980s and 1990s on cereal boxes.  I was so jealous.		Playing "Super Mario World" was a pure revelation that first time, and a perfect exhibition of the power of the SNES.  The graphics were gorgeous, the enemies were monstrous yet whimsical, and the Bullet Bills were enormous.		There has always been a debate on which is better - "Super Mario Bros. 3" or "Super Mario World"..  For myself, I'd give the edge to "Super Mario World".  To be fair to "Super Mario Bros. 3", "Super Mario World" simply took the foundation laid by "SMB3" and perfected it, just like "The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past" did with the original "Legend of Zelda".		Essentially, take everything great from "Super Mario Bros." and "Super Mario Bros. 3", expand the graphics and audio from 8-Bit to 16-Bit, overhaul the level lengths and add a ridable dinosaur named Yoshi, include a lot of secrets, and wa-la!, "Super Mario World"!		Everything "Super Mario Bros. 3" is so adored for, "Super Mario World" takes and does several steps better, with only one exception - suits.  "Super Mario Bros. 3" famously introduced us to Racoon Mario, Hammer Mario, Frog Mario, and Tanooki Mario (though oddly no Boomerang Mario, which we wouldn't see until "Super Mario 3D Land").  "Super Mario World" only features Fire Mario and Cape Mario.  However, Cape Mario is able to fly for unlimited amounts of time, unlike Racoon Mario which is captive to a P-Meter and can only fly for short bursts.		The story, always the same in the core Mario series, is simply that, while Mario, Luigi, and the Princess are on vacation to Dinasaur Land after the events of "SMB3", Bowser and his seven children kidnap seven dinasaur eggs and also abduct Princess Peach.  It is up to Mario to free the Princess and rescue the dinasaurs.  Don't worry though, the story's not important.  Mario is never about the story, it's always about the gameplay.  And what gameplay it is!		"Super Mario World" is famous for introducing the world to Yoshi, the ridable dragon.  Miyamoto wanted Mario to ride a dinosaur in the original 1985 "Super Mario Bros.", but was not able to implement this new character until this game.  It is strange Yoshi doesn't appear in "Super Mario Bros. 3"; after all, ridable steeds appeared in "Adventure Island II" and also the later game "Little Nemo: Dream Master". [Regardless, you are given four types of Yoshis - the basic green one, the blue one [(who, when swallowing any type of turtle shell]]		Regardless, you are given four types of Yoshi, each with a special power according to their colour: green, red, blue, and yellow.  The green is the most common.  Upon injesting a turtle shell, the red blows fire, the blue flies, and the yellow creates a dust storm attack.  The green is able to do all of these, if he swallows the same color turtle shell (red = fire, blue = flying, yellow = dust).  The special color yoshis are only available in secrect Star levels, where they appear as babies which Mario must feed five enemies for them to become full grown.		Yoshi is also famous for eating.  Strangely enough, Mario must punch Yoshi in the back of the head before Yoshi sticks out his tongue, looking for goodies.		One of my favorite additions is just how Miyamota and company added to the lenght.  One legitimate weakness of "SMB3" is simply how short so many of the levels are - many times, you complete the level just when you feel you are about halfway done.  Even Miyamoto commented on this on one of the reissues of "Super Mario Bros. 3", asking his developers if the game's original levels were really that short.  Once a level is beaten, you cannot go back.  No so with "Super Mario World". Indeed, due to the secret exits and alternate paths, Nintendo encourages you to go back and explore levels already beaten, and the levels themselves are consistently much longer than those found in "SMB3".		Taking the overworld map first introduced in "SMB3", for the first (and, until the 2012 "New Super Mario Bros. U", only) time on a home console Mario game, the map is connected and completely visible, unlike its predecessor.  Previously, the worlds were divided into individual maps, but not "Super Mario World".  From the get go, you could view the entire game map.  Dinasaur Land comprises seven different areas, played in this order: Yoshi's Island, guarded by Iggy Koopa; Donut Plains, guarded by Morton Koopa Jr., Vanilla Dome, guarded by Lemmy Koopa, Twin Bridges, guarded by Luwig von Koopa; the Forest of Illusion, guarded by Roy Koopa; Chocolate Island, guarded by Wendy O. Koopa; and the Valley of Bowser, home to not only Bowser but Larry Koopa as well.		You cannot underestimate how the world map truly effected gameplay.  For the first time on a significant level, you could choose your own path.  The map also afforded the game developers the opportunity to made the game chock-full of secrets, alternate paths, and hidden areas.  The secrets were not so esoterically hidden to be inaccessible to the average player either - if a regular level had a secret exit, the level would be a red dot; if no secret exit existed, then the level is represented as a yellow dot.		Each world is thematically diverse.  The first world features basic levels that ease the player into the gameplay, teaching you the rules and dynamics of Mario's new adventure.  The second world is set in the plains, the third world is set in caverns, and the fourth world is set on dual bridges, along with some mountain levels.		By the fifth world, the Forest of Illusion, the challenge has been ramped up, and to proceed you MUST find those deviously hidden secret exits.  We then have the "tasty (but dangerous!)" Chocolate Island, which also features a level that how fast you beat individual sections determines what the next segment of that level will be.  Then we have the challenging Ghost Ship (which, according to the instruction manual, is a wrecked ship from "Super Mario Bros. 3"), and the only boss level that Yoshi will enter. After that, naturally, is the Valley of Bowser.		One of the best features are the two secret worlds - the Star World and the Secret World.  Unlike other Mario games, there are no warp zones present in "Super Mario World". However, there are levels called the Star Road, which enable you to get to different parts of the map quickly and effectively by accessing the Star World and completing the levels.  To connect the Star Road, you must find the secret exits.  Once you find the fifth and final level on the Star Road, you are then taken to the Secret World, a world of eight gruelling, ultra-challenging levels that will truly test your Mario metal.		"Super Mario Bros. 4: Super Mario World" (the official Japanese title) is the best 2D Mario out there, though perhaps "New Super Mario Bros. U" will usurp this game from its lofty throne.	Interestingly enough, Miyamoto has said that he was not entirely happy with "Super Mario World", as he felt the game had been rushed to publication and not completed to his exacting standards.  However, just like "Mega Man 3" (a game also apparently rushed), "Super Mario World" is as good as it gets.  I wonder what further changes Miyamoto would have made.  Unfortunately we'll never know.		Those who love masterpieces of excellent 2D platforming action would be amiss without this purchase for their SNES - and better yet, "Super Mario World" is also available on the Wii and Wii U's Virtual Console.  Pick this one up!  You won't regret it.	.	.	-----	[This was written separate from the review back in May 2012 about the Mario games' development history.  Notably, Miyamoto said that "Super Mario World" began development with a team of sixteen people, and took about three years to make.  As "Super Mario World" came out in November 1990, that means Nintendo began production on this game sometime in 1987 - the same year they were working on "Super Mario Bros. 3".  On a game forum someone asked why Nintendo did not release "Super Mario Bros. 3" on the SNES, instead of the NES, and was complaining they should have released the game on the more powerful system.  This was my answer:]		Let's look at some Mario history, shall we?  SMB3 came out in Japan in October 1988. That means it was completed, finished, and ready to be published by that point in time.		If you look at the Japanese publication dates, SMB came out in 1985, Lost Levels came out in 1986, Doki Doki Panic came out in 1987, and SMB3 came out in late 1988. Given the fact the game was finished and released by 1988 I would hardly call that "late in the NES hardware cycle". Actually, the NES had only been out three years when SMB3 hit Japan, although the Famicom came out in late 1983. However all the heavy hitters for the Famicom came out in 1985 and beyond.		Essentially all Nintendo had to do at this point was release it on cart; the code was written and completed. If have a sequel to the biggest game for your console, and the sequel SMB2 is also a massive hit - why wouldn't they release SMB3 which was already completed and published in Japan? They had a massive financial interest in getting this game out.		There are very few differences between the Japanese SMB3 and the western SMB3 (namely if Mario gets hit with a powerup he goes to little Mario rather than Super Mario, ala Mario with a mushroom). There's nothing like the major differences between the Japanese and the Western versions of Zelda II The Adventure of Link.		All four 8-bit NES titles were completed in a three year period, 1985-1988 (and were published in Japan as well, though SMB2, there called SMB USA, came out in 1992).		I've read SMB3 took about two to three years to program, meaning Nintendo began work on it possibly by late 1985 (though that does sound entirely too early) but definitely by early 1987 and possibly even late 1986 given it was released in October 1988 and both Doki Doki and Lost Levels would have been finished (in the case of Doki Doki, it would have been closed to being completed if not already completed).		In comparison today, that would be like saying Nintendo should not have released "New Super Mario Bros. Wii" back in 2009 (three years into the Wii lifecycle) because obviously the Wii U is coming up and they should save it for a new system. The timeframe is the same. And according to your logic, for this generation we definitely SHOULD NOT have gotten Skyward Sword for the Wii, despite the fact it has had a five year development timeframe was began shortly after Twilight Princess came out..		I do find it strange that they had problems with Yoshi (which for the record Miyamoto has said he wanted to put in the original 1985 SMB). After all, Hudson's Adventure Island series, the same company responsible for the abomination that is Super Mario Bros. Special, the first ever sequel to the Mario franchise, were able to get ridable dinasaurs, and the 1993 Capcom title Little Nemo Dream Master had ridable creatures too. Then again, Adventure Island II came out in April 1991, two and a half years after SMB3.		Basically, I said all that to say you should research your Mario history more. When Nintendo began development on SMB3 (late 1986/early 1987) the Super NES was nowhere on the horizon, at least not publically. Even in late 1988 when the game was published, we were still over two years away from the Super Famicom which came out in Japan in November of 1990.		So that's why they didn't develop it for the Super Famicom.
0,exelente
0,Unlike all the other five star writers I do not give this 5 stars JUST because of the super awesome babes (because they are cute) especially with the graphics.  And seriously this is also supposed to be a serious fantasy volleyball sim/rpg.  This is a must by for babe lovers or hardcore beach volleyball lovers, or just the relaxing, low pressure rpg.
0,great game hope they remaster the first one this has been great fun love the game
0,Awesome
0,Bought for my boyfriend, he likes it
0,if you like the other mario kart games you'll like this one. if you don't then why keep bothering with them?
0,Cool game
0,Good mech game
0,Man, I can't tell you how excited I was to pick up and get to review Doom 3. Anyone who has read my bio will know that I am a fanatic about FPS titles, and have played the best to the worst of them all. I especially enjoy run and gun style FPS titles, and my entire love for these games were spawned back in 1994 when I sat down at a friend's house and played the original Doom by id Software. Years later, I have owned Doom, Doom II, and Final Doom on every platform ranging from SNES and Jaguar to 3DO, Playstation, and PC of course. Finally, the long awaited sequel is here ... Doom 3. Was it worth the wait? Well, a whole bunch of underwear changes later, I definitely would say yes.		The story to Doom 3 follows along the footsteps of the original title, and you get to play as a marine who has been dispatched to Mars to relieve the current military crew on an interstellar laboratory. All is not well when you arrive however, and you are accosted by stories and bizarre ramblings from some of the employees about madness and the extreme desire to get out of there as soon as possible. Well, seems as though the UAC (who owns the facility) has found some alien technology, and they are messing around with the possibility of warpgates. Due to carelessness (or possibly intentional, play the game to find out more) a warpgate is opened into Hell itself, and soon the story takes a horrifying turn as you are left alone fighting for survival among some of the nastiest and scariest denizens that Oblivion can hurl in your direction. There are survivors that you will stay in contact with during the game, but overall you are left to fend for yourself. In standard id fashion, Doom 3 presents some great, action packed run and gun action. While there are things to figure out, and the environments have a dark, claustrophobic, maze like kind of atmosphere that makes you worried at times about getting lost, most of the puzzle element to the game revolves around "get from A to B" or "Find so and so". And of course, you will be finding access key cards to allow you into more high security sections of the facility. Control wise, Doom 3 stays in the "easy to figure out" mode with W,A,S, and D controlling primary movement, the scroll wheel to quickly switch weapons, and a key to reload, one to crouch, and one to jump just to name a couple. Let's talk for a moment about the monsters and weapons that you will encounter while playing, because I for one (being a Doom fanatic from way back in the nineties) was concerned about them trying to remake a classic. Fortunately all of the artillery that made the original great are back, like shotguns, plasma guns, the rocket launcher and the BFG 9000. There is also a neat new weapon, called the Soulcube, which will automatically kill off an enemy and provide health. As for the beasts of Hell, I was happy to see some of my old favorites like the Imp, Cacodemon, and Pinky Demon back once more ... but this time they have had a major graphics upgrade which will not only leave you impressed at the new movements and looks, but also in the fact that they are intimidating as heck now. One cool new feature that was added into this newest fun filled romp through Hell is a PDA that your character will carry with him along the way. This is handy if you forget your current mission objective, but it also is useful for playing video clips that you find as well as audio transmissions from some of the crew aboard the facility which not only give you more info from a personal perspective about the goings on in the UAC complex, but also will revel helpful things like combination to lockers where you can find things like armor and much needed ammo or weapons for your arsenal. Usually, I save comments on graphics until I get all of the gameplay stuff out of the way, but one thing that really helped out in the gameplay arena here WAS the graphics. The game looked absolutely awesome in my opinion, and this new engine that they are using pumped out graphics and looks smooth enough to scare the heck out of me when I came across an Imp, Zombie, or one of the many other monsters that there are to have to deal with along the way. The lighting itself was dark and eerie causing you to have to rely on a simple flashlight in many areas, which also added a little strategy into the mix rather than the old school style of just hopping into a room and unloading at whatever you saw. See, the creatures in this game are not only scary as hell (no pun intended), but they also aren't stupid. Monsters with distance weapons will take cover to avoid your fire, and many will actually sit in dark corners and wait for you to pay attention to something in front of you before attacking from behind. Yes, it forces you to play smarter. Yes, it's an awesome idea which makes you cautious and nervous about entering any area, and yes ... there are many instances where you may need to pause so you can go and change your undies or catch your breath before getting a heart attack. I literally kicked my pc over once accidentally when I jumped at a corpse that crashed out of the ceiling in front of me right after all of the power in the facility went out. One area that I have to say could have used a little work personally was in the multiplayer department. Before I go any further, please understand that I didn't dislike the multiplayer experience; I just felt it could have been a little more. Basically, every server I logged into was a deathmatch or last man standing game that we've all seen and played a hundred times before, and while it was cool to play it in the new Doom 3 engine with the upgraded lighting and effects features, this was a good opportunity to really go all out and offer some cool modes of play ... one of which could have been a co-op mode. The ambiance to the game both in sound and in lighting in Doom 3 was nothing short of fantastic. The game overall is very, very dark (regardless of how high you turn the brightness), and as I stated or hinted around before, you are armed many times with a simple flashlight trying to illuminate dark corners of a room before entering to try and ensure that you don't get jumped. The sounds to Doom 3 set an incredibly scary tone to the game from start to finish, and you will be assaulted by everything from static chatter on your headset with the sounds of your comrades screaming for help or dying to background noises that will set you hair on end trying to figure out whether it was human or something much, much worse. Overall, Doom 3 is a game that any Doom fan should go and get (if you haven't already), and don't worry ... even with my current system specs I was able to run it without hardly any problems or lagging (nothing worse than I've seen in other games, even with detail set to high), but stay off of Very High res mode if you don't have something equal to or better than a 128 graphics card. Well, id Software has shown why it was the creator of the single player FPS market as we know it once again, and while many of the elements here are things that we've seen and done throughout the years, the environment, lighting, animation, story, and sound will probably once again raise the bar in the world of FPS gaming.
0,Skyrim was the first "real" RPG I have played in years and the first game I have ever played over 60+ hours. I played the original Paper Mario and even Super Mario RPG on the SNES. But I usually stuck to the likes of Diablo, Dungeon Siege and Action Games. I played Dragon Age Origins and Dragon Age 2 a bit but not in depth.		I have to say that I feel this game is a great mix of Skyrim, God of war and Diablo.		Skyrim - For the sheer size of the world. It may not be as "open" but it is still huge.	God of War - For the combat. This what I liken it to not that the combat is on the same level as GOW, but that the animations and feel is.	Diablo - For the sheer amount of loot that you find.		I have found I really enjoy the games graphics. They are not as detailed and real as Skyrim but they are amazing in a different way. I really liked Todd Mcfarlane's comics back in the day and I feel that some of his style has really rubbed off here.		Being about 10 hours into the game I find myself wanting to play it while I am at work and that has always been a key indicator if I really like a game.		Is it the best RPG ever, probably not, but I am having one heck of a time trying to find games (in my palette of games) that are as fun and with the amount of loot.		I can easily see myself playing this game for 70+ hours (that is where I was at with Skyrim).
0,I finished my first play through of The Witcher 3 right at about 100 hours with all bounty quests accomplished and a guess-timate of approximately 75 percent of side quests completed.  Having completed the game once, I can say that TW3 met my expectation as it is an awesome and worthwhile addition to the open world action RPG genre.  Not since the original Gothic 1 and 2, or Morrowind, did  I thoroughly enjoy an open world game this much.		The following are some aspects of the games that I'd like to discuss in further details:		GRAPHICS/SOUND/MUSIC		Sound is well done and appropriate.  Music is very done albeit a few reused (good) soundtracks from the previous games.		Although I am not a graphics prostitute, I readily admit that good graphics can certainly enhance gameplay and boost the total experience - and The Witcher 3 has graphics in spade.  The game is simply beautiful to look at on the high settings that I run on my mid-range PC.  In brief, TW3's combination of excellent graphics, sound, and music makes it an exquisite game to begin with.		GAMEPLAY (Combat, Leveling, and Exploration)		The combat system of TW2 and TW3 is inspired by Batman: Arkham Asylum (along with TW3's witcher's sense), which is a very good thing.  Granted, The Witcher's combat system never reach the level of Batman's, but TW3 did a very good job overall.		In comparison with TW2, TW3's combat is noticeably improved.  The slight delay in elapsed time that occurs when one presses a button and the actual sword swing that follows in TW2 (that some complained about) is almost non-existent here. The action is more instantaneous. The upside is that combat is now more dynamic and happens at a faster pace, thus make it more fun and intense. The downside is that it does make button mashing easier since timing is not as critical as in TW2. However, be mindful that straight up button mashing will not get far since enemy AI is improved (eg. monster dodge quicker, human parry and counter attack more often). In addition, signs are now more integral to combat than ever before.		In terms of difficulty, the developer CDPR made a drastic change from TW2; that is, TW3 now has a story mode difficulty for a wider audience, namely those who just like to think that they are gamers without ever having to prove it.  Fortunately, the higher difficulty levels put the challenge back to the game.  I recommend playing the first area on medium difficulty to get better gears, and then change to hard or even higher after that to aprreciate the full challenge and benefit of being a witcher where the combination of magical signs, potion, and bomb are essential in addtion to swordplay.		In level up, TW3's skilltree has changed from TW2.  There is now less skills that can be used at once, but it is now more versatile since you have a greater freedom of customization where various skills can be switched in and out to accommodate a specific situation or enemy.		Exploration, the highlight of every open world game in my opinion, is extremely well done here.  Horseback riding (but not horseback fighting) is well integrated into the game and make exploration an enjoyable experience.  Adding a well-detailed and lively world along with great graphics, sound, and music into the mix and TW3's exploration becomes much more than a trait of an open world game; it is a wondrous expereince to behold to the point where I can totally lose myself mentally in the game and enjoy every moment of being lost.		STORY AND DIALOGS		Upon learning that TW3 will be an open world game a long time ago in a discussion with another veteran gamer,  I expressed my concern that it would be a difficult task to combine a tightly narrated story of The Witcher caliber with the go anywhere and do anything characteristic of an open world game.  With that in mind, I think TW3's story is very good; however, unless one makes a conscious effort to concentrate on the main quest, the story element of TW3 seems less focused and less layered than the previous games due to the new open world environment and the myriad side quests involved. However, in so far as open world games go, TW3's story is still one of the best ever.		Also, dialogs are very well written and voice acting is very good.  Taking a cue from the Mass Effect series, TW3 uses in-game cutscenes to enhance narration and dialog delivery.  I am not a fan of cutscene, but like the Mass Effect series,  I also make an exception for TW3's cutscenes since they are very good.  For those who do not like cutscene at all, know that there is an easy fix -- 'One does simply toggle on the subtitle and skip through the cutscenes.'		Furthermore, for those who read the Andrzej Sapkowski's short stories and novels like myself, it is such a wonderful treat to see old characters making appearances in TW3 - especially the Wolf School Witchers.  Moreover, although the game did a good job of bringing one of the main characters Ciri into the story, only those have read the books can really comprehend the travails that Ciri had faced, and can truly appreciate the reunion of Ciri and her loved ones.		For the Sapkowski readers who nitpick - and I can certainly nitpick - the developer got a few important details wrong from the books (I'll share the top fews in the comment section when I have time,) but overall, all the mature themes and elements that one expects from a Witcher story  - including sex and violence, of course - are here.		DRM-FREE		Last but not least, it's important to acknowledge that just like its predecessors, TW3 is DRM-Free !!!  Once again, a big 'Thank You' to the developer CDPR (CD Projekt Red) for not treating Cutsomers as thieves, and for respecting Customers' rights to own the game that they bought and paid for - and what a great game to own TW3 is.		A thank you to the publisher WB (Warner Brother) as well.  Granted, WB did screw up big time with another recent release in both quality and DRM, WB did everything right with TW3's release		On the other hand, although the game is indeed DRM-Free, there is one thing that I think CDPR should do better in making it more clearly that the GOG game client - which is also DRM-Free BTW - is totally optional for inattentive customers.		In conclusion, The Witcher 3 is an excellent open world action RPG that - although does not quite redefine the genre - does mark another milestone in achievement in terms of its first rate writing and direction.  Please be aware that the game is rated 'M' for good reasons. In general, the level of sex, violence, and languages are somewhat scaled back from previous games, but they are still there. Therefore, I highly recommend the game to the mature gamers.		As a Witcher game in the series, I give TW3 4 stars (vs. 4.5 stars for TW1 and TW2).  As an open world ARPG, it's a 5-stars game.
0,A must have, can't go wrong with a classic like Tetris.
0,Dynasty Warriors is one of my favorite franchises playing it all the way since Dynasty Warriors 4. The Empires spin-offs have always been better in my opinion, and this game is no exception.		For the graphics, there is nothing special about them. The character models are decent for an early 360 game, but everything else is lacking. The draw distance is especially a problem since you can't see any soldiers that are only a few feet away from you.		There are over 40 characters in this game, each with their own unique fighting style. You have all around characters such as Zhao Yun as well as overpowering bad asses such as Lu Bu. The voice acting for each character is better than past titles, but nothing noteworthy or special about it.		As with all Dynasty Warriors titles, the heart of the game lies in its gameplay. Similar to other titles of the series, your goal is to hack and slash your way to victory, However, victory lies in connecting your main camp to your opponents. This can be done by taking over bases as well as defeating officers along the way. Even though this is seen as repetitive, it has allot of strategy since there are multiple routes you can take on the battlefield.		The main mode is Empire mode, which has you picking a ruler and guiding your army to take over all of China. It is broken up into two phases. The strategic mode is where you enact various policies such as replenishing the troops in your army, forging alliances, creating tactics, etc. Having this really feels like you're in control and are able to forge your own destiny however you would like to. You also have to think about each choice you make as it costs resources (a.k.a. gold).		Overall, this is a great experience. There is allot of strategy and depth when it comes to the Empire mode. As always, the best way to play this game is with a friend. It is even more fun when you are conquering China together as a team. My only complaints are the draw distance and the somewhat sluggish feel compared to the newer titles. However, I'd certainly recommend this to Dynasty Warriors fans as well as fans of tactical gameplay.
0,Alright! Rare actually has given us a sequel to a much loved game and it doesn't disappoint. Lets start off with the basic information for anyone who didn't play the first.		Viva Pinata: TIP is a sandbox style game meaning that you have a small area of a world to manipulate but no more than that. You get a square of earth on pinata island for the purpose of attracting wild pinatas, filling them with candy, and sending them through a cannon to parties where kids will beat the hell out of them, eat their delicious insides, and send the battered critter back to you so you can do it again. Rest assured it is G-rated fun. Each pinata has requirements to appear, wander into your garden, and live in your garden. For example, If you plant a hazelnut tree squazzils will be interested in you all of a sudden. The ultimate goal is to get all the species, following me here?		Now the sequel improves upon the first game by giving us a bunch of new species, new plants, and new garden items, but it doesn't stop there. You can travel to the desert or the arctic to trap special area specific pinatas through a trap system that is mildly frustrating I will admit. You pay for and put down a trap, put bait on the trap that the species you want likes, and now you wait and pray that some other more common species doesn't set the trap off thereby wasting your cash. Probably the least well thought out aspect of the game.		Other new features are aggressive weeds! That's right, you don't watch your garden carefully enough and poisonous weeds will take over! This actually lends a bit of action and tenseness to a situation that was only mildly dangerous before. To compensate, Just For Fun mode allows kids to play through the whole game without weeds, or other dangers. Perfect for the little ones.		The menu system has been tinkered with, and pinata central requests are now accessible from the village instead of as random pop up requests. To complete a request this time around you HAVE to have a pinata at maximum "candiosity" Read as happiness. This can be a hindrance but only on your cash as joy candy is quicker than other methods. Pester and the ruffians work in the same manner, same with sours, so if you've played the first you know what you're getting into.		X-box has given us a plethora of options for X-box Live if you pay for the service, and now Pinata vision! Own a X-box camera? Well snap a photo of special cards and pop! new content for your game.		Now the verdict. Separating modes for kids and for adults was an expert move and both work well. The new species are creative and fun. Trapping is annoying but you'll get it eventually. The menu is better and easier to use than the first games and other new content makes this well worth the cash for it. If you haven't played the first though, I would still recommend you start with it. Remember to watch those weeds! An A+ game for the whole family.
0,It was a pretty good game for the most part it serves as the Prequel to Infamous Second Son but beware it's really really short I'm talking 4-6 hours Short Definitely not worth $40, more like $20 imo but I think it's only priced the way it is because it's rare to find this game in stores.
0,I really liked the bioshock series but I don't know what happened to the little sisters or the big daddy's. but overall great game
0,I've never bought a Tomb Raider game before this one. Actually, I did buy the Lara Croft PSN/Xbox Live game, but that's not really a Tomb Raider game in the classic sense. I also received a free copy of Tomb Raider: Underworld via PlayStation Plus, but I've yet to finish it, and don't have much drive to.		However, Tomb Raider is not only the first Lara Croft game I've paid full price for, but one of a very few games I've picked up almost immediately after it was released. And it wasn't a bad decision.		After playing Tomb Raider I not only cared about Lara's story, I want it to continue. I want to pick up Tomb Raider 2 (or whatever they call it).		So it has a good story. How about the game play? I dare say that it's taken what Uncharted has done and stepped it up a level. Done what Darksiders II should have done to successfully follow up Darksiders' Zelda-like features. It is a sandbox game that knows when to stop expanding, and when to draw the story to a close.		The only issue I really have with the game is the multiplayer. Trophies/achievements give you an idea of what the developers were thinking. Almost a third of the trophies/achievements for this game are in multiplayer. However, the multiplayer is, at best, lackluster. And with the announcement that future DLC will only be for the multiplayer, I'm disappointed they felt they had to throw MP into an otherwise solid game.		Despite this, it takes nothing away from the core experience. It is a solid game, and I found it to be well worth the $60, and at less than that it would be a steal.		5 of 5 stars (or 9 out of 10).
0,Halo is a fast-paced,fast-action First Person Shooter.	Not only is the story line great,but the graphics,audio effects	are terrific!	If you like playing team-player based games,Halo is for you.	You get to Drive 4 wheel terain vechs,Fly aircraft,and use a host of lethal weapons.	Better have DSL,on high speed Cable connect for on-line playing.	Works great with Video Cards with 64MB or greater.
0,This mouse is a game changer in every way possible. I can not play WoW anymore without it. The mechanical keys feel wonderful to press and they feel really responsive. You cannot go wrong with this mouse, especially if you are a gamer.
0,looks good this was a gift
0,I have not had much of a chance to play this, but looks cool and was super cheap brand new.  Thanks!
0,It arrived in perfect condition, and you made my son's Christmas!!! He loves the game!!!
0,this game is very adicting and loads of constant zombie blasting fun. with great graphics, easy controls, cool bosses, and a fast gameplay.  yes this game is short but to bring the most fun out of this game beat it on easy so you can unlock house of the dead 2, than put difficulty on hard and go with the flow.		 But what i was really hoping for was that they would make a house of the dead with a story mode, kinda like a free roam. i would have to say that this game is worth 20$, thats how much i got it for.		lol to the reviewer that said house of the dead 2 was better, beat house of the dead 3 and you will get your wish, freeeee house of the dead 2.
0,This game is the ULTIMATE game ever invented(other then Fable, but Im sure you already know I LOVE Fable, having read my other reviews). Diablo 2 Has soooooooooooo many good things about it, I don't even know where to begin. Actually, assuming you are a very busy person and don't have time to read CHAPTER BOOKS, I will just say this:play it yourself and see for yourself if this isn't the best gaming expierence youve had in your life. Trust me, If you get me started I won't even stop talking bout Diablo 2, don't believ me? just ask my poor sisters haha. But seriosly though, the best part of this game is the REPLAY value. On a scale of 1-10, the replay is 10000000000. Im serios and you don't even know(unless youve played it, then you probably do know) See ya later, reader, and BUY THIS GAME!!
0,This is so conlmfortable to use for long hours of gaming. It is compatible with any game that supports a keyboard. The only issue is that some games do not allow button mapping and this keypad does not have certain commonly used keys such as P, I, and L. Those games without keymaping are rare so no biggy.
0,Definite improvement for gameplay. The smaller X1 thumbsticks work ok, but this makes them Xbox 360 sized. And a little grippier also. An all-round improvement for gameplay. I'll probably be getting another for my other controller soon.
0,I finally got myself a 360 last week and i absolutly love it. It finally has wireless built in so no more buying adapters, which saves a ton of time not to mention money. The graphics are great, the menu is easy to use. Its all around fantastic. it has a great selection of games as well. Deffinatly my favorite of the 3rd gen consoles.
0,tekken
0,This is the best game of the year or decade. The graphics are awesome love the game play and it speaks for it self. So if you love football and really want to get into the game check out madden 2010.
0,I had a few problems with this otherwise remarkable game and truly it is a fine game. Most people praise the story as being the strongest point but I say it's the characters. Far from cardboard, these characters are truly alive with emotions, all of which you can both see, thanks to great animation work, and hear, thanks to the fantastic voice acting. The world they inhabit is also quite beautiful, despite the rust and decay of this post apocalyptic setting.		But there are flaws and chief among them is the abysmal frame rate (for the record, I hope I'm talking about the right thing). Although the animation itself is quite good (especially monkey, who swings through the air like an actual monkey), the movement (and the controls) are extremely choppy at times. I really hate having to compare it with the same game that pretty much everyone compares it to, but Enslaved lacked the smoothness of Uncharted. The movements are uncomfortably jerky, both visually (camera) and texturally (controls).		Graphically, the game can be quite beautiful at times but it can also look a bit messy. Perhaps I need an HD TV but I found it rather difficult to make sense of my environment, especially when platforming. In fact, most of the time I would simply lean my analog stick towards the direction I suspect I'm suppose to go and press jump. Many have complained about the ease of the platforming but I thought that was the best thing they could do given the circumstances.		Finally there's the story and this is a rather small gripe. The reason why I decided to praise the characters rather than the story was that I felt a little dissatisfied with the ending. (NO SPOILERS) Granted it was a beautiful ending, but it felt a little quick. It left me wondering why there were credits rolling so soon. I also hoped for a lot more romance between the two main characters but what was there was touching and convincing all the same.		There is a small collection of games considered by many to be the hidden gems of video game story telling and I'm sure you're heard of them. Many gamers have reminisced about their experiences with Ico, Psychonauts, Beyond Good and Evil, Folklore and a few others. Despite its flaws, I enjoyed the experience I got from Enslaved and strongly believe that it deserves a place among these hidden gems. Unfortunately, like most of these gems, I fear this game will be overlooked. Understandably, this game is not for everyone, but if you are a fan of good story telling, great characters and those hidden gems that nobody plays, then I highly recommend experiencing this game.
0,A Great Product at an AMAZING Price =) ....Couldn't be happer with it would definitely order again! Daughter Loved it...Arrived quickly in Perfect Condition.
0,bought this for my granddaughter, she loves all the accessories for her ds
0,Let me say right off the bat that for anyone who wants a "true" flying experience, this is the simulator to get.  My personal favorite feature is the "realism" settings, which effectively lets you adjst a variety of options from "real" to what I call "easy", which means that you can easily get into the air to do some "sight seeing".	I only have 2 gripes about this game:	#1 - The graphics on MY machine are not even close to what you see on the box.  I have a Pentium III Xeon machine (667Mhz), with a 32MB ATI All-In-Wonder card (the chipset is pre-Radeon).  After playing games for a couple of years like Need For Speed III, I thought FS2002 would look fantastic.  However, to me the ground looks just like that game "Flight" from a few years ago, except with a few buildings here and there.  The FS2002 scenery doesn't look nearly as good as any driving simulator that I have seen in the last 3 years.  Sure, you can adjust the detail levels, but I'm just saying unless you have a fairly new machine, don't expect the eye candy you read about and see on the box.  One final note ... although the ground looks lousy (at low altitudes), the buildings really are amazing, even on my slow machine.	#2 - In order to save some hard drive space, I chose the "custom" install menu.  There were checkboxes for many regions around the world to include in the installation.  I left out about half of them.  Well, now every time I turn the game on, there is an error message that pops up lecturing me that a certain file (and it includes the menu path) is not loaded.  My point is that if at all possible, do the full installation, because if you do a "custom" installation, you might run into some bugs.	All & all this is a really neat game IF you are a true aviation enthusiast, with a nice assortment of aircraft to fly.  I give it 4 stars.
0,no issues charges and syncs well
0,The EA Sports Ignite engine is on full display in the next-gen version of FIFA14. From the very first match you will be blown away by the realistic ball physics and player movements. The game is not missing any major features from the current gen versions, so if you are looking to switch to next gen, this is my recommendation for your first game.
0,I liked the game from the moment I first bought it. My problem came from my original disc being scratched by its previous owner and so my Xbox could only play it 1 out of 10 times. So, I bought this one, which came with the DLC's. So of course it was an awesome choice. :) Dawnguard is especially my favorite.
0,Amazing controller, it worked perfectly and the joystick was great! It's rare to find an authentic original Nintendo 64 controller!
0,Hello.		excellent game, I recommend it! the graphics are very good!	is very easy to play! that says my son!		amazon thank you very much!
0,Very well made	if you liked lbp or lbp2 on ps3 you will absolutely love this.	uses the rear touch. front touch in a very clever and fun way.	the graphics are absolutely amazing, they don't feel inferior to the console version	also costumes cross-over from other games
0,that good product and a good price I liked it, good quality and according to which I wanted. good product
0,I have always liked the Mad Max movies and the Post-apocalyptic scenario. This game has captured the feel perfectly but thats where most of its high points end. First, the car physics are totally unrealistic. Imagine jumping miles up a cliff from a turbo-boost ramp and than falling miles down into a ravine and coming out unscatched like a bouncing ball. You suffer no damage or injury and also your ammo in this game is limitless(so no worrying if you are out of ammo, good or bad i don't know). There is no death penalty in this game which is good I guess. The game eventually becomes a repititive grind-fest which is the staple of all NC Soft mmo's. They tell you to go somewhere kill a bunch of guys and than go back and kill some more for the almost never ending sequel quests. After you have killed those guys zillion times than you will be send to some other area and you rinse and repeat adnauseam. Some of these quests are also the staple fed-ex quests genre too. Go there deliver something and come back etc. The scenery in this game is very bland and doesnt change much once you leave your central cities. Its always some desertish enovoirment with bunch of broken down buildings, or some deserted factory and you are off to trashing the whole place up and killing the mobs that spawn within. The mobs, the menus of the quests, most of the audio is straight out of City of hero's and even City of villians in most cases.	On the good side its pretty much fun to beef up your cars with lethal arnaments and than eventually get enough money to buy more better cars(though buying new cars is not cheap and expect to grind a lot to raise the Clink(in game money) to buy them). Strangely enough for anyone who has played the space simulation 'Eve Online' mmo the process to equip your cars, buy and even (the detailed)crafting is very much similar to Eve(its looks to me Eve online was their benchmark here ;) ).	You can also own Apartments, and actually get out of your cars in the instanced towns and move about. You can meet other people or buy or sell loot, visit repair garages to have your car repainted or retwinked etc. The one drawback is that there is only one major city for each race which in turn is not very big to begin with. All others cities you run into are small outposts. For some reason the game doesnt feel epic like most other mmo's do. Everything appears limited and sparse. All the quests are usually just round the corner from the quest giver and i really miss the feeling of driving along the road for maybe few minutes to reach my destination enjoying the outdoors etc. I know this is how Post-apocalyptic enovoirment most likely would be but the lack of scale compared to other mmo's out there is dissappointing and might contribute towards players having a smaller run with this game. And once you leave the main Cities you are back into your 3rd person perspective cars and can't be on foot anymore.	The pvp in this game is of two forms. One through instanced arenas for certain range of levels or after you hit a certain level you can visit open pvp areas called Ground-zero. There its free-for-all and also there are some Outposts which certain factions can capture and hold or retake etc.	Anyway, if you want to live and breath in Mad Max kind of setup this game will appeal to you. However the end-less grind, no economy to say(though Auction house are supposedly coming down the road), very bland, desertish, reptitive envoirments  as well a less than Epic feel compared to other mmo's are some major short-comings with this game.	I on the othe hand don't plan to pay them after my free month ends. Maybe after 3-4 months the game mechanics might get improved or tweaked and I might return.
0,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Far-Cry-3/dp/B0050SYV70/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Far Cry 3</a>&nbsp;was easily one of the best games for my 360, so FC4 was one I was most looking forward to when upgrading to the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/XB1/dp/B00KAI3KW2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">XB1</a>.  I was not disappointed.		The game kicks off strong with a run-through-the-jungle melee of insanity that immediately reminded me how lacking some of the other games I'd played recently have been (ahem,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/AC-Unity/dp/B00J48C36S/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">AC Unity</a>).  With drop-dead gorgeous next-gen graphics, FC4 has every element that I loved in FC3 played up even larger, louder, and more gauche.		The game itself feels like it's built right on top of the FC3 engine and framework, so at times it can be a little too familiar.  Maps are not as big as other Xbone titles, and the mechanic still has legacy hiccups, but all of that can be overlooked while raiding a radio tower and trashing an outpost.  There's a new deal with karma events, which are a cool concept executed poorly (it always takes Ubi a couple tries to polish these things out - it should be better by FC5).  My other complaint is that dogs often ruin your best tactics - you'll see what I mean.		But despite a few faults, Far Cry 4 is easily one of the best games yet for the XB1.  It's raucous fun that is challenging, at times maddening, and never takes itself too seriously.
0,I really haven't found a need to purchase the Wii, PS3, or X-Box 360, because the PS2 still has an enormous library of games that I still haven't gotten to.		This slimmed down version of the PS2 surprised me by how lightweight and small it was. The external power supply was wonderful, especially being dual-voltage. It's easy to slip into a backpack and takes up remarkly little space in your entertainment center.		I have heard of instances of overheating, but I have left the slim PS2 running for almost 24 hours before and it never degraded in performance, much less overheated. Perhaps this was true in an earlier model, but not this one.		If the sales are any indication, there's much more mileage left on this system, and more than enough games out there (and CHEAP!) to keep you occupied. I'm not going to bash the next generation systems, but the PS2 still works wonderfully for me, and I don't feel like I need anything better (relatively speaking) right now.
0,We just got this for Christmas and I overheard my 5 year old telling his Granny that his daddy wouldn't let him play this because he was too busy playing it himself!  We've all enjoyed this game and have "teamed up" to try to advance to new levels.  This is one game you won't regret buying.
0,Nothing beats it
0,describe to letter and on time
0,First of all, don't get me wrong this is one of the best mod/games ever.  But the mods included on the game can all be downloaded free from the internet.  So what do you want to sacrifice? 30 smackers or some time downloading online?
0,GREAT GAME ON TIME
0,If poetry found its way into videogames, the result would be Planescape: Torment, the game with as much text as an encyclopedia... er, maybe that's not the best turn-on to this game.  There are a lot of reviews that would give away a few of the best moments to convey just how spectacular this game is, but I don't think even those spoilers could fill you in on how amazing this game is.  If I had to put it succinctly, other forms of media such as movies and books and music have had the capacity to change lives for years; this is, in my opinion, the first game that has that power.		It's interesting that this isn't a game about combat; talking through situations will usually net you more experience than killing people left and right.  As an experience it is perfect from beginning to end, and even a decade later, and with Black Isle Studios closed, it is the only game of its type that I have ever experienced.		Yes, it's old and the graphics are showing their wrinkles; the pathfinding will make you sigh in annoyance; there will be some crashes; it will need some patching; but this game is worth it and more.  I don't know if this sort of appeal works with gamers who are more interested in wiping out Nazis than experiencing a game that contains one of the greatest stories ever told, but it has great appeal to those who are ready to discover something astounding.  This is poetry.
0,Even better than the original. This is a must play!
0,My son's playstation slim broke and we thought we had to invest in the EXPENSIVE Playstation 3; however, Amazon offered this item and the price was right! This item plays original Playstation discs (which was much appreciated as we have TONS of older games). Great buy and greatly appreciated!
0,Minus detailed techno speak and specs - This game is pure exhiliration, eye candy, fast paced, glorious FUN!	ie. Jumped on a titan > ripped off a panel to shoot the pilot > Pilot ejects to deal with me > I targeted to drop my Titan as I jumped off > my Titan landed on his titan crushing the both of them! Awesome fun! hmm... wonder what else kind of stuff we can do.
0,works great
0,I like it more than the MX Blue one.		DO NOT SPILL WATER ON THIS THING.		Where my buddy's razer blackwidow has recovered from multiple spills, my last quickfire died after one little spill of water.		It might come back to life one day, but until then I just purchased another one and vowed not to hold drinks over it ever again.
0,Good game but very similar to Far Cry 3. If you have not played the third before then by all means u should buy it.
0,great game
0,good
0,This collection of Baldur's Gate Series is one of the best PC games anthologies ever created. All the expansion packs are the best according to PC gaming magazines and players. I, for one, have enjoyed this series and now I can play them whenever I want are revisit the ones that I have already played. You can't go wrong with this collection as all of the games are top notch. Also, this is a collector's edition of sorts. The actual games in this collection include: Baldur's Gate, Times of the Sword Coast, Baldur's Gate II, Throne of Bhaal, Icewind Dale, Icewind Dale 2, Planescape Torment and The Temple of Elemental Evil. These are the Who's Who of Dungeons & Dragon lore. This is a must-have.
0,There isn't much to say about this game. Decent graphics, weapon degradation (which I hate), weapon customization (which i also dislike because I am lazy), decent multiplayer, somewhat open world, it's a good game. It's sort of like zombies meets Borderlands in Hawaii.		It's fun though, and that is something that is important to me in a game. Maybe I'm dull but I have no problem skulking around killing zombies for 30 min at a time with nothing really interesting going on. I do feel like the plot was seriously lacking and the cut scenes were sort of jarring, but I still really liked this title and look forward to seeing the sequel.
0,This is an immensely satisfying journey through the life of a Clone Commando, the elite units in the Clone Wars. Featuring fantastic squad-level action, the game shows you parts of Star Wars that you've been wanting to see for years. Your three squadmates are realized expertly, with convincing AI and squad tactics, as well as engaging animation and voice work. However, be aware that this game is reasonably short, rather easy, and ends with a Halo 2 style "Part I" cliffhanger that leaves you wondering when the next one came out, and why they didn't just print "Part I" right there on the box.
0,We are modifying our XBOX 360 controllers and needed this screwdriver. It works like it should and the controllers look great!
0,The best-feeling USB SNES pad I've ever used!
0,love it
0,Good item, great seller!
0,Awesome, Scary, Nitty Gritty, Isolation, Desperation, Some Music's very beautiful, Some's very ugly(in a good way) uhh Scary, Fun! Play in a dark room at night, alone or with your pet!
0,Great game. Framerate could be better (It's at a mostly locked 30 with some spots slightly below), but great overall. Art direction is fantastic and you get a lot for your money with 2 potential play-throughs.
0,I purchased this headset to replace my stock Microsoft Xbox 360 headset. On its own the headset is great, but is also a great replacement for the stock Xbox 360 headset. This headset is much better than the stock one- it is more comfortable, more sturdy, and performs much better. This headset is roughly the same size as the stock one, but has more adjustment options; the over-the-head piece can extend farther, the earpiece is on a swivel, and the boom is flexible. The plastic used in this headset is very sturdy, and much thicker than the standard headset. I've been using my headset for about a month now, and I have no doubts this headset will hold up to many more months of gaming. The headset controls are located on a module a few inches down the cord, which controls the volume and mute functions, as well as a clip for your shirt. The cord plugs in to the bottom of the Xbox 360 controller. As far as performance goes, I have had much better success with this headset working consistently than the stock headset- I no longer have dropped Party Chats, and can hear entire gaming sessions without having to reboot my 360, as I did with the standard headset. Overall, this headset is a great option on its own, and a great replacement for the stock Xbox 360 headset.
0,Very happy!
0,on time and in good  work good  and i will like more  to see like that  think you  very much
0,This is the most engrossing RPG video game I have ever played. Anyone that finds adventure games interesting will enjoy this. It is very addictive so be warned to buy flowers for your wife if you get hooked, and you will. The graphics are spectacular and it is one of those games that will have you leaning back in your seat while trying to get your character to run away!
0,I'm a huge Zelda Fan, since the 1st release on the original Nintendo in the 80's. Great game love the new HD. I recommend for any Zelda fan.	Great add on to the collection and plus u get n exclusive rare Wolf Link Amiibo, Can't wait for Hyrule Warriors legends for 3ds and the New Zelda game for Wii U.
0,I play this game and I like it, but my wife loves it and cannot stop playing it. I am glad we have this game to play together and have a lot of fun
0,Great Product to bad Disney has discontinued this product.
0,I love ps4 I sold my xbox one because I feel like it was built poorly. Had these for over a few months now I'm loving it
0,Clearly, Sub-Zero is the best. He can freeze dudes and then make ice clones of himself and then he be all like YO DUDE TOUCH THIS and then he touches it and he is frozen and Sub-Zero wins. This game be so hardcore. Combos? Figure them out, nerd. Fatalities? They haven't told you them before and they won't start now, fishstick. Quan-Chi has it out for you, and it's up to you and fall in love with some chick, kill her sisters, and then be mad then she dies. 5/5.
0,works
0,This is by far the best golf game I have owned. Has everything that you could wish for. You can customize your golfer to any specification you wish. Great tour season mode and the challenge mode is also great!
0,This is a great game.  Most of the issues I complained about in my old review have been fixed in the updates.  Load times are better, and the logo screens have been replaced by tips and facts: most helpful, some also snarky.  The interface takes some getting used to, but once you figure it out, it's quite excellent and well-suited to the intense, every-instant-matters game play.		I left off a single star just because I played the original version of the game, and I think that Bloodborne should have been as good on launch day as it is now.
0,Really good game, delivered fast & unscratched!
0,This is just what I was looking for. The transaction went very smoothly. Product was in perfect shape. Thanks for making it so easy.
0,I enjoyed it enough to play through till the end and do the extra boss dungeons after that no need to play mofe do to the aged nature of the game there are no PSN trophies to encourage more then one playthrough, item collections etc.
0,Ok
0,The graphics and interface are nice. The controls were surprisingly easy to figure out. The only drawback experienced at the onset was a bit of lag. I later was informed this is a PC issue, not an equipment issue. SteelSeries' customer service manager provided the following tips (see his comment beneath my review) should you experience 'laggy' behavior in the steering wheel that interferes with game play:		1. Refer to the picture in the link below and make sure that you are not plugged in to any of these places. The USB 3.0 port is OK to use but try using both a 3.0 port and 2.0 port. Since 3.0 provides more power, it may be the better alternative.	[...]		2. Make sure that your USB devices are set to be powered up at all times and that any power saving features are turned off.	Please refer to this thread for further information (steps 1 & 2 apply for all Windows OS, step 3 is ONLY for windows 7 users): [...]		His advice helped, so I raised my review from three stars to four stars.		When I originally wrote this review on April 18, 2012, Amazon's retail price was 33% lower than the initial price. As of my Sept. 13, 2012 update, the price is now 22% lower than the initial price. Factor that variability in when you decide to purchase.		Rating: Four stars.
0,This game came in a decent amount of time, and works great. Got it brand new so there are no complaints of course. It is also a great game in and of itself, i mean, i don't like most of the music on the game becuase its mostly new-age pop, but there are alot of oldies on there, like duran duran, divo, david bowie, etc.. so yea...
0,Overall I enjoyed this game a great deal.  It did a very good job of integrating the unique features of the DS with classic "Zelda style" puzzles.  The stylus was a bit awkward at first, but the levels seemed to be designed with this in mind, so you had plenty of time to get comfortable before needing to do anything with a great deal of efficiency. Combat is the only area where adjusting to the stylus seems like a gimick, or just a hassle to make it a "DS game", everything else the stylus does (navigating the ship, drawing on maps, making notes for yourself, drawing paths for boomerangs, grappling hooks and bombchus) is a MAJOR convenience.  I felt ridiculous having to take pen and paper notes while playing Wind Waker, just so that I could remember where things were on that absurdly large map.  If I want to remember a special feature of an island in Phantom Hourglass though, all I have to do is write on the map!		The dialogue is much funnier than most Zelda games (which is saying something, because there is usually a pretty sharp wit written into at least a couple of characters), the graphics are nice for the DS. The music is pretty bland in the context of other Zelda titles, but this doesn't detract from the game at all so it's no big deal. All of the usual suspects are there as far as items go (boomerang, bow, hookshot/grapple, hammer, shovel) but the stylus control gives a few of them (especially the boomerang) a make over that expands their usefulness.  The lack of bottles and heart pieces was kind of weird, but not a deal breaker by any means.		Not everything about this game is great though.  It is pretty easy, which wouldn't be a negative, but there are times when your helper fairy (there has been some version of this in every Zelda game since Ocarina of Time) literally walks you through puzzles.  I don't know if it is because they expect a younger audience on a handheld (minish cap was really bad about this as well), but I do not like this, it takes away from my favorite part of the game (ie getting that euphoric jolt of accomplishment when I solve a puzzle all on my own!).		Then there is the combat.  Wow, talk about a step back! It started with Legend of Zelda: Four Swords, and continued in Wind Waker, where it felt like the designers had put a lot of thought into making the combat exciting and chaotic.  It was special because for the first time ever it felt like there was an element of skill involved with Zelda combat.  If you knew a few moves and how to use your items effectively, you could take on dozens of enemies at once... and you were given several opportunities to do so! This was exciting! Twilight Princess altered things slightly, going from a 'take on the world' combat ideology, to more of a stealthy/duel based ideology.  So while you didn't have the chaos of the aforementioned titles, there was still plenty of intensity and skill in the combat sequences. But in the Phantom Hourglass, you hardly fight at all! I understand that part of this has to do with the physical limitations inherent with the stylus control scheme (ie no targetting, only 1 item equipped at a time etc.), but it is still disappointing.		And I guess the only problem I have with the weak combat system is that in the few instances where you are put into a challenging fight, you have to use gimicks and tricks instead of making creative use of items and showing off well polished sword skills. And that is in the best case, in some instances (such as the final boss battle in the game) it simply boils down to a mind numbing test of patience.		That wasn't enough to bring down my overall enjoyment of the game though. Despite being easy the puzzles were very creative, which is nice since the whole "light the torch, flip the switch, push the block" thing gets kind of old.  The DS specific features (drawing on the maps etc.) went over very well, and the game as a whole was very funny. A little more depth/length would have been nice, but you can't ask for everything.		I still need to try out the multiplayer, it looks like it will be a blast, but I haven't had a chance to get online with it yet, so I can't comment there. I do know that the last Zelda title to have a multiplayer option (Four Swords) was easily the best non-PC multiplayer experience I have ever had.
0,I loved it
0,NICE
0,Makai Kingdom is brought to us by the same people who created Disgaea, La Pucelle, and Phantom Brave. You are cartoon style characters moving in grid combat on random boards.		The graphics are quite reasonable for this style of game. Makai Kingdom is about strategy and not about visual speed, so while the individual characters are cute, they are not overly detailed. This is OK if you're playing on a small screen TV, but once you move up to a larger screen and/or high definition TV, the characters begin to look a bit fuzzy and pixellated.		The sound falls into the same category. You get generic electronica-sounding background sounds, along with dialogue such as "Take This!" and effects like "BOoooom!" Since you tend to tune out all of those sounds while focussing on your strategy, it's fine.		Actual gameplay is very enjoyable. Each character has strengths and weaknesses, a variety of attributes to customize and weapons / armor to work with. Makai Kingdom can easily take you weeks, if not months, to finish, if you really put the time and effort into tweaking your characters to fit your playing style. The more effort you put into your characters, the more fun gameplay will be, and themore smoothly your battles will go.		Really, the game is a colorful, multi-dimensional, customizeable strategy game that really tests your planning and strategy skills. Given the number of characters and situations you have to keep track of at any point in time, it's an impressive way to keep your brain cells active and alert. For anyone who reads those studies that say "crossword puzzles help keep your mind alert", I suggest they give this game a try. Talk about a game sure to help your thinking processes become more acute!!		Highly recommended for any strategy / RPG fans.
0,as expected
0,These game are the best .  An unbeatable bargain if you want older role playing games.  Many hours of play all in one package.
0,Thanks
0,My son love's this game he can't game I can't get him to stop playing it.  He took a 2 minute bath so that he could keep playing the game.
0,This clear case is great! If you're like me, you wanted to protect your gamepad, as they are expensive as hell to replace, or maybe you have the Zelda one with easily rubbed-away artwork. A lot of clear,plastic cases out there are rickety, scratch-prone affairs, but this one sets a higher standard:		-It's sturdy, and not very creaky.	-It doesn't have any space to move/slide while on the gamepad, meaning no undue scratching from trapped dust.	-The only moving part is the loose flap-stand in the back, and that can be easily removed (I recommend it).		If there is a flaw, it's that the plastic hugs too close to the d-pad, making it just slightly more annoying to press. If you play a ton of virtual console titles, it might get to you.		Hope this helps!	  -Terry B.
0,HORI cases for the 3DS / XL and now the New 3DS XL are proven go-to purchases for many owners of these Nintendo portable platforms. These HORI cases are quite similar to the AmazonBasics Carrying Case, however whereas the Amazon case only has inserts for 3 games, the HORI cases have double that, room for 6 games.		My one frustration with these HORI cases (and the Retro versions look so good, they are irresistible) is that I have found on two occasions, these cases off-gas a plastic smell for quite a while. It eventually goes away, but it is quite noticeable. I include this for the consideration of sensitive / chemical sensitive folks out there.		If the idea of a retro looking, attractive case is more fun than the simple black as offered by AmazonBasics, then this Retro NES case is a must have!
0,took back Mortal Kombat for Ghost Recon.  What a smart move it was.  This game is sweet.  If you want a game that takes strategy instead of running around and shooting people, then get this.  I put it in the xbox and went straight to live.  I was getting wasted left and right, so i played one player campaign.  It helps you out a lot.  A couple hours and missions in campaign and i was back on live wasting the people who were wasting me.  This game is awesome.
0,Good game
0,This game is so well made! animations amazing on my vita and vita tv! This series has yet to steer me wrong! I loved it!
0,i like it the extra grip and different colors is satisfying on my plain black control
0,With the both of these my Grandsons can play with the boxing and with all three of them at tennis. This is the most wonderful thing to happen to WII
0,My pouch is 3 yrs old now, durability wise, yes. But you can't really fit all the cables inside
0,Great game for full price. Plenty of content. Not too repetitive. I actually finished this and bought the ex pack First Light.
0,I thought the Sony one is good. This is freaking spectacularly good. So easy to put on and its quite durable too. Made out of good material that's for sure. Every vita owner should have this on their PS Vita, its a must. Man, I love this screen protector. I've never bought a Hori product before. Judging by the quality of this alone. Im a Hori fanboy for life. Im gonna pick up more of these screen protector cause they are so good.		I have tried the Sony, ArmorSuit Military Shield, and This. Guess which one is my favorite.
0,I'd give these a 4.5/5 stars if I could for overall performance.  That being said, I think that 5 stars is more fair than 4 stars, based solely on the bang-per-buck scale.  I'll first say that I am a long-time KontrolFreek product user and I have used five of their thumbsticks, all of which I have been pleased with.  However, I've been looking for the perfect product to use on my PS4 controller for the game Rocket League, as I am about addicted as possible to that game.  I was also looking for a product that would work well for games that don't require "twitch reflexes."  And, the GelTabz suit that purpose extremely well.  In case you're considering a similar product to the GelTabz, I'll what I hope is helpful advice.  Grip-iTs  are not bad for the price, as they have helped me minimize slippage on my PS3 controller.  In addition, right before buying these I purchased the Fosmon thumbsticks and I was very disappointed with them.  The Fosmon product was not low-quality; however they felt surprisingly slippery to my thumbs.  I used the Fosman thumbsticks on my Xbox One controller and after about two hours I decided that not only did they not offer the grip I was looking for, the grip was actually weaker than the surface of the Xbox One analog sticks.  Lastly, my fellow Amazonians, here are my rankings for thumbsticks that don't significantly add height to analog sticks:	GelTabz: 1st Place (best grip factor and most comfortable)	KontrolFreek Alpha: 2nd Place (good for people with larger hands)	Grip-iT Analog Stick Covers: 3rd Place	Fosmon Controller Performance Thumb Grips: 4th Place [Tie]	Ortz Analog Thumb Grip Stick Covers: 4th Place [Tie] (very soft material and easy on your thumbs)
0,Outstanding ..So many ways to play and have outcomes ..
0,beautiful game with deep story and real connections to ancient greece... amazing game but on the short side
0,When Capcom released MEGA MAN (or ROCKMAN in Japan), they could have had little idea that they just launched their biggest franchise, nor would it be possible for the buying public to realise this character would go on to become the most prolific game character ever.		His first game, an action platformer from 1987, famously introduced the concept of chosing your own order in which to beat the stages.  Not only that, when you defeat the boss of that level, you get his/her powers, and can use these powers against other robot masters.  While the weaknesses had some logic in them in the first three games, as it is based off the game Paper, Rock, Scissors, the further we got along in the MM series the less that analogy really worked (seriously, why is Tomahawk Man in MM VI weak too ?).  While the game itself is pretty linear, MM still gave the players a rather remarkable sense of freedom in the 1980s.  While the concept has since been beat to death, if you're from that generation of players you can't help but appreciate MM's rather daring game play.  But that doesn't mean it's a perfect game.  Not by a long shot.		The game has some of the most notorious cover art in video game history.  The cover art has absolutely nothing to do with the game, and Mega Man looks like a forty five year old man holding a gun in some bizarre futuristic place.		Like most franchise that began in the 1980s (Castlevania, Metroid, Kid Icarus, Ninja Gaiden, Mario, The Legend of Zelda, and several others), this first game may seem a little bit rough compared to later installments.  While arguably SMB could be released in today's game market with little or no changes, games like Metroid, the first Zelda, and this title  would never be released without some significant revisions.  Metroid has no automap, and you're left wondering around this labyrinth maze with little or no direction where to go.  Zelda has the same issue, though instead of a maze it's a large overworld, and it's damn near impossible to find all its secrets without referring to some type of map or game guide, which in the 1980s were hard to come by if you didn't have a subscription to Nintendo Power (the essential gaming magazine of the 1980s).  Metroid is a particular favorite of mine, particularly for the lack of auto-map, but for those professional critics who criticize its game play, the original LEGEND OF ZELDA is just as unforgiving and obtuse at times.  Still both are great games.		Mega Man is the same way.  There [are undeniably some great parts to the game, but it's a little rough around the edges by today's standards, like most games of that era].  Overall, the game's difficulty is rather high, especially in the last stages.  And, like Zelda II, the game difficulty also has just some plain cheap shots to it.  If it weren't for the Magnetic Beam, I would probably never get past the last half of the Ice Man's stage (which involves jumping from platform to platform, dodging shots).  You can be standing directly on the platform, in the dead center, get shot and get knocked off or fall through to your instant death.  Even with Mega Man's infamous recoil he should be knocked that far back.  Guts Man's roving platforms at the beginning of that stage are also rather notorious.		Speaking of the Magnetic Beam, all six NES titles have special items that you must use to further advance in the game.  From MMII on, you would get said item after defeating a particular robot master.  In this game, however, the item is in plain view in the Elec Man stage, though you must have defeated Guts Man and use his weapon to throw away the blocks that keep Mega Man from getting the item.  You may or may not pick it up. But here's the trick.  You must have it to get past a certain area in the opening stage of Dr. Wily's castle.  The game is rather cheap like that.		Other difficulties include lack of Energy Tanks as well as no password feature.  That means every time you turn on the game you must start all over.  Now, this problem has since been alleviated with the game's release on the MEGA MAN ANNIVERSARY COLLECTION. But if you're playing on an original NES, well, good luck.		Back in 1987, most gamers were still going for high scores, and so MEGA MAN, the only game in the entire (massive) franchise to do so, has points and keeps score.  Anyone who gets a high score on this game I do admire, as when you run out of lives you die, and given the game's difficulty, you will end up losing your accumulated score quite often.  Still, there's no high score keeper, and you don't get anything for high points.  Overall, this feature feels much more like a relic of its time, and very much feels like the high score feature was simply tacked on to an already existing game.  The high score serves no real function, and Capcom wisely disregarded it when they made MEGA MAN II.		The game also features different graphics for the health powerup and the weapon powerup.  These items graphically are the same for MM2 to MM6, but in MM1 they appear totally different.  The game also features an exclusive item to the series, a powerup called the Yashichi.  It only appears once in the last stage of the game.  Capcom used the item in other games in that same era.		[Throughout the series, if Mega Man is hit by an enemy, he becomes temporarily invincible to further attacks. From Mega Man 2 on, this invincibility would even protect Mega Man if he fell onto spikes. However, in the NES version of Mega Man 1, that is not the case. While the temporary invincibility is featured in this game, it will not prevent Mega Man from perishing if he falls onto spikes. This aspect of the Mega Man 1 play mechanics contributes greatly to the game's overall difficulty.		Also, for the six NES games, MM1 is the only one that makes the player fight enemies after reaching the Robot Master's lair. In the other five installments, once Mega Man reaches the Robot Master's room, Mega Man goes into a short passageway into the next room to fight that particular level's boss. There are no enemies in these passageways, and are only one screen long. However, in MM1, the corridors are longer than one screen and there are enemies to contend with when bartering passage to the Robot Masters. These corridors might have been leftovers during development, during which Capcom originally was going to release the game on the Famicom Disk System. The corridors would have been used as "loading tunnels", allowing the disk to be accessed and load up the boss fight without any major pauses in the action. In the end, Capcom switched to cartridges instead, but the tunnels stayed, anyway.		Mega Man 1 is also the only NES Mega Man game that makes the player climb up or down once he or she reaches the inner chamber. In Elec Man's stage, the player must climb up a ladder to reach his lair; in Bomb Man's stage, the player climbs down a ladder (or falls) to reach his lair.		At the end of every NES Mega Man game, the player must fight the game's Robot Masters a second time before going to the final showdown with Dr. Wily. MM1 is the only game that spreads these fights across two separate levels (Mega Man must fight Cut Man and Elec Man on Wily Stage 2, and then has to fight Bomb Man, Fire Man, Ice Man, and Guts Man on Wily Stage 4). MM1 is also one of the only two games in the Classic series (the other being Mega Man & Bass) that does not allow the player to select the order in which to fight the Robot Masters a second time. In Mega Man 2 through 6, after defeating each Robot Master the second time, a large energy pellet appears. In Mega Man 1, these do not appear, making the last stage considerably difficult.		Starting with Mega Man 2, the player is shown a visual representation of Dr. Wily's castle (or, in Mega Man 4, 5, and 6; Dr. Cossack's castle, Proto Man's castle, and Mr. X's castle, respectively, with Dr Wily's castle following each). Each stage is a dot on the map, and when Mega Man beats one stage and goes to the next, this progress is shown on the map. Mega Man 1, however, does not have this feature. In the PSP remake, Mega Man Powered Up, it can be seen as the player loads one of four final levels, and is named "Castle Wily". Mega Man 1 is also the only game where the player selects Dr. Wily's stage and he appears like the Robot Master with the clear points listed next to him.		This section in brackets drawn from Wikipedia.  I wrote these sections in that article, however.]		I can proudly say that I have beaten this game, but only once.  The last stage on Dr. Wily is absolutely brutal, and the last fight with those four bosses back to back extremely hard.  Without the pause trick I don't know how people do it.  And the Yellow Devil is a nightmare as well.  Still, I beat the game (this one's harder that LOST LEVELS any day).		Of all the six NES games, this has the most old-school feel to it.  Other installments to the series feel much more refined and much more polished.  This title, though, feels like it stands along the ranks of Zelda, Metroid, Ninja Gaiden, and Mario for that old-school, mid 1980s gaming goodness.		Despite its difficulty, this is easily one of my favorite NES games.  The game has proven to hold up remarkably well, despite the rough edges, and it is only by tinkering with the game engine slightly (by lowering the difficulty and introducting a couple new features) that Capcom introduced the masterpieces MMII and MMIII.  But the foundation for those games was all here.		Overall, this is the worst of the original Mega Man trilogy.  Still, a legendary start, and rightly so.		This is my order of Mega Man NES titles from best to worst.  II and III are the best, though I give a slight edge to II because this is the game that really redefined the Mega Man formula, but III is just as good, and probably better.  IV and V are about the same as well, though neither approach the sublime quality of the first three.		MEGA MAN II	MEGA MAN III	MEGA MAN	MEGA MAN V	MEGA MAN IV	MEGA MAN VI.
0,These headphones are extremely comfortable and have solid sound. I used these yesterday for 6 hours and they were still comfy. I forgot about this thing they call reality.
0,------	*EDIT2*	I've just completed my battery drain test.  A little before 9.5 hours had elapsed I started getting low battery warnings.  At almost exactly 9.5 hours the headset shut itself off.  I used the following settings:	'Plugged' in to my computer using the audio cable (so not using bluetooth)	Played movies pretty much continuously for the duration (I maybe missed 5-10 minutes max).	Noise Cancellation ON	Sound Preset: Movies - 'Signature Sound'	No intentional microphone utilization (I didn't turn the mic off, so it may have been picking up ambient background noise)	Started from a fully charged state (ie - charged it, took it off the charging station, and started using it immediately)		This is slightly worse than the 10 hours I was expecting.  If using bluetooth I'd expect even lower battery life.  I'm not terribly impressed with this, given that other headsets offer longer battery life (and given that this is a $300 headset).	-------		Before I start this review, three important points to note:	1) I do not own an XBox One (though I want one :D ), and so I couldn't test out the pairing functionality.  From everything I've read and understood it should work flawlessly though.  I was able to test every other aspect of the headphones.	2) I was comparing these against several other gaming headsets I've reviewed and have by me: The Corsair Vengeance 2100 (a wireless 7.1 gaming headset with mic boom), and the Turtle Beach Z60 (a wired 7.1 gaming headset with mic boom).  I also compared it against some very high end Sony Earbuds.	3) I fully expected to give these a bad review based solely on the price (a $300 headset meant to be used with a $350 gaming system? What?  At the time of review I could get an xbox one system + the halo master chief collection for $350.  If I was to get it at walmart I'd get a free controller thrown in).		So, on to the review:		Sound Quality - 5/5: The first and most important aspect of any headphone set is the sound quality, and the 800X blew me away.  Its noticeably richer than my other headsets in the depth of sound it presented.  The different preset sound modes offer very different sound mixes, so you'll want to experiment until you find your preference for each type of media your consuming.  The headset is advertised as being able to bring to the forefront some soft background sounds (like footsteps and such for FPS gaming) and I found that, in my estimation, it does so.  That said, you'll want to be careful when listening to music most of the preset sound modes will push some frequencies noticeably more than others (and overall I noticed a much stronger bass here than in other headsets).	Interestingly, this wasn't my favorite headset: the Sony XBA-2 earbuds are.  They provide a more balanced sound and I prefer earbuds in general.  However, I realize that this is wholly a personal preference, and in the world of gaming headsets that I've used the Elite 800X are king - as they should be, for $300!		Comfort - 4/5: The earcups are a nice foam type material that is not only very comfortable, but will also stay clean (fabrics can absorb sweat or pet hair caught in them, this material won't have those problems).  For wireless headphones they seem fairly heavy, but the weight ended up feeling very distributed on my head, and I thought they were much more comfortable than the other pair of wireless headphones I tested - the Corsair Vengeance 2100.  There being no mic boom is a nice extra on the comfort front as well - eating is easier.  However, I found that after extended use (around 2 hours) the top of the headband started hurting my head a bit.  I'm fairly confident that this is due to the shape of my head and how the headphones were resting on me, so I don't see it as a huge issue for most.		Mic Performance - 5/5: I've never used a mic not on a boom before, and this one seemed to work great.  It picked up my voice well and I was generally understandable.  This is obviously not a studio quality mic, but it gets the job done for gaming.		Design - 5/5: The headset has a nice clean look to it, with green stripes (and a green LED logo on the base to indicate charging; red when charging, green when charged).  The Elite 800 is bue for playstation, and the 800X is green for XBox.  I prefer the styling on this headset to my other gaming headsets, design preferences are usually personal preferences.		Ease of Use - 3/5: This is where the headset fails most, in my opinion.  The good is wireless charging.  This is a lot more convenient than I expected it to be - I didn't realize how annoying it was to plug/unplug a charging cable until I didn't have to do it anymore.  The bad is the control schema.  You've got 4 buttons on each earpiece, and memorizing where each button is and operating each button can be very annoying.  If you don't consistently use the headset you'll easily forget where specific buttons are.  Even if you do consistently use it I found that the buttons depress far too easily.  I've switched modes when I didn't want to, turned off noise cancellation when I was trying to do something else, etc.  The worst part is that often the buttons have 'modes' - a quick depress to do one thing, a long depress to do something else.  I would have much preferred a higher actuation force, and fewer buttons (instead of having a volume up and a volume down button, for example, a volume roller would have been much better).		Battery Life - 4/5: This is partly going off of other reviews, as I haven't worn the battery down yet (despite several hours of consecutive use).  This is rated for something like 10 hours, which is more than sufficient for gaming sessions.  On the flip side, if you want to use this is as your primary headset (when traveling and such) then 10 hours is likely not sufficient.  *edit* I completed a battery life test (see the top of this review), and got 9.5 hours of battery life.		'Extras' - 5/5: There are a few other features that this headset has.  The first is noise cancellation - this works about as well as any other noise cancellation I've tested.  Most background noises are dulled out, though you can still hear directed sound quite well.  Its useful for getting rid of ambient noise.  The second is the different connection methods: There is a cable you can use to hook up to anything and get sound, at the expense of mic functionality.  It has bluetooth for wireless connectivity to any bluetooth enabled device: this gives you sound and mic capabilities.  You can even use this to answer a bluetooth phone, if you'd like!	The box it comes in is nice enough to be mentioned as an extra; its pretty and has nice padding.	Finally, there is the Turtle Beach Elite club.  I didn't get a membership # with my headset so I couldn't test this, however you supposedly can get new plates for the side of the headset, an extended warranty, better support, and some free swag (shirts and such).  I don't want to say these types of extras should be expected, but for such an expensive gaming headset ... well, there had better be something (because the sound quality is not going to be as good as a dedicated music headset).		Overall:	Overall, if you have an XBox One, want a wireless headest, and are willing to pay a hefty premium, then this is the headset for you.  Period.  For a gaming headset it has great sound quality, for a wireless headset its relatively comfortable, and the battery lasts long enough for pretty much any gaming session.	However, the caveat here is that if you just want a dedicated headset you can get cheaper ones with better sound quality, the battery doesn't last long enough to use this as a travel headset except with shorter trips, and the controls will be annoying unless you're willing to dedicate a lot of time to them.	By itself this is definitely a five star product.  However the fact that it costs about as much as the system you're going to use it for means its not for everyone.  Personally, I don't really feel that most will be able to justify the price.	If you're looking for great sound quality then a good speaker system will be better, and you can use any standalone mic solution for your mic.  If you live somewhere where a speaker system isn't practical, then you're probably either a college student, or have roommates in your apartment, or similar ... and if we're being honest, not all of those demographics can really afford a $300 headset.		Due to the poor (in my opinion) control scheme and the battery life supposedly not lasting more than 10 hours, this goes down to a 4 star product in my opinion, given the cost.  If this was cheaper it'd be a 5 star product, or if the battery life lasted longer, or if the control scheme was better.		All of that said:	I am currently running a drain test on the headset.  I started from a fully charged state and will just be cycling through movies and such using noise cancellation and the headset's 'signature sound for movies' preset - no mic usage for this test.  If the headset ends up lasting substantially more than 10 hours I'll likely edit my review up to 5 stars.  *edit* I completed the battery life test and got 9.5 hours - see the top of this review.		*edit* My pictures apparently got turned upside down and sideways and such when uploaded... I'll see if I can fix it.
0,I got a great deal on this used PS1 game. My girlfriend plays this classic game and enjoys it a lot. She's not much of a gamer. The disc seems to be in great condition with no scratches and plays perfectly. There's a few tiny "cracks" within the inner ring of the disc, but this is common and DOES NOT affect the actual disc itself. It seems like an alright game to me, just not my style, which is why I gave it a 4/5. But a lot of people seem to like this game. It's a great kids game as well.
0,Paper Mario is unique; The combination of 2D and 3D is brilliant. This game makes you think more than most. There is a lot of dialogue. Previous reviews (written some time ago) stated that the game starts out with 15 minutes of dialogue you can't skip. Nintendo must have acknowledged this problem, because I was able to skip most of it. I would certainly recommend this game, but only at the Nintendo Selects price.
0,A great game to play with friends. Takes a good amount of time to beat with many hidden areas and things to find. If you like an adventure game similar to Super Mario but in 3D and a bit darker then you will love it. Fun bosses and challenges to beat throughout the game as well.
0,Like many people, I have been trying to collect every amiibo. But I actually enjoy using them, rather than keeping them indefinitely trapped in their plastic prison. So these Japanese and EU region amiibos are great for me, since they are usually cheaper than North American ones, and only the box is different, which I open anyway. I also like the option of having one come in two days with Prime rather than waiting forever on an eBay option. So while it is regrettable that they are still higher than MSRP here, it's still better than nothing.		As you can see in my photos, the physical amiibo figure is literally the exact same across all regions, including the writing on the bottom of the platform. And they are all region free and will work an any region Wii U.		Marth can be used in a major way in Super Smash Bros 3DS/Wii U and Code Name: S.T.E.A.M (3DS), and in a minor, generic way in Mario Party 10, Hyrule Warriors, and Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker.		It's too bad the supply issues are so rampant on these, because they are actually very high quality figures. The paint/art and modeling is done very well on them, and they all look very nice on my display shelf.		So if you are like me and don't care about all the boxes matching, or you open all your amiibos, this is a fantastic option!
0,It's been reviewed to death so I won't waste too much time.		The single player was fun, but I didn't feel that it moved any mountains.  The AI was surprisingly good throughout the game--this was my first Call of Duty game and I couldn't help but be impressed at how intelligent the enemies were on the harder difficulties.  There was a lot of mission variety, but it just ended a bit too quickly and without a satisfying resolution.		The multiplayer, which I'm sure was the main reason most people bought the game, is very inacessibly difficult to those new to the series.  Coupled with a leveling system that rewards those who can already play much better with still better gear, and it's brutal to the newcomer.  There are definite moments of fun, but in my experience it's served to be quite frustrating...in a satisfying way.  In any case, I'm gonna keep playing and getting better, but do not expect to get online and break above a 1:1 kill-to-death ratio without an extreme, persistent dedication of time.  If I had the time to dedicate I'm sure I'd have a lot more fun with it.		As for the hardened edition, I was a bit disappointed with the goodies.  The case was...kinda neat I guess, and the little book was similarly neat...but overall it didn't seem worth the extra 20 bucks coupled with the (now $15 on PSN) CoD classic.  I suppose the value is fair in that respect.		As an aside, CoD classic is quite awesome as well.  I find the older physics a better fit for console controls, and the right and left d-pad buttons allow you to lean either direction which is GREAT tactically.  There's a full-featured, 24-episode campaign for single-playing, and a multiplayer mode as well.  Very fun too, as I love seeing the origins of a series.
0,On and off WoW player, so my experiences with WoW are mixed based on content per xpac that has come out. Overall however, I will always go for the 5th star on WoW products because I like the lore of the game, but not necessarily the gameplay or how devs do the "stupid" things they do for this game. Having said that, I had to get the xpac because like all WoW players that play on and off, we like to at least stay updated and there still isn't a game that has the extensive "history" and amount of players available as WoW does.		This xpac was no exception to Blizzard's usual quality. It catches you up on a the history of the Pandaren's which many Warcraft players will know from the introduction to them in WC3.
0,This is another great mouse from Logitech, and supposedly the fastest designed so far. Indeed, in my trials it was really fast, however it seems to be designed for smaller hands.		My major concern is with the ergonomics. It's a bit small for my hand - something like 10% less than what I need, and also is too lightweight. I have several other mice (mostly Logitech), and the one I use most often (for real work, not gaming) has adjustable weights. It feels great for long term use, however it seems to be no longer on sale. (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/There-is-a-very-similar-model-though/dp/B00CJD4HD2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">There is a very similar model, though</a>).		Another issue with the design is the button placement. While the main buttons (left, right + wheel click) are perfect, and the single button at thumb rest is very accessible, the rest are grouped into two, and are located at very awkward positions. I cannot imagine myself using those in any game, because it easy to confuse them, and this introduces a pause to make sure you click the right one. I am also using the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Logitech-G105-Keyboard/dp/B00BBUCCKO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Logitech G105 Keyboard</a>, which has enough customizable keys to make these extra four ones irrelevant.		However speedwise the mouse is great. It contains three buttons to adjust the DPI on the fly, from 240 up to 4000, which is more than enough. In fact, I recently switched to a 4K display, and even then the mouse is really usable, and very precise at the same time (this is probably due to the on board ARM computer, which does prediction / smoothing algorithms).		Overall this is very good gaming mouse, and integrates well with the rest of the Logitech G series. However I would not use it for long term daily tasks, since I already have another mice that is a perfect fit.
0,Thank you
0,I'm a WoW player, and I love this game.	I like to follow a line, upgrade my armor and weapons while I improve my skills. I love the whole idea of collecting items if I want to upgrade something.	The quests are pretty frustrating sometimes when I can not complete them due to my gear.	I just can't stop playing it.
0,If you are bored with the US selection on games, try Japan, they have more variety titles for their market, gundam series are just a few.	I only played this game few hours, more infos will be added.	good:	-menus in English, scenario mode, setting, ETC...you can play this game no problem even you don't understand Japanese(i understand Chinese characters, it helps a little)	-wide selection of MS Gundam	-Unlike dynasty gundam, everythings in this game are upgradable, sword, shield, guns, ability boosting parts	-lengthy and variety mission modes, you won't get bored		Bad:	-no check point during mission. This is a huge draw back for the game. It is not a funny feeling after dying, you need to restart from 45 mins ago especially on more challenge levels dying is inevitable.	-average graphics(maybe I used projector)	-sword only swing forward on the screen during attack no matter what direction you are facing.	-can not fully understand due to Japanese language	-some bosses are ridiculous hard, he can hit you twice to kill but you have to hit him 50 times.	-MS can not fly during battle, only dash forward, side way, up and down
0,Thank You
0,I really liked this game.  I was bright and colorful but not too childish.  I liked the fact that the point of the game was to retrieve parts of the world and reconstruct it with clues from the inhabitants.  The weapon ungrade options were inovative and highly creative.  I liked that you could switch between the characters, all of which have different abilities and weapons.  Then, there is the fishing.  I like that you can take time out to fish and win point that can be exchanged for gems and attribute stones.  I played this game for DAYS on end.  The monsters got a little repetative, and the maps were all the same, but I still found this game highly enjoyable.
0,Don't miss out on this title. It has bugs and the pawns constantly point the obvious enough that they make you wanna throw them off the nearest cliff but its still a great game. Ordered from popngames and got it before I thought I would. Will order more in the future.
0,I only rented the game and will probably buy when the price drops, but it is a great racing game. I really didn't see any flaws. I think the only thing I would have really liked to of seen is some customization in the vehicles.	  Being able to use your XBOX Live avatar is pretty cool, but you don't get to choose what vehicle to drive. It would be nice to either be able to customize or upgrade the vehicles or at least have more than one to choose from for each character.	 It's very fun for what it is though.
0,Great product
0,When I finally bought my Wii, I didn't want to buy any expensive games and end up not liking them, so I ended up renting this one to start out with.  I love Indiana Jones (the movies), and really liked Lego Star Wars so I thought I would give this one a go.		I will say that I really do enjoy playing this game and actually ended up buying a copy for myself since I found myself to like it so much.  It is especially amusing in two-player mode and my family has gotten more than a few laughs out of that!		My only complaint, and the reason I gave it only four stars, is because it is actually a bit challenging at times.  And I mean, really really challenging.  I have had to refer to the game guide more than once just to get through the levels.  I did think that this would be a bit easier because it seemed to be more of a kids game, but the game guide isn't that expensive, so if you aren't a great gamer, I recommend just picking up the guide along with the game.		PS: It is A LOT of fun to use the Wii remote to crack the whip!! lol
0,good price for replacement.
0,This is absolutely perfect for our xbox playtime and our son absolutely loves it.  Amazing how the controller is completely camo'd out!
0,Great game a lot of fun to play!
0,Was not sure how this title would do in holding the interest of a 7 and 11 year old.  Was pleasantly surprised to see that they enjoyed it thoroughly.  My daughter does not like high pressure games and son sometimes has "anger management" issues with games.  This game was good for both of them.  There is no pressure to perform within a time limit.  Just simple relaxing fun completing missions or just swimming around looking at fish.
0,Okay, I gave this 5 stars all around but that was because I loved the original so much that I would have given the original 10 stars. This game was as much fun as the first and it had some differences that kept it exciting. It was a lot shorter than the original, which was a downer for me, but since I waited for the price to drop on this game to happen and did not pay the original $50-$60 price tag I was happy with the game. I was not at all upset with the LIVE comments that I have read about, let's face it STEAM does the same thing and we all love Half Life, etc. If you own the product legally you should not worry about some measures to keep people legal.
0,First things first! The game it self is amazing so if you didn't play it.....ummmm....well spend the money and play this f!#&ing game!!!	Second things second! Sealed, factory. The Shin Megami games always are collectable. So again, buy this game.	Thank you
0,I loved the Star Ocean timeline and game style.  I wish it was longer and had DLC.  Kinda a shame.
0,Get all 3 in the series, but this one is the least impressive. Though, that's not a bad thing. The whole series is fantastic and fun.
0,Was exactly like my old 3ds charger that I lost, so was happy it worked fine.
0,Great!
0,Despite an utterly broken launch from 343 Studios, and massive let-downs yet still in regards to the multiplayer capabilities of this collection of the Halo installments, this game still deserves some amount of praise for it's accomplishments, and reprimands for it's shortcomings and failures.		The Master Chief collection was a great idea, and as far as the campaign aspect, and keeping the story alive and well, this collection did a great job.  All of the campaigns have been remastered for the newer generation of hardware, and it shows.  It's even more entertaining that the developers took the time to add in a feature that allows you to press the back button of the controller at any time in the remastered games to change the graphics between the remaster and the original.  343 Studios did a bang-up job with the remasters for all the games, and stayed very true to the originals throughout, with absolutely no story changes whatsoever.  Having the iconic main installments to this franchise all on one disk is a very powerful thing.  The cohesion that 343 was able to achieve between the games in the collection was very well done and obviously had some thought behind it's execution.  The campaigns are all enjoyable in their remastered and original glory, and still thoroughly enjoyable.		This collection, does however, only include some of the Halo games, and not all of them.  It includes, as expected, only the ones where the protagonist is Master Chief.  This means you will find Halo: Combat Evolved, Halo 2, Halo 3, and Halo 4 in this collection, but you will not find Halo 3: ODST, Halo Reach, or the RTS Halo spin-off, Halo Wars.  I really would have liked to have seen Halo 3: ODST and Halo Reach included in this collection, but I completely understand why they were not included, and nothing was docked for that, just a preference thing, as I really enjoyed Halo Reach.		The reason I docked a star is for the multiplayer that 343 decided to implement within the collection.  It is still yet broken and has many bugs and issues, even this long after launch.  I personally, don't attempt to play much of the multiplayer, and really just wanted the collection for the single player stories, but the fact that a section of the game is utterly broken and was even worse at launch leaves a bit of a bad taste in my mouth and hole in my trust for 343 Studios capabilities in the future for the Halo franchise.		In short, if you want to relive the glory days of the Halo franchise, in remastered graphics glory, this is the place to do it, and have them all in one place together to experience one after the other, is a great thing.  But if you're looking to play the multiplayer of the collection, be aware that is is severely crippled and has a lot of issues, many of which make it not worth the time to try and play.
0,Good game, lots of races, pretty much as Forza Motorsport, but you have motorcicles here and is ordered different, but the idea of the game is the same, run races, collect points and earn new cars. The product was everything I was told, used but like new, with all the cases, manual, etc, excellent, I will buy from this guys again.
0,works well
0,This is the best Spider-Man game ever made. It's even better than Spider-Man 2 which was so good I've played it for over three years - in fact I was still playing it before Web of Shadows was released.		Web of Shadows takes everything was great about Spider-Man 2 and adds more. The combat is simply incredible. Not only can you engage foes on the ground, but now you can take the fights to the side of buildings, and even into mid air (something I have always wanted to do.)The swinging controls are also good and very smooth. All the controls integrate very well with the Wii-mote and nun chuck.		There are lots of things to do in this game, and although the story mode is a tad short, it's made up for by a large number of side missions. But the main draw here is definitely the combat, and this is something that never gets old. Spider-Man Web of Shadows is the Spider-Man game I've been waiting for all my life. Definitely worth a buy!
0,It feels like Skyrim but you can play with your friend's its awesome.
0,Just as good as the first. Kids loved it.
0,Cursed mountain the name gives me the chills,	first and formost i love the storyline dealing with ghosts and the survival horror theme,	the atmosphere is so spooky and bone chilling since in set in the mountains of tibet and gets more spookier since the local residents have either fled their home or have gone missing,	once again i love the story line!	the controls are good but could be excellent if you take your time to try to perfect it which will take some time since it deals with the wii remote sensor and the nunchuk,	the graphics look real good and the music matches its cold climate!	since your fighting spirits and demons its something new and i enjoyed every second of it,	So pick up Cursed Mountain and trust me you'll like it,	Till next time...	Keep playing!
0,Great...
0,I really like this product. It has a good looking. And also it has a pretty good size. I really like this product.
0,I used to play this with my brothers back in the day ^^ Great game if you like the old PS games and what-not, I'll always be a fan! and It came in great condition!
0,I bought this game as a Christmas gift for my son and since it was refurbished, my husband played it to make sure it worked correctly. After 30 min's I had to convince him it was fine, he was having a hard time turning it off. I know come Christmas morning what will be happening at my house. LOL... It looked pretty fun so I might give it a spin too..
0,My grandchildren are very fond of this game.
0,good
0,not sure how many have actually played this game but it is pretty good. Combat is intuitive for its time. A hidden gem by its own rights.
0,GREAT
0,nephews seem to like it well enough
0,Two thumbs up thanks.
0,No issues.  Works great. Reminded me of when i was a kid. Now our kids love to play it. :)
0,I love everything about this pad. The shape makes it possible to use a variety of different grips, the switches are very responsive (personally I'd prefer a bit more force required but this is more accurate to traditional arcade buttons), and it can be used with a USB port or PS/2.	Some people complain that the parts wear out easily, but at this price that should be expected. Either buy another one or get a real fightstick with real arcade parts.	Note: some Windows PCs, for whatever reason, don't have the necessary drivers for Xbox controllers. If you have this issue, the pad is not defective; you simply need to manually install the drivers. There are plenty of tutorials for this.
0,:D
0,Thanks
0,I bought this for my son, he is 10. He read the first six and loved them, I recommended it. It is a good item. Thank you.
0,There have been games throughout the years that have truly done something original, different and completely engaging.  It always seems to be that these games fall by the wayside in terms of popularity which is a shame.  Indigo Prophecy falls into this category as an original game with a fantastic premise and incredibly exciting gameplay.		Never before have I played a game that was so interactive in its story-telling.  When trying to describe this game, I would point to God of War, a PS2 game in which there were scenes where you have timed button presses that would move forward a cutscene.  It helped bring you into the story, the cutscenes so that it was you that were doing all of the cool acrobatic manuevers killing the hydra.  Another game that used this to a lesser effect was Resident Evil 4, for example with the knife fight that you had to push buttons to keep Leon safe.  Indigo Prophecy takes this idea and pushes it to the extreme.		IP is basically and incredibly interactive movie.  It mixes the adventure genre, which is seldom seen on console, and movies and melds them into a cohesive and incredibly engaging story.  It starts off with a bang as you immediately find yourself killing someone you don't know in a diner.  You feel like you're not in control of your actions and as a result you have a body in a restroom and a policeman drinking coffee in the restaurant.  What do you do?  You're free to act from here on out.  Do you leave the body and rush out?  Do you hide the body?  What about the blood?  What about the blood on you?  What about the knife?  When you leave do you pay your bill?  You can take care of all or none of the options above.  And the story will be different, sometimes marginally sometimes drastically.  Oh, and by the way, that cop sitting outside needs to use the restroom and soon the screen will split and you better be out of there before he makes it to the restroom.		This opening sequence exemplifies everything this game is about.  Choices, story and gameplay all merged into one.  But innovation doesn't end there.  As soon as Lucas (the murdering protagonist) is free of the diner, you take control of two police detectives who investigate the scene.  You can switch between the two on the fly and you have to find clues, make theories and basically do everything in your power to catch Lucas.  Its this give and take gameplay, where you have to play one side against the other, that truly gives the game a sense of urgency and excitement.		Going back to the God of War example, when you have cutscenes in this game, you better not put your controller down.  Gameplay pushes forward the story-centered bits as well.  Whether its doing a simon says type control scheme to manuever your character past cars that are hurtling toward him, alternating between the L and R trigger as fast as you can to save someone who's drowning or using the R stick to make dialogue choices on the fly (you're timed) to hear all you can, the game makes sure to bring you into the story.  Its very effective and really ratchets up the tension.		If there is one sore spot in the game its the graphics.  While not bad, exactly, they don't necessarily push the Xbox in the way that this last year of Xbox life should.  It looks like a first or possibly second generation Xbox game.  Artistically the game is good.  The characters in the cutscenes move really well and realistically.  And there is never a moment of lag or skipping seen in a lot of games today.  The character's faces have some nice emotion to them and the graphics aren't stellar, like I said, but they do a decent job.  There's a ton of aliasing, however, which is sad.		Another sore spot is the controls.  When you are in direct control of your character (i.e. actually moving them as opposed to having control of the cutscenes via button pressing) the game is pretty loose.  It reminds me of playing the old Resident Evil games.  You have the cinematic camera which causes some confusion as to which direction you should push your character.  As a result, you will do a lot of figure 8s in the game which can cause a lot of problems when you have to hide the evidence because a cop is at your door and the timer is going down.  Character animation while moving is also very stiff and a big difference from the cut scene animation.		The audio is terrific, however.  While the box says the game does not run in 5.1 in game, I think it lies.  My receiver lights up whenever 5.1 is being used and its always lit with this game.  And it sounds like 5.1 is being used.  The voice acting is absolutely wonderful and professional.  Each voice matches the character and it helps enhance this feeling of playing a murder mystery movie.  With voice acting becoming so important in games today, this is most welcome and really helps sell the game.  Musically, the game also excels by using the very talented Angelo Badalamenti to score it.  That name might not mean much on the outset but he has created scores to many Hollywood movies including most by David Lynch (Lost Highway, Mulholland Dr., Twin Peaks) but also Dark Water, Arlington Road, etc.  The score is absolutely beautiful and moving; it really fits in with what is happening on screen.		What this game does best is meld the story-telling of a movie with the gameplay of video games.  It exposes the limitations of both and yet uses the best of both to create an engaging, moving and very interactive story.  For me, this game is a perfect building block for video games.  I can overlook most of its flaws because it is so different, so exciting and so damn cool.  It warrants a 5 star review simply because of what it did.  I would most heartedly recommend this game to those who love a good story, like action adventure games and want to be impressed with what video games and movies can accomplish together.
0,It's really fun.  I'm glad I got it!
0,I really loved this game. When I first started it, I was not expecting much, but it turned out to be really good, and kept a good pace.		The story in my opinion was pretty good (not great, but good). I do not like spoiling the stories in games, so I will keep it very brief. You play as a horseman, named War, in the apocalypse. You are part of four horsemen who insure the balance is kept between Heaven and Hell. One other thing is how it really makes you feel like a crazy action hero (like Kratos).		The game play remind me of God of War. The combat is a lot more simple though. All through the game I just pressed O to attack. There are a still a variety of combos with your main weapon and your other weapons combined. I would have liked a little bit more variety, but it was done well enough that the game kept my interest through my play through.		One of the best things about the game are the puzzles and boss fights. The puzzles are not mind bendingly confusing, and are fun. The boss fights take advanatge of the puzzles also by adding depth to the fights. So you have to think for a second on the fights instead of just hacking and slashing.		The graphics and environments are a little on the low department. They are not bad, but could use improvement. This is the main the about the game that brings it down.		The game is definitely worth a try if you like hack and slashers with a post-apocalyptic theme.
0,Another imperfect game here. Plenty of problematic pieces that will annoy and frustrate, but dang its just nice to be back in the thief world. The story mostly makes sense this time too.
0,ANY VIDEO GAME FAN HAS PLAYED THIS GAME AT LEAST ONCE IN THEIR LIFETIME. AND EVEN THOUGH THIS GAME REALLY RESEMBLES THE ORIGINAL ARCADE VERSION FOR THIS GAME, THE FATALITIES AND THE GORE [WHICH WAS CONTROVERSIAL AT THE TIME AND CAUSED ALL VIDEO GAMES TO HAVE RATING LABELS ON THEM] ARE MISSING! SO THAT MEANS AFTER THE FIGHTS ARE OVER, NO FATALITIES, ALL YOU CAN DO IS FINISH YOUR OPPONENT OFF WITH A REGULAR MOVE. BUT, EVEN WITH THE FACT THAT IS A TAMED VERSION OF THE ARCADE FAVORITE, I STILL ENJOYED THIS GAME! THERE'S 7 CHARACTERS TO CHOOSE FROM, WHICH ARE LIU KANG, KATO, JOHNNY CAGE, RAIDEN, SCORPION, SUB ZERO, AND SONYA. THE GAME IS FILLED WITH GREAT GRAPHICS AND EASY TO LEARN GAMEPLAY. THE BEST CHARACTERS TO PLAY WITH ARE SUB ZERO, SCORPION, AND RAIDEN. THIS WAS STILL A FUN GAME AND IF YOU WANNA ADD ONE OF THE GREATEST FIGHTING GAMES EVER MADE TO YOUR VIDEO GAME COLLECTION, GET THIS GAME WHEREVER YOU CAN FIND A COPY OF IT!! VERSIONS TO AVOID; SEGA GENESIS, GAME BOY, AND GAME GEAR.
0,Amazing game. why?	 - Time travel	 - Knight Pepe	 - Robots	 - Dystopian 1999	 - Magic	 - Adorable nerd waifu	 - play it	 - just play it
0,Prefect.
0,Definetely a recommendation for those of you looking to beef up your gaming equipment. This goes great with....		Razer Mantis Gaming Surface	Razer Deathadder Mouse	Razer Barracuda Headphones		Razer FTW!
0,I have a love hate relationship with the Golden Axe series. I love the games. I love the graphics. I love the cover art. I hate that my brother used the box as a coaster.
0,Very clever game. A lot of fun! Can be challenging and the bosses can be hard to beat. Thanks, it came on time and was in good condition.
0,Thanks A lot
0,Link is the best
0,ok
0,Bloody Roar Extreme for the XBOX is an excellent game, and it barely misses the mark for a perfect score. You fight on outdoor and indoor arenas some of them look very nice; they have an aquarium, aircraft carrier, urban slums, dojo and more. What really sets Bloody Roar Apart from conventional fighters is that each character can transform into some type of beast! While in "beast" form you take less damage and inflict more upon your rival and you can also execute super combo attacks. The graphics are beautiful, but the animation lacks fluidity. The most visually striking is the "Elephant", I love how the screen shakes when he walks, punches with his hooves and grapples with his trunk; it's amazing to see. The  "lion" and "wolf" will slash with their claws and bite with their fangs- its so cool!	The sound effects are good and you'll enjoy the beasts sounds of lion roar, phoenix scream, bat squeek, elephant letting a good trumpet blow. This game is a lot of fun, but kinda short.	Pros:	+excellent controls	+excellent graphics	+multiplayer fun	+excellent gameplay	+good sound effects	+cool beasts modes	+cool arenas	+cool secrets	+instant replays	+fast loading game	+music can be turned off	Cons:	-disgusting music	-lacks intensity	-needs more characters	-needs more arenas	-needs more game modes
0,I love the PSVR. I had the Samsung gear vr, and that hurt your forehead and eyes after 10 minutes of using it. The PSVR is comfy and does not hurt. The graphics were not as good as I hoped. But still better than gear vr. I guess VR is still fairly new so it will get better just like PlayStation and Xbox did. You need to make a motion controller with joysticks. All the games I have use a normal ps controller because you wouldn't be able to move around with a motion controller since it has no joystick. It has a lot of annoying wires, but I guess it has to, so whatever. When your wearing it you can see light coming in from around the edges. It need bigger rubber pieces to block that out. It constantly says I'm out of view if I turn my head to much. That might just be because I'm to far away or because my camera it a little old. But its still amazing and im very happy with it. Im looking forward to new games and hopefully better PSVR models
0,All perfect!
0,My few complaints are that the protective case is hard plastic, kinda bulky, and that it covers the game cartridge latch. Besides that its pretty good.
0,As replacement thumb sticks, these worked great in my PlayStation Dual Shock 4 (DS4) controller. The factory thumb sticks of the DS4 controller are too soft, and will lose it's rubberized coating after continued use. Thankfully these E-Mods Gaming Thumb Sticks made for the XB1 are suitable replacements. These feel indistinguishable to the factory XB1 thumb sticks, and have a nice texture - and hard rubberized feel. Note: Replacing them on my DS4 controller was quite challenging (if you choose that option), as they don't come apart as easily as an Xbox One controller - so be warned. Overall these are great thumb sticks, and I plan to purchase more as I need them.
0,I really enjoy using the Logitech G600 Gaming Mouse. My husband is a gamer with fairly large hands who tends to suffer from hand cramps after playing with a typically-sized mouse, but he reported that the larger form-factor of the G600 feels "very comfortable in my oversized mitts (much more so than my previous experience with the rather slim G500)".  Even my smaller-than-average hands were able to use it with relative ease.  The G600 has a huge array of customizable buttons, and the software to make those customizations (including changing the LED color of the buttons) is pretty straight forward. One can create a number of customized button configurations to saved profiles and associate them with a specific game or application.  I found the button and tracking response time to be excellent for my general skill level (and response time), but it can take a while to get used to all of the buttons that are now at one's fingertips. I don't play MMO's, but I do play a lot of PC games, and I would enthusiastically recommend the G600 Gaming Mouse to gamers looking for a customizable gaming mouse.
0,Ordered for grandson
0,GOOD
0,Just as promised.
0,I love digimon and this was a awesome buy,  the story plot was really good and the battle system was outstanding I definitely recommend this to all fans.
1,The Sims 3 in General has not impressed me.  I have a nice computer that runs plenty of games really well, but I've had several problems with the Sims.  Sometimes silly things like pathing for a character hidden somewhere far off screen causes the whole game to be laggy.  I'm waiting a few months after Sims 4 comes out to decide if I want to give EA another shot.
1,Not sure why they decided to utterly ruin the battlefield franchise.  Maybe after battlefield 2 they recognized they "could not make it better, so we better dumb this down!"  And dumbed down it is.  Complicated.  Have to download a bunch of "browser plugins" just to play a game?!  Stupid.  The game play is stupid.  The server system is stupid.  The weapons are cool but unless you have an ocean of patience you'll never get far enough to score a kill because this game seems designed to make you hate everything about it.  Graphics?  Hells yes, graphics so good you can see the texture of the steel on the tanks.  Does that matter?  not if the gameplay sucks, which it does.  BF hasn't been fun since battlefield 2, and if you want to have fun playing "battlefield" the best course would be to buy some Battlefield 2 discs from ebay (if you can get the damn code to work - the game plays just fine on win 7), go to "revivebf2" and download the laucnehr, add your username to the cloud (might have some issues there but once you get past that its smooth sailing) and log in to the several, still active servers on the (totally independent from EA) network.  BF2 is where they should have frozen development - i tried BF3 and its equaly as bad as 4.  As for this game, its a gold plated turd.  I recommend to skip it entirely unless you are a very accomplished gamer, liked BF 3, and none of this matters to you...otherwise please do yourself a favor and buy a fun game, like Bioshock 2.
1,My controller never worked for my PC (or any other device for that matter) and I was unable to return it. I do hope I was just one of the few the unfortunate recipients of a malfunctioning controller; which is totally possible.
1,Not nearly as bad as the crappy Marvel titles released for NES plus Arcade's Revenge, but Marvel messes up again.  I thought the game was going to be exciting because Capcom created it (like Mutant Apocalypse) and it has the best selection of Marvel heroes to choose from, but in the end turns out to be a huge disappointment!  Not only this game is unfairly difficult, but the gameplay was awful.  The only useful character is Wolverine.  Spiderman was suppose to be quick, agile, and strong, but the dumb game designers turned him into a little stiff wimp.  Worst characters than Spidey are the Hulk and Iron Man of which both are the slowest and very clumsy.  Captain America is a average character, but he's suppose to be better!  Executing the characters special moves are much difficult and less responsive than in Mutant Apocalypse, and you could break your SNES controller buttons by trying to execute the power crystals (its nearly impossible). I wished they had more variety in the clones because	beating the same clones were boring, especially those annoying Pucks and Hawkeyes.  I beat the game, but its still not worth it.  Why create a Marvel Super Heroes beat em' up game (that is not 2 player co-op) by making the Marvel Comics All Star lineup weaker and slower than slugs!?!  Please do not get this game, its sucks!
1,This headset is not comfortable due to the sharp plastic used to hold it against your ear.		This headset doesn't "stay up" correctly, as it's imbalanced causing the mic to slip down away from your mouth.		This mic doesn't allow you to communicate because regardless of how good your internet is, the sound voices will be choppy.		I think I became slightly depressed in the weeks following this purchase.
1,Waiting for this game to come out was a big mistake. However, purchasing this game turned out to be a HUGE mistake. I can't believe how Eidos screwed everyone over with this piece of garbage.	--> only 12 missions - are you kidding me??	--> out of those 12, seven are the same ones from Hitman 1 (WTF??)	--> WAY too many AI bugs and glitches, if you haven't encountered them, that means you're just shooting your way through levels, instead of playing it with stealth	--> took me just a few hours to achieve Silent Assasin rating on every mission and the game was over before it started	--> controls are bad, sluggish at times, and having to pause the game to change weapons/inventory is a pain in the ASS.	There are many more where these came from, but I'm not going to waste any more of my time. This game was rushed, in order to scam the customers and get their money. Eidos has finally lost my respect.
1,I bought these sticks for my PS4 controllers after reading the reviews and shopping around. Initially, I was happy with them. However, they rub against the controller case and get stuck. Put the original sticks back and can play again.
1,I want to own this gane but I can't. It installs DRM along with the game. I refuse to give up control of my PC to what I consider to be an EAvil, GrEAdy company. I also refuse to purchase what is basically a rental game. Instead, I'm willing to give up something I really want, to help make a point. My part is small but maybe all of us together will make a statement. Hurting EAvil in their pocket book is all that's left to us. This may be the last chance we have to stop this nonsence and save PC gaming.		I loved Crysis and I would have eagerly shelled out my hard earned money to purchase Crysis Warhead. However, now that EAvil has included Securom. I can't. I just finished completely rebuilding my PC as a result of the issues caused by the DRM installed by Mess Effect" (I do mean Mess not Mass).		Folks, I'm not an atomic scientist but I'm smart enough to avoid getting burned twice. Do the same. Stand up for your right to own the PC software you paid for and to retain control of the PC you own.
1,This is boring. I like that there is a historical back drop to AC, but this takes it to a whole new level. It's mainly story and just a little game play. There isn't as much free choice either. It's harder to just jump in and play. I don't really see anything about it that is an improvement at all. The graphics are still good, but you'd expect that. If you want AC, pick any of the others. This one you can pass on.
1,First off. This isn't Square's first attempt at an MMO. Final Fantasy XI, Front Mission Online, Dragon Quest X, and a few smaller games published in japan they aren't new to the MMO world. This also isn't FF14s first release. It already failed once, and this is a re-boot of the game.		Pros:		The party finder feature is unique and useful- if used correctly.		The Duty Finder feature is good for practice, and for random dungeon leveling.		Fun on the way up the first time. Plenty of quests, and an interesting story your first time up. But then....		I love MMOs. I've been playing them for 10 years. I've been a member of, and led end game guilds too. I've never been a part of a game where casual players and hard core players were so forced to co-exist to the point where you simply don't want to log in anymore because some individual with nothing better to do than curse you out for anything (your fault or not).		Other Cons to this game:		I'm going to just not go into the poor launch aside from- it was bad. Everyone knows it. It's over now. There.		Server instability even after six months- the terms "90k" and "3102" will become common in your vocabulary.		Poor implementation of everything - Housing was touted prior to launch as a premier feature, so much so the CEO would sit in on video presentations because it was is "favorite" part of the game. Three months after the housing launch for guilds there are still very few purchased due to the crashed economy and exorbitant prices on housing. Yes, prices have gone down and the dorm room sized house (which they will be making larger) is sitting at about 2million gil. This does not excuse the poor implementation of the system in the first place.		Grind Grind Grind- It's one thing to grind out gear, but its an entirely different situation when the only thing to do once you hit max level is to either grind another job or do the same dungeons over and over and over again.... until you've reached your weekly cap. Oh and all those other jobs? There aren't any quests to do like your first time up so you're stuck dungeon grinding or making an alternate character, which completely defeats the purpose of their advertised "do everything on one character!" thing.		Lag- Not everyone gets this, but in a game where dodging quickly is key to winning just about every fight when just ONE person  suffers from this the entire group can and most likely will fail. There is little to no room to recover in many of the fights.		Crafting- So you like to craft? ( I don't but hey) Have fun grinding your way up to max only to realize that nearly everything you can make is worthless. Everyone I know that has crafting leveled is hoping that the housing market will pick up eventually so that they can make money from that. There's also some talk that the vanity system (think transmog from other games) will require crafting.		Small World- I can walk (completely ignoring the teleports) from one end of the world to the other in less than 30 minutes- without a mount.		Poor Community- Now I've met some nice people along the way, but I quickly became tired of looking at party finder only to see descriptions like "Experienced only, will kick if wipe once." I've seen enough of "You need experience to participate, but you need to participate to get experience" stuff in real life. I'm not particularly inclined to worry about it in a video game. I generally make my own parties because of this, but not everyone wants to bother with such a thing. Of course there is the duty finder to off set this a little bit, but just be aware that these people exist, and unlike other games there is very little content to separate you from them.		To summarize:		My advice would be to wait an expansion or two for Square to get things together and create enough content that the hard cores can have their fun while leaving those of us who are less inclined to be jerks to people (but not necessarily worse players) have our own fun instead of mashing us all together in some mishmash of chaos.		Or just.... wait for Wildstar or something... watching the press streams on twitch that game is put together far better in beta than FF14 is six months after RE-launch.		Or...go play a single player game that isn't a Square title. Since they can't seem to release a (new) good game to save their lives. I really think they survive solely on the nostalgia many of us (including myself) have from growing up on the good Final Fantasy games (and Chrono Trigger of course). We keep hoping against hope that at some point they'll stop sucking and start putting out quality again so we throw money at them.
1,Activision offered a portal owner version when they released the 2nd version of Skylanders (Skylanders Giant at that time). I read that infinity portal/base did NOT change since the first version, so I wonder why not a cheaper version for existing portal owners (Same infinity base works in ALL game versions). I bought the second Infinity version, thus I have a Infinity base already. Again, there is no version without portal, so I have to accumulate them, considering that Infinity portals don't have any trade value. Also there is no significant change if you compare version 2 with 3, so I don't understand why Disney is releasing a "new" version. You can notice an upgrade between Skylanders versions, but I was not able to detect it on version 3 of Infinity (when compared to the second one).	When I searched reviews on web about this version, I found this comment on Forbes page: "Perhaps the most important thing to know about Disney Infinity 3.0 is that you can access much of the content by downloading the game on its own and using it with your existing Disney Infinity base. For an introductory price of around $19.99 this grants access not only to the new Toy Box mode but also to any 3.0 Play Sets you purchase independently." My own conclusion about this version: it is overpriced, there is nothing new and it looks like a rip-off game if compared with previous ones.
1,C'mon!  Who's kidding who?  What is with all these 4 and 5 star ratings?  Where's the integrity?		If I were a betting man, and in this case I definitely would be, I'd have to allege that those reviews purporting to hold this game in such high esteem are somehow intimately acquainted with the company (2K Games).&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Mafia-II-Collector-s-Edition/dp/B003NG1LPQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Mafia II Collector's Edition</a>&nbsp;HA!  Imagine walking more in this game than you are likely to do in real life!  It is incredibly slow...and I mean sloooow.  The only fun I found was driving the cars, escaping the cops, etc.  Look, I am a 64 y.o. man, and if Mafia II bores me, I'm guessing you won't be happy either.  Now I'll give you the benefit of doubt, it could be because I am really into high action games--you know, something that makes my heart pump; and at my age, you must understand,  that is important.  How else would I know I'm still alive?		Mafia II has the look and feel of games that hit the market ten years ago.  The graphics, while they are acceptable, respond to the controller with too much jerking...character movement lacked smoothness...very edgy.  If you are a person that likes slow-moving games requiring only minimal cognitive ability, well, all I can say is enjoy.		Maybe there is something in the game I am not seeing.  Maybe I should have tried to achieve higher levels before giving up on it...but geeze, when, oh when was this game going to give me a real challenge?  Granted, I suppose my criticisms may have spawned from too much Call of Duty, Halo, and naturally, being a pilot myself, games like Namco's "Ace Combat 6" - Hey, how about Pac Man?  Now there was a game that torqued my jaws....<GRIN>  Talk about Tension!  (You've got to know, I'm kidding.)		Mafia II may have debuted about four years ago (which makes me wonder why they were pushing sales on it this year), but you can't help but wonder if they pulled it out of a late '90s storage closet.  For me, it's just hard to imagine this game was developed in the 21st century.		Bottom line:  If you're ready to get into this game, make sure you slam down an energy drink before you begin--because at that moment when there is some action, you'll be able to wake up and jump into it, otherwise.... <YAWN>  As I understand it, there are those who truly believe and insist there is action in Mafia II...who knows, maybe I slept through it.  After all, I am 64, don't forget.
1,I have a 142 IQ, play many HOG solved all of them except this one. I loaded, reloaded, and loaded again. Each time I got a little bit further and on the 3rd try couldn't get any further than the observatory because the moon and Sun don't match up.		I will never buy another Playrix game. The graphics were awful and the plot so far is non-existent.
1,Worst game ever all hype! Why the hell does everyone support bethesda. They glitch their games and make the same game over and over. Open your eyes everybody this game isn't 5 stars!
1,I ordered this before (and quite shocked that it's still available).  It made a loud "pop" when I first plugged it in.  Did not know what was going on, but I smelled electrical burning smells coming from it.  I quickly unplugged it but it was too late.  It burnt out the Wii main board, I had to pay Nintendo $125 to replace the main board.  They said it was due to the power adapter.  I complained to eForcity and they basically told me to go cry about it.  Never will buy anything from eForcity again.  So that being said, DO NOT BUY THIS.  You can order a replacement directly from Nintendo for a few bucks more.
1,My kids enjoy sim games and this one they quickly got tired of. Mostly because you have to be connected to the internet at all times to be able to play. Not just the internet. You need to connect to one of their servers. Few to choose from and always busy.	No more, taking laptop on car rides to be able to use this game. Our internet connection at home is slow, making this a difficult play. Graphics were descent. But people look like legos.	SimCity is a city-building and management simulation game for the PC gaming platform that serves as a 2013 reboot of the iconic video game series. As with all games in the franchise, SimCity provides total control of how cities develop. Crisp 3D graphics, direct contact with citizens, dynamic real-time in-game units that replace animations representing player actions and levels of citizen happiness and in-game weather and pollution representation.
1,This game seemed really cool when I started to play it, but it didn't take long to notice some deal breakers.		CAMERA MOTION		This is the first game that I've played that made me dizzy. Camera movement in relation to your character is wonky. The camera sails around when you turn. Movement is not fluid; right/left movement is jerky. You can't always turn to look around (if you are in a hallway, doorway, etc.).		Normal view is third person, which is fine. There is a key for first person view, but you can't move in first person view (you can only stand still and look around). There is another key for an alternate camera angle, but that view is from the side only...not helpful.		Aiming and firing are equally awkward. Right click to aim (moving the mouse around until you are "on target", then left mouse to fire).		CHECKPOINT SAVES		You can NOT save when you want to. The game saves for you, when it wants to. So, you can be 99% through a mission and fail at the end, and then you have to go back to the very beginning of that mission and start over again. Very frustrating. No thank you.		POSITIVES		This game has a story! And it's a cool story.	The psychic abilities are a unique feature.	The graphics are decent.	The music is good.	The keyboard/mouse controls are adequate.		OTHER INFO		You can change key bindings in-game. That's good. But there is no mention of the objective or in-game menu. ESC just gives you the chance to end the current mission. TAB gives you a screen with the objective, notes, settings, and other useful stuff...but TAB is not mentioned in the key bindings menu.		If you don't take action within a certain amount of time (usually a fairly short amount of time), then characters around you start to repeat their last dialogue. This quickly becomes annoying.		After about an hour or so, I stopped playing this game due to the crazy camera motion and checkpoint saves.		Visit my Amazon wish lists to see my 4-star and 5-star PC games:	http://www.amazon.com/gp/registry/wishlist/BEYS4KHZTP24/	http://www.amazon.com/gp/registry/wishlist/35VC2S12P5A8R/
1,Pros: 1. Copied many concepts from MVP 2005 such as hot/cold zones, pitching meter, anologue stick power.		2. ESPN like replay quality with the two teams playing each other shown.		3. Good broadcasting.		Cons: 1. A clone copy of the two other games from LAST YEAR.		2. Poor Graphics.		3. Limited announcing phrases.		4. Wasn't having nearly as much fun as with usual video games.		Overall: This game had more negatives than positives. I liked last years version better.
1,I hated this game so much I threw it in a fire and flushed it down the toilet.
1,[...]		So pretty much going with the Capcom trend they're releasing another version, the only catch is that if you bought this one, you're done for since the newer version won't have any upgrade options like Street Fighter did with the latest release.		I bought it a couple of months ago.  I live overseas in a country where the income isn't as much as in the US so to say that I regret this purchase is an overstatement.  In any case don't say that I didn't warn you.
1,If this game even took 3 hours to finish I'd be surprised.  I got the game for free, but can't imagine how bad I'd feel if I had dropped $20 on it.  I could see it being worth 5000 Nintendo points or maybe even 8000 ($8) but that is it.  The game itself is somewhat interesting, though quite easy too.  I played this on a DSI XL, I can't imagine how hard it must be to find objects using the tiny regular DS screen.  The ending was aweful and restarted the game from square one.  I read a review here where someone was playing through it 3-4 times to get all the scrolls, this game has no replay value since it is heavily text based.  I really cannot believe a simple game like this was brought to market at such a high price.  A much more challenging puzzle game is Trauma Center which takes about 7 hours to complete but has some replay value plus it's way more interesting.
1,This game, although somewhat fun with 4 people has a terrible single player mode and fight physics that rival that of my grandmother. Hardcore fighting fans must steer clear from this abomination of a game. Inevitably once you get 4 friends over to play the game does become fun, but then surely gets repetitive. As you play for a week you master it without any real skill involved and in the end your just said you spent 50 bucks on a mediocre party game.	Don't buy unless your have a 6 year old kid who has 3 friends following him around.
1,Ether One is an interesting title.  While many would call it a "Walking Simulator" these days, it's actually a bit more involved than you would think.  I'd love to give Ether One a glowing recommendation due to the incredibly tough subject the story tackles about dementia and the effect it has on individuals, but I'm unable to recommend this title on the Playstation 4 console as it is completely broken.		As a collector, I am currently attempting to obtain all titles published by Soedesco as I am finding myself falling in love with many of the independent titles they're bringing to consoles.  Ether One caught my eye when I came to this page and saw one of the developers (Pete Bottomley ) attempting to get more information from people claiming the title was a buggy mess.  This interest the developer was taking in an attempt to fix this port, quickly lured me into a purchase.  Just to clarify in advance, I purchased this game knowing full well that I was going to experience a game that was nearly impossible to complete due to several game-breaking bugs that I already read all about before purchasing it.  As a gaming enthusiast, this was my attempt to provide the developers with as feedback as possible, so they can get this brilliant title running how it should.		I will now proceed to provide that feedback here as I do feel as a consumer, people should be warned about what they're potentially getting themselves into if they decide to purchase this title.  There will be no spoilers regarding the games story and while I was unable to finish it myself-- I saw several videos of people completing it on Youtube (so I could see the story through) and read the other plot points on the games Wikipedia page.		My first hour within the world of Ether One was smooth and I thought I might get lucky to not encounter any issues after updating to patch 1.02.  It wasn't until I took a break just a few puzzles before the dreaded "candle puzzle."  I saved my game from the menu and uploaded it to the cloud as recommended by the trophy guide, due to the games extremely high chance of bugging.  When I returned to the game a few hours later; upon loading my file, I immediately noticed the sound was glitching.  Various sound effects were popping-in and out rapidly; I paused the game and calmly reloaded my save.  This resolved the issue-- or so I thought.  While following the platinum trophy guide on Youtube, I noticed that one of the characters that speaks to you throughout the game was not speaking on my game and her subtitles weren't showing as usual.  I knew this was bad news, but I pressed-on as it seemed like the puzzles were still allowing me to proceed.		I proceeded with extreme caution at this point and began saving on save file 2, in an attempt to keep my one good file that was working fine before I took a break.  As I proceeded to the candle puzzle I mentioned above, this is when things began to plummet quickly.  Following the video walkthrough (and several texts faq's), I was completely unable to get the puzzle solved.  The projector that is supposed to repair itself, would not do so-- regardless of any actions I attempted from the various guides.  This is when I began digging deeper on this puzzle specifically.  I found dozens of threads on Steam about some desperate individuals even attempting to restart the entire game and were still unable to complete this puzzle upon their return.  I followed any trick people said they got to work for them and still had no luck.  In a desperate and anger-filled rage, I began placing the bible on any flat surface in the area and frantically lighting candles and then quickly blowing them out; after 20 minutes of mindlessly attempting to trick the game (by using quick and frantic actions)-- eventually, it worked-- the solution made no sense as the correct amount of candles were not even lit and the bible was not on the correct podium as instructed by ANY guides.  I thought I may have been in the clear as this was the most discussed bug in the game.  I was very, very wrong.		This would happen several more times during the game and the final straw happened just about an hour before completing the game.  It was always a similar situation.  I noticed it always started around the sound glitches it seemed.  Every time the audio popped or characters would stop speaking like they were suppose to (based on the guides I was following), I knew I was about to get the game-breaking bug.  Every time I knew I was going to get hit with it, I did. I would complete the puzzle and since the audio effect that occurs when completing a puzzle wouldn't go off, the projector wouldn't repair itself so I could move on to the next puzzle.  At several points, I actually heard the audio queues and the projector still wouldn't do anything.  I could even scroll down in the video guide and see people complaining about the same bugs in the Youtube comment section.  Some people getting by just fine and others furiously leaving their frustration behind.		It seems the game just doesn't register the completion of its own puzzles correctly.  Not only are some of them so obtuse (I seriously don't know how some people figured many of them out at all), but everyone seems to complete them differently-- and it's not that the puzzles are random, they're simply just broken.  The projectors never seem to trigger consistently, every time that one actually repaired itself without having to reload a checkpoint, I was thrilled.  That is how exhausting it is to play this game on the Playstation 4.  It seemed a lot of PC players are still struggling with the candle puzzle, but that version sounds far less broken then what console gamers would eventualy receive.		From what I hear, it was more of an issue with the developers jumping from Unreal Engine 3 to Unreal Engine 4.  Even with that sympathy in mind, I'm still not quite sure how they didn't catch this.  Ether One needed several more months before being launched.  Especially, as a free PS Plus title; I'm even more shocked that Sony (with it's stricter QA policies) allowed this one to get by.  The digital version suffers from many of the same issues, it's not unique to the physical version published here by Soedesco.		Even with all this ranting; this game is worth playing, if they can manage to fix it.  I know how it ends and the story is fantastic and the voice-acting is some of the better I have heard from an independent title.  The game looks beautiful as well and the color palette is stunning at times.  I was most impressed by the games steady framerate.  I mean, it runs perfectly-- until you encounter one of the many bugs that is!		While I am determined to get through the bugs and complete my save file of this title, I can't say I'm not disappointed it turned out even buggier than I could have imagined, even based on what I read.  Mr. Bottomley, your team has far more work to do; though with that said,  I'm fascinated by the daring attempt at telling a story of this magnitude and complexity.  I highly anticipate the teams next venture into this entertainment medium and hope these issues do not haunt your talented studios next amazing project.  Good luck and until I can report otherwise, proceed with extreme caution gaming enthusiasts!
1,This is pretty crappy if you ask me but it's not like I was expecting much from 4KIDS,oops my bad I meant from nintendo.		The graphics are pretty awful but then again its on the WII so expect sub-par ps2 level graphics.		Sound is decent they were generous enough to include a music cd which is nice.		Controls are awful as usual its the WII,most WII users are used to crap controls. I have also been running into problems with wiimote+ like having to recalibrate every 5 mins.		Story is typical kiddie nintendo fluff not worth reading and not worth payin attention to either.		well I guess thats all folks bad game is bad	Final verdict	1/5(I am  being generous here)
1,If you like resident evil 4, don't not buy this game.
1,Did not like it. It did not play at all. I put it in the Sega Genesis and the only thing that came up when I turned it on was a red screen. Tried it many other times, outcome still the same.
1,I'm so disappointed with this game. It has sullied the reputation of one of the greatest series I've ever played: Elder Scrolls. Going from Skyrim to this game is like going from Mass Effect 3 to Mass Effect 1; a big step backwards in graphics and storyline. The graphics look very early PS3. The online service is free (with paid PSN service), but it is incredibly slow and iffy. I had to wait twenty minutes one night to play the brand new game I just bought. Maybe the service is faor now, since less people are playing. I sold it on Craig's List after a week of frustrating play.
1,I bought these to use with my PS4 controller.  Please do not make my mistake.		The PS4 controller is much-improved over the PS3 controller, in a few ways, but one of them is the analog sticks, which are more responsive, made of a more grippable type of plastic/rubber, and shaped differently (rather than rounded off, they are more flat, and even a slightly concave center.		Still, my hands get sooooo sweaty during intense gameplay, that my thumbs were still slipping off at inopportune times.  So I started looking for ways to improve the grip surface.  I tried cutting appropriately-sized circles out of velcro (the furry side, not the plastic hooky side) and sticking them on top of the sticks.  That actually worked fairly well.  I also tried bumble bee yoyo break pad stickers (cork), which worked extremely well, but kind of hurt a little (due to the hard edges around the star-like ridge shape).  I also tried cutting circles out of bumpy rubbery tub tread stickers.  That didn't work at all.		Then I thought "maybe someone makes a product to add grip to analog sticks", and sure enough, I found 3 or 4 different products like this on Amazon.com.  I didn't go overboard .. I only ordered 2 different ones:		The first one, this product (Skyque Silicone Thumb Stick Grip Cap" was a TOTAL waste of money.  It says silicon, which made me think they'd be rubbery, but they were fairly hard plastic, and actually made my sweaty thumbs slip even more.  Seriously .. the controller without the cap grips MUCH BETTER than with these caps on.		The second product I tried, however, by the company GRIP-IT, are awesome.  I highly recommend them.  They are textured, very rubbery, very non-slip ... a definitely huge improvement.  They were bit tricky to get on, and get them centered, which worried me at first that they might come off, but they don't.  Once they're on, they stay on very well, and feel great.		It also occurred to me that a tiny puff of baby powder / talc powder absorbs moisture and improves grip, so I've been doing that too sometimes.  Not a lot, so your hands are all powdery.  Just a tiny amount.
1,I played two games on this and haven't played since because I thought the whole thing was not very good. It is just some mini games that really, in my opinion, aren't worth buying. They are supposed to teach you all there is to know about using the controller to play Wii, but honestly, you can learn all that from other games (like the included Sports games) like I did. Pointless really. I was disappointed.	I bought this with a "bonus" controller, so at least the game itself was only about $10.
1,ah!
1,This is from the point of view for those of us with large heads.		My personal experience was unfortunately not very good with this headset. I read other reviews that said individuals comfortably wore these headphones with glasses...well that might fly for a ten year old sized head, but for a full grown, 6 ft+ adult such as myself, there was no way I was going to comfortably wear this headset, much less so with my glasses on. I started to get a headache from the pressure after wearing the headset for 5 minutes.		Second, the sound quality wasn't very good. This might have been exasperated by the fact that on my headset, only one side produced any sound when I had the earphones plugged all the way into the mini-amp that came with the headset. When I pulled the plug out a bit, then I got sound in both headphones, but it was fairly lackluster and even with the volume on max on both my computer and the mini-amp, it still wasn't very loud.		Last problem was that the microphone didn't work.
1,My console and game collection was stolen in a home invasion, so I had to look at the current XBox 360 offering so I could replace my 360 Elite.		I was very disappointed with the offerings. It's an XBOX 360 and therefore it lets you play your games, but this far into the product cycle, I'd expect so much more. However, if you want a large drive and HDMI it's the only choice you really have.		Here are a list of the problems I encountered, most due to the product itself:		[--] It is advertised as "the newest" version of the product, yet it is using the older chipset that is prone to E74 errors.		[--] The HDMI cable that comes with it is garbage. I plugged the 360 into my Denon 3806 receiver using the HDMI cable and there was no signal. I then plugged the 360 directly into my 60" Sony SXRD via HDMI and there was no signal. I plugged my Digital Cable box directly into the TV using it and the picture was faded, blurry, snowy, fuzzy, dark, purple, unwatchable. I used another off-the-shelf HDMI cable and everything worked perfectly.		My PS3 didn't come with an HDMI cable at all, but what's the point of providing a component that doesn't even work?		[--] The two games come in a single combined case. My case was smashed and green plastic chunks were all over the place inside the product packaging.		[--] The headset that comes with the 360 continues to be disposable garbage.		[--] At the current price of this product, Microsoft should be providing a rechargeable controller battery by default rather than a pack of AAs.		[--] The XBOX 360 Elite packaging itself (the box Microsoft ships it in) had clearly been opened before I got it. The circular adhesive tape that closes one end of the product had been cut open and then a second piece of tape had been placed back over it. To Amazon's credit, when I asked them to confirm if I had a used 360 or a new one, they didn't even bother answering and just told me they had already shipped out a replacement that would arrive in 24 hours (and it did).
1,The worst online gaming experience of my life. I can honestly not put it any better than that. My brief and I mean very brief 2 weeks stay in this game has left me permanently scarred for life. Second Life can be summed up none better than a paradise for trolls,perverts, and the socially awkward.		Most of SL is about virtual sex as you will see have dressed characters and in game adult themed places and items pretty much everywhere. Even in non adult areas. You simply can't avoid it. Anyone who plays will lie to you and try to sell you the game as a "virtual" world where you can sight see and build things but that honestly makes up a small portion of the game. Maybe people did that 8 years ago but today those places are empty.		Second Lifes population has dwindled as people moved on with their lives but all thats really left are the type of people that you would more than likely not wish to be involved with in any life. Desperate housewives that use the game to virtually cheat on their husbands, lunatics that think the game is real and have substituted it for their actual life, Grown adult weirdoes that like to dress up as animals or role play as children (sure might sound innocent but nothing in this game is innocent), sexual predators and the sexually perverted mostly found playing something called Gorean or running around in rape cities, nerdy adults that want to be vampires, and above all else the worst crowd of all needy/clingy people that use Second Life to get a girlfriend or boyfriend because they fail to do so in the real world.		Its hard to play Second life without feeling pathetic or feeling pity for the people that do play it and have been playing it faithfully for years. Then theres the age old tale of My first life is great but they dump at least 80 hours a week into an online game. Give me a break. Youre real life sucks thus why your in SL trying to escape it. The common lie in second life is that its not a game but a virtual world. This will be told to you over and over again by the highly delusional players of second life. Second life IS a GAME. Just a very outdated one thats no longer relevant. Those that still think of it as a virtual world should perhaps actually catch up to modern times and see what other games youve been missing. If I had to sum it up Second Life is like Grand Theft Auto with the creativeness of Little big planet except without the fun and a terrible buggy platform and engine to build on.		Its a sandbox game where you decide what your fun should be. Its still a game and an MMORPG as everyone on there is role-playing. Either role playing that they're attractive as their avatar or role playing that this game doesnt suck. Its a virtual world as much as any MMORPG with a chat interface and zones to explore or any other online game. The only difference with second life is that the developers make RW money off the land players purchase to build their imaginary zones (which cost hundreds of real dollars youll waste).		So is the game good or is it bad? Well? As a game it was probably good maybe 6-8 years ago but it hasn't aged well. It has the graphics of Windows 95, the world is highly glitchy and buggy. Vehicles can hardly be used because so many places don't allow them and their buggy anyway even if you get to use them, the game crashes randomly and constantly, and to top it off the game is highly tolerant of its problems so they're never fixed.		If you enjoy games youve probably already played plenty better than this and ones albeit with saner people. The most normal folks youll encounter in this game are the trolls because the trolls now its a game and are there to get a laugh. Other players? Well they just seem someone lost mentally.		Some might think its harsh for me to say those things but until you venture into this world you wouldnt truly understand. Second Life is just a haven for delusional people with mental problems to bring their problems into a gave where they can live life as normal as they possibly can by pretending to be normal.		I met a guy playing a Furry shemale Wolf/Aligator as they explained to me in their profile. If that alone doesnt make you eyebrows raise than you might be ready to play second life. Whatever this game once was it is no longer and its no surprise that any corporation pulled themselves from this game as soon as they saw what a cesspool it was. The good community is apparently gone and the company that youd much rather not keep is left.		Id say if you must play second life than play it but do so with caution. If youd rather keep your sanity theres much better games out there now a days to play.
1,Fun game, BUT...		Its sucks.  The game is badly designed.	1.  Graphics are choppy and slow.	2.  Loading is constant and long. Its part of the game to go from the game to a menu of enemies you must target.  The problem is the loading from on to the other and then back to the game take FOREVER to play.	3.  Controls sometimes take control and screws up your plans.
1,i use a nicko xbox external fan that sticks to your xbox. one time i forgot it on and it stayed 3 days and i found no red ring
1,If you're trying to find something fresh and new then this is the game for you...  Instead of limiting the amount of experience gained through grinding, or limiting the effect quests have on your exp gain.  The devs of this game decided to limit the amount of PvE encounters you will see in this game.  You can just wander around for 40 minutes and you'll eventually see a yellow dot on your mini map, however it seems like every time you do there will be at least 4 players around that yellow dot.  I'm not saying that a game should just give away levels like Blizzard does, but heck.  What's the point in playing a game if it takes you hours just to hit level 5?  Every MMO has population issues at the begining, and this is the first one that I've played that doesn't have something to compensate for it.  Do things spawn faster? no.  Are there a lot of spawn points? no.  This game is like playing Oblivion with hundreds of other people.  Walk three football fields to find something to fight, just to have it already engaged by someone else.  /yawn		The interface isn't all that bad.  You click, hit enter, then choose your attack.  Big whoop.  Not real slow, but not as user friendly as other interfaces.		Lag?  Not that I've seen.		Changing character classes will cost you at least 1200gil to buy the level one class weapon.		Loot?  All I've seen so far is vendor trash.  You may as well make a crafter, then start your adventurer class after you make your own gear.		This isn't the worst MMO I've played, but it isn't the best.  I can honestly say that this game lasted longer than City of Heroes....  If the devs took the time and realized that it's boring to aimlessly run around to find the meager pve scraps, this game could be great.  However, seeing how they handled FFXI, I doubt they'll ever change it.  And this game will end up with Aion, AoC, and Lord of the Rings Online, in the list of games that tried to take on WoW and failed miserably.
1,The sound quality was excellent. I also thought the headphones were very comfortable.		The Mic was a disaster for me. It broke in 15 days.		I would recommend this headset for anyone who doesn't use Vent or another voice service to play games. if you just use your headset for sound then I would recommend these. The sound quality ranks up there with the best headsets I own but the Mic is a total joke.
1,Takes 4gb hard drive still couldn't playback
1,Didn't cool my PS3 at all, and when I tried removing it a piece that clips onto the back grate snapped off and got stuck inside the PS3
1,the item was as expected and I do appreciate that the seller and amazon who fulfilled the shipment came through as far as the item being able to be used as expected it even came with a silicone glove for a controller as an added unexpected surprise but I still have to give this item a bad review because it cost me about $56 and when I loaded up the Wii shop channel to add the points from the card I saw that you could add points by buying them with a credit card at $0.01 a point exactly with the options of buying at the lowest $10.00 for 1000 points ,the highest $50.00 for 5000 points and more options in between  so since I spent about $56 for 2000 points I feel like I lost $36 because I wasn't aware of the option to buy points directly from the Wii shop channel using a credit card. Next time I will buy a gift card with the marking /trademark /brand( whatever it's called)(that's accepted by the Wii shop channel) that is usable like a debit card in the sense that you can only buy items priced with in the funds of the gift card, and I recommend to anyone who is lacking in Wii points in order to buy what they want from the Wii shop channel to do the same.
1,There is something wrong with this system. It "acts" like it is wired in series and not parallel. I placed both controllers onto the base unit, then depressed both controllers to start the charge cycle. Only one controllers light came on, and charged. The second controllers light would not come on and the controller would not charge until I removed the first controller from the base unit by depressing it and allowing it to spring up out of the base unit connect. Once the first controller was removed, the second controller's light came on and it started to charge. When the light shut off, the controller was fully charged.		I repeated this during subsequent charge cycles with the same results. This unit will only charge one controller at a time, yet I have verified that both connectors have power and will charge each controller separately, just not with both controllers hooked up to the base unit at the same time.
1,This game was great and I loved it from the start. Alittle bumpy at first with the overload on the servers and why you must be online to even play solo is dumb. But to nerf good items and then make durability so bad that i die 2 times and it cost 27,000 gold!!!!??? WTF?! I cant afford to repair items when everything is about 1 million gold on the auction house???!!!!!!! So what i start a new character to make gold so i can play with my main again!? I uninstalled this game and don't suggest to anyone to buy it! Buy the 2nd one if your not a GFX freak it is more fun!
1,a very disappointing installment to this franchise.  I have enjoyed all of the call of duties up to this point, but they just tried to top themselves too much in this one.  if you design a game in a franchise you should stick with what has worked for you in the past.  the game play seemed more like halo odst than it did modern warfare.
1,I love madden, I have all the madden games since 20 years ago. But the reason this get a one star is I paid 100 dollars for the sunday ticket, and i went over to directv to activate my code, guess what, you need to be a directv subsicriber to watch it for free, or you can upgrade to sunday ticket max for 50 dollar a month to watch it on tablet, computer or phone. So this offer only work for people who already have direct tv!! False advertisement!!!
1,This is my least favorite version of CoD.  I played the story and was done.  Should have just rented this turd.
1,They don't tell you a lot of things, like that they really are not making new games or that the "family share" plan for PSN+ doesn't work on the Vita like it does for the PS4.  We ended up having to shell out for another 1yr sub for PSN+ just so my son can use his gift cards and download the monthly free games.  Worst console experience ever.  Sony should really step up and make sure their devices all work in a similar fashion.
1,Didn't care for this game. It was just individual  trial games. It had no story line to follow like some of the others do.
1,Spy games don't come along too often, so when I heard that Obsidian was developing a spy RPG, I was fairly excited. At the same time, I was also a little weary. I used to LOVE the talent behind Obsidian. This, after all, is a studio formed by many of the top talent that formerly worked at Interplay and the much-venerated Black Isle Studios. Between 9 and 12 years ago, I went through some of the best gaming experiences thanks to the original Fallout games, Planescape: Torment and Icewind Dale. Despite this rich history, starting with Star Wars: KOTOR II Obsidian's products have become progressively worse. KOTOR II had a great story but was mired by several bugs and, well...depending on how you made certain choices, large chunks of the story towards the endgame unfolded without a shred of logic. Then they delivered Neverwinter Nights 2, which again had everything going for it, except for some horrendous bugs. At least one bug was game-breaking.		It is the same story with Alpha Protocol. While the plot is serviceable, and the dialogue system is fairly engaging, the rest of the game leaves much to be desired. Graphics, character models and animations are clunky and laughable. From the very first trailer, the game looked long in the teeth. What is shocking is the fact that they used the Unreal 3.0 engine and still botched it up. No its not the best engine out there (*kaff* Crytek *kaff*), but its capable of building some pretty nifty looking worlds.		The sound is very average. Personally I've heard worse voice acting, especially in some of the European imports. The music fits the mood (some plain Bond/Bourne rip-offs) but doesn't have much character.		Gameplay is mostly bad, but there are a few bright spots. The gunplay is wonky - and is particularly frustrating if you, like myself, spent a couple of months earlier this year with Commander Shepard and Co. Mini-games like hacking get old fast, but that's a complaint I have about mini-games in a lot of RPGs. Surprisingly I like the time-limit in the dialogue choices. It really makes you feel like you are a spy under pressure and its quite a thrill to decide someone's fate in the space of 5 seconds. I also like the weapons/skill customization - which is fleshed out properly enough.		A glaring hole is the (non-existent) artificial intelligence. My favorite bug is when baddies keep on climbing up and down the same ladder for no reason whatsoever.		As far as plot goes...its okay. But then again story has never been Obsidian's weakness. I can see two reasons why Alpha Protocol turned out the way it did. One: Obsidian just wanted to shove this out the door when they inked the deal to develop Fallout New Vegas. And two: They just don't have a good game development process in place. Which is a pity, given the good writers on staff.		I hope Obsidian is taking note as I am certainly not the only individual feeling this way. After this mess, I doubt I'll blindly go out and buy Fallout New Vegas - original developers or no (I am so bloody scared about how it turns out!) From now on, Obsidian is going to have to work hard to get my hard-earned money.		My advice to prospective buyers: wait till the game hits the sub $30 mark - give it 6 to 12 months. Actually you are better of re-visiting an old RPG like The Witcher or something. Hell, fire up Dragon Age for the third time if you must! I know I did just to get the bad taste out of my mouth.
1,Good movie if your into watching movies instead of playing video games.  To me it was like watch movie pick choice watch movie pick another choice.  There wasn't much time spent playing a game.  I don't like watching movies when I am supposed to be playing a game.  I was bored and aggravated the majority of this game.
1,You know that rule about comic book movie adaptations that have really bad tie-in video games? Yeah, that's in full effect with Thor: God of Thunder. From the same crew that was behind Sega's two Iron Man games (and the upcoming Captain America game), Thor puts you in the boots of the titular God of Thunder as he takes on Frost Giants and other assorted baddies, in a style that is pretty much a quasi-God of War ripoff. That in itself would only make the game monotonous, but combine that with the dated graphics engine (it looks like an early PS2 game), buggy gameplay, and horrible controls, and you have a game that is flat out atrocious. Actors Chris Hemsworth and Tom Hiddleston, who portray Thor and Loki respectively in the film, sound like they're both half asleep, and the game as a whole feels like it was so rushed out of the gate that it comes off as being unfinished. Avoid.
1,PROS: I like the graphics and the look of the Sims. The scenery is beautiful. The homes are beautiful. I love the new roof styles.		Customizing the Sims is fun. A great deal has already been said about creation so I won't add to that. There is a decent variety of clothing. Eventually you will find many of your Sims wearing similar clothes because you can pick out multiple outfits for them. As I like a certain look, it gets repeated often.		Load times are quick. Im running it on a Windows 7 system and find the load times acceptable.		CONS: It has been one glitch after another. I could care less about the loss of toddlers. They were the most difficult to care for anyway. Im happy they added pools. But what would make me really happy is not to have to go from one issue to the next. First it seemed that the game crashed constantly. Ive never had a Sims game crash this much. Move a Sim into a new home. Crash! Try to save a game. Crash! Try to exit to the neighborhood. Crash! Okay. Then that was fixed to a certain extent. Then I couldn't get it to shut down. That was fixed. Then Sims couldn't get food from the fridge without forgetting everything in their queue. Last week, I created a Sim using a Sim Id created previously in CAS. I changed his name, personality, eye color, hair color and hair style. Who knew that this would cause his alter ego (who was now an elder) to disappear altogether and be replaced by him? My new Sim was at once a new person and the old Sim. He was sort of in the old house with a grayed out picture and his wife was in love with him. And he was in the new home where he did not know anyone and was not married. And now I cant play at all. I click on a house and it acts like its going to load only to put me back at the neighborhood screen.		There are minor details that are so annoying. When Sims marry their last name doesnt change. And the person they marry doesnt move into the house. You have to go to the neighborhood screen to move them. (And probably initiating a crash.) Throwing parties is a chore since you have a specific set of goals to achieve to make the party a success. There are a limited number of lots and Maxis filled many of them with expensive homes your Sims won't be able to afford right away. I could go on with the issues		2 STARS: I skipped Sims 3 because I thought the Sims were ugly so Ive been looking forward to this game for a REALLY long time. As a fan that started playing with the original game, it pains me to say that this game sucks. I preordered Sims 4 a year in advance but if this latest glitch isn't addressed soon, Im going to uninstall and go back to Sims 2.
1,I have a Gamecube and Xbox and a PS2 and by far the PS2 is the worst.  The systems have their own speacal things.  The Xbox has great shooters, the Gamecube has great kids games (Mario Games) but the ps2 has nothing!  They barely have any original games!!  The gamecube and Xbox have many original games.  Also the PS2 games are not that great.  The memory cards also cost a lot more than the Gamecube memory cards are a lot cheaper.
1,The leading 5 star review said just this: "slow and floaty" to which I would add imprecise and *yawn* boring. I mean, neo-geo battle coliseum was better- and that was bad.  Stick with Guilty Gear , King of Fighters  ( even the newest one with the super-cheap boss was way better than this - uh - poo...)	or if you don't like unique or obscure try Street Fighter 4 - Or 3 if you need to stay on ps2.
1,didn't work
1,If you liked Warcraft III you may like this game. The game has a good engine, good sounds, good cinematic and characters are detailed, but that is all.		If the makers would had put some cool effects when using a spell or an ability, the game would be better. Buildings and fortress are a joke. Gameplay is all about units quantities, didn,t see much strategy in this game. The ending of the campaign was very disappointing.		This game could have been great, but it isn't.		In conclusion, i would recommend to try a demo before buying this game. I didn't like it, so i won't recommend it. Try something like Battle for Middle Earth instead.
1,$14 for cardboards and some plastic ....
1,I get the gripes.....There's nothing new and exciting, nothing that makes you want to play it anymore. I thinks its user friendliness has gone down, functions of game play are harder to figure out and the world isn't as open. This was a fail from EA. Lazy work. I played it twice for about an hour each time and haven't thought about playing it again. Bummer.
1,This review is intended to help educate potential buyers of Bioshock 2 about a few of the major downsides of the way 2K has decided to sell the game. If you've already made up your mind to buy it, or already own it, this review isn't for you. If on the other hand you're on the fence, I'd love to point out a few things that are very troubling about Bioshock 2:		1) The game REQUIRES online activation. If you are a serviceman/servicewoman stationed in Baghdad (or anywhere in the field without internet) you're totally screwed. Requiring an internet connection to activate is offensive in itself, but coupled with the other major issues with this game's DRM scheme, it just keeps getting worse.		2) The game limits the number of times you can install it. I don't care if they give me 1,000 installs, any limit on how long I can use a game I paid for simply isn't acceptable. I'm not paying for the 'privilege' of installing how ever many times 2K or anyone else thinks is appropriate. If I buy a game, I want to actually BUY it, meaning I OWN IT and CAN DO WHAT I WANT WITH IT. If I buy the game and don't like it, how can I resell it? How can I verify to the person I'm selling it to that it has installations left? This is just a petty and insulting way to treat paying customers. I don't want to have to come crawling back to 2K or Microsoft to explain why I might need more installations for a game I already gave them forty or more dollar for. And what if they close their doors at some point in the future? How can I be guaranteed I'll still have access to my game?		3) Securom, the DRM package used by Bioware, installs with the game and there is no option to install it without Securom. That means you get a program running in the background when you play the game that can create issues for other programs on your computer. Don't believe me? I experienced all sorts of issues with the Securom that installed with Mass Effect I including it screwing up my drivers for my optical drives because it didn't like the fact that I has DeamonTools on my computer. I don't want crapware or potential security threats loading on my computer alongside the game!		4) You MUST create a WindowsLive account if you want to access certain parts of the game. I hate WindowsLive and everything to do with it and don't want to create accounts to play my game. I want to install it, run the game, and be on my merry way. Forcing creation of an account is what marketers call "forced opt-in" and it opens you up to all sorts of information mining so that Microsoft or whoever collects the data can sell it to marketing companies. Forced opt-ins just flat out suck and I hate when companies force you to jump through their hoops to play their game.		SO WHY DOES THE GAME COME LOADED UP WITH THIS NONSENSE????		2K would say its to fight piracy. I say bull-****. DRM doesn't affect pirates as they're already downloading the widely available and free versions of this (and any other game) from torrent sites. To the inevitable idiots who will spam the comments of this review accusing me of being either a pirate or too poor to buy the game: 1) I own literally hundreds of games and paid for every single one of theme and 2) if I was a pirate I'd already be playing the game from a torrent site without any of the limitations of DRM. Bottom line: if you want to pirate the game, it's pretty amazingly easy. I don't pirate because I'm honest, but neither do I give my money to game makers who like to insult my intelligence by telling me DRM is 'necessary' or that force me to install crapware on my computer.		Thanks but no thanks. I'll take a pass on this one.		**********UPDATE 02/17/2010**********		I had the opportunity to play Bioshock II on my friend's Xbox. Frankly I wasn't impressed with the game itself. It's very much a copy of the original game with very little that is new. I thought the game would center around being an all powerful Big Daddy. You do play as a Big Daddy, but you're not any stronger than the human character starting out in Bioshock I. I expected them to let you be more powerful but also introduce more powerful / numerous opponents. Instead, the same collection of splicers come in twos and threes just like the original game. So as a Big Daddy, it takes 2-3 melee hits (with a huge-*** drill bit mind you) to kill a splicer. It takes them 4-5 melee hits to kill you. That's just simply stupid considering when you fight another Big Daddy it takes a HUGE amount of firepower to bring one down. The whole concept of being a Big Daddy is diminished because you really are not any more powerful.		It's like they took EVERYTHING from the first game, just tweaked it a bit, and called it a new game. There is nothing new that feels significant. The weapons are not exciting, and some of them feel almost useless (the shotgun for one). Only the spear gun and rivet gun have a satisfying quality to them.		You still have the same simplistic moral choice (harvest or rescue Little Sisters), the same voice over the radio guiding you, and the same antagonistic voice prodding you along as you progress through the game. You get plasmids in the same order (electricity, then fire, then ice) and use them to solve the same problems as before (opening doors with electricity, melting snow with fire, etc...). Really it feels like they just redid the first game with less compelling characters and a less compelling storyline.		I'm actually VERY glad I didn't buy this game, even if it were DRM free because it isn't that interesting. It's a rehash of the first and doesn't have anything really remarkable to distinguish it. Honestly, I've played MODS that were free that provided a better gaming experience than this. A good example would be the BT MOD for Oblivion which made Oblivion feel like an entirely new game. For the price 2k is asking (full retail for a new game!) it's just ridiculous.		There are much better options out there. Go get Mass Effect II if you don't have it yet, or even Call of Pripyat from the venerable STALKER series. Both are a lot better than this.		Final thoughts:		It doesn't bother me if you want to buy this game and install it. I just want you to have all the facts before you do. If you don't agree with my perspective that's fine--this is a free country (assuming you live in the USA). Bottom line: some people do care about protecting consumer rights and I'm one of those people. Agree or disagree, I think everyone should have the right to information about the product they're buying. Especially when the game itself isn't even that great.
1,Not sure why they took the first person view away! I really HATE staring at my butt for hours on end. when they add it back I may change my view as I could only stand 30min of read this and click that.
1,Please ignore all these one star reviews that nintendo nuts are giving the PSP. They are just angry Nintendo fanboys who are upset that they've been outdone in every concievable way yet again by Sony. Nintendo never learns, and when their backs are turned, Sony always comes in and takes over their market. They did it with the N64 and now they are doing it with the PSP. The PSP is the ultimate hand held gaming machines that is worth every penny. Want to know why its more expensive than the DS? Thats because it has better games, graphics, and can do alot more than just play games.		These reviwers are little kids who can't afford a beautiful PSP and so they are mad because mummy and daddy won't buy it for them and so they are stuck with their ultra cheap crappy Nintendo DS so they feel they have to stick up for their crappy hand held no matter how awful it really is. Want to know why the DS is much cheaper? Thats because you get what you pay for. Cheap system for cheap money. It costs so little because it plays like a ten year old garbage console. You want to complain about dead pixels? How about 3D games that are so pixelated you can barely see what's going on screen. Thats what you get with the DS. Oh and don't forget those ten year old Game Boy games you can play....wow....how...exciting.		Do yourself a favor. Get yourself or your kid a PSP because anything else is just embarassing.
1,offline. don't work
1,interesting idea but a boring game
1,For being so pricy, you'd think the designers would've made something a little less... lazy. There's absolutely nothing to this display. The Infinity pad creates the top, and without it, it's nothing more than an open-top piece of octagonal plastic. Which means you must either: 1) stack the two, or 2) only use one. The plastic itself is pretty robust, but the Infinity pad doesn't sit quite right on either piece. For the money, I would definitely recommend something else to display/store your Infinity characters.
1,If you've played X-Men Legends, then you already know exactly how you'll feel about this game, as it is basically the same with a new coat of paint.  That is, if playing with all these Marvel characters is exciting for you, then go for it--but frankly, this is basically a glorified platform or arcade game, where you move around a maze and smash things and pick up coins like you were Sonic the Hedgehog.  That can be fun--but expect little more, as this is clearly not next-generation gaming.  The character upgrade system is needlessly complex, and often the powers are redundant (you probably don't need twelve different ways to punch something).  And perhaps most glaringly irritating about this game is the absolutely horrendous voice acting and overall story.  This thing is covered in cheese, and not in a good way.  I think the developers of this game really need to move on to a new way of looking at video games.
1,weak game!!!
1,I have no hate towards this game but of the 4 hours I played this game I was rather bored. Simply put, it does not deliver a very interesting experience. While the game looks great visually and the controls are very tight and responsive, the story is nearly nonexistent and tells the tale of generic space drama, invaders, big metal ball, etc but nothing really stands out. The multiplayer is somewhat interesting and the gun play is smooth enough, but the much touted single player is very barebones, if you like hunting for loot and collectibles look elsewhere. There's only 1 ability per "class" and it leaves much to be desired, they could have crafted such wonderful game but opted instead to go the lazy route. They spent millions and I've played budget indie games better than this. I cannot for the life of me understand the massive following this game has, people will buy anything.
1,This is another over-hyped game from EA that is all hype and DRM. Don't waste your money.
1,I bought this controller for Killzone 2 and liked it well enough.  Coming from the ergo-awesome 360 controller, I needed something a little less wrist twisting than the DS3.  For the 10 or so hours I used the controller, it seemed quite nice.  However, something happened.		For whatever reason, my controller started vibrating without any input.  I tried to reset the controller, but it continued to vibrate.  I even let the batter completely wear down for a good week and still, when I charged it back up, it started vibrating again.		Normally, I wouldn't worry about it since this type of issue should be covered under a warranty.  However, as soon as I contacted customer service at DreamGear, I was played like a fiddle.		Not only do they not stand behind their products, but the inner-most workings of this thing must be quite sub-par for it to just start vibrating for no reason and THEN not be able to remedy it.		In summary, the controller design is nice.  However, whats the point of a controller if it doesn't work and if the manufacturer doesn't support their products.  DreamGear has failed in my eyes and I hope no one else makes the mistake of buying their less-than-worthless products.
1,I recently tried out ASB 2005. Before that, I had been playing EA's MVP Baseball for about a month. Maybe that is why ASB seems so horrible to me, because it does not even compare in any way to MVP. First of all, the good things about ASB are the "This week in baseball" feature and the franchise mode seems impressive, but the most important thing, the gameplay, is absolutley pitiful. It is impossible to field ground balls. Almost everything gets through the infield. The pitching in ASB is easier than MVP, but it gives you less control over your pitches. The sound is pathetic compared to MVP. It's muffled and dull, the commentators ramble, the player reactions are stupid, many of the batter stances are totally off. The crowd looks terrible and makes almost no noise, unlike in MVP where you can hear the fans saying stuff like "can i get a hot dog over here" or the vendors in philly saying "cheese steak, get your cheese steak." ASB has none of that. One thing that ASB has on MVP is that the mound visit is better because it gives details on how the pitcher is doing and on the upcoming hitters, but the player attributes are way off. Javy Lopez is given "weak hitting" and Pokey Reese is given "weak speed!" Are you kidding me!?!?! By they way, the music in ASB sucks, unlike MVP which actually pays real bands to use their music. Another plus for MVP is that there are several different slides you can do in MVP, like hook, head first,(each to both sides of the bag), pop-up, and of course foot first. In ASB you can do straight head first or foot first only. Overall, ASB gets a one out of 10, purely because of it's realistic franchise mode, but EA's MVP gets a 9/10, so DON'T waste your money on ASB! GET MVP AND YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED! By the way, I also wrote a separate review for MVP if you're interested. But there's something I don't understand: Why isn't Kevin Millar in either game? Is he too not in the MLBPA?
1,This cord dose not charge the PS4 joystick it just allows you to play it if it's low but once you remove the card joystick did not charge up.
1,***BE CAREFUL THIS DOES HAVE SPOILERS***		  This is the reason why I'm not buying MKX.  It has a lot of bad micro transaction and dlc.  Preorder bonuses was bland and special editions where not available on pc (pc is also broken and not getting all the content).  I actually enjoyed the story even though I feel it was rushed.  Another thing I didn't like about the story is it tried "too hard" to break cliches.  1st gay character, 1st african american female character, 1st female protagonist saves the world, 1st mixed race romance, father mother gender roles swapped.	 Art style looked worse than last.  Graphics are obviously better, but something about the faces of the characters looked washed out (just in my opinion).  Next thing I didn't like what they did with covering up and reducing of all the female characters because of the pressure from the  highly controversial feminist movement in the gaming community right now.  Strangely enough it kind of looks like they did that for the guys too...  To me that is a little ridiculous because of how violent the game is and they don't tone that down at all.  Also if they wanted to go with more realistic characters like back in the day because they used real actors/models.  Why not do that again and find irl busty/muscular actors/models?  Another thing, why not leave a option to turn gore off/on and the same thing with sexiness of the game?  Hell if it costs them money to make more skins, say if people want them, go ahead, make them, charge at a decent price.  Example of good dlc/micro.	 Btw not including Jade was a dumb decision and I know what everyone is going to say, but one of kitana's styles is Jades.  Regardless, Jades character model is not in there and neither is Linda Lee's voice.		Just go buy MK 9 komplete edition for pc and skip this all together even if they come out with a komplete edition.  Gameplay formula is still the same for the most part.
1,If you purchased any NHL game for the PC in the last few years you'll know EA is up to no good when it comes to improving anything.		This year they added Be a Pro and even more simple controls. Now the offensive layout can consist of just three things: Pass, Shoot and Speed Burst. Be a Pro basically you just play as one person through a season and build upon them as you progress.		Everything else seems to be minor improvements. I noticed little to no graphics changes from last years version, just a slightly higher resolution.		To top it off it looks like they got rid of the EA servers for online play. What the !? Not like there were many people online last year, but this is a major blow to the online community. Luckily you can still join other people online by getting their IP address and joining their game. However, this is a major blow from EA considering almost every online game these days has some sort of online server for everyone to play on.		Also, the graphics are STILL not even close to console level which is pathetic. EA needs to get with the program and let those that have great graphics cards to take advantage of a higher graphics engine. If you ever seen the demo of the PS3/360 versions you'll know what I mean.		EA needs to get on the ball with the PC NHL game. The NHL games for the consoles are much more deeper and also look a lot better. At anything above $20 It's hard to recommend buying NHL for the PC year after year. This will be the last year I buy a NHL product by EA for the PC till they decide to make either major improvements or reduce their starter price to $19.99 or less, and even that my friends is a very hard pill to swallow.		Oh well, better luck next year?
1,it not as cool as i was hopeing.
1,My grandchildren didn't care for this at all. They range from 6 1/2 to 14 1/2 years old. I was really disappointed.
1,I understand that Bluetooth is required for my non bluetooth pc and android tv box BUT this product should halve the abilaty to connect to my PS3 wirelessly as the seller answered the question BUT NO,the damn thing needs to be wired with an android charging cable which ARE NOT INCLUDED.In the end,this poor controller ONLY FUNCTIONED AS ADVERATISED ON my Android phone. In reality this dishonest controller should only be worth twelve dollars for what it really does. Matricom could've at least included a dongle for ps3 and pc. I highly recomend Game Sir over this controller.		UPDATE	It's been less than a month now the R3 button stoped working awful purhase.
1,They game is just like GTA, just with a different story. The only fun thing to do is running around the city. But you can only do that for so long		[...]
1,This game is definately faulty.		- when playing in my room, it told me the camera needed more light. Even with the lights it didn't work, yet PS playroom picked me up with no issues.		After taking it outside during the day it finally worked somewhat. When not making any dance moves I got "perfect"....umm ok? The worse of the issues when playing "1st player" out of nowhere the game started to track me as the 3rd player when I was the only one playing the game.		Game was definately rushed.
1,When I got this game I played it for about 2 days and decided it sucks.	Then after a couple of weeks I played it again because some friends said it was cool. I thought I should give it another chance and I played it with friends, but the game just doesn't appeal to me.	It's quake 1/2/3 for me! (even though 3 was a bit disappointing).	I don't get how everyone just seems to like UT.	This is the game that got me back to playing games that actually have a story.
1,Well, the reviews for this thing are mixed and it looks like I'm just one of those people that got a defective product. As soon as I plugged this thing in and moved some files onto it, it corrupted my memory. No problem, I thought. Maybe it was just a one time thing. Maybe it wouldn't happen again. So, I tried creating new save data on it just to be sure and...it corrupted my memory. Needless to say, this thing didn't work for me. I personally wouldn't recommend it and would recommend you all go out and either try to get an official, first party GC memory card or at least one of the more expensive brands. The back of the box is plagued with Engrish, so maybe that was a good sign this thing wasn't going to turn out great...
1,I am a professional gamer and this is the hardest game  i have ever played, not only that, but there is rarely any action to it, so don't let the beginning fool you, this game is worth it if you are professional, i beat it, but not very many people have, ... the worst buy i have ever bought, so don't get it unless it's cheap
1,Feels extremely cheap and the buttons are not as responsive as they should be. I'd recommend a different brand, which is unfortunate because Hori has been great in the past
1,As a big fan of the KOTOR series, I've been looking forward to playing this game.		Then I read about the DRM ...		I didn't buy Bioshock --- because of DRM. I didn't buy Spore --- because of DRM. And now I'm not going to buy Mass Effect --- because of DRM. When will these companies learn? You can't treat your customers like criminals.
1,too small, made for kids
1,Generally the game is superb, its actually great!.. for the Playstation 3.		The xbox version for this game is UNFINISHED, Capcom excluded one of the more exciting features that's	supposed to be included in the game.... Couch online co op (online play with a friend locally) . Couch online co op is not included in the xbox version of this game and won't be	any time soon, according to Capcom's SVEN there are no plans for patching the feature to the xbox		[...]		Capcom is also banning anyone who is making any topics related to the issue		[...]	So don't bother making a topic on the forum.		The Xbox version of this game is not finished and will probably never be. other than that if you enjoy fighting games on your own and just want to play cooperatively online with a friend you can still do that. Still the lack of this feature is disappointing, also Capcom's lack of support for the 360 version is disappointing. albeit its still a solid game.. yet unfinished for the Xbox version.		TLDR: No local online co op on the XBOX version of this game, Capcom has no plans in fixing. PS3 version of this game is superior.		oh and if Capcom actually patches this in, then this review is null.
1,this game is unfair garbage enemies constantley block while the other one hits you from behind kakistos ia unfair ass . he throws firebals hits you when your down and gets four hits on  your slayer ever time the people who made this game are jerks  its no suprise vivendi is  gone don't buy this unfair garbage
1,The package says it's compatible with Rock Band, Rockband II and III but this isn't the case.  The original rock band does not have the jacks to plug the cymbal into.  It is difficult if not impossible to ascertain before purchase.
1,such a horrible game worst game ever made do not buy i repeat do not buy
1,PLEASE DON'T DISLIKE MY REVIEW, THIS IS AN HONEST OPINION AND NOT A SONY BASH!!		Let me start of by saying, I don't own an xbox, xbox 360, or Xbox One and never have. I've only ever purchased nintendo systems, or playstation consoles. I thoroughly enjoyed using my PS3 when I had it, and was excited to get my PS4 at christmas. I purchased the GTA bundle for the revamped visuals, and instead have wasted a chunk of my life playing the Remastered Last of Us (Another review for another time). I was fine playing my games and using my PS4, until I tried connecting movie and music files that I have on my hard drive and I discovered this whole group of people that are just PISSED that the PS4 unlike the PS3 acts more like a dedicated gaming console than a full on media center. I've tried reformatting external drives, usb drives, and nothing reads. I keep getting the "unable to read drive" error code. I am not a computer engineer, but I know how to reformat a drive into a mac oriented or fat 32 drive etc. I just couldn't believe that Sony made it so difficult for what is essentially a $400 computer/consule/media player to read media. Simply unacceptable. Now moving on to playing bluray movies. Although I can't say that the PS4 offers any major improvement over the PS3 besides some speed increase, I don't need it to be a top of the line Bluray player. It just needs to play my movies from time to time. I began to notice that when playing a bluray movie through ARC HDMI to my vizio 7.1 soundbar system, I noticed that there was a noticeable audio lag when playing a movie. At first I though it was either my setup, my TV, or the settings on my soundbar. Researching online, I discovered yet another group of people online who experienced some audio sync issues when playing a movie to a 5.1 or 7.1 entertainment audio system from their PS4, many of which stated that they just kept using their PS3 as their bluray player and their PS4 to play games. Through research I found that there were some solutions such as adjusting the audio lag feature on your surround sound (if you have one), waiting for an update from Sony to fix this issue, or just buying a dedication bluray player. The fact that one would have to find a work around on a $400 console player to be able to function and perform correctly in the first place is unacceptable. In my opinion, Sony has created a console with bells and whistles which has created profit for the company, but when you strip it down to the basics it has issues playing media, playing blurays, has had hacking issues, and has not provided enough exclusive content to show that Sony knows what it is doing. If it weren't for multi platform games and a PS3 fans, Sony's and of the quarter reports would look much different.		Update: 08/01/2015 - Since writing the review, there has been an update that adds a stock media player to the PS4 which is great. However, I am still disappointed with Sony for how sluggishly it brought out this feature. There are many great games on the PS4, but not as many exclusives as I would like. Though I have been having a lot of fun playing the Last of Us Multiplayer (still), and I do enjoy the addition of free games monthly from the PS membership, I can't honestly say that I have enjoyed and gotten as much out of my PS4 as I did my PS3. Of course there are great games on the PS4, but on just focusing on what Sony has created on its own for its console and taking into account the exclusive content, there isn't enough. From beginning to end I enjoyed using my PS3 as my ultimate Media Center. From Games, Movies, Blu-Rays, Streaming apps, the PS3 did it all and well. It even let me use my Logitech universal remote and two years later I am still waiting for a logitech solution for the PS4. Excluding great multi-platform games, some of my favorite (and few) PS4 exclusive games and companies like God of War (Santa Monica) or Little Big Planet haven't been able to make the PS4 Leap of greatness as they did on the PS3.  Where as Crash bandicoot, Devil May Cry, Metal Gear Solid, Tomb Raider, and other Sony Exclusive companies have jumped ship to Microsoft, I haven't seen the same jump to Sony (Capcom recently made Street fighter exclusive to Sony, this doesn't count because it wasn't exclusive to Microsoft in the first place). This is not a reflection on the PS4 as a machine, but on the style of business Sony keeps. I hope Naughty Dog doesn't fall into the same fold. And although backwards compatibility would have been a great addition to a future PS4 model, I at least see Microsoft trying to acknowledge previous purchases and investments there consumers have made in the past, while Sony hasn't. Even the ability to get a digital download or emulator for ps3 digital content should be fair. There are many reasons (10,000 and more as seen by the reviews) to like, love, dislike, and hate this machine. It's a quality machine, with some depth, but as I have stated, in my opinion, not enough.
1,Controller sockets stop working randomly after a short while, only the two middle ports work for me.
1,This game has horrible game-play on PC. Also the updates haven't help much. Also if you have a very powerful gaming PC the game won't like you using all the good settings. The creators of the game offer no support and just like the title of the game GHOSTS. This is the worst COD game made. I even wouldn't recommend getting for free. If you get this game, try to trade it for something better, like a rock. You'll get more game-play and you'll get exactly what you paid for.		If you want specifics on why I hate this game so much. Its glitchy. Multi-player crashes in the middle of the game. There are lots of hackers playing, and the story is just crap. But your not buying it for the story line are you? :) You're better off playing Black Ops II, or even MW3. I hope this helps.
1,This is game companys being greedy as hell. You are not getting anything free none of the DLC is on the disc. Destiny: The Taken King - Legendary Edition did this same crap to people. PLZ DO NOT BUY THIS OR SUPPORT IT. Buy the original copy of Dragon Age Inquisition on black friday(cheap) and play an enjoy it. if you got PSN or XLIVE the DLC will be cheaper or free later. But plz do not waste your money on this.
1,Stupid is as stupid does? No physical copy. Why just buy a box? I did not realize it till I received my empty box. I did not open it but I did return. I only buy physical copies because I have satellite internet. Next time I will read the whole description. EA going down hill. From what I read from reviews I am glad I returned.
1,Doesn't work.
1,Don't download from amazon. I wasted many hours trying to get the installation to work, but I always got a "game setup error" when starting up the game. I was forced to get the game through EA's origin (with the fixed installation) instead which totally defeats the purpose of buying from a different site.
1,I got the package, I try to use it, and no matter what, it doesn't work.	Not only does it not charge, it renders the controller useless while plugged in.
1,Gonna get the newer one
1,I'm saddened to say that this game that I looked forward to playing for so long is one of the most disappointing gaming experiences of my life.  First of all, I must say that it felt like it was so close to being a great game.  The graphics, story, and setting are all mostly great.  The controls are passable though not perfect.  Now, I'm not the type of person who wants a game to hold my hand the whole way through, but that doesn't mean I want to constantly be scratching my head on where to go or what to do.  Also, the difficulty playing on normal seemed to vary wildly.  I usually make it a point to finish every game I buy, even if they cause some frustration, but this game...I will not.  One of the boss battles in particular was really unevenly balanced.  Too bad, I wanted to enjoy this game.
1,Very different, could not quite follow it or lost interest, but took it off shortly after I downloaded it.
1,I played WoW hardcore for its first six years and loved it. It began to really slip for me after Lich King and now is just a shell of itself. They have really mailed-in everything about it - not improving the graphics, the talents and progression are actually worse, and the quests are so bland and copy pasta it is ridiculous.
1,Maybe it me but this game supposed to be a run and gun type of game like painkiller, serious Sam , but it's not it a puzzle game. Puzzle after puzzle. You kill two or three enemy's and then a ball busting puzzle. I should have none this because duke nukem was the same way. I will never buy a game made by 3d realm ever again. This would have been a great a game if they just kept it simple,I don't know what there think. Didn't they learn from  the latest duke nukem game they put out.
1,I will admit that some of the visuals in this game are amazing, and the story is slightly interesting. However, the gameplay is extremely generic, repetitive, and annoying. It's really just a button masher, without any room for creativity or strategy in your playstyle. I also didn't like how there was no way to improve your weapons and armor. Then, each of the weapons have some good and bad things about them, and if you were able to use them interchangeably they would really benefit each other. However, you only have access to one of them at a time, and for most of the game you can only change weapons by disarming/cleansing the enemy. The other biggest problem for me, was the way the game uses extra lives. When you run out of health (which is coolly shown by losing your armor/clothing) you have to mash your buttons to wake back up, however there is a limit to this and each time it's harder to wake back up. This inevitably ends with you dying, and the game then lectures you about how to stay alive by mashing the buttons even though that was just what you were doing, and you have to revert to the last save/checkpoint which at times can be way far back, there's also incredibly long load times. For the platforming, it's very basic, and it's pretty floaty and many times hard to be accurate, especially when holes in the world blend in with the environment. I probably would have enjoyed the game more if I chose Easy instead of normal (as the worst problems may not have occurred as frequently) but once you choose at the very beginning of the game you can never change it for some reason.		In the end, I would definitely not recommend this game, but some people could possibly find a good game here if you could overlook all of the faults, something that I couldn't do.
1,so I looked online and it says that those of you hearing little rattles inside, yes that's also a battery thing. guess that's why it was glitching out and wouldn't save. I don't have the ability to replace it. or work on this game at all. this looks like a shipping problem to me.
1,I hate the virtual currency system. It makes MyPlayer mode a boring slog. I feel like I'm being nagged as I play the game. "You called for the ball to much. -1 VC."  Games are supposed to be fun, right? Right. Not this one.
1,Wrong charger not as advertised.
1,I purchased this bundle through Gamestop when they had a nice trade-in deal (for my old XBOX 360).  I am also a PS4 owner.  In my opinion the PS4 is a 4 star system, XBOX One is a 2.5 star system (rounded to 3).  Here's why:		XBOX One I just spent hours updating and "installing" the games that came with the bundle.  PS4 doesn't take more than a few minutes for this.  It seems the XBOX One must run less off the disc or something; it's painful to have to take 10-30 minutes to install each game. (my internet is cable and very fast btw).  For someone with poor internet, they'll likely have to spend an entire afternoon performing updates and installations before they can even use the console.  And as others mentioned, just installing the games that came with the bundle leaves you with ~680 GB free out of 1 TB.  Really?		The overall system interface and online store/etc. are not as intuitive on XBOX One as they are on PS4.  Physically the XBOX One is much larger and heavier than the PS4.		A few minor things about this particular bundle that I knew of, but are still skimpy: no headset whatsoever, Ori game is a download only, Gears/Rare Reply games come in a "combo case" instead of separate cases.  EDIT:  Also, if you have an existing headset-- guess what, Microsoft made the XBOX One controller with a proprietary connection!!!  You must buy a $30 "XBOX One Stereo Headset Adapter" if you want to use a standard 3.5 MM headset (like my old Turtle Beaches) with this system.  Wow, what a cash grab.		And my number one issue with the XBOX One-- Microsoft's claim of backward compatibility!  Well it turns out that very few titles (100ish) are compatible at this time (mid-December 2015).  According to their web site, more are "in the works."  Well, out of my 11 XBOX 360 discs, not a SINGLE game is backward compatible.  This includes games like Call of Duty: MW3 and World at War.  Or even Fable III or the Final Fantasy titles.  None of those are even "in the works" yet, and who knows if they ever will be.  Bottom line is this backward compatibility thing seems like a holiday scam in my opinion to get more sales.  Most of the games that are compatible seem like "ARCADE" titles or bundle titles sold on the XBOX store.  That includes several from the Rare Replay that came with this bundle.		After that paragraph I decided to round down to a 2 instead of a 2.5.  Overall I think this is merely a fair system.
1,Fi is annoying, and the motion controls are far from fine-tuned.
1,it took forever to install.		The game play is extremely lame and outdated. - not to mention super boring.		graphics: well it's like s@ucking farts from your neighbour.
1,Broken in package
1,controller did not work
1,A pretty disappointing package as a whole. Right off the bat you can see issues, as they confused the names of the games and reversed them. Even worse, Vampire Savior is missing 3 entire main characters AND all 3 hidden characters as well. The game filters are atrocious, and give everything this glazed doughnut look. You'll need to turn off all filters for it to look even somewhat accurate to the Saturn or Arcade versions. Furthermore there are noticeable frame drops in animation, which is really strange considering the PS3 is far more powerful than the Saturn. There are also a couple stages, as well as all the alternate stages missing from Savior as well(or Hunter, as they incorrectly call it.)	It's so weird that they for whatever reason redesigned the character select to remove the 3 missing characters, and all in all I think this is a pretty poor translation.
1,This is a game I would have expected to play on Super NES or Sega back in the 90's.	The worlds are like playing inside of a poorly drawn AutoCAD drawing, with a noticable lack of detail.		The game play will not "draw you in", unless you are drawn in by frustration and repetiveness.  I've played the game for hours trying to figure out why they made it in the first place...and I can hoenstly say I still don't know why the large robots are fighting to begin with...poor story set-up.		Since it's #4 I assume there are 3 other ones out there.  If you liked those don't let me get in the way of you liking this one, if this is your thing.  But, there are so many other games out there that a person will actually have fun playing why waste time on this half-effort with too many menus and options to go through.
1,An okay adventure game at times, but highly flawed.		The graphics are less than spectacular. The load times are long and frequent. They often interrupt cutscenes, sometimes after just 1 sentence. Everything takes so long to do. Cutscenes, character movement, animations, menus, loading, and even saving are all very slow.		However, the biggest problem about the game is how nonintuitive it is. Usually adventure games provides hints and clues on how to solve their puzzles. But everything in this game is so vague and loosely tied together that it's hard to figure anything out on your own. It's like doing an actual jigsaw puzzle, except you're never given the pieces to do it.		What am I supposed to do? Where do I go? How do I progress? I have no clue. None of it makes sense. It's all too obscure. It's so flimsy. Like a house of cards. I'm amazed the developers had this much faith in normal sane human beings to figure this stuff out.		Eventually, I got tired playing the game with a walkthrough open. So I stopped straining myself and played something fun instead.
1,This game isn't for anyone under 30.  If you're old, you're gonna love this crap.  I turned this game off after a few minutes, that's how boring it got.
1,I purchased this game brand new, and yet Steam still said it was regestered to another computer.  What the @#$%?
1,this game is not for adults lol. I really don't know where the rating came from. the graphics are a joke.
1,Crap...........
1,Blizzard turned this into something else - I had my hopes up for something of an upgrade to Diablo 2 (you know, play at home with a few friends, etc). They removed hacking, but they removed customers too (like myself).	Diablo 3 is pretty, but that's about all - D1 and D2 have much more heart and talent into it (Graphics aren't everything).	A great game is like a great movie: You can watch it over and over again. I can still sit down to a game of good'ol Doom, or get into a roll with Diablo 2 again -	Needless to say, Diablo 3 is not a great game - It's one of those games might be fun for a few days, then forgotten.
1,Worst Metal Gear game ever. I've been a huge MGS fan since the original Metal Gear games on the NES, and this one shouldn't even be considered a game. It's a short Demo that is not worth anything over $5.
1,i wish they made stars of 0 cause this i verry poor. even with a car amplilifire it's worse than playing halo on cell phone.		sucks
1,I'm 61 (female & very competitive against a standard - - one of the reasons I like Brain Age) and bought this game for mental acuity training.  I have Brain Age 1 & 2, plus Big Brain Academy.  I do all of these, start to finish, daily.  (I'm committed!)  I thot Brain Challenge might be a good addition, but I must say I don't particularly care for it.  (1) The writing recognition is *very, very* sketchy.  I find I have to press very hard with the stylus to make a mark, and often my answer is correct and read incorrectly.  Sometimes the marks don't register at all!  (2)  There is no how-to-play info other than what's given on the screen (there should be directions on the liner notes in the case).  Several games I have yet to figure out.  (3)  The "countdown" screens with the "rolling and flashing block" are very irritating, especially since I have epilepsy & need to avoid "flashing" things whenever possible.  (4)  The "helper" says insulting things such as "What's wrong with you today?" and "That's worse than before." Who wants to pursue something without any instructions and then get insulted for not doing well?  I know it's a game, but, really!  (5)  There are a lot of "question screens" that one must tap through to get to the next game.  ("Do you know the brain.....?")  Maybe there's a way to skip through those entirely and return to the main menu, but I've not found it yet.		On the plus side, the music isn't too terrible.  All the games are stylus-activated, as is the case with BA and BBA.		If you want a follow-on to BA1&2 and BBA, Brain Challenge is not it, IMO.  mb
1,how do yo ascess the epansion 1 2 3  and the taken king in this game
1,Terrible game, you can't save unless your online, servers is always down, can't play multiplier with a friend with another controller, just down right disappointing of a game, but what can you expect from ea games.
1,Resident Evil Operation Raccoon City is a third person shooter set in 1998 during a viral outbreak. ORC is not to be confused with a numeric Resident Evil title, whether fans of the series liked the shift from survival horror to the newly tagged 'action horror', it's easy to point out a side story game in the series. Smaller budget, shorter development cycle, and shift in gameplay tend to be the mian giveaways. Given the ingredients, a nostalgic run through of Raccoon City, franchise bringing back zombies, Umbrella Corporation in full force, online multiplayer, major character references, it's easy to see potential. Between poor lighting, control command inconsistancies, and AI ORC is hindered.		To get started you have the option to play a straigh forward guns blazing campaign, online or off. Unlockable weapons and customizable stats for choosable characters make for a meta game itself. Reguardless of what individual is chosen, you will take on the role of a Umbrella Security Service operative, as a unit your team is nicknamed 'Wolfpack'. The story ties in with both Resident 2 and 3. To avoid spoilers, negotiations have been made and Wolfpack whine up a clean up crue, tasked to whipe out Umbrella affiliation with the viral outbreak (as though it's an allusion to the developers treatment towards devoted fans). This means traversing through underground passages, searching out large buildings, sneaking through cemeteries eliminating things that go bump in the night and some more lively gun totting troops. Sounds better on paper than in gameplay. Little location differentiation converts sight seeing into eye strain thanks due in part by the harsh color palette and dark visuals. I've upped the only offerable setting 'gamma', it didn't ease the problem, but instead washed out dark corners to shades of grey.		Raccoon City never looked much better upon looking its worst, graphically the game is strong, artistically it feels lacking, most objects look tacked on. Older Resident Evil games were immersive, the graphics were never compeitive aside from the rendered backgrounds. It was the atmosphere that really helped pull players through 'tank' controls and frustrating puzzles. The anxieties of knowing something is lurking and you haven't a bullet to spare. ORC would have served as a wonderful addition if it was commited to tasteful innovation (RE: Outbreak). Instead it feels like the game would have fit the bill better as an arcade/online download release.		The controls are not horrible and the commands seem responsive enough, it's just how the game relays what you're desiring to do with what's actually going to occur that makes it odd. Every wall is essentially distinguished as cover, automated cover mounting when approached is helpful, until you find that one wall that doesn't adhere to that rule. One can become infected with the T-virus, your time to find a cure is limited, otherwise you turn into a zombie. Sometimes you can be infected quite easily, being pinned and surrounded can leave you unscathed oddly enough. Things like unloading a clip into opposing forces only for them to still stand, elite troops mindlessly lumped into a corner, zombies strapped with bombs certainly deduct immersive qualities.		The game tries to hit you with so many references at once, cameos, a lovely tourist like run down of familiar locations if not to just point a finger and say "wow remember remember that?!", cursed encounters with hordes of diabolical BOW's (bio organic weapon) etc. It leaves a rushed feeling and a game that would not be able to stand on its own. Most fans yearn for the day the series returns to its roots. Reguardless of where the series treads, quality control over all the directions Resident Evil pops its head out of would be appreciated. It's not a horrible game, it makes for a fun rental, when coupled with some buddies to play with it can be quite entertaining. It's easy to sink time into as a mindless shooter, and would be even better had they not stifled the flow with extreme dark depths and unresponsive AI. Many of the flaws can be looked past, however there are much better titles surfacing at the moment.
1,I was disappointed after the first CSI game I bought some time ago. The with the first game, of this new set, never completely loaded the graphics and the second is inferior in the play.
1,Still playable and fun but there are so many problems with the game play and very little was improved upon from last year with many parts of the game regressing.  Players still can get pulled into the boards when they shouldn't be able to, very little difference if any between the speed of players, and the ability of players to receive passes is effected based on the situation which is majorly annoying (numerous times a guy misses a pass which would be a breakaway).  The power play/penalty kill is still not realistic as PKers can easily clear and it is really easy to get a high quality chance on the penalty kill which shouldn't be when you have the realistic settings and on the hardest difficulty.  Goalie play and defense is terrible.  Big hockey fan and this has been my favorite series, 2015 is playable in GM mode but is a major step back, when you take stuff out of a new version and don't add anything new that is simply bad.
1,Now I shouldn't get this game at all, seeing how the game is all fast action and hard hitting attacks. I like the anime, but the game is too hard, even when I had it on easy and very easy.
1,If you buy this product do not buy from World Wide Distributors.  They will send you the wrong mic.  They will send you a cheap konami mic.  The WII vantage is a way better mic and works with more titles than the cheap konami mic.  It also cost less then half of what the Wii Vantage mic does.  So make sure not to do what I did and order from these guys.  Their crooks they wouldn't even refund my shipping and even tryed to refund me a less amount than what I paid.  BEWARE !!!
1,For the past couple of years I've watched Electronic Arts, formerly one of the most reliable game companies on the scene, squander its reputation with game after game filled with relentless B.S.  I gave it another shot with Medal of Honor Frontline, because it was part of the franchise I'd played for a long time and I thought, how bad could it be?	I should have remembered that the last two Medal of Honors I've played, Spearhead (for PC) and Infiltrator (for Gameboy Advance), both sucked.  Frontline was the first time since Medal of Honor Underground that I played this game on a console.  It should have felt like home -- instead, it felt like I was playing Spearhead without a mouse.  What caused them to mess up the control scheme so badly, I can't tell.  But now your character aims blindly thanks to a touchy-feely right analog stick.  I've had to do much more minute aiming adjustments in Syphon Filter:  The Omega Strain, targeting distant enemies in the head, and I found it even harder here, though the enemy is just several steps away from me.  From the first level, I bumbled about blindly because foolishly, the game designers now rely mostly on sound to let you know where to go.  Not that bad a thing, except they botched the sound mix.  Rule of thumb in sound mixing:  Music and effects should never, never drown out dialogue.  Here, your superiors' instructions are neatly covered up in the gunfire, overloud music, and ambience.  From the beginning, I had to run around the beach while under enemy fire, looking for scattered teammates who were supposed to be yelling and waving at me to reach them.  Well, I can't hear them, and since there's no radar, I had to rely on blind luck to find them.  A very dumb flaw, easily fixable, but neglected.  Did they actually *test* this thing on real players?	As with 90 per cent of games these days, the lighting looks good, and the music is great.  But once again, this game qualifies as a good-looking, good-sounding product that flunks its grade on mechanics.  I don't feel like I'm in control of my character.  Nothing is more of a drag than that.  I should've listened to my instinct and passed on this one.  I regret even the reduced price I'd paid for it .  Medal of Honor and Medal of Honor Underground were such classics, it's baffling how EA managed to botch it all up.
1,I would probably have had more fun if I hadn't used Age of Empire II before this one. Age of Empire II/Conqueror has so many more functionalities. Not having these functionalities requires much more manual 'handling'. For instance, in AOE II, double-clicking on a unit will select all units of that type present on the screen. It wouldn't work with this version, very annoying. I played 15 hours, just to give it a fair chance, then I gave up. The disk will be forgotten in a drawer, too bad.
1,It did not read hard drive.
1,I'm a lifelong Mario gamer, and I must say that this game is NOT for first-time Mario players.  I would never recommend this game to a Mario newbie.  The game is visually amazing, yes, but when you get to World 5, things get pretty insane...enough to throw your controller at the screen and give up after 50 stars (which is exactly and proudly what I did).		You see, the thing is that once you get to World 5, you need 55 stars to get to World 6.  At most, you can only get about 51 stars from doing only the main star missions in all the galaxies up to that point.  You then have to get stars by doing the Prankster comets and various timed race missions (which are HORRIBLE...I've always hated those timed races).  That should not have to be the case at all.  In previous Mario games utilizing the star system, you were able to advance only by doing the main star missions.  Why isn't this the case here?		Because of that fact, I give this game 2 stars overall and it's the worst Mario game to date.  It's also a practically complete repeat of the first Super Mario Galaxy game, so it's lacking in originality severely.  Also, most of those side missions actually require a second person to play co-op.  Absolutely sucks...The end of Mario games as single player endeavors is over, and that's really sad.
1,Will not work/plug into the memory slot on a ps2.
1,When I first bought my PS2, I got FF10, FF9, and FF7.  That was back in 2002.  FF10 & FF9 I liked. Good stories & loveable characters.  But FF7 was a drag.		Then I saw all the positive reviews ("best game ever"), so I decided to give FF7 a second playing in 2004, to impress me.  But I still did not like it.  IMHO the major flaw is that FF7 has too many "dry" sections where you fight-fight-fight and almost nothing happens storywise (example - climbing the 100-floor building of your enemy -or- the dumb section where you waste an hour finding a dress).  In some sections, literally hours pass by with no story... it feels like a step backwards to the near-nonexistent stories of the original nintendo.		.		Also the Battle Engine - totally unbalanced.  A good RPG will provide balance between physical & magical attacks, so they are near-equal.  A good RPG will make each character unique with specific skills & weaknesses (like real people-some are fighters; others are healers). Not so FF7:		- it's all magic... physical attacks are worthless (about 1/4 the damage)		- and the characters are completely interchangeable. You can equip Fire3 to your man & Heal3 to your girl.  And then the next battle, completely flip it around, so the man is the healer & the girl is the killer.  And then flip it again!  No individuality. Each character is identical.  Plus *instant learning* and instant forgetting... not realistic at all.		.		Also, the story, while good, is poorly executed.  It basically boils down to a meteor poisoning the planet's "health" - very simple concept - but the writer dances around & adds un-necessary complication.  He takes 2+2 = 4 and turns it into 1-5+4-6+2-1+7-2 = 4.  That's why so many gamers go, "Huh? What just happened?"  It was a good story, but a lousy script.		Overall, FF7 is one of the weakest games in the FF series (inferior to the other PS1 game-FF9, super nintendo games FF4, FF5, FF6, even inferior to FF10.
1,If you are looking for a Hell simulator, this one exceeds Dante's version.
1,I just couldn't bring myself to us rubber cement to hold these to the sticks; they just won't hold on to the miniscule analog sticks.  I use silicone grips on my two Dualshock 3 controllers and I have to recover and reposition those a few times a week at most; I can't recommend this product but it gets two stars for its potential were the right adhesives used and much tinkering done.  I also feel there is no real competition in making better items than this so I will do without.
1,Not "no-slip" at all. It's not rubber, it's hard plastic. Just as slippery as the standard grips.
1,this game lacked everything that fishing fans were hoping for. It felt like i was playing bass pro 64 no wait that was better!
1,I do a lot of online streaming. (Follow me on twitch @ EtuskoAyumi.) My followers complain a lot of the time about how they can't hear me. They say it sounds like I'm going through a tunnel. The quality is not great on this headset. I would suggest going with a more expensive brand to improve the quality.
1,I understand a lot of people have pleasant nostalgia for this game.  But when I played it I found it painfully repetitive, with a disgustingly bland "future of the 90s" j-pop sound track, a physics engine more broken than the Obamacare website, characters so embarrassingly racist they will make you wince and a plot that could generously be called nonsense bullcrap.  I'll give it an extra star because it tries hard to make a unique identity for itself but I could not recommend this game to anyone.
1,They said they were refurbished like new and were packaged new.  The packaging was cut open and looked awful, the left side of the headphones don't work and even with the other side working they sound terrible as if I were under water.  Horrible item and would not purchase from this seller....
1,I gave this game probably 30+ hours. After quickly realizing that all the assets in the game were clones of each other, and encountering exactly zero dinosaur-size creatures after discovering dozens of planets, I was still mildly enjoying the exploration. I learned hundreds of words, upgraded my exosuit entirely, bought 2 ships, upgraded my omni-tool, amassed millions of units...		And then, I finished the Atlas story. This weird quest was actually intriguing as I went through it, but the ending was awful.		Remember, this game has 2 actual "quests". This is one of them.	You finish this quest, and turn in anything of value you have amassed during this quest (the 10 Atlas Stones, worth ~70K a piece). You get nothing back. Not a cut scene, not a tech schematic, not a ship, not an omni-tool, not a suit upgrade, not even a pile of measly units.		You get a Whole Lotta Nothin'.		It wasn't until this point that I realized that this quest is a metaphor for what this game actually truly is. Opportunity to do a whole lot of work that is ultimately pointless in every possible way.
1,I thought this game was a lot of fun. The puzzles are intriguing (though sometimes a bit frustrating), the story line is enticing, and the character is interesting. I enjoyed playing the game immensely. I really like the fact that you have so many different locations to explore and that you can jet set all over the world.		What I don't like is that on Day 8, when I am finally in Peru, I am about to cross the bridge... the game crashes (tried it 3 times, starting from my previous save points the first time and from the beginning the second time). I looked for a patch... the game doesn't even have a website. I emailed the producers of the game and got a response to the effect that my save point was broken and I had to start over. When I said I had started from the beginning after it crashed the second time, I never got a response.		So I'd say the game is fun, I guess, but I'm really disappointed I didn't get to find out how it ends and that their customer support is terrible.
1,Overpriced, and way too thin.  Disappointed, as I'd like a Logitech branded cloth mouse pad, but they're all thin.  This also makes it relatively easy for the pad to develop creases.
1,Strange things expectations. Receiving the same item may trigger either satisfaction or disappointment depending on what you were expecting. From a game that was developed by members of Obsidian, the people who had released such masterpieces as&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Planescape-Torment/dp/B00002EPZ2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Planescape:Torment</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Baldur-s-Gate/dp/B000FGA1US/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Baldur's Gate</a>, one expects lightening to strike yet another time. Unfortunately, they seem to have stroked out.		The first thing that strikes you, however, are how bad the graphics are. Admittedly, great games have worked wonders and have been offering great fun with only limited graphics. There are games that are 10 or even 15 years old, when graphical capabilities were but a fraction of what they are today, and yet they are still more fun to play than most of the vapid eye-candies released these days. Unfortunately ALPHA PROTOCOL is not one of them.	The graphics look just bad. From the institutional colors to the awkward movements of the characters and the almost non-existent interactive environment, the game feels like a cookie-cutter Third-Person Shooter game found in a sales-bin.		Of course this is not a simple TPS game, it is rather a Third-Person RolePlaying Shooter (RPS). Your character advances in level and he also has an inventory. There are classes to choose from and skills to add to. There are different weapons and armor to equip with. Stealth is very important yet not the only way to go and there is a spy story unfolding through the dialogue options and cut-scenes. All this looks quite good on paper yet, somehow, it failed to work for me. And I have been an RPG fan for years.		The story is not absorbing and the characters are caricatures rather than the deep, complex characters one enjoys in a good RPG. The RPG elements are all there but they seem to get in the way of one another and work together. Having a time limit on the (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Mass-Effect-2/dp/B001VJ4DHK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Mass Effect 2</a>-short) dialogue options is not a good thing either.		ALPHA PROTOCOL also sports...mini games. With variations of ideas we have seen in&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Fallout-3/dp/B001REZLY8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Fallout 3</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/BioShock/dp/B000MK694E/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">BioShock</a>, hacking and lock-picking are carried out by completing mini-games that (just like in those previous games) get old and tedious. Fast.		As DRM goes, good ol' SEGA slipped in a Limited Activations scheme - but promised to patch it out in about a year, so the game will stay yours. If promises are kept that is.		An RPG that strives to also be a shooter, a stealth tactical game with the possibility of bullet time, an endlessly bifurcating story that manages to end up predictable. This is a game that takes up a lot of different elements on its brush but the picture it paints in the end is unoriginal if not confusing. Had all the different elements worked together, this would had been a masterpiece. Unfortunately, inspiration alone is not enough.	All in all, ALPHA PROTOCOL consists of a lot of good ideas that got thrown together but were then left underdeveloped and unrefined. Maybe they exhausted their A-game on developing the upcoming&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Fallout-New-Vegas/dp/B0028IBTL6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Fallout - New Vegas</a>, who knows.		Because of the developing team's history, I will be overlooking this one.	If you are out of ideas guys, I would propose developing a game looking like&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Diablo-III/dp/B00178630A/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Diablo III</a>&nbsp;and playing like BALDUR's GATE. And if it had a steampunk setting it would be heaven.		ALPHA PROTOCOL will be remembered as a bump on the road.
1,Bought this for my nephew and the download time is horrible. I realize they don't have the fastest speed (nothing compared to mine) but I was there four days and the crappy game still hadn't finished...not to mention 29 gigs? This is why I buy disks but apparently that doesn't matter anymore. They want to force you into buying more disk space.
1,I have to say, since I have a Hih version PS2, my gameshark works well all the time, but hears the main flaw, I have a gameshark 2, and codes for the games I want only work on gameshark 3!  Games like Splinter Cell(Which I really need codes for, badly), Xenosaga(So I can play it again, and have no trouble), and a lot of other games.  This is major BS!!  I brought this in december, now it's like a useless piece of garbage!  Why can't I upgrade this or something?!  Well one things for sure, I'm not spending another 40 bux for another gameshark, just to play my new games. I'd rather beat it on my own.  If you don't have a gameshark, and need one, get version3, but then they'll screw you over in the future when version 4 comes out.  Interact is just too greedy for their own good.  Well, their not getting their grubby hands on my money for a long time, or maybe never.
1,Item arrived without a CD key, a common problem as I found many people with same complaint on an Internet search. I submitted a ticket to their tech support over a week ago but have heard nothing. Game is useless without that game code.
1,Good:	Better graphics		Bad:	Too little single player action	Very linear single player	No peeking around corners	I don't know enough adjectives to express the annoyance that is Steam		Overall a fun game but nothing real new. I've played all the COD series through and this just seems disappointing. I will wait to get the next COD and see what people say, I will also seriously reconsider any game I want that involves Steam.
1,Yeah it does nothing more than what it did 15 years ago. Even the graphics are kind of old looking. Same gameplay with same old as controls!! Man fix this crap. All you get is 3 endings which are like 3 mins long of slowness. Although the endings where kind of intense i'll give them that but no i wanted the classic endings with all the other people as well. This is the PS3 i'm sure it's capable of having 3 min long endings with all characters. and speaking of characters who the hell are 75% of these nobodies? Wow they went wrong with this game because we were really begging for a old classic from PS1 days. atlease you get TM:Black when you buy it. Other than that it should be a 29.99 at best. I eat nachos bigger than this game foo.
1,It's unfortunate that I picked up the collector's edition because this is a terrible game.  This is the first time for me purchasing a FF - MMO title for the PC and it left a really bad taste in my mouth.  The only thing I could positively say about this title is that the graphics look good.  Everything else in this title is just...boring.  I forced myself to play this for about a couple of weeks because i spent so much money on it but I couldn't stand the lag, bland levels, forgetful missions and the horrendous menu system.  I will never bother with a FF title on the PC after this experience.  Save your money.
1,Don't listen to people who give this above one star. I had asked for this game for Christmas, the same Christmas I asked for an Xbox 360, Gears 2, Fallout 3, Halo 3, and so on, and this was the one I was most excited to play. It was cool for the first 5 minutes,where you are flying over the city taking pictures, but a the point when you actually have to start doing quests, the game gets so boring. First of all, I don't even know where to go, and I can't read the text on the screen. And the save system pisses me off the most. What is up with that? How come every other game in the world has checkpoints, or a Press Start>Save on their games, but Capcom decides not to on this one? Come one. Really? I mean, with the impossible WTF boss battles and the crappy weapon systems that allow you to get mauled by zombies, you die a lot, and guess what? You have to start either the whole game over, or that level over.		Seriously, the only thing good that this game gave me was like 5 achievements that added to my gamerscore. Lets just say I threw this crap away on Xmas morning, and played Fallout 3 instead, which I enjoyed for several hours.		And the gun system is just like the one in Resident Evil 4, ugggg... come on Capcom.
1,The game is actually pretty good coming from this company lately, it's fun, the modes are relatively easy to follow and the graphics and controls are great. Call me old fashioned but when learning a new game I like to look over the game guide while i'm playing. You can't do that when the game guide is loaded on the game itself and requires backing out to access it. I had to take the time to go online, find a pdf version, print it and then go back to the game. I am all for going green but still not thrilled.
1,This game straight up sucked.  It should have been aborted at birth and not even made.  MK for Gameboy was slow but not a bad game, MK2 had great play control but only had 2 stages.  MK3 is basically an abomination.  The play control seems worse, the run feature is useless.  A lot of the fun characters are not included in the game.  It does not help that MK3 was the black sheep of all the MK games to begin with.  The AI would jump from being ridiculously hard to easy round after round.  With only 2 buttons for the original Gameboy the developers would have been better off leaving out the run feature altogether.  I understand the limited space available for the original Gameboy carts but the developers could have easily added Motaro character to the game as well to make it better.  Not having the sub boss really hurts the game.		If your going to alter a game to fit the portable console do it in a positive way and not like this game.  I would rate this game 1 or 2 stars and avoid it at all costs.  We all love Mortal Kombat but definitely stick away from this version.  I am seeing all these high ratings for this game wondering if people are giving it a high score just for the MK name instead of actually playing the game.		Out of a 10 scale		Gameplay: 3/10	Play Control: 2/10	Story: 2/10	Challenge: 5/10	Replay Value: 2/10
1,Did not work. Disney no longer has the website for it working, but you can't log into this without the website. not worth downloading.
1,When I played the first Manhunt (way back when), I thoroughly enjoyed it.  That game, much like its successor, received lots of negative exposure because of its "subject matter content" and overall violence.  I, like most others who waited patiently for the sequel, plowed through yet more negative publicity; watched RockStar cancel its original release date for the game, and waded through all sorts of internet gossip about what had been done to the content of the game.		Manhunt (the original) is a far better game than Manhunt 2--and not becaue its gore factor was untouched.  It was a better game, guys, because it had "soul."  The characters were way more interesting, the writing was better and more creative, and the last stages were absolutely some of the creepiest I've ever encountered!  My personal favorites were the Smileys (a tongue-in-cheek answer to Insane Clown Posse).  I got killed so many times because I was laughing my butt off at some of the lines, e.g. "passing out before the main course...REALLY;" "well, I look divine?  Why, thank you so much; it was just something I threw together;" and "My God; they're dropping like flies!"		In Manhunt 2, you get NO interesting characters.  Instead, you get caricatures.  It seems two people are involved in some sort of mind-altering experiment; the inmates riot, people escape, others are killed, and you try to retrace your footsteps to see what it all means.  Along the way, you are urinated on, have feces thrown on you, you puke a lot, and you kill a lot.  And that's about it.  The big difference in Manhunt 2, is that even though the killings are much more grotesque than in the first game, you can't see any of them because of what RockStar had to do in order to get the game released.  A "filter" has been installed and all you really get in the ability to HEAR what is happening to your victims.  The controls are used differently, which I also didn't care for.		I do not blame RockStar for what it did; it simply did what it had to do in order to sell its product.  I would suggest, however, that if there is a Manhunt 3, you see if you can't create characters that are more memorable; a storyline that is more than just killing; and have a main character your playing audience can feel something for.
1,This game sucks and it is boring. 5 stars my as*
1,I hate this game. The only reason I have it is because when I bought a Spyro game it was free. I played it probably 8 times before I found out its was boring and impossible to beat. I have never been a fan of Lord of the Ring but i thoght the game would be ok. I was wrong. It was horrible. I have never played it in over 1 year. Even if you are a big fan of Lord of the Rings I think your going to find this game boring and stupid.	Please tell me if my reveiw was helpful or not.
1,I wonder if they are dropping the price on these because they are going to bring back the feature every gamer has been yelling for...Rumble ! I'll wait.
1,Not my favorite game. I was excited to find this game for my WIii since my son and I enjoyed the movie so much. I just don't like the interface with the remote. It was more frustrating then fun and I can't use a different controller.
1,I didn't like the game , might have played for about 2 hours , I am actually planning on returning it to GS or ebay , but if anyone interested let me know		Destiny+farcry4+ evolve + ACunity + watchdogs + bf4  = 120 $ (shipping included )
1,Glad I waited to pick this game up.  I knew when I bought it that it might be an exercise in frustration.  I was well aware of the games reputation as a difficult game.  I have played and beat many games that I thought were a bit difficult (Devil May Cry 4, Bayonetta, Knights Contract, etc) but this game is not going to be one of them.  After spending the first few hours trying to give this game a fair shot, I came to the conclusion that it just wasn't fun.  The cranked-to-11 difficulty feels a little cheap.  Also, having played some games recently with far smoother (read: better) controls (Kingdoms of Amalur and Darksiders) Dark Souls felt a little slow and clumsy in the controls department.		I will say that the graphics are absolutely beautiful and the theme and atmosphere were definitely appealing to me.  I loved Skyrim and all its epicness, I just don't have the desire to wade through the endlessly unjoyful difficulty of this game.
1,I read reviews saying it worked with Resident Evil.  Well it doesn't with RE4.  So buyer beware.
1,*Update 07/2015  I'm lowering this down to 3 stars.	It still works great.  I love the feel, how it sounds, etc.  But the lighting is the problem.  Since I've had this thing, I always thought maybe my power setup was causing the lights to partially light up, not light up, or be faded.  Out of frustration recently, I changed the power supply and made a direct connection.  Same problem.  Then I came here and looked at the reviews only to see I'm not the only one with this problem.  I've had this for over a year and I'm not happy this has been partially working.  I just send Amazon customer service an email because my money matters.  I contacted the manufacture and got nothing but roadblocks.  Took them nearly 10 days to respond.  Come on, 10 days by email in this day and age? Then to repair, Id have to mail it in on my dime.  Which cost almost as much as the keyboard.  I have now hooked it up to my new gaming pc and the colors still partially or do not work.  I wish I could get my money back.	------		I game exclusively on my gamer laptop.  So I wanted to add a monitor and a keyboard to step up my entertainment level.  Searching, researching, reading forums, blogs, and articles, I came across this model.  At the time, I was seeking a mechanical keyboard.  So I almost passed this one up for that reason.  It does indeed feel somewhat like a mechanical keyboard, but it is not one.  I love the color setup and how you can really change those on the fly.  It looks damn good overall. The extra G buttons on the left are cool and you can setup macros for them.  My biggest disappointment was due to not reading exactly what the bottom P1, P2, and P3 buttons are for exactly, I was initially under the impression that they could be used as macro buttons too.  Sadly they are only to swap profiles.  My first reaction was to return it instantly.  But I still like the keyboard.  I'm a RTS, MMO, IT Pro, and a very mild FPS gamer so this one hit the mark for me.  I still have macro button options, its sturdy, can control my volume, and I just like the way it looks.  Did I say that already?		If you are looking for a good gaming keyboard, I can recommend this device.
1,Compare to a game like uncharted.  You should be able to pick up the controller and just will the character into coherent movement.  Thief is really klunky, not intuitive, and not even really very fun.
1,To sum it all up, after the patch and after the game was taken down from the stores (PC version), dlc support was added and nothing more. Runs as the biggest Pile Of S**it u can imagine on the high-end gaming PC. In 25 years from now, maybe you will be able to play it just fine. As for now it is NOT even worth 7$. NOT WORTH IT! Don't frigging buy it. Pc version of this game is Holy ballz how horrible it is! Good luck getting refund for this Steaming Dog Pile of C**p
1,I have all the rainbow six games, and I think this is a stumbling attempt to create a battlefiel war game. I think it was stupid of Ubi and Red Storm to put somthing this pitiful out there with operation flashpoint out... Its good if you like the rainbow six series, but if you want somthing a little better, go for operation flashpoint.
1,I bought this game, before learning about the DRM, but decided to give it a shot anyway. On top of the ridiculous 3-install limit and SecuROM that is forever embedded into your computer, the game is simply unplayable because of annoyingly consistent crashes in space stage. I cannot fly to my home world and then leave the atmosphere without the game doing a freeze/flicker than cannot be resolved. Of course, you need to be in space, away from your planet to actually save the game so it is impossible to progress.		That being said, even if the game wasn't a piece of junk that locked up every five minutes, I STILL would not enjoy playing it. When I saw the previews for this game, I was expecting lots of freedom to roam and build your universe however you choose. WRONG. In space stage, for example, I cannot spend more than a minute traveling the vast collection of stars without needing to defend my home planet that is forever under attack by enemies. I'm not kidding, you get zero time to just enjoy the game, you're always saving the same planet from the same, repetitious attacks. You have the option of adding all kinds of defense turrets to your colonies but they do NOTHING. Every time I return to my planet under attack, the turrets have been blown away seemingly before the enemy even arrived! Lame, lame, lame. I've never been so disappointed in a game before; the absolute worst $50 I ever spent. I wish I would've lost that money instead; at least then I wouldn't have wasted all this time trying to get an incredibly buggy game to run on my new machine.
1,Used since November 2016, and now it's starting to have tracking issues... After less than a year usage! Similar thing happened to my Razer DeathAdder too. If I were new to Razer products, I would file an RMA but after the numerous defective gaming peripherals I've RMA'd, I think I'll pass for this one. This is probably the last Razer product I'll ever own.
1,I ordered this using a gift card I received for christmas and was anxious for it to arrive. The thought of having 2 wii remotes ready at all times without having to replace batteries was a nice thought.		Well, a few days later the initial charger arrived, I un-boxed it and found the metal prongs on charging stand #2 were bent and would not allow a remote to charge in slot #2, slot #1 worked just fine... I did the return process which was very easy and that same day Amazon shipped out a replacement order.		Yesterday I received the replacement unit, everything looked fine. I hooked it up and put the batteries in as directed and let the system charge for 24 hours. The lights turned from orange to green which meant the controllers were charged so I tried to play a game this morning... I used controller #1 and as soon as I started pushing buttons the controller powered off. I had to keep hitting the "A" button to get the remote to keep turning on then pressing "1" to get the first player to work.  That wasn't working, every 10 seconds the controller turned off...		I never tried controller #2, I figured #1 wasn't working I wasn't about to keep the charger at this point so I returned the second unit in the mail today... This was not a successful venture and I have since put the standard AA batteries in and have played many games successfully with those. I know my controllers are good, this had to be another defective unit.
1,One side of the headphone failed after a year and a half of very gentle use. At this point the warranty is expired and these will be going into the trash. Very disappointed in the quality and durability of this headset.
1,James Bond 007: Everything or Nothing is one of the worst games I ever played. The third person is really annoying because you lock on to the targets you don't want to. Some of the missions are pointless like the one where you jump off a building and you have to dodge things while you fall. You cant even shoot anything in that mission. Dont buy this game.
1,Game is awful. Wii U is officially dead
1,Before anyone trolls me or tries to correct me, this is my opinion for the game. I will start by saying that I played this for about an hour. I have a stressful job to begin with. This game is the epitome of stress. It's chaotic and ultraviolent. It starts off a little slow... But the transition is quick. It goes from slow to full throttle in about 5 seconds, and stays at full throttle for the rest of the game. It's like driving a nice scenic route on the California coastline, but at 200 mph. So you miss the scenery, you miss the immersion, you just hold on for the hell of holding on.		It could have been more immersive. But the immersion is lost immediately. There are carnival games you can play and people to talk to in the first bit of the game. First bit being the first five minutes. However as soon as you pass through a certain gate, the mayhem begins.		The enemy AI is erratic at best. You're under attack from quite literally everyone. Police. Firemen. Gun turrets. Religious Zealots. And everyone has a gun. Why you're under attack is silly. You're the Anti-Christ. You get a pistol and shot gun and everyone else has either an assault rifle or a flame thrower. You're basically screwed from the get go.		There is no map. So you don't know where you're supposed to go. There is no sort of radar so the enemies have the upper hand no matter what. They outgun you in strength and numbers and you have no idea where they are. I get that some people may be into that sort of thing, but frankly I found it to be stressful and frustrating at best.		The controls are janky as all hell. You aim your gun by clicking the joystick you move with. So you either aim by accident or move while you're trying to aim. There are no sights on your guns either. So you basically shoot from the hip even if you aim.		Apparently you have psychic powers but using them is usually the result of pressing the wrong button thus using up the psychic powers and not having them available when you need them. I kept pressing the button that usually used for aiming (in EVERY OTHER FPS) only to find out that I've used up my psychic powers and now I can't hack that gun turret that's shooting me in the back.		They gaming itself was so shallow that I didn't even care about the story. So don't ask.		So I know a lot of people might read this and say that I suck at the game. In my opinion this game was just poorly designed. I played the first two Bioshocks. They were ok. They weren't great, but they were passable. This just pissed me off. I'm sure if this game came out 15 years ago, or for that matter 10 years ago, it'd be a great game and a classic at that. This was just a stressful heap of garbage.
1,look, either watch superman or play the part! The fact of the matter is: games in general keep your brain from going doe! doe! despite the tired old stigma of "they're all just a big bunch-o-pac man." So just play Ultima or Final Fantasy, it's fun and they peek your interest and that alone can make one very acute(not obtuse) further(in the case of Ultima or D&D) you learn a lot too!  You don't need sudocu or crossword excersizes or whatever to charge your brain, just something to peek your interest in a concrete topic!(Unlike my abstract scocial studies classes touted in dismissive bias by baby boomers!)  Either read about the Pilgrams or be one!
1,Truly awful, and not a case of a bad apple.  I rarely write bad reviews, but this is one EA owes us unfortunate buyers some recourse for.  I read the bad reviews before buying, but am a huge NHL fan and thought "it couldn't be *that* bad" and took a chance.  If anything it's worse than reviews and people have said.  If EA put out a Madden game this bad they'd be filing bankruptcy in a year.  It's a very, very, unfinished game, even patched with all of the updates to 10/23/2014 it would barely pass as a beta.  This is a case of a game that wasn't nearly done and should have been cancelled but was instead released.		Specifically, in addition to things other posters have mentioned, the game is simply barely playable.  For example, want to learn the controls?  Practice mode consists of you 1 on 1 against a goalie, no challenges, that's it.  No practice modes of any other type like defense or goalie.  In MUT, you can't even play the team of the week.  No automatic lineup generation.  Looking up anything in the Auction House is a chore.  Gameplay and AI is awful.  I could go on and on.  Even as a NHL fan I'll be selling this asap, and it will be a long long time before I buy another EA NHL game.  Making a much, much, improved NHL 16 game and giving it to free to owners of NHL 15 is about the only thing that would change my disgust.
1,I have not been a fan of this keyboard, I often question whether or not it was a good purchase for the price...I bought mine for $79 and I feel ripped off.		The backlight on it is poor, some keys have the letter names scratched off from just normal usage and some keys light brighter than others.		Finally for $5 more I decided to buy the Logitech G510, it is in a different class compared to the Razer Lycosa and I'm very happy with it, when you compare the Razer to it's competitors the choice is a no brainer.		I will return the Razer for warranty to fix the lights and it has taken 8 weeks and I'm yet to receive any communication. You will have to chase them on the warranty otherwise you'll be forgotten.		I gave Razer a chance by purchasing this item. Sadly, I now regret it. Mediocre Keyboard that is Overpriced, I won't be buying another Razer Product any time soon.
1,Like most people, I bought the game because I wanted to play it.  Unlike most people, I also bought it because I wanted to do some research into the artwork for a project.  The game looks gorgeous, the ambiance outstanding and the gameplay a blast.  Yes, I know the game's been out a while, but I haven't really had the chance to do any gaming recently, so now was a grand opportunity.		Installed.  Ran.  Sound cut out.  WTF?  Okay, downloaded the patch.  Ran.  Sound cut out.		Went to the internet to find umpteen billions of complaints about this and the unofficial explanation given as "just run it in XP Mode."		Okay, run in XP mode.  Sound cut out.		Came here to review...and then read about all the other problems this game has.		2K, if this is how you run your business, with an absolute lack of care for your customers because one or two pirates cause you problems, you really need to go out of business.  I was looking forward to really playing this game, as well as the aforementioned project reasons.		Now?  You've just lost my business.  You can count this as one less copy of Bioshock 2 sold, and definitely one less copy of Bioshock Infinite sold.
1,The good: This is actually a very comfy headset and the sound quality on them is good with lots of deep booming bass. I really enjoyed them up until all the problems started pouring in.		The bad: I started to have issues with the headset randomly disconnecting from my controller and then also randomly shutting my controller off while playing games when the AG1 adapter was plugged in for mic use. I also was told that my headset was giving really bad buzzing noises over chat from time to time. This noise got worse when I had them plugged in to charge.		I ended up returning them, unfortunately. I wish they would've worked out because they appear to be good quality on the outside. I just can't justify paying $300 for a headset that can't even function properly under normal circumstances.
1,I was looking forward to this game for a few months reading the previews on the game site.		Why? This is not a good game.		Bad graphics		Boring gameplay		To many bugs to mention		Stupid story		I can go on and on but there is no comparison with San Andreas.		If you want to waste your money buy that not this junk!		I rather play San Andreas.		AND YOU SHOULD TO!
1,HEEEEEELLLLPP!!! I Just Got The Game This Monday (1/2/2017) Popped The Disk In And I'm Unable To Play. It Tells Me To Update The App But When I Try To It's Unable To Download The Update 1.10
1,Battlefield 4 is way better
1,This is not really good if you check on the videos it looks nice however once you play it it becomes really boring there a couple of stages that are really nice it's much better to play it with 2 players.
1,I have gone through 3 of these official Dualshock 3 controllers and they always wear out and break.  The analog sticks get stuck, the plastic wears down creating lots of plastic dust that gets inside and messes up the controllers, the buttons go haywire and randomly press.  I have tried to fix all 3 controllers because I'm tired of spending so much money on them and haven't had any success.  I have been a professional electronics technician for nearly 20 years and can tell you that Sony designs them with flaws intentionally in order to sell you replacements down the road at a nice profit.  This is the exact reason I won't purchase a PS4, their controllers started having issues right out of the box.
1,This was okay but not for me.  Had trouble actually grabbing some objects once I used a hint,  Annoying.  Will not get the second game.
1,This game is awful. Save your money and order anything else for the ps4 on amazon.
1,Once I open the packing box I found that the product was broken the case busted and it does not work.
1,It Was Ok But I Got Really Bored After I Played It For A While Maybe I Will Try It Again With Friends To See If I Like It!
1,Absolute garbage longevity. Such an amazing headset, such awful build quality and mic longevity. Have gone through 2 in 10 months. I'm not physically rough with them in any way, but the first pair stripped out so the headband wouldn't stay together and the second one lasted 2 months and the mic blew out. DO NOT BUY UNLESS YOU ARE RICH AND WANT TO BUY A NEW PAIR EVERY 3 MONTHS!!!
1,Cash grab this one is. Still sell a lot of copies it will. Shame that is.  Many disappointed gamers on Christmas there will be.		Yes, many returns.
1,After giving this game a 2nd try, I am changing my rating from 3 stars to 2. Having never played a Monster Hunter game I wanted to see what it was all about. I really tried to like it, but I couldn't get into it. I couldn't get some of the controls to work, like locking on a target, which makes combat extremely difficult. Trust me, I reread everything on how to do it and I couldn't get it to work. Plus if you are a casual RPG person that likes simpler RPG's, then this game isn't for you. There is so much to collect, to keep track of, etc. It just overwhelmed me and I didn't feel like learning it. If that sort of thing, like crafting armor and endless grinding to collect stuff is your thing, then this game is for you. I really tried to get into it, but I couldn't. I had about 10 hours into it before I gave up. Monster Hunter 3 might be an awesome game, but I couldn't get into it. I prefer simpler type action RPG's like Dark Souls.
1,This game just does too much that players don't know what to make of it. As you may already know there are 3 different stories for this game. 4 stories if you do count Ada Wong story. Anyways, every story is different from each other in some ways. For example, when you play Jake's story, you will find yourself doing a whole lot of chase scenes and action commands more over than any other story. For Leon's story is more slower peace and a bit more old school scary feeling to it. For Chris's story, you get an action pack non-stop military story. This game has it all, but way too much of it and beyond that.		I found this game has VERY BAD CAMERA. You are trying to play the game and suddenly the game takes the camera and points you to what it wants you to see. You might be wanting to doing something else and don't want to do that just yet, but nope. The game doesn't care about what you think and will force you to see what you want. You can't even move the camera anymore and if you were looking with it at somewhere else you won't even see what the game wanted you to see all together.		People that play shooter games all the time, will feel quite use to the controls and won't have a problem with it at all. But, for me, I had to get used to them. I don't play shooters that much and I didn't like to move the camera myself. I liked the controls from RE5 much more than this game!		The game play is okay, once you beat the stories, you can go back and play them again and again to get the stuff you miss...but maybe you don't want to do that because it takes quite some time to finish each story. 5 chapters in each story. One chapter may take about 30 mins to 1 and half hours to do, so it's not a quick thing at all. Also, if you want to blaze through the game then you want to do the easy mode for sure as with each higher difficult it gets much harder to kill anyone and you take way more damage too.		The only thing I really found fun was the Mercenaries mode. This mode is given to a player right from the start of the game and you don't have to beat the game to get it. You just have to play the prelude, which is forced to play anyways. If you play with a friend from the start, your friend also would have to play the prelude as the first player as he/she can not access Mercenaries mode until they do.		Mercenaries has 3 stages to for the disc, but you only start with one stage. You must beat the other 2 stories to get two more stages to come out for the rest of Mercenaries. Also, there are 3 more stages that you can buy as DLC for $1 each stage. If you really enjoy Mercenaries than you should get the DLC, as it fun to play them over and over again.		What I find different from RE 5 Mercenaries and RE 6 Mercenaries is that RE 6 Mercenaries is WAYYYYY Easier to beat with a 150 combo. My friend and I already have done that on 3 stages and we only had the game for a week. This is because the time for killing enemies has increase from 10 sec to 15 sec. That's so easy!!! Also, the weapons for RE 6 are soooo powerful against enemies that it's child's play! Come on! Boom, Boom, Boom. lol Also, RE 6 Mercenaries makes it very easy to get used to what skills you like and if you're so good at doing that skill you can totally destroy any stage with an amazing score!!!		The game fails in Mercenaries mode for helping a partner recovering when he/she get's knock down and is in dying mode. I found myself running towards my partner, but realized that the camera will always turn your character backwards. If you where pushing your character to move right, after the dying screen comes up you find your character running left instead. Total BS!!!		I didn't know at the time when I wrote the above, but I know now why, the camera goes all crazy and white out when a partner is down. You can actually, equip a skill called "first responder", which would let you still be in total control after a partner is down. If you're a pro player, you would never put on this skill because a pro player would rather die and start over for a high score than use this skill. Also, pro players would almost never get taken down, so there's really no point in using that skill.		Finally, do I recommend this game? This game is only good if you in love with Resident Evil series and you will find that you don't mind it. You would also like this game if you love shooter games. You won't like this game, if you wanted something like Resident Evil 1 to 3. That side of the RE series is dead and won't ever come back....well in this RE series you can do counter move from RE 3, but most likely, if you wanted the scary feeling then that's not in this game. You won't be scared at all! This game has gone action pack and if that's what you wanted then this is it!		2 stars for Mercenaries and a good fail for campaign mode.		--------------------------------------------		Update:		There are more mercs stages since I wrote my review. I of course bought them because they are still fairly cheap. They have a totally of 10 stages. Not sure if they will have anymore stages, but it is still possible.		There has been couple of free updates as well. The updates helps mainly the campaign mode and is helpful if you plan on playing and doing everything in it.		There are 4 more online modes that you can buy for this game now. Since, I don't play online - I didn't get them. They do look quite good if you play online though. Some modes allow you to play with others as a team and some modes allow you to play against others. Check them out, if you like this game and do play online a lot. I'm sure, you will like them.		-------------------------------------		3/12/2013		They have now combined all the DLC 7 Mercenaries stages into one bundle DLC. Buying the bundle would save a player a few dollars. Of course, if you liked the mercenaries mode, you would probably had already brought all the stages already and still be happy with not waiting for a bundle. If not, this is your chance to get even more play value out of this game at a discount.
1,No justice for the original. This was a disaster. Highly repetitive, dumb. Good voice acting and great cutscenes though. Horrible gameplay though. Just horrible.
1,I won't buy another CoD game until they fix issues hampering the franchise for years.		-Single player was below average compared to the great MW history. Short and a beyond stupid story.	-Multiplayer is fun but progression is too slow for gamers with job/lives.	-The multiplayer community behavior is full of horrible people. Activision not only accepts the behavior of harassment and bullying but condones it by not giving players a way to weed out selfish and toxic players. There is an unhealthy community management system in place and that needs to change.		+Advanced Warfare is far faster than in the past reducing camping.	+The game still controls better than any other FPS.		There just isn't enough value to buy at full price. It really is a faster more vertical version of the same game we see every year. I didn't like it but it is better than BF Hardline.
1,Game barely works. You get crashes trying to access Battlelog in-game. You crash when you play Conquest for 5-10 minutes. You crash loading to the next map. There's no party interface to play with friends, which is ridiculous.		I'm a huge Battlefield fan, ever since 1942 back in the day, but this game is a mess, I'd stay away for now.
1,I've owned the 360 since very close to its launch, and thus have been using the controller for quite some time now.  I feel the 360 controller is a bit of a conundrum as so many people sing its praises, yet to me, its detrimental aspects far outweigh its form fitting design.		Pros:	Born from the marriage of design of the Original Xbox "S" controller and The Sega Dramcast controller the ergonomic design affords a very comfortable grip when just holding it in your hands.  The aesthetic of the controller, likewise is very appealing.  Button placement is very good and the sticks have a nice stiff feeling allowing for precise movement. In particular the triggers "L" and "R" feel very well implemented and lend themselves to FPS style games.		Cons:	So with so much going for it, there are several hurdles that make this controller sub-par in my experience.  First and foremost is the stiffness of the "A" "B" "X" "Y" buttons.  After playing a game for more than 20 minutes my fingers actually hurt because of the extremely rigid tension in each of these buttons.  Having a controller that makes your fingers hurt and tired from short use is unforgivable. An equally unforgivable offense is the atrocious "D Pad".  The 360's D-Pad is beyond bad, suffering from stiff, unresponsive design and imprecise movement.		The fact that Microsoft let these flaws through their intial focus testing, and allowed them to continue for so long in the 360's lifecycle is downright absurd.  Until they fix these flaws, they will get no greater rating from me than 1 star.
1,This awful game has a great premise. I laughed and laughed reading the booklet but once I started playing I got bored very fast. The quest moves at a crawl and there is tons of repetition. The game consists of wandering the same tiny patch of land whacking the same monsters until you have enough money to buy new job classes you need to proceed to the next tiny area.		  After many hours I dethroned my first rival king and met a queen. Now I'm not expecting a mass effect sex scene or anything but even in Rune Factory once you get married your gal packs you a lunch. Not in this game. She just sits in a hut off to the side of the castle. That is so typical of this whole game's world though. No one does anything. Nothing happens. People say the same things over and over again. All you do is hunt treasure and build bridges. The Little King's world doesn't feel alive.		  The graphics are hideous for a Wii game. Really. They look like Chibi Robo(a Game Cube game that had bad graphics for a Game Cube game). Little King's Story also uses no motion controls what so ever and it needs them. Moving your men around is a chore. You can only order them about one by one. No big deal when you have 5 guys but once you have 12 or more it sucks not being able to move them as a group like in Pikmin. Organizing a group is a pain too. If you bring a new guy onto your team you have no control over who gets kicked out.		  This is one game you really have to rent first. I got rid of mine fast. Bad graphics, slow and repetitive, doesn't use the wiimote pointer or motion controls(this is a Wii exclusive?), and worst of all it's not funny. I hear Pikmin 3 is coming soon. I'd advise waiting for that.
1,couples issues here. The first more minor one is that the light settings don't save when you turn your pc off and therefore you have to reset your light every time you turn on your pc. The second being tracking is pretty garbage which you can really tell while you play games, otherwise it works for everyday computing purposes. To bad its over priced. I don't like Razor after trying a few of their products
1,This game seems like it could be good, but I find it annoying how the entire game world flashes black and white every time I make a kill. Seeing an X over each enemy is enough and even that should be optional. The screen flash takes me out of the game and makes combat feel boring and cheap. I don't know why they force everybody to play this way, not everybody sucks at 3rd person shooters so bad they need kill indicators. Is it that hard to add an option to turn the kill flash and X hit markers off?		 The campaign here is only 69 missions long, probably the shortest GTA game ever made. GTA 5 had potential to be the best and has good ideas, but feels like it was watered down for Non Gta fans and the COD/madden crowd.
1,The game has a lot of potential but is loaded with bugs.  First issue (won't blame BF3 for this but....) right off the bat, my overclocked system crashed hard caused by what appears to be a memory timing issue.  I spent a couple of hours redoing the memory timings but I got the system back and BF3 started running again.		First BF3 bug, as soon as the player spawns, the weapons continually discharge until empty.  Tried remapping the controls but no luck.  The respawning player also drifts around the map when you are not touching the keyboard or mouse.  There is a lot of lag in the game with anything more than 24 players.  I have a ping under 30 and I still get lag.  With the lag issue, you can shoot a weapon, walk for 2 seconds and then the weapon finally fires :		The graphics are really nice.  I have an ATI 4000 series video card and I am surprised at how fluid the game is, the physics and modeling are awesome.		I could keep going but I think the game will be ready for public consumption by Christmas.  Until then, you are a beta tester.  Cheers.		+++  UPDATE  - After several hours of play, the majority of bugs look like they are centered around DirectX11.  Whenever you get into a complex scene with lots of stuff going on, the game crashes out to a point Win7 can barely recover from without doing a complete reboot.  The errors that are reported all have to do with DirectX.  I am running the latest 11.9 ATI drivers on my ATI 4870 video card and 3.6ghz 6GB Win7 64bit machine.  It is also easy to crash the game if you hit a key too fast and too many times.  The game gets confused and locks up.  And, finally, if you accidentally hit the "Windows" button on your keyboard, CRASH.  Other than that, it's going to be awesome in a few months when they get the bugs worked out.
1,Really wanted to like it. Really did. Couldn't though. Gameplay seemed unbalanced. Enemies were way too hard, not enough ammo and the pacing just seemed off in all the campaigns. Couldn't get invested in the story, didn't care about any of the characters except Leon. Resident Evil 5 was much better and this can't even be compared to Resident Evil 4. I wouldn't recommend it.
1,I was very excited to have received this and was hosting a Halo release day party. After two hours the Xbox suddenly turned off during play and will not come back on ever since. Needles to say this ruined the day and party. Contacted Microsoft and they said to send it back to retailer. For the price I would expect better quality from Microsoft considering all the problems they had with the old Xbox style, one would think they would step it up.
1,You cannot use the roster update feature with multiple profiles on the PS3, all my kids can't play this game...
1,it was shipped super fast which was great and all, but to my demise, when i opened the box and pulled out the pritect... only 4 felt circles on one side, a big sadface ;(
1,I bought these from best buy and the sound quality is good but still requires Xbone controller for mic..So not truly wireless. Sending this junk back. Lets get with the times already and release a real wireless experience.  300 dollars for what? Built nice but still requires controller for mic is just stupid. Id rather use the uncomfortable mic that Xbox One comes with at least it does the same job as this overpriced garbage...
1,Up until I played DA2 I would have called Bioware the best gaming company ever, but DA2 sux so bad all the positive karma from games past was drained. You took a really good RPG (Origins) and turned it into console swill. You outta be ashamed! Never again will I buy a game just because it carries the Bioware name. DA2 is crap. Now I'm going to spend the time I would have used playing the game to post this on every review site I can find. Perhaps I can save someone else the pain and disappointment of wasting resources on the worst disappointment in almost 30 years of computer gaming. Did I mention how much this game sucks?
1,Most of the gameplay in "Tron Evolution" is lifted wholesale from "Prince of Persia" (2008). The unfortunate thing is, Tron does not bring over the level of design care, camera tuning, and general polish which PoP 2008 enjoyed.		There is also a subtle but important difference in how player-failure is handled, between PoP's "rescued in time by Elika" presentation and Tron's "De-Rez/Re-Install" presentation. The latter feels much more punishing, and increases a player's stress.		Tron does feature vehicle sequences, which are quite rudimentary and unsatisfying. The initial lightcycle run features no time for familiarization before requiring quick turn reactions -and- acceleration to deal with a massive jump.		Overall, the game is quite pretty, and re-creates the world of Tron from the recent movie. This is diminished somewhat by in-game cinematics which are muddy and unsaturated compared to the game's own visuals. The audio is busy, but effective.		If you want to enjoy this type of gameplay, consider buying Prince of Persia. If you want to experience Tron as a player, find the old coin-op machine and go to town.
1,Damaged on both bottom corners and ink smudge over the upc.
1,After Few month of use the headset start to lose connection randomly and sometimes mic stop working randomly
1,blizzard is making sure you don't own this game. If we don't boycott games like this the constant online  verification will continue. They already took away our ability to lan without them. don't let them take any more
1,Only good to play a ps2 controler on ps3 don't bother trying rock band or gh stuff that way its all messes up
1,My sister purchased this, and so I played it over at her place.  There are a lot of good racing stages, and that is what most people buy this game for.  I've always preferred the "Battle Mode", though.  So, while the racing stages are incredible and a few new items and challenges have been added, the "Battle Mode" has become more of a battle against the PC than other players.  In previous games, it was just you and anyone else you could get to play.  Now, you don't have that option, which takes away the fun because there's no real competition, since the AI is not very bright, but always gets in the way, and there are usually large obstacles in the battle levels that can take you out.  So, rather than "Battle Mode", I'd call this "Survival Against the AI Mode".
1,I hate this game,thanks to this game people actually stopped playing online,its that bad.	terrible experience,GoW2 took the worst of the first game and made it its strong point. The Plot takes you nowhere,ok theres some really cool levels and the graphics are top notch but this is an example of something generic.	And the multiplayer sucks big time too,you must wait for minutes and minutes to realize your patience is rewarded with a lame Annex game nobody chooses but since there was a tie in the votes its computers choice. Obviously four of your team leaves...and you too if you're smart,but then it counts as a negative for your rank so if you once had a three now you have a two and never leave there. The shotgun sucks,but the worst are the grenades. Now the strategy is to throw or plant the smoke grenade so every one on the team stuns for like an entire round lying on the floor like idiots and it just takes one person of the other team with a chainsaw ready to kill everyone lying. Oh,and if an opponent comes at you with a prepared chainsaw and you shoot at him with your shotgun he won't stop,your bullet will not affect him and get will get you. Also,remember when you had to be good with the torquebow to kill someone?,now you only have to hit the floor with an arrow close to the opponent to kill him,whats next,bouncing sniper bullets?.		so all the little idiots are now running with their chainsaws killing everyone and planting grenades. Aint that a break for the mediocre?		Honestly,it sucks,dont buy it,rent it.
1,Just didn't work for me.  I didn't find it fun at all.  I've only played it twice and probably won't play it anymore.
1,Visually this game is terribly lacking. The car models are swarmed with nasty looking jaggies that I've never seen before in previous car games on the PSX. The models look somewhat decent, but their outward appearance is very grainy, thanks to the jaggies. Not exactly very nice car detail, and I'm frankly disappointed. The environments are very shabby, they flicker like crazy and on top of that look downright pixilated. When you look at the floor, or the backgrounds you should notice how incredibly ugly everything looks, it makes me even wonder if Eutechnyx spent any time on the game from E3 2000 up until the release date. The frame rates are fine, but at times may act up, and don't get me started on the pop-up 'cause this game is right up there with Driver 2. The game's collision detection is also a pile (...), and the overall look of the visuals looks hardly alpha staged, the only good thing I can say about the visuals is that they move and there are colors, otherwise everything else, including special effects look like demo titles running on a first wave PSX tool-kit. But I must admit that the CGs are some of the best in any PS game yet.	  The concept of the game is quite good, only if it was better executed. You are James Bond of course, except you are Pierce Brosnan not Sean Connery or the other Bonds, that is bad impact number one. The game's plot is totally unrealistic, you will see Pierce Brosnan in every single vehicle, including a DB5 and tons of other classic Bond vehicles. I believe that it was a stupid move by the developer to only put Pierce Brosnan in 007 Racing, because true Bond fans will be completely turned off by the game. Losing some critical points there, 007 Racing also suffers from un-balanced and boring missions, such as picking up people, shooting down a helicopter with only one try, escorting this person, that person, blah, blah, blah. By the second mission you'll definitely notice what kind of horrendously boring product your playing. If you folks want to know, there are 15 missions to complete, all of which are explained to you in a mission briefing, but none that I would like to listen to. There are a few decent stages, take for example the Highway Hazzard, what you do here is you follow an 18-wheeler and your goal is to pop the wheels on the truck using a hi-tech device. In case you're wondering, the two-player missions need not to be played, you just won't have any fun with them at all. Some of the weapons that James Bond will use are missiles, homing missiles and machine guns, he will be able to use shields and replenish his lives by picking up health kits. Through the game you will be taken through tons of different areas such as New York, Louisiana, Eastern Europe, and Monte Carlo. 007 Racing is a lacking game with a great concept, if only the developer had taken time to balance out the missions, and perk up the visuals, we could have had a great game, but there is always the PS2 version which is currently under development.	  Audio is decent, but the songs are far too repetitive and can annoy the heck out of you. The voice acting on the other hand is quite good, but it seems as if Q would rather have the returned in one piece instead of having James back healthy. While playing the game you'll hear Q commenting on your performance, and may give you some hints at times. Most of the time the voice acting is found during the mission briefings by M and they can be quite long, but the clarity is good though so there isn't anything painful to be dealt with. Not bad audio effects, but if the soundtrack was worked on we could have had something much better.	  Controls are just too sloppy, every time I try to make a turn it feels like the emergency brake has been hit. The cars have absolutely no realistic feel to them at all, so car enthusiasts must look elsewhere. I'll give the game its nice analog features, both analog sticks work and they have a good deal of sensitivity. I honestly can't say much more about the controls, other than that they feel very sloppy, there is no realism to speak off and the only thing that's good about the controls are the analog sticks.	  Sadly what was once a very promising game, turned out to be a miserable failure, 007 could have been a good game if its visuals were worked on more, because I know that PSOne can do so much better than this, the gameplay needs to adjusting and the controls should have been tightened up for better gameplay. With horrible graphics, unsatisfactory and tedious gameplay, and loose controls 007 Racing is barely worth a purchase, let alone a rental, just stay away from this game if you know what's good for you and the Playstation.	6.1 / 10	but it is bond after all so I suppose you will all buy it anyway
1,I rented this game because A) It boasts Wi-Fi play and B)It looked really cool.  As it turns out, neither was true.  This game is TERRIBLE.  I mean, it is what it is... its a hoverboard game... so that is kinda cool.  However, me and 3 friends played, and it was awful.  The gameplay way too complex.  I swear... I COULD NOT complete the tutorial (at least not before getting disgusted after 30 minutes wasted).  You get almost NO instructions.  The first level of story mode was way too hard.  But at least you can play online, right? WRONG!  You can download other users' "GHOST" from all over the world, and race against their best time.  Wasn't that a feature of the SNES Mario Kart? Racing vs ghosts? Totally LAME!  Save your money... or buy NitroBike or Mario Kart!  After buying Mario and Sonic @ The Olympics, which was awesome, I was really suprised at how poor this game is.  Too bad.  HTH!
1,God-awful game as is it's sequel.  Game cheats and controls suck and the save feature is a joke
1,You know...It's funny: When it was announced that Rare would be bought out by Microsoft, they made it seem like it would be a decision that would greatly enhance not only the Xbox lineup, but Rare's own creations. Over a decade later, we learn not only has the famous development team churned out way less titles than when they were with Nintendo and prior, but notable franchises such as Conker and Banjo-Kazooie haven't fared well at all from the purchase. This installment in particular pretty much convinced Microsoft to have Rare only make Kinect Sports games from that point on until this year, when they suddenly released one of the best video game collections ever made.		But anyway, Banjo Kazooie: Nuts and Bolts is the FIFTH Banjo game in the series, NOT the third. You see, despite Rare being owned by Microsoft, they were still allowed to make games for the Game Boy Advance and eventually the Nintendo DS, two of them being Banjo games; 2003 saw the release of Banjo Kazooie: Grunty's Revenge, an original platforming-adventure that took place between the first two games, and two years later there was Banjo Pilot, which was basically a kart-racer except with planes. Because THQ, the titles' publisher, didn't promote them much at all, they've become drastically overlooked in comparison to the other games in the series.		So if anything, I would gladly consider Grunty's Revenge to be the real "Banjo Threeie" over this crap.		The first glaring issue with the game is how egotistical it is of itself. The story is basically a re-enactment of a meeting at Microsoft (or so I like to think of it), as Banjo, Kazooie, and living 80s computer L.O.G. remind me a lot of bickering executives. L.O.G. persuades to Bear and Bird that nobody likes playing platformers anymore (Because Super Mario Galaxy totally bombed, right?), and that kids today just want to shoot things. The result? L.O.G. shoves the duo into a mission-based game involving cars. No, seriously. How L.O.G. decided to pick a car theme out of the idea that kids like shooting games is beyond my knowledge.		Missions are held within various themed worlds as can be expected, but everything is so ridiculously played out this time. Each world opens up like some corny television program, and the supporting characters of each world are literally placed in a role as if they were actors. Whatever happened to the naturally whimsical feel of the original games? Nuts and Bolts instead has everything mechanically in place, and the game itself constantly likes to believe there isn't even a fourth wall, as everything is pointed out as they know they're in a game. They even talk about wondering if this game would be successful, Kazooie complaining about not having her abilities from older games, etc. I thought video games are supposed to make you think you're in another reality that's unlike our own, not outright admit it's all a setup from the get-go.		Because of the mission-based play, don't expect to do much when you're not assigned anything; the environments are basically empty playgrounds you could explore by driving your car. The missions themselves are usually things that involve your car (Duh), but even when you try your best to ignore the fact that this carries the Banjo Kazooie name, the missions don't feel as robust or rewarding as platforming challenges one conquers in the adventuring titles. They feel a lot like the missions from Mario Kart DS's Mission mode, except less fun and with lesser variety. Certain objectives are rather vague, while some others can be frustrating all because the car's wonky "realistic" control schemes would throw you off.		Because of all this, I actually ended up getting BORED playing this game, which is something I never expected a game by Rare to cause. I was increasingly growing tired of doing car-based missions that all require me to sit in the thing and drive it in ways that aren't as reliable as they should have been. The scary part is I gave this game many, many chances to appeal to me, but every play session I attempted, I ended up wanting to play anything else on my Rare Replay disc and/or Banjo Kazooie: Grunty's Revenge. Don't play this game if you don't want your memories of Bear and Bird tainted.
1,I just want to say that this is a racing game if u haven't already figured that out. If u like ur games to have a little more substance then u won't like this. I will admit that the built-in rumble feature on the controller really adds to the realism. It is very realistic, like when you get hit or go across a bumpy dirt road, you feel every hit and feel every bump, but that's basically the only thing it has going for it.
1,The game was not that good, despite all the hype.  So I uninstalled it and sold it.  The new owner said the game code would not allow a reinstall even though it was uninstalled from the previous machine.  Basically, if you buy it and play it, even though it was only once, you are STUCK WITH IT.  You own it permanently.  So make absolutely sure you like this game before you buy it.  It's not like in the old days, where you can uninstall the game and sell it on ebay or something.  Very disappointed with this feature of the game.		The game itself, the graphics are good but the game play was so-so.  Looks like it's mostly a multiplayer game where you continuously respawn when you get killed.  Wasn't much fun to play.
1,Does not work with my highly expensive computer and I have all the componets for the game.
1,Some of these might be ok the one I had a defective one the buttons were bad and the wheel squeaked Pretty annoying I didn't buy another one.
1,Performs as advertised. I just replaced my Thrustmaster T500 RS with this model. No regrets, very responsive. You just need to find the right tweaking for your game.  I like using the wheel more with my PC than my X Box one. I highly recommend it to avid race sim fanatics.		Follow up review Dec 15, 2015	After I updated the FW on my XBOX ONE, the wheel stopped working, and cannot be detected at all.  Oddly, on my PC Win10 the wheel is still recognized with my "Project Cars" game only.  F1 2015 can see the wheel but it will not function correctly. I have started my return for refund process but I cancelled the request in hopes that Logitech will have a firmware / driver patch later. (HOPEFULLY)  I like the wheel and it is working with my PC so I decided to hang on to this G920.
1,Being as I'm something of a cynical jerk, and usually anything with the attached phrases of "badass" or "kickass" set off my "ANGER" button, I had absolutely low expectations for this game, whereas I also hoped it could convert me; similar to how Jedi Knights II and III had much of the attached phrases of "badass" and "kickass" attached to them, yet I found them enjoyable by themselves without the uninteresting stories.		Because I'm a cynical jerk, I have to get out of the way the unimportant complaints first: the game trailers did absolutely nothing to convince me to want to try this game: commercial one featuring "Generic Loner Badass #7001" as I call him, doing some kind of KAMEHAMEHAMEHA~! on a Wookiee that destroys half the map.  I figured this was kind of ridiculously overpowered, but I'll get to that later.		On another unfair point, Generic Loner Badass #7001 lives up to his name in both appearance and power.  He is about as unremarkable and boring a character as Kyle Katarn without the frilly beard or the "I'm just an honest ex-assassin bartender" jerk from Assassin's Creed.  His outfit is a random mishmashing of robes and other "dark things" you'd likely find at a robe-version of Hot Topic, to likely appeal as much as possible to the "dude, this game is so badass" crowd of gamers who set off my ANGER button.		But back to the game itself... graphically, it's as expected.		The pros first: the environment is highly interactive, and one of my favorite things to do in space levels is to use the Force to throw objects at the plasteel windows, sending atmosphere and objects out into space before blastdoors close shut on them.		Despite being completely against the Star Wars canon of the Force being a mystical force whose ominence was in its invisibility, it is fun to do things like use it to grab objects and move them around with amazing control and amazing reaction---enemy troopers will leap out of the way of flying crates, but if caught will be swept off their feet or smacked aside.  It's amazing to see the Force used to pull TIE fighters off their racks, or bed metal girders to block the path of fly-by starfighters and cause them to crash.		My primary aesthetic complaint is the Force itself.  The use of the Force in the movies and TV shows and most of the games is most memorable for having no appearance, and mostly no sound save for that ear-drum crushing hum it makes, such as when Darth Vader chokes Admiral Motti on the Death Star for a few seconds.  THAT makes it terrifying.  Here, it is given LOUD sounds when used, Force Push in particular sounding like a huge laser cannon, and given purple waves to accompany it, so you can always see where it is, and what it's doing.		Then the action itself: If you've played the video games for Star Wars: Clone Wars (2002) or Star Wars Revenge of the Sith (2005) then you'll pretty much get this game right away.  It's the exact same format, rather God of War style, in which the only controls needed for your lightsaber are to hit the attack button as many times as you can, and Generic Loner Badass #7001 will swing it all which ways nonstop in a combo that can get you killed if you don't stop long enough to deflect blaster bolts.		This is compared to a game like Jedi Outcast/Academy where specific lightsaber attacks differed depending on a combination of buttons used, and gave it a far more interactive feeling.  Here, it just feels like giving a command: "Use your lightsaber to kill this guy" and Generic Loner Badass #7001 will fight his own way, without your input.		For all its beautiful spit and polish in lightsaber combat, they really badly cut back on blaster deflection; you absolutely cannot deflect blaster bolts unless you STOP and press one of the buttons (I think it was B) and hold it.  Then, Generic Loner Badass #7001 proceeds to do the exact same lightsaber swinging loop to deflect bolts, nonstop, until you let go.  This same loop is re-used, and never changes.		The lightsaber itself that he starts with seems to be pretty weak, as most enemies I've found are taken out with usually one powerful swing, but a fairly large amount take more than that to be killed.  And considering the stilted, monotonous actions the lightsaber combat takes, it's impossible to easily attack and kill multiple opponents firing on you; you're better off just using your Force powers.		And then come the Force powers.  If LucasArts is trying to sell this Generic Loner Badass as "THE OMFG BESTEST MOST UBER JEDI SITH IN THE EVAR~!" then they succeeded TOO well... he is grossly overpowered, to a point where he is more powerful than Yoda, Darth Sidious, Darth Vader, and Mace Windu combined.  It's utterly ridiculous to see him slice an AT-ST in half with one swoop, or press and hold the Force push button for half a second to unleash a KAMEHAMEHAAA~!!!111 type blast which kills the crap out of EVERYTHING in its path guaranteed, and takes up very little Force energy to use.		So the game has little lasting appeal beyond a one-day rental that will see longtime LucasArts gamers feel a blinding gush of deja-vu from the days of Clone Wars and Episode III video game, and ultimately disappointed at how heavily hyped this rental game was, only to end up being Just Another LucasArts Release that will likely be forgotten within a year or more.
1,Let's see. Buy a product that advertises 101 games. Start playing and quickly learn you can only play FIVE out of 101 without unlocking the other NINETY-SIX!		Thought for Atlus: advertise 101 games, buyers (remember us???) can immediately play 101 games. GASP, what an idea!		Atlus, I like the concept of these little games. You have some new ones I would have ordered. "Would" is the key word. Now, I won't; since you may not realize the correspondence between customers and sales, that means "no more dollars".		Post a code to allow buyers to play all 101 (after all, we paid for them). Otherwise, totally change the title of the game to "5 in 1 (and maybe 96 more)".
1,Disk won't read, junk
1,Unfortunately, this game just wasn't ready to be released.  Since the new movie is out, Lucas Arts had to capitlize on the momentum, and they released a partially functional game.		Out of the box, run the installer.  Everything looks good until it refuses to run because I have an "emulator" running.  Copy protection paranoia.  I go to the support site, and there is information about a combination of Dell and Roxio which trips this block.  I download the patch (even though I have an HP and Roxio) and the error message goes away.  Fortunately, I know what I am doing, but I feel for the average parent who just wants to get a game for the kids.		OK, patch installed, nothing but a black screen for over fifteen minutes.  The only way to get the game to start with the patch is to run the task manager and switch to the Lego Indiana Jones app.  Again, I pity the uninformed.		Once the game finally runs, there is no sound, only music.  The game plays, but the graphics are jerky and I have to turn the settings down (I have many games and a pretty advanced system, and this is the ONLY game I have EVER had to turn down anything on!).		At first, it insists that player one be the keyboard, while only player two may use the game pad.  Nothing would let me change that.  Today, I discover that whatever you touch when the game starts determines which control will be player 1.  Seriously!  Completely idiotic.  Nevertheless, make sure if you can run this game that you DO NOT TOUCH THE KEYBOARD WHEN THE GAME STARTS!  DO NOT EVEN TRY TO TURN DOWN THE VOLUME, AS YOU WILL BE STUCK USING THE KEYBOARD!		The gameplay, graphics, and music are nearly equal to the Star Wars ones, but the lack of sound effects is irritating.		If you really must buy this game, wait until we are done beta testing it and the patches are all available.		The experience with this game has made me re-think my pre-order for Lego Batman.  My son really wants that one, but he is frustrated with this experience too!		UPDATE:  After a long time of messing around to try to get sounds working on this game, I finally decided to give "Run as Administrator" a shot, and lo and behold, there be sound here!  Now the game is much better, but I renew my objection to both the "emulator" problem (I'm not running an emulator of any kind) and the fact that NO ONE at Lucas Arts had any idea how to fix this game!  Seriously, no one, and they wrote it!  Fortunately, I just happened to decide to try to run it as administrator, and the problem went away.  Shoddy programming and documentation, but it turns out to be a pretty good game.
1,D-Pad sticks in odd directions and doesn't respond half the time. I bought two, they both are horrible. Plug n Play worked fine on Win 7 and Raspbian. Only worth having for slow RPGs or any game that doesn't require quick reflex actions. I should have returned them but instead I gave them away to a 3 year old who doesn't notice the poor quality.
1,does not last long as factory version
1,Why exactly do I have to create an account and log into Synapse's website in order to use a mouse?  Even when I click on 'don't install' I get prompted to do so after every reboot.
1,The idea behind the stuff packs is great but Maxis is going to have to work on the particulars for the packs to be a success. The artwork is lovely, the furniture very sleek and the outfits are great. However $19.99 is too much for my budget when this stuff pack only includes 60 items. Same as Family Fun I'm waiting until Glamour drops to $10-12.		Although the clothes for the adults are really nice I think it would have been good to add dressy clothes for elders and children too. The artwork is beautiful but it would have been a plus to have more from different eras. Same as the furniture. Glamour is more than just Art Deco. If they had included more styles in furniture and artwork I would have bought this immediately.		If Maxis really wants to compete with the custom content on fan sites they're going to have to increase the amount of stuff included in a pack or lower the price. There are many fan sites that have beautiful high quality custom content for free. Maxis is going to have to set the bar a little higher to grab my attention at the price they're asking.
1,RE6 sucks!  My friend and I only played jake/ sherry's campaign and found it a total waste of time.  Capcom better return to the spooky forests, creepy castles, and errie lakes in the next RE game.  There is nothing scary about china or places resembling eastern europe.  At one point you have to disable AA guns and out run a stupid tank.  At least its not like DMC 2 where you had to fight off a possessed military gear.  **Luckly at the time of purchase, I also got borderlands 2.  Once my friend and I started playing that we never went back to RE 6.
1,There are too many problems with getting the game to open. I Have played only two times. I wish I could be refunded my money. I cant wonder why you have to keep installing a browser plugin that does not work. The product is faulty and needs to be corrected. I'm really good with computers also. People money should be refunded back, going though a online plug in to play a game is just plain stupid. especially because it doesn't work
1,For whatever reason, people have gone gaga over this pack, yet I found it to be extremely disappointing, at least in comparison to my fave Stuff packs (Glamour Life, H&M, Teen Style).		The idea this time around is to provide users with (supposedly) four new sets - romantic kitchen & bath, and modern kitchen & bath. My disappointment comes from the extreme amount of overlap between these four seemingly different themes. Aside from that, the new objects aren't even all that different than existing objects! The 'modern' shower is a simple black shower identical to the high-end shower that comes with the base game. The new 'modern' kitchen set looks suspiciously like a recoloured version of the kitchen set that came with Free Time.		Even then, items for the Romantic and Modern sets overlap between one another - the same counter is applicable to nearly every set, ditto to the (non-matching!) floors and walls. Additionally, it would have been nice to include a new dining table set for the new kitchen, even if it was just a tiny dine-in set.		There are some other new additions I guess to try and make up for the lack of object additions - a couple of new hairstyles, some new clothes (mostly in the cozy family i.e. sweaters, bath robes, or working ensembles) etc. but nothing special or notable.		Overall I was quite disappointed with this pack, and very surprised at the relatively warm reception its received. I'm glad that Maxis/EA tried to make a pack for a much overlooked area of the game, but they really could have done more with it. I do like the new colour schemes for the modern kitchen - but I can't say I love anything else that came with this game.
1,Ended up getting Diablo, just didn't like how this played, wasn't fun.
1,This keyboard was great for the year that it worked. The Spacebar is now broken and does not detect inputs. Extremely disappointed in Logitech as I have used them for years. Won't be going back to Logitech after this issue.		Pros:	- Mechanical keys have a great and quick response, without a loud click	- Great customization for the lighting	- Shortcut keys (to include volume control) are in great and easy positions	- Not too big and not too small		Cons:	- Spacebar only lasted a year with normal use	- The Ark Dock feature is extremely pointless. It doesn't connect to the keyboard or anything. It's literally just a place to put your phone	- No USB ports	- Some of the letters on the keys were off and not aligned correctly		Overall, this would have been a good keyboard if it had lasted longer and the quality wasn't so poor. Now I'm out of a $140 keyboard. Thanks Logitech!
1,I got this for Xmas and I can't get into.  It's extremely hard to hit and extremely easy to field.  All the bells and whistles for extras are nice but I found the game play difficult on the offensive end and too easy defensively.  Perhaps I should spend more time w/it but I think I'll wait for a newer improved baseball game...
1,I ordered four of these through Amazon's Marketplace, and every one of them was a Gamecube controller not the Wii controller pictured.  -----  Furthermore they were not even the correct color.  1 was purple, 2 were black, 1 was silver (rather than the white advertised).  None of them matched my console's white color.  PLUS the cord was half the length of the official wii controller.		I complained to amazon but rather than deal with the problem, they blocked my ability to file any future complaints or returns.  In other words they PROTECTED THE DISHONESTY of the sellers in their marketplace.  SO BE WARY.  Just thought everyone should know what they will get before they buy.  Of course amazon will probably censor this review.  (If they don't I'll be amazed.)		As for the actual Wii controller: I have no idea if it's good or not, since Amazon's markerplace never sent me one!  Four purchased and zero delivered.
1,The 360 sucks so much I am going to type nine letter B's		BBBBBBBBB
1,I wish I could give this blasted piece of trash a negative( -10's) because it deserves it. We bought this from Costco in February the same night we bought our Xbox One and it hasn't worked right since the hunk of junk was taken out of the box. It won't charge the controllers at all no matter how long you stand in front of it and reposition the stupid things or yourself for being stupid enough to stand there long enough in one place cursing it believing  your gonna get that crap to work. By this time all you got is leg cramps a back ache and two very dead controllers. And if you think this is a one time thing you better wake up. This is the norm with this unit. Very rarely does it charge the way it should and NEVER both controllers at once like it should. So i guess if you like loosing money or buying junk that's going to collect dust then this is right up your alley. Do yourself a favor and listen to the people giving it bad reviews they are allll telling the truth.
1,You shouldn't have to be patient and wait for a game to get better. The playstation2 to this point is the most awful RPG system I have ever played. I miss the playstation already. This game is acceptable has a "cute" story but not an epic by any means, good rpg for newbies and kids.
1,I got to a mission where you come in to a desolate town and a woman says "DO NOT GO DOWN THIS ROAD ANYMORE, HERO" or something like that.  Then I have to start clicking and clicking and clicking to move my unit.  It's infuriating.  I have uninstalled the game.		I can't think of a worse  way to spend my time.  The gameplay involves clicking something, clicking somewhere else, then clicking something again. Everything is a click to move; it's like the designers never heard of a keyboard.  Imagine plants vs. zonbies, only with as much fun as possible removed.  That's what starcrap 2 is like.
1,ONE GIANT REPETITIVE LOOP
1,My intention with this review is to provide a rather different oppinion from most reviews here which qualify this game with an average 4.5 stars.  I purchased this game for my son for two reasons:  The price drop and the excellente reviews.  I had no previous knowledge of Rayman, so I came unbiased to play it. I own 3 titles from Spyro the Dragon (games that have always satisfied my son) Jak and Daxter (PS2) and Crash Bandicoot "Wrath of Cortex" (Xbox), and my son plays all of them very regularly.  I personally like these games very much so I expected Rayman 2 to be a great platformer game.  Well, the thing is that my son played Rayman 2 for about an hour and a half and never picked it up again, I myself had to play it in order to understand what was wrong, but then I understood him.	First: the graphics, I have read in every review, even the newer ones, that the graphics are excellent and so on.  Well, to my opinion the graphics can not even match Spyro 3 on the PSOne, they are graphics that are ok for an early launch on the PS2 but can not be compared to the possibilities that we are getting today, and I refer in this case to Jak and Daxter, where the developers (Naughty Dog) have done a beautiful job on this subject.  Second: the voice acting, what can I say, I personally found the constant whispering (instead of real voices) very annoying, I even thought there was some kind of malfunction in the CD because of this, until I realized that those whispers WERE the voices.  Third: the story, even though it is a typical platform story, there is no fun in it, I personally found it very boring, and I couldn't play it for more than half hour before I could fall asleep.	I truly wish that I could find something good about this game, but the truth is that I had to sell it one day after I got it, neither my son nor I liked this game.  If you truly want to play a good platformer then go for Jak and Daxter, there is no comparison (great graphics, hilarious voice acting -even in spanish-, good story and lots of fun), or wait for the PS2 version of Spyro the dragon, or even play the PSOne versions of Spyro, I can assure you that you will have more fun with those than you will with Rayman 2.  I was deceived by the price drop and the good reviews, and made a terrible mistake: wasted [money], so don't fall for the same, this game can only and hardly diserve the one star I gave it.
1,I cannot comprehend how a company that has consistently improved a game that comes out every year, takes a sudden turn into destroying what they have accomplished.  This game is more broken than Foley after Hell in a Cell '98.		I'm a huge fan of these games. there have been a few missteps during recent years, but 2K13 and 2K14 pretty much nailed it - these games had everything that make this genre great - Lots of match types, cool 'storyline' modes and best of all, a super detailed create a character mode that let you make a reasonable version of damn near anybody, and trade them online.  So when I finally upgraded to current gen, I thought this purchase would be a slam dunk. I have never been so wrong about a game...		I guess it's my own fault for not beleiving the bad reviews. I love the old AKI/N64 control schemes and playstyle, and for the most part people who play these games these days seem to champion the dumbed down PS1 'smackdown' type games, so I felt like I couldn't rely on reviews.		But seriously, This game is completely worthless. 2K absolutely GUTTED everything that was great about the last 4 versions of this game!  First, they shouldn't even legally be able to list a character creator in the product description of this game... It is the most limited I have ever seen.  No real create a move set, and about 10% of the options that were in the last game.		The gameplay is just awful.. EVERY grapple is settled by a ridiculous rock/paper/scissors quick time event that kills the flow of a match.  Reversal timing (which has been one of the admittedly weak aspects of the previous versions) is near impossible in this game.  And a completely useless 'momentum' meter which guarantees that no matter how much you beat down an opponent, they will come back at the last minute.		If somehow these glaring, horrible problems aren't enough to make you hate this game, the ridiculously long loading times between every single menu transition / view of a creation option will probably be the last straw.		I just cannot understand how a product takes such a bizzare change of direction / nosedive in quality after so many years of refinement and improvement.. The only good thing about this entire experience is that I got this on a pretty good sale and was able to trade it in for almost what I paid for it.
1,We are done. Completely done with these adapters. We have gone through 3 of these!!! I'm highly disappointed with these defaulting and becoming unworkable. Not buying anything for head set wise with Microsoft - done!
1,this game should burn in hell. It was a waist of money i wanted to get the whole series but this is the worst. It has the worst storyline ever. I want my money back jak & daxter!!!!
1,this product broke the connector to my remote.
1,If I had read reviews prior to purchasing, I wouldn't have bought Forza 5. You can drop $60 for the game, and then they expect you to buy the DLC for another $60-80. Sorry but I'm not paying extra money to unlock cars that should have been included in the game to begin with. The pricing is 100% a scam.
1,Total crap.........
1,They work fine until you actually use them. They rub off the analog stick if pushed too hard. Not fitted for the hardcore gamer but fine for the casual and small children.
1,not a great game but was cheap and not a total loss...better ones out there!...this franchise has much better as well!
1,I bought this item because I usually like to buy the best quality that I can afford.  But nobody likes to pay extra for nothing.  And thats what happened when I bought this tool kit.		Many of the bits included are not useful on ANY videogame hardware.  This is true for at LEAST 9 of the 30 items.  You could say 15 items are unnecessary if you are REALLY critical.  Thats half of the $30 kit that you don't actually need, which makes you feel that the value is very poor.		Some examples: The large nutsetters in particular seem to have no purpose here.  Then there are 3 sizes of triangle bits seem to just be included because this factory knows how to make triangle bits.  Why not throw in a bottle opener while you are at it.		The bits that are needed on video game systems are equally perplexing.  There are three sizes of Triwing bits included.  It says all three sizes are used on _every_ _single_ Nintendo product, and I know thats not true.		Shockingly, some bits were too short.  When I tried to take apart my xbox wireless controller, the bit was simply too short!  All the bits are very surprisingly short, so I'm guessing this could be a problem with other consoles as well.  Since buying this kit I've seen other console kits by other manufacturers where the bits have long "necks".  Now I know why.		While this toolkit provides many extra bits included for no apparently reason, it also leaves out the specialty tools that many other toolsets provide for the xbox 360.  Just look for "unlock kits" and you'll see what I mean.  There is usually a tool that helps you unclip the back of the 360.  Wish I had known that before buying this kit.		At first I thought the ratcheting feature would be really cool and useful, but its completely unnecessary.  Ratcheting drivers are good for screws and bolts that have a lot of friction and don't turn easily.  While I was using this kit I never used the ratcheting feature one time, it was always turned off.  The precision screws that are used on Nintendo products like the Wii and the DS, for example, are so SHORT that in a few turns they come out anyway.  I'm sure a good $5 of the price is for this ratcheting feature that I didn't even use.		The flimsy tray that the bits go into is wildly under-engineered in comparison to the over-engineered handle.  Its paper thin, and will break quickly.		In the end, I think its a lot of over-engineering which leads to an unnecessarily high price.  The manufacturer of this tool kit obviously can make a lot of bits, but given the haphazard selection offerred here, I don't think they've ever tried to actually use this to fix anything.		So anyway, they fooled me into thinking that simply because they have a tool kit, they know what they are doing.  And the answer to that is ... not really.  I'll be returning this to buy a tool kit that does the job better.  I can't just keep it for that price.
1,After 7 months the lights all over started dying on me, even lights on keys i never press like the f12 key or the pageup key,	it starts with the color blue dying then the red.....meanwhile my other keyboard all the lights on that madkat old thing work but this more expensive keyboard lost its luster after 7 months...
1,This is by far the worst game I have ever played. The camera angles suck, I turned down the volume so I wouldn't have to hear my character grunt constantly. The fighting is senseless, there is no control what so ever. You just wiggle the stick and the character does what it wants. You can easily defeat enemies without looking. just stand still and wiggle the right stick. The camera is zoomed out so far that when you do have to navigate an obstacle that it is sheer luck if you are successful. I wish I could think of a horrible game to compare this to, but I just can't. If I had the choice of being made to actually suffer to the end of this game or have my pinky toe chopped off, I would chop off two toes just so I felt like I wasn't getting off to easy.  But if you don't believe me check out the reviews on any respected gaming site.
1,complete trash
1,I bought this product with the intent to use it for my online Battlefield 2 game.	The product was shipped fast, and it is as described. I am very happy for the choice I made.		this is an update:  my mouse doesn't work properly anymore. It randomly disconnects/freezes and won't work until I reboot my computer (or I put it on sleep mode and restart my computer again). I think this is a clear indication of a Software/driver issue, not Hardware.  I am using Win 7, 64bit.		Apart from this issue I love my mouse. Its a great product and worked flawlessly until this issue. The issue became so frequent now (sometimes after 5-10 minutes of use) that I cannot use my mouse anymore. I just contacted Logitech customer support. Hopefully that will solve the issue.  I'll keep you guys informed.		I felt the need to update my rating to 1 star. Besides having the issue with the mouse device, now I have to deal with slow Logitech Customer Support. It's been a week since I first contacted them. Last time I replied to their email response was two and a half days ago and I am still waiting to hear back from them.
1,While trying to program the controller to work with my computer, I found out the d-pad doesn't work.  While I can still use it with the analog stick, I did want to use the d-pad for some things.
1,could not get to play
1,Without fixes, this NHL game is the first where I say "its unplayable" and I actually don't play it.  Instead of a long winded review, I'll simply enumerate some issues:		1. I mostly play EASHL and all I see and hear is "nice poke check."  Poke check, poke check, poke check.  Way over powered and very irritating.		2.  I guess legal interference is back, b/c I've been knocked down a bunch of times w/out the puck, far away from the net w/out a call.		3.  Hitting.  Broken. (You get knocked down by the CPU, who is standing still, and then you bounce up and down on the ice?)  Passing.  Broken. (Passing to a guy wide open shouldn't require prayer).  Computer AI.  Still laughably broken (There isn't a time when I call for the puck where I don't expect the computer to do something idiotic).		4.  "Nice poke check."		5.  The skating backward from end to end garbage has now been legitimized?  They took out the vision control button, which was actually useful, and replaced it with the "skate backward whenever you want" button?  Who goes on a breakaway and then decides, "you know what might work here?  Skating backward."		6.  So now we have to wait longer to start a lobby game?  They took the enjoyment of waiting in line at the DMV and combined it with having to listen to idiots, all as a reward to play a terrible game.		7.  Goals don't feel like accomplishments. Make an amazing deke, slip a pass by a defender (somehow), get a pass right back and the goaltender is sipping coffee waiting for the top shelf shot.  BUT, take a shot from some stupid angle and it goes in.		At least in NHL 12, when I was annoyed, I could run into the boards and injure myself.  As a coup de grce, you can no longer do that.  So, I just injure my self in real life by slapping my forehead for playing this game.		I don't even think the girls in the crowd are hot anymore.  How do you screw that up?		I hate this game@$@#$@#
1,Works great charging our wireless PS3 controllers. They charge fast on this charger and it looks pretty cool while it's plugged in. The bottom lights up red when it's charging and lights up blue when it's done. It is bright enough that when I come downstairs in the middle of the night I don't need to turn on a light, but not so bright it's intrusive.	UPDATE: Been using this since Christmas, its now 4 1/2 months later, and it has now stopped working on 1 side. I cant recommend this since it seems to be an issue with others
1,Worthless piece of trash. Blizzard should be sued for releasing this refuse on society.  Please save your money like I did.
1,Sonic Adventure DX is supposed to be a nearly identical copy of the Sega Dreamcast title, Sonic Adventure, but something drastic has been lost in its translation to the GameCube.  This game is severely lacking the feel of its Dreamcast version and, on top of that, it seems to be full of glitches.	The first flaw most players will notice are the very akward camera angles.  In this version of the game, players have very little control over the game's camera and, as a result, will often have their characters suffer death from an unseen enemy or pit.	The second flaw players will likely notice are the glitches in the game's platforms.  While progressing through certain levels, players can suddenly find their characters falling through floors and walls that *should* be solid and impermeable.  (The passability glitches in the floors and walls always occur in the same places, so players *can* avoid them once learning where they are.)	If you are willing to deal with the frustration of frequent, random character death, then you might find this game to be a lot of fun.  Otherwise, you should probably avoid it and find a good platform title elsewhere.
1,The game was released way too early and with way too many bugs! I played the so called BETA on the 360 and it was so riddled with bugs it was ridiculous AND the same bugs that were reported in the beta were still in the release! So ridiculous! Do not buy if you want to play a complete game or play with friends even because when the game does work 5 to 10% of the time you can't even squad up before the matches!		I wrote this review for the PS4 version also because I have both the Xbox One and the PS4 and the experience is the same on both it is completely buggy and crashes to the dashboard on both systems, very unacceptable for a game I paid for 2 times!
1,I was lucky enough to try the Batman VR game first; it was a great experience! Though incredibly short... As for the other 4 or so games I played, I was incredibly underwhelmed.		There are two major, unforgivable faults with the Playstation VR. The first is definitely the resolution, as this is something that is hardware bound, so it can't be fixed with and update. The second is the incredibly bad and inaccurate motion controls.		The resolution is roughly half of the standard resolution you get with the headset off; half, as they simply split the output in half, for each eye. It's tough to want to see the dropped resolution, with a perfectly good big screen HD TV behind it.		The motion controls remind me of a game from long in the past, Jurassic Park Trespassers. I have to make the most uncomfortable unnatural posses to get the results I want from the games. Batman was the only exception. The head tracking is a bit dodgy too.		A few titles I own: Valkyrie, Robinson, Batman, Eagle, Loading Human... Most were just bad experiences. Some were interesting, only one was worth while; though over priced for what amounts to a tech demo. I expect better products to follow, but if they support controllers, I'll definitely use the controllers (however void of immersion that feels). And worst, only if those games are VR exclusive.		For now, it will gather dust.		This technology feels rushed. The bad resolution. The poor games quality... Relying on existing motion controls. All in all, this is discount VR.
1,The Cable for the charger was almost broken and the battery did not charge well, it was not what i was expecting.
1,Adjective:	Not necessary: dispensable, inessential, needless, nonessential, uncalled-for, unessential, unneeded, unrequired		Add:		Superfluous	Redundant		And:		Fugeddaboudit		I thought that this would have been a fun accessory set for the Wii Sports package, but on reflection, I should have used the money towards an additional controller or nunchuck instead.		1. The pieces don't fit together well, and it requires some patience to get the threads to line up properly.	2. The base that holds the controller feels flimsy, and if you use too much force to unscrew the attachment, it'll probably break.	3. The base is uncomfortable for small hands, especially for the baseball grip.	4. You lose the vibration effect	5. In baseball, you have to take the controller out of the handle to pitch, or else look rather silly pitching with a bat in your hand.  It doesn't take long, but it's something you don't need to do if you're not using the accessory.	6. You'll need to take the controller out of the padded sleeve before using these accessories. (And then put it back on when you're through)		The bottom line is that these accessories add nothing to the Wii Sports experience, and you're much better off keeping things simple and using the regular remote controller on its own.		Amanda Richards, March 7, 2009
1,By far the greatest disappointment in gaming since Duke Nukem Forever came out.  This game was over 11 years in the making and when it finally was released it was filled with bugs, exploits, server issues, and no single player offline mode.  You are required to connect to the servers in order to even play a game by yourself, the reasoning behind this is that it prevents people from making illegal copies and/or duping or hacking the game.  Fine, but what it also does is limit your ability to play a product you paid for, you cannot play if you have no internet connection, if the servers are down or out, or your connection is not "stable"  (NZ and Australian players know this fact!).  Why not add a single player mode only that cannot then be transferred online for play for those who wish to enjoy the game when the internet is not an option or the servers are out?	Aside from the glaring requirement of being connected in order to play there are the issues with the game play itself.  Things like "rubberbanding" and latency cause your character to just suddenly die, issues further compounded by insane graphical requirements even at the lowest of settings.  Systems that run over 1 GB of video memory still experience framerate stutter and tearing on a game with graphics less intense than something made 5 years ago.  This is owed to the MPQ files that are used as a resource to render the world, these objects are stored on the Hard Drive and must be accessed constantly to generate the terrain.  This means that they are subject to read time delays, even fast 10,000 RPM disks are going to struggle to keep up.  The best solution has been to store these files on a SSD separately, which is a ridiculous fix that should not need to be implemented simply to make the game run smoothly.	The game itself is a progression, like Diablo 2 or Dungeon Siege 2, beating certain difficulties unlocks more challenging ones.  However the story is exactly the same, the enemies simply get harder to kill.  This means there is no real end game.  For those that have "seen it all" and "done it all", such as beating the hardest difficulty or mastering the "Hardcore Mode" (another failed attempt to challenge players, what good is a 1 death system when things like lag or framerate issues can kill you as surely as any enemy) this means the game has no replay value whatsoever.  There is nothing to do but wait for more content to be released.  A ladder system or PvP such as was introduced in D2 would alleviate this, but Blizzard prefers to invest time in their cash cow, the Real Money Auction House (RMAH).	Which brings me to my final point, the game is custom designed to make good items hard to find so that players will be forced to resort to buying the items they need to proceed.  It is in Blizzard's best interests to make good items hard to get, because if everyone can get them on their own no one will sell them in the RMAH and Blizzard will not receive its commissions.  The economy of the game is of course broken because the people with all the good items are the botters, hackers, exploiters, and cheaters who took advantage of loopholes and continue to take advantage of the game in order to profit.  These people, for the most part, work out places like Korea and China, dedicating untold hours to grinding the game in order to gather their loot which they then sell at premium prices to those too ignorant or desperate to know better than to buy them.	This game was fundamentally flawed in the way it was developed, released, and is now currently being managed.  Blizzard needs to stop the RMAH and increase the drop rates of quality items across the board.  This is a game people play for fun in order to challenge themselves to get better at it, not a money making endeavor that is meant to line the pockets of the company that made it.  For these reasons I have stopped playing the game, since I received my copy for free when I purchased a yearly subscription to World of Warcraft I am one of the few fortunate souls who was not robbed for 60 dollars for a failure of a product.	Re-visit in 2015:  The game has not become much more fun in these intervening years.  Playing infrequently I have had really no expectations that the game would get much better, even with the release of the Expansion Reaper of Souls.  I will admit that the loss of the RMAH and inclusion of new "Seasonal" play has helped dramatically.  However the game itself has not gotten any "funner".  Patches have added new tweaks and items, but overall the game has remained an incessant grind fest.  I own the Console version and find it superior in every way, it is still not an exciting game to play for hours on end on a console...but you feel more rewarded by the drop rates and game mechanics like rolling and kill streak rewards.  Add into that an up to 4 player on screen co-op that can be 3 other people in the same room as you (provided you have the controllers and people willing to play) and the console version just shines.  I like nothing more than playing co-op on the Xbox One version with my neice and nephew who both like the game, but don't find it particularly enjoyable.
1,I received these cables and they do not work. It says brand new but u can tell they've been used and you can hear something juggling inside the end piece. I have sound but no picture!
1,This is supposed to be next gen, But the only thing I like about it is the gamepad. That's wonderful to have another screen to act as a map and such. But it is a brick. If you can't get wifi, then you can't get the update, so you lose the backwards compatibility. You can still play WiiU games, but that's it. I did not have any trouble setting up PS3 or Xbox 360. But this thing, forget it. I've lost faith in Nintendo. I grew up with them and I hate to see it wind up like this, but there you have it.
1,I replaced this keyboard with the newer G15 (orange) and found it was much better all around. This G15 was so large that the mouse pad was scrunched in the corner, also had technical problems with it after some use- certain keys stopped working randomly. Not sure if it was a driver issue or something else (using Vista) but couldn't fix it. If looking for a great gaming keyboard, go with the newer G15 instead.
1,Wasn't happy with this purchase because it didn't fit my  game.this is all I need to say .Thank You .not a good experience. All was taken care of. I feel that it should have stated it wouldn't fit Nintendo DS Lite
1,Sold it
1,The only thing that is good about this one is Howie's voice.  The rest of the game is slow, visually not even close the graphics of any other game.  It is so slow that you think it is stuck moving from one screen to the other.  As far as the mini games, only the safe guess is even close to kinda fun.  I was so discouraged.
1,Would be an easy 5 stars if the game worked. The lag was so bad I was missing elements so I switched consoles and it crashed the second one. Very disappointed to own a game I literally cant play.  WTFudge.
1,i like it
1,*EDITED POST*  The day I got this mouse, the pointer started skating/shaking across the screen on its own at times.  Maybe it was because I was using an arm chair as my mouse pad.  I returned it though and got the Deathadder 2013 edition.
1,I thought tekken would have the 10 hit combo commands but they have been completely revamped to street fighter commands making this just a spin off of street fighter 4. It lost it's thrill after about 3 matches.
1,Not a fan of runescape. It was a free gift download from something or another. If you like Runescape by all means, this is for you. But for me, not a fan.
1,On the game:	Battlefield 4 is a huuuuuge disappointment. I have a high end computer that runs everything thrown at it....but Battlefield 4? Talked to Nidia Support and they are swamped with record numbers of calls relating to problems with Battlefield 4. Battlefield 4 crashes and locks up my computer. Can't play more that  a few minutes before crashes.	EA support sounded if they were a room full of teenagers....in way over their heads. They had me do all kinds of things that didn't work....they are lost. I was going to upgrade my video card and possible run in SLI until a Nviida tech said it probably would not help. He said my card was fine but there were other problems possible relating to Battlefield 4 conflicting with my OS, Windows 7-64. This game is not ready for prime time as evidenced by the huge numbers of purchasers complaints.		On Amazon not refunding:	  With this purchase, it seems Amazon is not  taking returns. If Amazon is going to retail this game then they should accept returns......Origin can disable all server access to the purchaser so the purchaser can not longer play. That seems fair to me.	 I have spent $60 for a product that I cannot use. I feel I deserve a refund for	battlefield 4. Anything else is unacceptable. I buy almost exclusively for Amazon. I buy predominately computer parts, accessories and electronics. Many "gamers" are computer enthusiast and buy form Amazon because they historically have the best shopping experience around. Not giving refunds on the game could cost them in the long run.
1,Boring. I hate stealth games in which you are forced to hide because otherwise they spot you and kill you. Long live Doom!
1,Lazy route multiplayer only , almost no cars  its basically a slightly better DRIVE CLUB with VR	Gran Turismo no longer has a soul no longer can you find your car and race it on a track day event	but hey at least you can paint your car right and put decals on
1,Will openly say i don't own that many sneak and attack type games. That said, i couldn't make it 10 min into this before walking away. Just not that easy to follow if you haven't watched the movies (i haven't). The game play style can be quite frustrating.		Sold it back to Amazon used...at least i made a few bucks off of it.
1,I will never understand why people fork over money to EA, if it isn't a DRM, it'c something else, Origin for example. There has been blog after blog regarding EA and it's treatment of it's customers, do yourself a favor and stay away.
1,Enjoy pocketing the extra cash while you can guys because it's getting reprinted for 20 bucks.
1,They have to be downloaded through Origin and Origin apparently does not honor their great game guarantees!  I have been on and keep getting kicked off their live chat help.  I can't seem to get a solution from them even though my computer far exceeds the minimum requirements and I can't seem to get a refund!!!  I am going to go through Amazon's customer service next.
1,installed exactly and even bought a higher quality heat goo but it still didn't FIX the problem!
1,no comment...
1,This thing is a mess. My PS3 barely identifies it most of the time,and its a struggle to make it work. Every time I plug it into the PS3,and go to accessory settings to choose my input device,it is not even listed as an option. 10% of the time,it may appear,and I can chose it. And when that does,it works great.		However,for $25 that is a really,really bad deal. You would be wiser to spend your money on the Sony one,and avoid this shoddy work of material. Maybe I got a dud,I don't know,I just thought I'd warn you.		My opinion: Avoid. Avoid. AVOID.
1,What can I say that has not already been said about this abortion of a release?		I sincerely hope that this company goes bankrupt, as I honestly hate spending my money on a game that, as another reviewer stated, was supposed to be Oblivions match. Simply stated, that is a load of crap. My computer is well above the specs for recommended hardware for this game and I cannot play it for 10 minutes without going into an epileptic seizure.		There are just too many buggs to list. Strange lights flashing, objects dissapearing and reappearing, falling through the world, camera angles sticking are just a fraction of the problems I encountered during the first 5 minutes of playing.		Load times? This is a joke. I have way more graphics intensive programs and this thing takes at least 5 minutes to load. Try to save once. If you are lucky enough not to crash you should go find something else to do for about 10 minutes, perhaps go brush your teeth.		Worst of all, go to the game developers website and look at the suggested tweaks. I don't know about you but when I play a game I want to relax and enjoy it. I certainly don't want to have to input countless lines of code and change advanced settings for hours just to get the thing to run. Even after giving it an honest effort most of the tweaks did nothing to enhance to gameplay anyways.		My advice to anyone interested in buying this awful game is DON'T. Buy Oblivion if you already haven't. This is absolutely the worst game I have ever purchased, and I have had my share of bad ones. This on takes the cake.
1,I personally just don't like this game. Its boring.
1,Barely playable, I know they claim they fixing the matchmaking/lag/gameshut down issues, but dang you would think this is the first game they have released yes it is that bad.  Please don't waste your money on this game until after it is fixed if it ever does get fixed.	No nuketown on ps3	No Campaign on Ps3	Just a warning.
1,Bought one locally and found it had a glitch, after the opening of the game the first choice that you have to make would lock up and the game would freeze. Checked it on two different versions of the Wii. Brought it back to the store got a refund, bought a copy from here and the same glitch. Returned it with a super hassle free process. Wish I could rate that. As for the game, dunno never got to play it.
1,Doesn't really do much. Also, the unit makes a really annoying sound whenever it starts or stops the fan. I had no real change in my heat level when using this. This is really not neccessary.
1,It just crashes after the intro, so does not run at all.  You apparently need pretty new hardware for this.  I'm running Windows 7 with a Core i7 processor, but my graphics card is more than a year old.  Too old for this game apparently. Tried updating all the drivers, but still broken.  Wasted my money.
1,I just expected so much more. This game falls super flat. It's very unbalanced and is riddled with stupid microtransactions. It's a 100% pass unless it's $10.
1,This is Microsoft just trying to get more money for an ageing game.  I love this game, this is a fun game with a great story, and you have to read the books to understand the full story.  It's the only game that does the whole thing well.  People say the first game was nothing but a repeat of levels.  True; however, it made the game have a more real feel to it.  Why would you build diffrent rooms everywhere on your space ship?  Or on a ring world for that matter?  It was to the point, Hey this is a working ship, and this is a working Ring thing.  What made the game was the Enemy you fought, and the Story behind it. Halo Two was fun, but the end killed the greatness it could have been.  Halo three better pick up where Halo 2 left off. As much as I love this game this three pack will not become apart of my Halo Collection.  I already own both games for X-Box, and 3 copies of the First Halo on computer.  I got the four books, and the Comic, and both CD's.  I also can not wait for Halo 3, and the Halo Moive!  Ok, one thing about this Three pack.  79 dollars!!!!!  Come on, if I bought all three in their orginal case, it would only come up too 56:97 + Tax.  So why, on earth would you buy this?  By the orginal games, it will be all three disk, but with the WHOLE BOX ARTWORK!  Heck even if I bought all three and a computer copy of the game it would be 3 dollars cheaper.  This would not be a good buy, unless they lowered the price.
1,This game is okay, but let's be real: It should be perfect. The developers make the same game every single year, but playing this game has me convinced that they don't play the games themselves. The game freezes at the menus constantly. In fact it seems like the game can barely even process the super busy menus, which take forever to load. I'm afraid the game is going to freeze every thirty seconds. Beyond that, the glitches and flaws in this game are really endless. It's addictive because it's Madden, and I'm going to play it anyway. That's what they're banking on.
1,I hardly know how best to start this.		On the one hand, the game is great fun. Most well made ARPGs are. However, most of this game is plagued with problems.		For one, the Always Online DRM. First off, this piece of software made it nearly impossible to get online within the first few days, as many know already. The infamous Error 37. However, if you read the EULA, there is a clause in there that says this game can be played both online and off.		"11. Duration of the "On-line" Component. - The Game is capable of both offline and online player modes, both of which require that you obtain authorized access to the Service." Knowing that, why is there no Offline Option? Oh, because we'd be playing it wrong, according Jay Wilson, the Game Director. Yeah, thanks pal. Telling the buyers how they should be playing the game they purchased and which is no longer yours. That makes sense.		Next, we have the latency problems. Because the loot and other aspects of the game are rendered and calculated through the servers and not in-game, sometimes you'll get items dropped a second late. Or your character could try and run from a mob of enemies, only to have the server hiccup; by the time the server starts working, your health is mostly gone. And then, my favorite: Having the game kick you out because your connection died/the server malfunctioned/the power went out/ect. ect.		This is a Single Player capable game, and a fast, twitch based one at that. Why all these latency problems, much less calculations that are handled on some remote server instead of in-game? I could hardly care about what modders do to their games. Just let me play mine how I wish, and offline if I wish. After all, I paid 108.65 for this thing.		-------------------------------------		Now, on the subject of streamlining, I look at this the same way I did for Skyrim: I detest streamlining when it is done in such a way that depth is removed. In Diablo III, you cannot pick and choose your skills. They all unlock for you. If you look at Titan's Quest, Torchlight, or any other ARPG, you'll see that you can make a conscience choice to overlevel certain skills with points, or save them for later.		In Diablo III, because every skill becomes unlocked, this no longer applies. Even with runes, which grant only one change to the skill, you can't overlevel any skills. What if I want to level Hungering Arrow up instead of one of my Discipline skills? You longer have those kinds of choices. While this does make the game easier to play, you lose a lot of depth in building your character the way you want. You're essentially waiting for the game to give you permission, and once it does, it's feels like you're held back.		As for the loot... This doesn't really need explaining. Weapons you find are incrimental increases between each other more than in the past. This leaves you with piles of junk which are barely any different from each other, and worth far less gold overall. Thus, the act of going back to town and selling just got more tedious, and early on, frustrating without the Town Portal ability. Since the loot is generated from an off-site server, I blame that for this.		---------------------------------------		If you've waited years for this game, I'm sorry. This is not what you should be getting. I felt let down playing this game in the beta, and despite having the CE copy, I feel a bit ripped off. For the record, my CE copy is sealed; I asked a friend to help me with his copy of this game as a test of the system and my router.		My advice: Play Torchlight, Grim Dawn, or Titan's Quest. All of them are excellent ARPGs, and none of them are plagued with DRM that tells you you can't play because of forces outside your control.
1,I am disappointed with Crackdown 2. After 3 years of waiting I expected a much deeper game. This is essentially the first Crackdown. The only new thing is the helicopter and the gliding ability. A few new weapons but nothing to cream at. The vehicles don't upgrade and change as u increase your driving skills like the old one did. The zombies are EXTREMELY easy to kill. Even the biggest, baddest zombies go down with a couple of punches. After 1 hour of gameplay you have pretty much played the whole game, youll be dong the samething over and over and over.
1,These batteries never stay charged long. It only takes them about 20 min of play time to start to be in the red. I have charged them via a wall charger and the computer same result. Fully changed play time is 30 min.
1,Straight to the point, I don't recommend this game. Guild 2 offers a lot of flexibility and replayability. However, they tried to put too much into it and succeeded in making it completely unrealistic and frustrating. Guild 2 attempts to meld an economic simulation with a dynasty role playing game. Essentially, you pick a trade, open a business, and try to make money. The classes include Craftsman (smith, tailor, carpenter, miner, or woodcutter), Scholar (priest or alchemist), Patron (Farmer/Livestock, Baker, or Innkeeper), or Rogue (Thief or Bandit). Along the way Guild 2 offers lots of distractions like going to a tavern, going to church, running for a town office, courting a mate, and having kids. It's a neat idea, but the gameplay was poorly designed.		What went wrong? I think the most unsatisfying thing about Guild 2 is it is dynasty simulation where you direct the lives of a family from generation to generation, but you can only control three family members at one time. The family members that you don't control basically don't advance until you take control of them. To top things off, once you control a family member as one of the three, if you remove them from your control to add someone else you can never control them again. Yes, your kids can go to school and go to an apprenticeship (further advancement allowed for scholars), but once they do this they make no further advancement until you take control of them. You can't even hire them into one of your businesses to gain experience. You even needed to have multiple businesses left at lower levels of advancement to allow a new dynasty member to gain experience so he could control the more advanced buildings. If you haven't played the game, this might not make a lot of sense, but basically this was very annoying due to this limitation.		As you play the game you will also notice a lot of unrealistic issues. The most apparent is that each day (turn) in the game represents 4 years of game time. There is daytime and nighttime in this turn (4 year period), yet each turn also is a change in season. I understand they want to have the daily life merged with career and family, but the result is just plain stupid. Again they tried to do too much and degraded the value of the experience.  I also noticed the abundance of women in politics which is abnormal for the medieval period. Maybe one member on council, but not all of them.		Another disappointment was the trading part of the economic simulation. The game forced you to move goods to the marketplace even in the same city as the business was in. You could also put things for sale in your storefront, but you would only be paid a preset "base" amount. There is auto features in the game for managing businesses, but they were very limited. While it does not have the depth of options for businesses as Guild 2 does,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Patrician-3/dp/B0000DBK2G/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Patrician 3</a>&nbsp;handled the economic system much more simply and enjoyable.		There is some combat in Guild 2, but it makes you wish there wasn't. You don't really control anything in combat except maybe causing it and once you're in there is no getting out. Basically, the game keeps going until one side is beaten. No withdrawing allowed. No surrendering. Henchmen die, hit the ground, and fade away. Named characters are knocked unconscious (you can finish them off if you so desire). Basically, it's more of a nuisance and an irritation rather than a feature.		A couple more gameplay issues that I didn't like, courting and favor with other characters. Courting is really not that fun. Basically, you just select several options to make them fall in love with you like compliment, kiss, embrace, dance, take a bath, etc. You can only select activities so frequently, so this requires telling the partner to follow you until the options are available again. Again it's more of a nuisance which distracts you from running your business and courting needs to be done quickly sense every day is 4 years. The attitude of other characters is controlled by favor. The system for improving favor is stupid and more of a nuisance. Read poems, give gifts, give compliments and other courting actions.		There are a lot of cool things about the game like the numerous upgrades available for individual businesses and the variety of types of businesses, but the good is definitely overwhelmed by the bad.		There are expansions to this game&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Guild-2-Pirates-Of-The-Seas/dp/B000QGIXDE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Guild 2 - Pirates Of The Seas</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Guild-2-Venice/dp/B001CSCX5E/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Guild 2: Venice</a>. They both offer more trades and maps as well as and naval trading and combat.		I have a pretty advanced computer with Vista running the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Guild-2-Gold-Edition/dp/B000VPPOEQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Guild 2 Gold Edition</a>&nbsp;with patch 2.1 and did not experience any crashes or lag even on highest graphics settings. The only irritating thing was speech would repeat in loops when I slowed the speed down. Drove me crazy. I also noted some other minor glitches, cart moving without carrier, level-up glow not dissipating, etc. Looking at the patch lists, there were majors bugs when it was originally released.
1,Crap...........
1,this piece of harware in my opinion its pointless, it just gets in the way while you are playing it	most of the time you will be missing hitting the thing un less you are all the time stepping on it	it just feel nicer when you lift your guitar to let the energy flow, i don't recommend it
1,Case IS very attractive. Cover scratches too easily. Games are held very tightly. You need something other than your fingernails to pry them out. Can't recommend this case for small or weak hands. Gave it 2 stars on attractiveness alone.
1,I had the unfortunate fate of receiving a defective unit and had to return it. Thankfully it was really easy to return items with amazon. Just to let people know that this may be broken...
1,This game stopped working shortly after I purchased it. My XBOX 360 could not read the disc. Upon closer examination of the game disc, it appeared that it was a copied disc. I will not buy from this seller again.
1,Probably the biggest annoyance of the PS4 is the lack of good remote control options for dvd/bluray watching. Sure, you can use the dualshock but good luck trying to remember the button functions and by all means, avoid bumping it causing unintentional skips and spoiler alerts. This PS4 remote somewhat solves those dualshock problems.		Negatives:	-No backlighting. Good luck trying to use this in a dark room.	-Remote is not "always on". Requires you to push the ps4 button before it can send commands. After a certain period of time, the remote turns off and you must push the ps4 button again. Very annoying		I use the Logitech Harmony Ultimate for all my devices but it does not work well with the PS4 because it can't turn it on and it can't do most standard movie functions (fast forward, reverse, skip, etc.). For some reason, the Harmony works perfectly with the PS3 but not the PS4. Hopefully, it will get updated to work with the PS4 someday.		Until then, I'll maybe use this PS4 remote alongside the Harmony. Except for the aforementioned negatives, it works ok for the specific purpose of watching blurays.
1,I literally have no idea where to start. I am still at such a loss for words for this game, that I am shocked it even exists.		I am putting this in 2 parts. The first stage of my disappointment, and the second.		First.		1: The pre-buy crowd that I was in got treated to a lovely heaping pile of incomplete garbage on release day.	2: The game itself is nothing like it's hit predecessors. Skill trees? No, you just get access to more skills over time... No skill points, no decisions. Just tick a box and go to town.	3: Zero. Support. Ever.	4: In the first week of release, I had more downtime and lost time due to serverside issues, than actual play time. Bad.		So all of these things made me sad, and I uninstalled and Shelved D-3 till now... The winter of my discontent.		Second.		So I installed it again. What do I get? Frequent and unreconcilable Hard Crashes. It literally locks my computer up, and my forces restart after about 10-13 minutes of play. Consistently and reliably.		For reference, I run an Asus G73sw, Win 7 64 bit. It runs every other title in my library flawlessly, including:	Farcry 3	GTA 4	Skyrim (heavily modded to boot)	XCOM: Enemy Unkown	Homefront	S.T.A.L.K.E.R. Series	Saint's Row 4	Sid Meier's Civilization 5		So. Not my computer. It is an interaction between D-3 and my comp. I am so disappointed in Blizzard, that I'm not even disappointed anymore... Except in myself.
1,I did not realize that you needed to download a large program called Steam to play this. I finally did do that, created an account etc, but still could not get it to download. I emailed Amazon to return it and credit me.
1,used like new purchase, it cames with lot of sign of usage
1,I bought this for my PS3 because of the high rating (4.5). I have read the other reviews and most mention that it is "uncomfortable". I actually find it too painful to wear. If I remove it from my ear canal then it is not very clear. In fact, the audio quality is poor whether it is in my ear canal or not. I also find that there is poor audio separation between the mic and the ear-piece. Every time someone else talks, I can see my mic being activated.		I have since ordered&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/PlayStation-3-Logitech-Vantage-USB-Headset/dp/B00008KXG5/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">PlayStation 3 Logitech Vantage USB Headset</a>. This is MUCH more comfortable and the sound quality is much better. I am returning the Bluetooth headset.
1,Too easy, not pretty, bad voice acting; is this really a Metal Gear game?
1,HATED 1000 YEAR DOOR	HATED STICKER STAR	HATE THIS ONE TOO	ALL THREE HAD GOOD CHAPTERS AND BOSSES AND CHARACTERS	BUT ALSO THE LAME ANNOYING ONES	HOW TO RUIN A GAME	LETS HAVE THE PLAYER	BACKTRACK 1000 TIMES BACK TO OLD CHAPTERS OR ROOMS JUST TO CONTINUE	PUZZLES AND ROOMS THAT GO ON FOREVER AND RUIN THE GAME	YOUR ITEM LIMIT IS CRAP	CANT KEEP ANYTHING	CANT RUN FROM FIGHTS	ANNOYING CHEAP AI	LAME AND CRAP SIDEQUESTS	STICKERS ARE LIMITED AND RARE STICKERS YOU MUST FIND AGAIN	STUPID ENDLESS PUZZLES IN THE WAY	OVERPOWERED ENEMIES	CHAPTERS THAT MOVE SLOW OR IS COMPLETE HELL AND NOT FUN TO PLAY	PUZZLES YOU COULD NEVER FIGURE OUT UNLESS YOU LOOKED AT A GUIDE	FINAL CHAPTER IN BOTH GAMES IS A BOSS OF ITS OWN	1000 DOOR TOOK FOREVER AND JUST STUPID. ABOUT 6 BOSSES	SUPER PAPER MARIO IM LOW ON HP	NO HEALING ITEMS	PUZZLE AFTER PUZZLE	WHY DOES THE GAME NEED TWO MAIN HUB WORLDS?
1,It's not worth the king up and having eye diseases just for a couple of "experiences" that last 2 hours. It's a gimmick and Sony will lose faith in this in one year. When Scorpio releases and have the superior version of everything VR
1,Got it April 22 2017 and it already stop working.i have hold the wire in different positions to talk.my advise is to save your money and buy a better headset
1,i won't even bother to repeat what the other reviewers said in their reviews,all im gonna say is this:you have just damaged your name in the world of RPG's big time bioware.what a shame...	you know what bioware,instead,now i'll wait for neverwinter nights online;i just expect cryptic to hold on to traditional american RPG standards better than you do.	edit:i preordered the game because i blindly trusted your name,from now on bioware i'll buy your games ONLY after reading its USER reviews.you ought to be ashamed of yourselves.and mark my words bioware,your fans will NOT welcome dragon age 3 with the same welcoming fervor and anticipation!!
1,People actually buy this stuff? It was a weekend rental and looks gorgeous on the PS4, I love it to death, but let me tell you something. Graphics and exclusive content alone isn't enough to get me to play this game for a long time.
1,I have three computer's,and it wouldn't work on any of them. One pc,the screen was nothing but white,green and reddish. The other two,after the game started,the screens froze,so,I couldn't play it at all. Dissappointed! I took it out and put it back in three times on each pc. Careful with this one.
1,I'm not kidding you. I thought I might have 50/50 chance with this purchase since there's mixed reviews but it turns out its a joke of an item.		Yes, I attempted a different USB ports all over my house, and resulting only plug it to light up that green LED light. That's all. It's so light as well. I had the urge to take it apart to see if the wiring is only to light up the LED with no battery cell in it but figured its not worth my time.		Another thing I noticed is the back of the battery that says,"FOR BOX 360." Very funny.
1,The first 3 hours were great, "But" after I turned the ps4 off for a couple hours and got back on they were complete crap..Now what was the chat volume controlled the chat volume and the game volume simultaneously which is a major problem and the actual game volume didn't work at all..So I tried resetting them and they wouldn't even reset,And another thing..These are so cheaply made they feel like a good healthy sneeze would break them..Very low grade cheap plastic..Would give it 0 stars if it were possible I wouldn't recommend these to a friend at all..	Update...The return policy was excellent..received a full refund including shipping
1,The very beginning of the game frustrated me so much I never played it a 2nd time.
1,DO NOT buy this game it freezes chapter 5 every time unplayable
1,Almost 50 gbs of space . . . Ubisoft has finally lost all my faith in their products. I've played every previous AC, seems quantity over quality is paramount.
1,There are good first-person shooters out there. Those shooters contain a story that captivates the player enough to blast through a dozen or so levels of shooting, dodging, and grenade-lobbing. Those levels generally have multiple objectives that are varied, from bombing a structure to rushing a certain location and killing everything from point A to point B while staying alive. Those shooters are generally accompanied with attractive graphics and pulse-pounding music. The Xbox 360 version of Quake 4 doesn't have many of those qualities. It's not a terrible game, but it's one of the least impressive shooters I've played this year.		In Quake 4's brainless campaign, you'll strap on the armor of the space marine Matthew Kane, a member of the Rhino Squad that is attacking the evil Strogg on their home planet. The biomechanical beasts are foul, dirty, and ruthless--and a small twist near the middle of the game will show you and Corporal Kane just how dirty the Strogg can be. I thought that it was nice for Raven to throw in a truly unexpected story twist but I never really found the rest of the game to be very interesting. At least the second half of the campaign is fast, frantic, and intense. It's preferable to the first half. Overall the game is about 10-12 hours long, clocking in at or near the shooter average.		It's the gameplay that had me let down and shaking my head. Quake 4 plays like a good first person shooter...from 2001. The fragging is so ridiculously generic from the start of the game until the very end. Some will say it's just Quake's traditional gameplay, I say it's boring. You'll pick up progressively stronger and better guns but at the same time your enemies get a little faster, a little bigger, an a little more deadly. There's a balance established between strong weapons and strong enemies. However, most of the action consists of running forward throughout similar rooms, finding the Strogg, and shooting them until they fall over and their corpses disappear. They don't move around much at all, they often don't even try to evade your fire, and they don't try to outsmart you in the slightest bit. Usually they'll stand in place, move towards you, and shoot you without taking much cover or attempting to get around you for an easier kill. A few of the enemies have different tactics but these tactics are usually just slight variations from the "stand-and-shoot" or "run-and-slash" strategy. It's disappointing when games like Call of Duty 2 have such impressive intelligence.		The guns you get can be pretty cool but I discovered that almost anything can be killed quickly and effortlessly with a few well-placed shotgun blasts or an entire clip of machine gun ammo, even near the end of the game. The enemies don't take much cover, which is an example set for the player--running around and mindlessly shooting doesn't have many repercussions, because it isn't necessary to hide very often. Because of this, even inexperienced gamers can plow through this game's action. If you have to play through this game, play it on a hard difficulty setting unless you simply want to cruise right on through it. The only things that break up the action even the slightest bit are a few vehicular distractions, which are admittedly a lot of fun. One of them puts you on the back of an on-rails truck, shooting off the Strogg with your own weapons. The next throws you into the cockpit of a hovering tank, where you can quickly fire off missiles and pound the opposition with machine gun fire. The most exciting and last vehicle is the walker, which can use lock-on missiles and machine gun fire to rapidly take down enemies. These distractions are a lot of fun and it's a shame that the rest of the game is so generic.		Multiplayer, on and offline, isn't any more interesting than the single-player. What should have been a robust, fast-paced, frantic set of games turns out to be pretty dull and generally unexciting. Eight people can join up in a single game and of course you can frag each other in deathmatches but there isn't anything here that impressed me in the slightest bit. All these years I've heard about how much fun Quake can be in terms of multiplayer and I'm let down by gameplay that simply isn't interesting. Not to mention, Xbox Live is very inconsistent and the already-low frame rate (which I'll mention momentarily) makes Quake 4 more frustrating to play than it ever should have been.		Visually, it is very difficult to classify Quake 4. There were certain parts during the game that I was admittedly impressed with Raven's choice for art and style. There is a lot of detail throughout the environments, from blood-splattered walls to gears and mechanisms scattered around the various rooms. Even the nicely-lit interior locations, which compose most of the game, are interesting. Corridor shooting isn't nearly as repetitive when the bulk of the graphical factor isn't stale and boring. On the other hand, player models are very generic and almost every marine looks like his partners. One marine might have different hair and another might have a different skin color. The models also look so jagged without a high-resolution screen that it appears they have spikes or fur. Quoting a friend, "Quake 4 has cactus graphics." The effects are extremely dull, whether it's the Nintendo 64-calibur muzzle flash or the fire and smoke effects that would look at home in a generic Playstation 2 game. The music isn't very good, either. Where Perfect Dark Zero set a mood with its tunes, Quake 4 does nothing to pump the player up for any battle or confrontation. It's not epic, it's not exciting, and it fails to impress me at all. The voice acting is alright, but the dialogue is so cliched and generic that it cancels out any sort of impressing aural quality.		Overall, Quake 4 is a big disappointment. What was supposed to be a visually stunning, fast-paced, pulse-pounding shooter ends up being one of the most dull launch titles on the Xbox 360. The story is interesting enough to pull you through 10 hours of generic and brainless action, and the vehicular distractions are a quick and effortless blast, but that's about the furthest Quake 4 goes. If you're a Quake fan, I wouldn't question you if you rented the game but I'd have to frown down on anyone who decides to buy this game. There isn't enough here in terms of depth or new, modern shooter attractions. Pick up Perfect Dark Zero or Call of Duty 2 instead. Believe me, you won't regret it.
1,Its an EA game.  So, here we go again.  Released a game that was not completed and updated it as we go.  Requiring internet connection to play is ridiculous and dumb.  They will end the game when they want, not when you're done playing it...	The campaign/story was ok but nothing special.  You get to a point where you have to race every style of racing and it doesn't let you stay with the style you prefer.  I absolutely HATE drifting.  Don't like it, never liked it, never will like it, and don't want to do it.  This game forced me to do it.  Yes, I won them.  Took me a while and it wasn't fun.  Hated the time it took to figure out the best settings to drift correctly.  It takes too long.	Most of the races were fun.  However, you cant repeat them to earn enough money to improve fast enough.  It becomes a grind of simply going around to race after race after race just to make money.  Then upgrading.  Then next campaign mission.  Then race after race after race.  Repeat until game is over.  It felt like a grind instead of a motivated and reasoned step in the campaign.
1,I got this game for Christmas.  I got it for free as part of a "buy two get one free" deal.  Luckily, the other two games I acquired were Rock Band 2 and Fallout 3.  I say luckily, because with Midnight Club, I basically got what I paid for.		I'm not going to go into a lot of detail here because there isn't a lot of game to detail.  Midnight Club really set the bar high with DUB Edition in terms of vehicle customization.  It set the bar slightly higher with LA.  No other game comes close to the level of customization allowed by Midnight Club.  We're talking little things, like the license plates of every state in the US, and the ability to raise and lower convertible tops WHILE driving - as in, you don't have to pause and access menu options, or return to the "garage," etc.		Unfortunately, that is the best part of Midnight Club LA.  And believe me - I tried to like it.  I went into the options and created custom control layouts...  Of course, you can only do this for manual shifting - you have to use a preset for automatic driving...  Why??  I mean I love manual shifting - in games that have realistic driving physics like Forza or Gran Turismo.  MC:LA is another one of those games that blips the throttle to try and generate "movie-style" sound effects.  You never do that in a real car.  So when you try to drive manually, it just... ...sucks.		Of course these games are also built to favor drifting.  But the drifting is terrible.  My little front-wheel drive car drifts forEVER...  I can't stop the drift and it forces me to take ever-widening corners just to compensate for how long the car will slide.  This causes me to get passed by the AI opponents.		And you'll get passed a lot because of the rubber banding.  You'll get to first place quickly, but you'll never stay there.  Fall behind, and the other cars make more mistakes.  Pull ahead, and they become impeccable drivers.  And as you acquire better cars and better parts, it'll eventually get to the point that you can't win anything anymore.  The difficulty ramps up so high that it becomes unplayable.  Opponents simply "level up" with you, using better cars with better parts.  Essentially, buying better cars is useless.  All you're doing is keeping up with the curve.		The driving physics - as already touched upon above - are simply terrible.  Cars don't act like real cars act.  And believe me - I know how real cars act.  This review is written by the proud owner of a Dodge Viper GTS coupe.  I've been on tracks, I've raced competitively.  Midnight Club is an arcade game, and nothing from MC:LA translates correctly into the real world.  Your car will bounce off of some impacts with other vehicles or walls.  Other impacts - more severe ones - launch you into a unwelcomed cut-scene which shows your car spinning out of control and always - and I do mean always - ending up 180 degrees from your original direction of travel.  I don't think it's chance - I think this sequence is intentionally used to pivot your car around as some sort of punishment for hitting another car.  It becomes insanely frustrating, and often results in me deciding to play something else.		Midnight Club gives us the ability to create one-of-a-kind automobiles that would cost hundreds of thousands of dollars in the real world.  But once you've built that car, you really won't have any interest in driving it.		If you're a kid who thought the "Fast & Furious" movies were "totally awesome," then you'll love Midnight Club.  If you watched "Fast & Furious" and laughed most of the time, I would recommend titles like "Forza Motorsports" or "Gran Turismo."
1,The case I received was different from what was pictured. My case has the Nintendo symbol on the top of the case. It also has a different lanyard (all silver and more flimsy looking). The straps to hold the 3DS XL are not in the spots shown in the picture. Instead it is just one ling and very flimsy strap going across the whole case. I just wind up placing the system right over top of this strap because its too flimsy to actually hold the system anyway.		The case I received only has 2 slots to hold 2 games in comparison to the 4 shown in the picture.		Also, I have a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/eForCity-Crystal-Case-Compatible-With-Nintendo-3DS-XL-Clear/dp/B0093W7KG8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">eForCity Crystal Case Compatible With Nintendo 3DS XL, Clear</a>&nbsp;and although it makes for a slightly tighter fit, it still does fit fine. Just makes for an even more tighter fit if you plan to place games in there as well.		Another thing to mention is that this case SMELLS HORRIBLE!!! I cant quite even put it into words what it smells like, but its the inside of the case that smells horrid.		It is a decent case. Just wish it was very slightly more spacious for storing games and a charging cable (I have a NDS to USB charging cable that I currently place in there, but its a tight fit).		I wouldn't order this unless you are OK with possibly not getting what is pictured. But the alternative is not so bad either. Especially considering the price.		Hope this helps.		***UPDATED 03/26/13		WOW!!! Ive owned this case for about 2 weeks now and I would have thought it would have aired out by now, but DAMN!!! The smell is just as potent as it was the first day I got it. I even sprayed it with tons of strong cologne and let it air out for days, but it still smells horrible.		I had my 3DS in it for a few days and now my 3DS smells horrible as well.		I believe I will let it air outside when it gets nicer, but for the cost and trouble, I might just buy another case and toss this one in the trash.		I'm not a very picky person, but this smell is not something I care to deal with. And its also not worth the price of the return shipping as the company does not pay for it (even though I received a different item than was pictured).		I do not recommend this case (the case that you might receive that is not pictured). I can not comment on the actual case that IS pictured as I do not have that one.
1,ON DISC DLC, I JUST HATE IT WHEN IT PUBLISHERS JUST LOVE TO RAPE PEOPLES WALLETS AND CAPCOM IS THE NEW EA	F*** THIS
1,Broke easily
1,i have spent more time trying to get this game to play than actually playing it.	somewhere around the fourth or fifth mission, it failed to play, then failed to install.  specifically, the installation hangs, and the 'play' button is greyed out.	mastronics doesn't have a digital copy for download, or so they say.	c.c. correspondence with mastronics support: note, problems are still unresolved.		Hi Hamid,		Thankyou for getting back to me. Unfortunately I'm at a complete loss as to what could be causing this issue. If you like, I can offer you a free of charge exchange from our website?		Please be aware that Deus is not available for digital download.		Kind Regards,		Mastertronic Technical Support		--------------------------------------------------		Mastertronic Group Limited		2 Stonehill, Stukeley Meadows, Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire, PE29 6ED		United Kingdom		From: h mazuji	Sent: 03 October 2012 00:09	To: Mastertronic Support	Subject: RE: Mastertronic - deus ex		that was a really bad idea.  my primary hard drive is full.  only 800mB left.  not enough to install anything.		my usb external hdd was not available in safe mode.		i was unable to proceed with the installation.		i recall a year or two ago, i had a problem with starcraft, and i called blizzard, and they let me download a digital copy.  i downloaded it, and the gameplay was flawless.  that was really nice customer service.		do you guys have a digital copy available for download ?  (for deus ex complete, both games )		thanks,	hamid		i'm including a copy of my receipt:		Order Placed:	December 20, 2010		View Order Details | View Invoice		  Order Number: 105-4595168-8024215	  Recipient: hamid mazuji Description: Image removed by sender.	  Order Total: $22.19		Delivery Estimate: Tuesday December 28, 2010 - Wednesday January 12, 2011	Shipped		Description: Image removed by sender. DEUS EX - GAME OF THE YEAR EDITIONDEUS EX - GAME OF THE YEAR EDITION		Sold by: greatstuff53 ( seller profile )		From: support@mastertronic.com	Subject: RE: Mastertronic - deus ex	Date: Mon, 17 Sep 2012 12:37:16 +0000		Hi Hamid,		Please could I ask you to restart your PC in Safe Mode, install the game and then restart your PC. I have included a guide that will talk you through each step.		(It might be worth printing this email so that you can refer to it while your machine is rebooting).		How to restart your PC in Safe Mode		-  Turn the computer on or Restart the computer.		-  Start tapping the F8 key. The Windows Advanced Boot Options Menu appears. If you begin tapping the F8 key too soon, some computers display a "keyboard error" message. To resolve this, restart the computer and try again.		-  Ensure that the Safe mode option is selected, not the top option.		-  Press Enter. The computer then begins to start in Safe mode.		Once the computer has loaded, please try installing the game. When the game has finished installing, please close all programs (usually found in the `tray' at the bottom of your screen'), and then restart your computer as you normally would.		I look forward to hearing from you.		Kind Regards,		Mastertronic Technical Support		--------------------------------------------------		Mastertronic Group Limited		2 Stonehill, Stukeley Meadows, Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire, PE29 6ED		United Kingdom		From: h mazuji	Sent: 16 September 2012 13:54	To: Mastertronic Support	Subject: RE: Mastertronic - deus ex		the ''install'' button is greyed out.		nothing happens when you click the install button.  it isn't a button.  it's greyed out.		From: support@mastertronic.com	Subject: RE: Mastertronic - deus ex	Date: Tue, 28 Aug 2012 09:46:32 +0000		Hi Hamid,		Thankyou for sending me those screenshots. Can you tell me what happens when you click on the install button? It seemed okay in the image you sent.		Kind Regards,		Mastertronic Technical Support		(When replying, please include all previous correspondence with future emails. This will allow us to keep track of what has been done to help solve the problem so far.)		--------------------------------------------------		Technical Support		Mastertronic Group Limited		2 Stonehill, Stukeley Meadows, Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire, PE29 6ED		United Kingdom		support@mastertronic.com		From: h mazuji	Sent: 25 August 2012 02:56	To: Mastertronic Support	Subject: RE: Mastertronic - deus ex		From: support@mastertronic.com	Subject: RE: Mastertronic - deus ex	Date: Tue, 21 Aug 2012 13:53:37 +0000		Hi Hamid,		Please could I ask you to send me a screenshot of the greyed out installation button you are referring too? To do this, please follow the guide below.		  Find the point where the problem is occurring so that it appears on your screen		  When you have arrived at this point where the problem is on screen, you can take a screenshot. To do this, hold down the `Shift Key.' This is located on the edge of the keyboard, just to the left of the letter Z key.		  While continuing to hold down the `Shift Key', press the `Print Screen' button. This can be found towards the top right of the keyboard next to the F12 key.		  You will of now successfully taken a screen shot. To acquire the screen shot, open a basic document such as `Microsoft Word' or `Microsoft PowerPoint'.		  When the document is open, Right Click anywhere and select `Paste' and the screen shot will appear.		  Now Right Click on the screen shot and select `Save as Picture'. Save the screen shot, then return to your email.		  At the top of your email is the `Attach File' option. Click this to open up your folders, find the screen shot that you saved earlier and double click it to attach it to the email.		Kind Regards,		Mastertronic Technical Support		(When replying, please include all previous correspondence with future emails. This will allow us to keep track of what has been done to help solve the problem so far.)		--------------------------------------------------		Technical Support		Mastertronic Group Limited		2 Stonehill, Stukeley Meadows, Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire, PE29 6ED		United Kingdom		support@mastertronic.com		From: hamid mazuji	Sent: 21 August 2012 14:51	To: Mastertronic Support	Subject: Mastertronic - deus ex		Name:hamid mazuji		Label:Description: Image removed by sender. Description: Image removed by sender. Description: Image removed by sender. Description: Image removed by sender. Mastertronic >  <span style=(Mastertronic)		Game Title: deus ex		the ''install'' button is greyed out.		Operating system:		Windows XP Pro SP2		Graphics card:		7800gtx		Processor:		amd 64 4400		Memory:		1 gb		Subscribe: no	(submitted 21/08/2012 14:51:27)
1,well this game is pretty decent i mean its dino crisis in space with jetpacks n vanquish like stuff there is a few things i hated about it though mainly that the health is so random its like even on easy mode you get hit once half of your health is gone now you can get upgrades to your health but your only gonna get a chance to purchase that upgrade 1 time as everytime you buy health packs you end up having to use them over n over again and then having to buy more health packs you can probly already hear the patern going on here the gameplay is great but the story health system and map arint all that good storywise it has nothing at all to do with dino crisis 1 or 2 they basicaly took the cheap way out n skiped a bunch of years and for some strange reason slaped the number 3 on the cover the map is like if you took metorid primes map n half a**ed it the health system i pretty much described it just seems so lazy because even with health upgrades you still end up feeling just as weak as you did before you upgraded your health would i say buy this game no unless you find it for under 10 dollars then yes
1,For Xbox One, this game kinda stinks.  It doesn't really use the Kinect technology in any meaningful way...you just see a very, very, tiny little silhouette of yourself at the top or bottom of the screen.  You might as well just have a much-cheaper DVD showing a dancer on your screen, as this program doesn't really provide anything more than that.  Unless you like the hokey "rating" it gives you, which is far from a reasonable assessment of your actual dancing.  I'm not a dancer (got it for my wife), and I can get "good" and "nice job" just flailing my arms :)		Overall, very disappointing for Xbox One.  Not sure why it gets good reviews from other people...I suspect they do not have the Kinect and therefore have lower expectations.
1,Im going to go against the flow here, and give this game only two stars. I read all the reviews before I made my purchase and started out with high hopes, but i have to say i was disapointed. The gameplay is just well, uh,, boring. Yeah they have like fourzillion mock lego characters to unlock- but after i breezed through the first three "episodes" in one day( no thats not including 100% of the bonus content, i often found myself wondering why im i playing this game? The sell is for starwars and lego fans alike who are in it for the nostalgia. Maybe it was just me but spending most of the level running around in circles trying to collect the stupid coins that drop from every object you touch simply wasn't an injoyable time. Decidely it is geared for very young gamers, but before you shell out the hefty price for the game give it a rental try out first and decide for yourself.  I for one was let down.	Gamer since 1988.
1,The reviews that claim this thing hurts your head are spot on. Aside from it not working for chat purposes 80% of the time, the thing instantly starts hurting your head after 30 min of use. Terrible product especially for the price. Returned
1,Horrible
1,This game looks amazing, but it lacks creativity. The game is pretty boring and has a very mediocre story line. The gameplay is also very repetitive. The only thing that amazed me was the visuals. I was very pumped for this game back at E3, and I probably should have read the reviews that said the game wasn't that great, it only looked good.
1,What I normally do before purchasing a game is I read many, many, many reviews of this game from critics perspectives to customers reviews. Most of what I've read gave this game a very good review, and upon purchasing it and playing through it, I must honestly say that this game disappointed me. I'm very aware that this is a strategy RPG and it is not an "open-ended" type, but everything is too straight-forwarded as if you're "literally" going page by page. The graphic is pretty good for an anime style and the voice acting is superb, but the flaws outwieighs the good stuff. DO NOT BUY, rent only.
1,This game sucked. I got it, put the highest difficulty on and beat in 3 and a half hours then I played it on the easiest setting and beat it in 2 hours. Yes it is that short I gave this a three for fun because I kept on using Nazis as shields and killed them in gruesome ways. Like in sometimes when you grab one you can choose to like grab there gun and use it as a bat. I Bought this the week it came out luckily I got it for free because Game stop had a sale for you retuning games. Anyway the Multiplayer sucked. I found 1 person In the entire time I owned that POS. Code Masters, I love Overlord, I love GRID and DIRT, But never make shooters because they flatout suck. Damnation and Turning point were two of the worst games I have ever played. People go buy Uncharted. Its the best game on the PS3. I got to go sell this POS game
1,The burnout husk of a title. In fact it pretty much is the first game with some crud glued on.		In the first one they managed to kill off the only interesting character like three quarters way through. So now all the theme has left is dive suits, water and creepy journals.		Certainly wasn't the clunky combat (for one, things should die when I shoot them in the head with my inaccurate wobbly gun, it certainly is hard enough to!), generic enemies or dullard storyline.	No, it was Andrew Ryan. That creepy objectivist maniac.		What we've got here is a rehash sans Andy there and it really just isn't doing it for me. Between the clunky dullness and the crashes I'm really regretting buying this, even at 13 bucks on steam. Oh and I can't even play the predominantly singleplayer game online. NICE.
1,it a fake
1,Poor sensor. The Phillips Twin Eye sensor still sucks. If you are competitive, this mouse will hinder you. If you are a casual, then it's probably fine.
1,Dreamfall starts off as a promising sequel to The Longest Journey.  The visuals are great, and even at high settings, they don't slow down a decent system.  The voice acting is excellent as well.  The camera is generally tolerable.  The game immediately feels more like an interactive movie than a point-and-click adventure game, but this is initially a welcome break from the previous game.  The Longest Journey had still 2D screens to explore, but Dreamfall is a 3D world that begs to be explored.		Now for the bad news.  First, you can't fully explore the world.  Many objects and doors that you encounter are simply there for decoration or for your character to make an inane and irrelevant comment about.  The game also attempts a kind of combat that is clunky and unsophisticated; it adds nothing to the game.  To make things worse, that interesting story that opens the game begins to deteriorate and fragment fairly quickly.  The writers were trying to pull off a tour de force when they should have focused on developing an intelligent script and plot.  The story simply gets out of hand.  There are too many characters and motivations, and they pass by so quickly that it's difficult to care much about the later characters or anything that happens to them.  The dialogue also becomes irritating, repetitious, irrelevant, and the voice acting likewise degrades.  The disappointing ending to the game feels like someone on a deadline ran out of time.  There's actually no game play for the last twenty minutes of the game - it's all dialogue.		I was also turned off by the amount of make-up on the protagonist, Zoe, and April Ryan.  They have more eyeliner and mascara than a streetwalker.  This might be believable on Zoe who is a young, cute woman and may not be able to make herself up appropriately yet, but April is older and lives in the middle of a swamp where it isn't likely that make-up is a priority for survival.  At any rate, these ugly character designs were a distraction.		Finally, the puzzles you would expect in an adventure game are neither difficult nor interesting, although a few of them are tedious and dumb.		I had a good feeling about this game for the first hour or two.  Then, it just tanked.  I hope they abandon this storyline for the next game and start over.  This one is not worth continuing.
1,Blah Blah... what can I say?  Nothing ever turns out as well as they advertise.  It would be nice if they gave all the full details before purchasing it such as WHICH games exactly it is for.
1,While the quality of the product is top notch, the inherent design is completely flawed. This will only work for people under or around 5 feet tall.		The flaw of the product lies in the lenses themselves. Because they are slightly smaller than the original kinect lens, it creates a black barrier around the play area and distorts/shrinks the view instead of expanding it like it should. When I did get the product to work the recognition was jittery and non-responsive. It would keep telling me to return to the play area and my on-screen avatar would flail about wildly.		When you install the product onto the kinect, it does a good job of lining up with the kinect itself. I tried re-attaching it several times to make sure there wasn't something I was doing wrong, and I also tried to recalibrate several times. In the kinect settings it shows what the kinect sees, and instead of having a crystal clear picture like before, it was distorted and there was a black ring around the edge which is how I came to this conclusion.		Do not buy this product. It does not work.
1,After months of having it. I started having problems with the wheel volume.  It wouldn't respond at all. I had the same problem with my first astro a50 headset  (battlefield 4 edition)  stay away from astro they make products that eventually will stop working properly some way.  Now I'll support lucidsound. Instead of this crappy company of astro
1,Okay, let's get out of the way that this is not a Wii controller, it's a GameCube controller, and the only Wiis that it will work with are the ones that have GameCube controller ports. If you are considering getting this for a Wii, make sure that Wii has GCN controller ports; new Wiis don't have them.		By design, I don't mean the shape of the controller or the placement of the buttons/d-pad/sticks, I mean the way it's built. It feels really cheap (even for a third-party controller), the buttons are terribly clunky, and the d-pad is unresponsive when it's not perfectly centered. Also probably worth noting is that the L&R buttons can feel unresponsive as well; that's because they are pressure-sensitive but also built mostly like digital buttons, and most GameCube games don't respond at the slightest touch of the L and R triggers.		This is really unfortunate because no one else makes a controller that lets you customize the buttons' input. The idea is great because some games have really awkward and/or just plain uncomfortable button set-ups, so if this thing wasn't so terribly designed, it would be the ideal controller to have. If you already have one and it happens to be good, consider yourself extremely lucky and don't get rid of it because any replacement is bound to disappoint you.
1,I have already played the 3 games with the seek an item format. I thought this one would be the same. It is very hard to find alot of the items listed, even with the zoom on it. I end up touching most everything on the screen or use the hint button. Like another reviewer said... the part with 2 pictures up and you must find the diferences, it is just so small to see many of them. I am bored with this game.
1,I will never buy a game that has a limited amount of installs! I have never pirated a game or music CD (I find the look of burnt CDs tacky looking sorry)		And now I am being punished anyways! I have games that from the late 90s and early 00s that I still re-install and play a game or two for good times sake and memories! That is why I BUY games and OWN a game.		I will never buy a game that limits my installs no matter how badly I want to play it!
1,This game didn't last long on my "being played" list. The graphics are pretty good and really make you feel like your in a post apocalyptic world. But thats where the fun ended for me. I consider myself more of a casual gamer and I don't mean Peggle. I play games for story, not so much online either. I have an above average machine and can run crysis on high so thats not an issue either. But this game is HARD. Their is NO learning curve to this game, you start as a weakling with no money (which is insanely hard to get in this game) to upgrade and fight against enemies who would (in a sandbox game) be at the end of the level right at the start. For me, this ruined the game and it made its way to my desk drawer. I like a challenge, but I don't like to be forced into it when I'm still learning the game.
1,This is barely passable to be rated as a game. Theres good reasons why games and comic books should not mix and this is one of them.	In the game for some characters the player can't do some of the moves as good as the CPU, and the moves do not respond to the D-pad on time.	And there are several glitches in the game as well for instance; As I was in practice mode in some arenas the player or opponent can fall threw walls or in some areas where there are big holes in the floor where you can actually walk on them and not fall, or get trapped in a wall. And as if that was not bad enough they did a pore job on the blocking move, it too dose not respond on time. They have where you can reconfigure your controls on the game (Yeah, a lot of good that dose.) But you still don't have the blocking move to where you don't have to strain the hell out of your fingers just to do one stupid move.	And as for the affects, its a joke and I'll give you an example; In the game Blood Roar Extreme, the lighting in the game looks far more real as to X-men Storm's lighting balls, they look more like balls of yarn. And there fighting stances are just flat out bad. Some players can float just over there heads witch doesn't make sense because not only that, you can't really hit them anymore and it gives your enemy an open shot at you.		To sum it all up, X-men next dimension was just another sloped together, slapped a label on, copied, and ready to make a buck off of it. They don't care about making a good quality product. Just as long as they get your money. And did I mention that you can't save your progress in the game?
1,Not as advertised, silver in color, not white.
1,Puchased it new and case was  damaged but other than that game is really good the only reason I don't give 5 stars Is because my game case came broken
1,Around 10 years later... I'm going back to some of the 360 titles I missed. I was really looking forward to this one. Nearly every review I've read says it's a "masterpiece". "One of Rockstar's best games ever made"... etc. Maybe it was... This version on the 360 however, is completely BROKEN.		I'm not sure how anyone was able to play it. The camera flips in the opposite direction whenever being chased by anyone so you have no idea which direction you're running. Just navigating through this game is nearly impossible. It freaking maddening. After attempting the "that bitch" mission about 20 times (this is EARLY in the game), I just threw may hands in the air; took the game out of the console, put back into the case and chucked it into the "sell" pile. I'm done. Can't do it. Unplayable -- just broken and not my idea of "fun".		This was an older title from the ps2 ported over early on. The graphics and style of the game are seriously dated... but I was completely OK with that. I actually prefer some of the older single player titles with great gameplay. I would have probably loved this game if it had only WORKED.		And the funny thing is, I just finished another broken disaster of a game "Red Dead Redemption: Undead Nightmare". Looks like Rockstar is getting a nice big pile of broken trash to add to their resume lately. After this one, I think I'm done with Rockstar and their broken trash titles altogether.		Rockstar used to be the "gold standard" of open world gaming. Now if someone can release a title that actually WORKS, it's going to be better than most Rockstar games -- simply because of the fact that it works! Sad...
1,I know, this game is old, I picked it up at launch. But after seeing it under the "recommended for you" category on Amazon, I felt compelled to warn others to NOT buy this game.		As a person who LOVED Perfect Dark 64, I was thoroughly underwhelmed by this game. I cannot describe what a totally different game it is. I'm not sure if Rare lost their talent, but man- it is different, and NOT in a good way. This game has frustratingly poor level design- it's laughable. It's so bad that if you don't move for five seconds, arrows light up on the ground to send you in the right direction. That should NOT be necessary. The plot is pretty cliched- it's not helped that it's a prequel, but it IS thoroughly predictable, particularly towards the end. Of course, Carringtonn makes an appearance- with a thick Scottish accent not present in Perfect Dark 64 in any form whatsover.		Online play is extremely mediocre too.		Avoid this game. It's not worth $20.
1,These just are not worth ten bucks. Go ahead and get some turtles for $50 and do yourself a favor.		Positives	1. It does its job. You can hear other people and talk to them.		Negatives	1. Sound quality is terrible	2. THEY WILL BREAK-guaranteed-whether you step on them and they snap (1 pair of mine) or the wiring gets lose (1 pair of mine) or they just fall apart. Mine each last a few months,.	3. Don 't get in game sound		Bottom line-if your half serious about gaming or just want a better experiance, go buy some turtle beaches.
1,-Always online DRM can be okay when it works, but it simply doesn't work in Sim City. To me, this isn't even their most egregious error.	-To me, the fact that they have purchasable DLC from DAY ONE is what makes this game a complete scam. EA saying they want to make all of their games F2P in the future is another indication that you should avoid them like the bubonic plague.	-Overall, EA has killed more famous franchises than I care to recount. They absolutely destroyed the Command & Conquer series after C&C3.		If you are an intelligent, discerning human being you will join me in boycotting ALL EA products. Together we can vote with our wallets and change the direction in which the video game industry is heading: greedy, profit-hungry corporations who are concerned only with their shareholders that don't give a rats ass about the consumer or delivering quality, affordable games.
1,ACU bundle is really worst bundle, because ACU is a EPIC FAIL.  i wish microsoft does other bundle	PS4 GTA and Last of Us bundle or PS Destiny is better than this bundle any time any day.  it is what it is		xboxone laggy ui and controller with serious deadzone issue	1>this bundle ACU is glitchy, laggy, stuttering, jittering, and buggy. basically unplayable. it crash from time to time. memory leak issue? not sure if is OS or the game issue. i suggest avoid ACU at all cost	2>xboxone UI, netflex UI navigation is laggy, stuttering, and jittering. xboxone UI freeze from time to time to force you do hard reboot AKA unplug power supply.	3>controller (i conntect via usb, because rechargeable battery didn't come with it. EPIC FAIL) disconnect from time to time (huge PAIN). the controller has HUGE deadzone issue. it is a huge issue for FPS game.
1,I received this battery and immediately had trouble charging it.  It fit very poorly into my DS Lite and it took some effort to get it to seat properly.  Once it was properly seated on the contacts, I charged it.  However, with a "complete" charge it lasted about 2 minutes before the DS died.  I tried charging it a few more times, but never managed to get even 5 minutes of battery life out of it.  Waste of my money.		You have been warned!
1,Just like with Doom 3 and to some extent Half Life 2, you should upgrade to good graphics card before playing this - (Geforce 6600GT or better).		2004 belonged to Half Life 2 and Doom 3. Or so it was until Far Cry hit the scene from out of nowhere. These three game defined the year FPSwise. I think Doom 3 was the better game with Far Cry and Half Life 2 splitting second place.		Pros.		- The graphics, most of the time, are great.		- The sniper rifle. The zoom, the satisfaction of taking out an enemiy from 300-400 feet leaving the chap next to him none the wiser		- The intensity when there are bad guys nearby, but you cant see them		- Immersive gameplay		- Fantastic AI		Cons		- The game has been called non-linear. Its not. Games like Boiling Point, Gothic 2 (best game ever) and Morrowind, are. Far Cry tries to give the impression og being non-linear, but combat helicopters will take you out if you try to wander off  to far, impassable chasms and steep hills and mountains limit you and force you back on the "right route". The non-linearity refers to the numerous way of approaching the enemy. This is not a big deal though.		- The enemies have incredible eyesight and hearing. Crouching in a shrub 200 feet away from a bad guy still makes him go: whos there? and then firing upon you.		- The though guy image of protagonist and the pretty girlie he is trying to rescue, is a bit American action B-movieesque. Luckily this happens only in the cut scenes.		To summarize:		Great game. Buy.		Jan, Norway.
1,A, B, X & Y buttons do NOT respond well.		you push the buttons and they easily bottom out, but do not register. After they bottom out, if you press a little harder, then they register. this is not a quality defect, its the intended design, obviously  not designed by a gamer.		Aiming is difficult with the thumbstick when playing FPS games. The sticks resistence should be light, when the stick is near the center.  The resistence should then increase, as you push it away from the center (it does the exact opposite).		It does fit your hand as well as the s-controller.		The triggers are poorly positioned and the springs are too stiff.		GOOD NEWS		the wireless feature works great!  just don't play games with		it.
1,very bad
1,This game is just the plain word pathetic its sooo ridiculous, the dolls laughter is annoying the soundtrack is boring, and the click and point is just  tiring,this whole series is lacking doesnt explain anything the worst of em all this game did not have potential I have never done it before to a game but I hated this sooo much I threw the disc in my fire place this is the worst game ever, I couldn't believe a game like this was sooooo terrible and boring so glad I won't ever have to see this again what a waste of money I won't be getting back not worth the money stear clear from bore tower
1,It may be all the way in 2012, but it's never too late to talk bad about junk like this game. I sincerely hope someone is reading this review. Ok, first off, I don't know what's wrong with you people who rated this game more than two stars. This game... It's just so... so... stupid! The story is predictable. Wow, people come to the forest to capture animals... Whoopee... For some reason, you are tasked with finding film reels (which has absolutely NOTHING to do with the plot BTW). So, let's get to the Pro's and Cons, shall we?		Pro's: None, this game has kicked the bucket.		Cons: 1) The game is so linear, you will scoff and sneer at the sheer lack of things to do. 2) The story, is stupid and lame, something a baby could think up, or do better with. 3) Graphics- Let's get one thing clear: I realize that this happens to be one of the Gamecube's release titles, but just look at Luigi's Mansion! That's a classic and amazing game! The graphics are superb, perfection! This game... ugh, just ugh. I'd rather watch Shrek. 4) Gameplay- Like I just said, there is a lack of things to do. 5) Sound- The jungle beats for the game get old fast. Also, Rosie O'Donnell voices Terk; need I say more?	All in all, this game is an example of something that should have never happened. The only games that are worse than this game are: E.T. on the Atari 2600, (Google it, young-uns, I'm a teenager and I own one. You can make the effort too. :3) and Tomb Raider Underworld on the PS2 (I love ya, Lara, but that game should have been canceled on that console). If you are looking for an experience, a masterpiece of a game, then here are some suggestions: Ico (PS2: it's worth buying one just for this game), any Tomb Raider title (especially if you love action/adventure games), the Zelda series (because if you don't play them, you have no right to say you know classic video games), Pong (yes, Pong is better than this game), or any Mario title (if I have to tell you who he is, you're not allowed to play games at all). Stay away from this failed abortion, or you'll regret it. Honestly, the only enjoyment you can get from this game, is either killing Tarzan, or destroying the disc. ~ Thomas' Reviews
1,Nah this game seems like a cash grab. Nintendo can't seem to recapture the magic of Mario 64. Not worth the price of admission.
1,I have to say, this product came exceptionally packaged.		The design is really sharp looking as well. I really like the colors used. They go well together.		The audio was pretty good. They were very comfortable. I didn't feel "Fatigued" after long gaming sessions while wearing them. (Read GearsofWar4 Horde mode)		The only problem, is its wired... like EVERY other wired head set I have used for a gaming console. In this case, the Xbox one, the audio cable had a short develop in it right next to the jack that plugs into the controller, so anytime I played a multiplayer game, the other gamers were like "Hey, yo, dude mute your mic, were getting a lot of static feed back"		So, I was trying not to buy an expensive wireless headset this time around, but it looks like I'm going to have to break down and spend the money. I normally don't like "wireless" except with cellphones. But I just have to accept that wired headsets and gaming just are not going to work for me.
1,This game kinda sucks. Any Guitar Hero o Rock Band game beats it by far. It's hard to get used to the symbols and everything, so you can't hit the notes. I bought it because it was cheap, but didn't like it 15 minutes in and haven't played it again.
1,I received 1 New 3DS XL stylus and 2 of the originally 3DS XL stylus, which are too long for the New 3DS.  The tip of the only New 3DS stylus has a molding line running down the end of it which seems like it might scratch my screen.  But it was $3 so I can't justify the effort for a refund.
1,When DoW II was announced, I was very excited about the concepts and the addition of a new race. I felt bad that my old disks were going to just sit, since I figured I would be totally immersed in the new game.		Man, was I totally wrong.		Everything about this game is worthless after the intro movie. The single player campaign was so easy, I finished it in one night. There was absolutely no challenge to it at all. And this was on the highest level of difficulty.		I have no interest in multiplayer online, so I will not speak of it. (Nor will I talk about how much Steam and GfW Live suck - read other reviews for that). However, the game's 'skirmish' mode is also a total joke, with so many things wrong. First off - four factions? What happened to the Chaos Space Marines? The Tau? The Necrons? Sisters of Battle? Dark Eldar? Yes, they introduced a 'new' race (finally!), but none of the others before it? Very bad move.		And as for the game play... completely screwed up. You build an army and go. Big deal! What happened to building defenses, various buildings and upgrades, using each to decide how to go forward as you play? "Nope, can't do that... have to make things more streamlined and make the play flow faster." Well screw that! I like building up a certain way, THEN going to get the enemy. This way is entirely no fun whatsoever.		If I could, I would seriously give DoW II a rating of Zero. That is how disappointed I am in this thing. So it will sit on my hard drive and remain idle while I go back to playing Dark Crusade and Soulstorm. If Relic/THQ are smart, they'll make an expansion for this that puts back everything that wasn't wrong in the first place. But I'm not holding my breath...
1,Not a complete piece of crap but pretty damn horrible. I got mine full price on psn. preordered like a dummy cuz i got sold on the hype and didn't wait for the reviews. Save the money and pass on this one. Stand up sucks, ground game suck, presentation ok
1,I downloaded this game and it does not respond. Don`t waste your time downloading this game junk.
1,I found myself bored and regretting shopping the bargain bin for this one. The game play is just not that exciting. Good music does not make up for a lousy game.
1,I can only support what has been said more eloquently by others. In a word, Maladorouos. The game came free with a video card so I won't complain about the cost even though one should be paid to play it. I have not played it online; this is for the single player version.	Although the graphic presentaton is very very good there is no variety and it becomes boring. Except in the no shooting zones, everyone tries to kill you for no reason. Every mission is a bloodbath. The missions are basically the same thing; go kill this guy. The same enemies pop up again and again even 15 seconds after wiping out a strong point. If you travel  50 yards they are back. There does not seem to be much of a story either. After a while the tedium wears you down and you stop playing. There is no relatlionship between this game and the original Far Cry. Ubisoft just screwed it up. Play either "Stalker" game instead.		Pros: Very good graphic presentation	  Installation was easy		Cons: The graphic presentation gets boring. There is so little of	  interest or surprise.	  The missions are repetative.	  Everyone is hostile.	  The local wildlife is always running in front of your vehicle to be	  killed. What is this for?	  Secure rom.	  Don't think I can finish it.	Please, don't spend much money on it.
1,Not what we expected at all. Thankfully, I didn't pay alot for this game.
1,I have every Call of Duty game made for consoles going back to the xbox thru ps4. If you have played these games at some point you see that while we do get graphical improvements over time, every release feels more like a map pack upgrade instead. The main problem with this game is the maps pretty much suck on multiplayer. You always have someone spawned in 2 inches behind you or 2 inches in front of you. It's very much like shooting fish in a barrel. The bright spot here is zombies mode. it's well done and a lot of fun. However Zombies is just a mode, not a full game. I can't give it a good rating for just that mode. So for now, BLACK OPS 3 is the best COD to be playing for now. I recommend you skip Infinate warfare as its not a very good offering in the series. Plenty of people are still on Black Ops 3, and you will notice this game has dropped in price by half while Black Ops 3 is pretty much still full price.
1,The game support is death... I think you can update the last version of the game if you buy this game directly from them or through GameStore or Steam...	I bought this, and I am unable to find the parch or use the seriel code.	The parch the I found are in Russian, so it doesn't work. The main page and the published (Stardock), I can't find any parch. And the Developed page is down, it is not longer exist.	CON:	*You can't PAUSE the game in single mode... thing that is annoying.	*No tutorial, so I have no idea how to start... so you have to figure it out yourself	*No campain	*No level system for any bonus. So every game you start, you start as level 1.	*Comparing with LoL, when you are death, you can buy and check stuff on the shop, but in Demigod, you can't. You just sitting there like dump and watch the time go to 0.		PRO:	* Graphy?	* I can't think of any other yet... might come back to edit it, if I find some.		NOTE: I don't have any problem with the seller. The seller was great!! The game arrived very fast, in just few days! I don't dough to come back to buy other stuff from him/her.
1,DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT buy this game for your PC.  It is marked down for a reason.  This game is causing all kinds of problems on many systems; go to UBISOFT.COM and read the PC forums.  You will find many people are in the same boat.  If you have a CDRW drive the game will not even install properly.  Even when I did get it to work (it was beautiful by the way) it froze my entire system and my computer is not even a year old.  I have a GEFORCE 4 card with updated drivers and it still crashed.  Save yourself the headache and get it for a gaming platform like XBOX; you spend a few extra bucks but it is worth it.  I couldn't return my copy so I sold it to some kid.  You have been warned!
1,This sucks. My son was kind of excited to start playing it (age 6) it is a hidden objects and simple puzzles type game. He played for 1 to 2 evenings and beat it! He is NOT an experienced video game player. I don't even remebered what I paid maybe $5-7 for it and I wouldnt recommend it for more than $1-2. Just not worth the hassle.
1,In my humble opinion save your money on this one.  They're not the best headset Turtle Beach has to offer!  Go a little bit cheaper and get the PX22s.  Those are by far so much better than these for pc gaming!
1,This is the third game over the last 6 months that I planned to buy and will not from limited installs and other DRM crap making me, someone who has never pirated, feel like a thief with no rights!		I am voting with my cash and not buying this or any other game that limits my installs!
1,I absolutely loved the first part of the game, no problems there.		However, many later classes just make earlier classes obsolete. You have to level up everyone with the monk class to get max HP. You have to grind for hours at the best training spot, and it takes ages even at mid-55. You lose character skills after switching classes. I also hated the fact monsters can oneshot your party at 9,999HP, no matter what you do, at the end of dungeons that took at least an hour to get to with no saving.		As it is more frustrating than satisfying, I cannot fathom to play this again.
1,Absolutely ridiculous how poorly the PC controls are setup just ruins whatever fun the game might have been, and that wasn't much.	This game is nothing like the original Far Cry.	At least it was really cheap but I sure found out why.
1,forget that this piece of garbage is a GTA clone for a moment...it doesn't even work...it has frozen on me 4 times in a row...unable to get pat 5% of completion due to freezes...inexcusable for a piece of trash that has been out this long to do this...
1,Z Button doesnt work. What a piece of garbage.
1,Let me start off by saying Ive played nearly every lego game and outside of the lego movie game, this one is the worst. The sad thing is there was a ton of potential and it was all squandered with terrible controls and a lazy story. The game is also the buggiest Lego game to date. Certain quests are buggy and the item you need doesn't appear ( black canary aquaman quest), worst yet since some are in the batcave you would have to restart with a new save to fix it.		At other times the game locks up or puzzles don't work as they should. The camera, especially in co op is terrible. My son still loves it but the previous batman games were better and lego marvel was way better.
1,I would love to give this game a better score but with all the bugs, fps drops, crashing and freezing I have given up until the bugs are fixed. poor optimization for pc, it's frustrating to spend money on something you can't even enjoy because the creators are just letting it die. Thanks for unlocking the framerate 2k! now how about you fix all of the other crippling bugs this game has so we can enjoy it?
1,Do not purchase any games with either Steam or Securom (DRM).  These gaming companies want you to pay $60 to basically rent a game (limited installs, cannot resell the game) I will not purchase any games that install spyware/rootkits on my computer and I recommend you do the same.  Be an informed consumer, research what these programs do. There is a reason the companies that publish these games don't offer any information when purchasing these games about securom/steam, they know an informed consumer would never install these malicious and damaging programs. Do yourself and the entire gaming community a favor and do not purchase these games.
1,Game had so much potential and was excited as it was the same creator of the original Fallout games, but this game failed miserably.  Gameplay is rough with a steep learning curve and lack of direction.  So much potential.
1,would not work on my pc
1,I picked up a Kinect and this came bundled with it. Like I said in the title, it's a nice technology demo for the Kinect but it's just not up to Xbox quality for gameplay. It's more like a weak Chuck E. Cheese attraction.	First off, it seems to need the maximum end of the living room size range. Even with one player I had to stand over 8 feet from the sensor. I nearly returned the Kinect because of this. I just don't have much more room than that in my play area and the box clearly shows 6 feet being OK.	Next, the game is just too slow to respond to movements. The handball game is WAY too slow, you have to hit the balls when they're half way down the court for them to track properly. The game where you dodge obstacles while on a raft track requires an irresponsible amount of side to side movement in a ridiculously short amount of time. Even my very athletic stepson couldn't keep up with it without running into walls and tripping and falling into the fireplace. Even when you do it right, it doesn't register your movement, so you have to jump twice as far and twice as high and do everything to the extreme.	If you're the average somewhat soft American and were thinking about buying a Kinect to be a little more active, don't. This game might kill you. "Jocks" only. I had very low expectations for the Kinect technology, and this game hits my expectations right on the head. It barely works and needs a massive living room area.	It does however, come with the demo for Joy Ride, which we enjoyed a bit more. It didn't require nearly as many extreme motions, but all the same, it still didn't feel quite as responsive as I'd like a game control to feel.
1,To much Violence!
1,I love Cradle of Rome 2 and thought that this would give me a little variety.  Cradle of Rome 2 rocks, this one is boring!
1,You know I don't know a lot about this game.  Just thought the kids would like it based on the description.  Unfortunately, I have not known them to use it.  It arrived just fine so happy with the vendor,
1,I was extremely surprised at this games low quality.  I guess it somehow became famous due to the graphics being ahead of its time a few years ago and people use it to brag about benchmarking. The guns are not very accurate at all which is extremely frustrating.  I couldn't even get past the onslaught tank mission on easy-Had to use god mode.  And i'm pretty damn good at most games.  I could have gone back 7-8 saves and done what a guy on youtube does but I wish the game was just more fluid.  I guess i should have known to conserve ammo 10 mins earlier in the mission ::eyerolls::. All of the difficulty settings are pretty much the same.  Graphics are overrated and don't run well on my GTX 460 and dual core 2.9.  And finally, the story line is pretty lame.  Almost no cut scenes, no character development, none of that stuff.  You just randomly shoot asians which normally I think is funny but this time I do not.		Get Just Cause 2 instead.
1,Wii Fit, like all Nintendo Wii (and DS) products, is polished and immaculately presented. Its very approachable and friendly. The Balance Board is a tremendous piece of kit - rock solid and absolutely excellent at what its supposed to do.		As a product dedicated to fitness, though, its pretty lacking. Now, don't get me wrong - it is far better than doing nothing (what I am used to doing), and actually has some nice perks to keep you going (like score tracking and an unlock mechanic). But it doesn't let you customize a workout, and progression advice is minimal. It literally just lets you do whatever activities at any time. Now, I could go to the gym and do exactly the same thing, but I still would want to get some advice from someone or something. Wii Fit doesn't do it!		Another problem is that between activities, you have to stop and navigate menus. It'd be much better if there was a flowchart like menu for setting up workouts so you can go one after the other, keeping the heart rate up. This is a very serious deficiency and I wonder why Nintendo didn't put it in.		All in all, as an introduction to fitness, its pretty good, and at $90 its really pretty affordable if you have a Wii already. but I really hope some other company comes out with a good fitness videogame using the balance board, with more workout and eating tips. That would really be a great thing.
1,I've been reading Spider-Man for over 30 years now, and when I saw this Advertised I thought it was an excellent idea. The actual product has some significant flaws, however. First and foremost is the quality of the books they scanned. Many of the issues, especially from 1962-65, are so tattered and banged up that they'd  be graded 5.0 (out of 10) at best. The omission of the annuals and giant-size issues from the compilation is a curious oversight. And although I understand their desire to not have people printing up copies of their work willy-nilly, stamping "MARVEL" across every single page is distracting and disruptive.		You'd be hard pressed to find a bigger Spidey fan than me, but I can't recommend this software. If you want to read these issues you'd be better off buying physical reprints, which are plentiful and inexpensive.
1,Tried getting used to the controls but just couldn't do it. I tried the other control schemes but none seem to work for me. Online games are laughable and just flat out boring. The story wasn't even worth it. Im looking forward to any updates to make this game more enjoyable, until then I will continue playing COD: 4.
1,Counterfeit DSi. DO NOT PURCHASE
1,THE GOOD: Takes you back to those early days of gaming - frustration and all; cool music, original idea... at the time		THE BAD: Difficulty is insane; why buy this when you can get Zero Mission?		DIFFICULTY: Impossible		The original Metroid introduced us back in the day to a game where exploration was key. Total exploration, without any clues or maps or even so much as a convenient save system (thankfully, this version saves automatically when you die). Now, while this sounds all well and good, the idea with the technology back then, was way ahead of itself. While it's great to provide such an idea, the challenge that went along with it was unpolished, mostly because controls back then just didn't provide an adequate job of what the game was supposed to represent. See the problem is that Samus back then jumped like a bouncy ball, a tap would do a small jump, but holding more than that would cause her to stay in the air longer than necessary, and since she flowed downwards like honey, landing on objects became an incredible trial of a person's frustation levels. This wasn't so bad at first, but once you get into the game and have to start landing on very small platforms, while trying to avoid enemy attacks, AND hitting enemies with your very limited shooting directions (later enemies move into spots which makes them near impossible to even shoot), it was an instant recipe for Anger Management courses that would later come. Now, unlike the remake, Zero Mission, Samus doesn't power up as quickly therefore making the game even unnecessarily harder. At some points you may scratch your head wondering where in the hell you're supposed to go, basically because you may have to blast some random wall you never knew needed to be blasted in order for you to progress.		Though all this is annoying, the graphics were killer at the time and the music is some of the most memorable in gaming history. Of course this all only lasts for so long.		In closing, this game really is unnecessary, because the MUCH better and more balanced Zero Mission is available for only a few dollars more, and this original NES game is unlockable after you beat that game. So this is pretty much a waste of money.		BOTTOM LINE: Buy Zero Mission instead. It's actually, get this, FAIR, and you get more for your money.
1,First I could not get the Xbox360 controller to work right.  Now The Ballad Of Gay Tony freezes when I shoot a seagull and get a star.  If you love playing bug filled games you will love this one!
1,WW2 themed games are in no short supply these days, and the same goes for stealth games.  So it was only a matter of time before someone thought to combine the two - the result is, of course, DEATH TO SPIES.		The game is hard to follow from the get-go - after a forced training session, you are introduced to the "story" which seems to involve you either being debriefed or interrogated about former missions.  You are a spy of some kind, going behind enemy lines in WW2 era Germany to achieve various objectives.		Each level starts you out with a kit of weapons of your own choosing (you can also let the game choose a default starting kit each level).  On each level, you will sneak by enemies to reach an objective, such as a document that needs retrieving, or a prisoner that needs liberating.  You can sneak past guards, or you can overwhelm one and change clothes with him, allowing you to walk right past many of the guards undetected.  You have a standard array of WW2 era weapons - machine guns, grenades, and pistols.  You also have a silenced pistol, which you can use to take out guards without drawing unwanted attention.  Also at your disposal is chloraform and choke wire, with which you can also silently dispose of pesky guards.  The graphics are nice enough, employing the bloom effect that has become popular of late, giving the game a look very reminiscent of BROTHERS IN ARM.		The first couple of levels proceed decently enough, but by the third level I was growing tired of the same basic gameplay and the infuriating controls.  This game is MURDER when it comes to controlling our man.  For starters, you are meant to sneak up on guards and take them down silently - but to do so, you must hit a particular button to go into sneak mode, rather than just holding shift as other games might allow you to do.  Then you must hope your crawling pace will get you to said guard before he decides to turn, to start walking again, or someone else comes into view.  And when you have to subdue a guard in motion, forget about it!		When you do manage to get up to an unsuspecting guard, you can't just hit one button to punch him - you have to hit the action button, which then brings up a menu, from which you have to scroll down to the action you want to take (in this case, stun) and then hit action again!  This is crazy - most of the time, you are trying to hit the guard who has heard you and is starting to turn - the extra two seconds it takes to scroll through the menu means he will complete the turn and spot you.  WHO THOUGHT OF THIS CONTROL SCHEME!  The same problem happens with opening doors.  Go up to the door, press action, select OPEN DOOR, press action again.  By then, the guards you were trying to slip by have turned the corner and seen you!		Once you are spotted, you might as well reload - two shots and you're dead.  Or, which is more often the case, the guards will throw a grenade at you - and they NEVER miss with the grenades!		In the outdoor missions, these problems aren't as pronounced, because you can usually take the guards on one by one.  But indoors is a different story - the guards will be in groups of five or more, so getting them alone is out of the question. Lob a grenade and they will scatter without taking any damage - and then sound the alarm which doubles the guards!		So eventually, you learn the only way to get through a level is to use the silenced pistol and kill from a distance.  Even then, another guard will inevitably see the fallen body and come running.  Most of the time, even if they are running straight at you, they will always stop and look at the body for a second first, which gives you time to try to pop them in the head as well.  On the first level, I took out 7 guards in one spot with this method - YAWN, what fun!		Of course, you have nowhere near enough silenced bullets to take down every guard, and again, indoors they are too tightly packed to use it anyway.  So, ultimately, I'd had enough and stopped playing on the third level.		With more user-friendly controls and a better ability to camoflauge yourself, this might have been a fun game.  But as it is, I can't recommend it at all!
1,I enjoy most PS3 games, even the not so great ones have certain interesting elements, on the other hand this game is boring and just, OK.
1,I normally play shooter, but this one just didn't gave me what I was looking for.
1,I got these for one reason only, pc gaming, and Tritton's website and everyone elses info on these is very old.		They don't work very well, it took hours of searching for drivers to even get them to sound passable for the money.  When I could get game chat to work it would cut out a lot and then not work at all.  I don't know why it's so hard to find something for PC gaming now, which should in all honesty be better then anything for the console as  it's a more linear and open platform.		I'm sure they sound great and work great on the consoles as everyone said, perhaps.		I guess I could have a higher mark for audio quality then most, but I'm just really upset with how much misinformation there is about headsets in general.		I've been through 3 Tritton's that all said good for pc gaming also, and 2 other ones.  I am going to try and find number 6 here, a razer model and see what happens...
1,It came with no case. Just a scratched up disk!!!
1,Pros:  A decently fun addition to the Red Alert series with some fun new units and a major graphics update.  Lots of cute new characters for those who liked the women of the RA series.  Supports high resolution gaming :).  Fun to run it at 1920 by 1200 with all effects set to maximum.  Good graphics compared to many other RTS games I have played.		That all sounds fantastic, but don't lose sight of the short (but VERY SIGNIFICANT) list of CONS:	--------------------------		*Limited Installations mean you don't really 'own' the game, you're just renting it at full price. (if you're buying a retail copy, and not a copy from Steam)		*SecuROM (again, assuming you're getting retail and not Steam) This SecuROM stuff that RA3 will install on your computer before you're able to play is BAD NEWS.  Many people have had serious difficulties with their computers after SecuROM has infested them, and apparently it is not very easy to get rid of once it has infested your computer.		*The RA3 Tanya just wasn't as good as RA2 Tanya.  Kari Wuhrer did a much better job, and the actual Tanya UNIT is not as fun to play with either.  Tanya's range has been reduced to a point where enemy infantry (yes, even conscripts) can now shoot Tanya before she can shoot them.  Tanya is no longer the sort of "hero" unit that, with a small amount of support and a good deal of micromanagement can wipe out whole platoons of enemy infantry and bases with style.  This was a huge negative, as Tanya has played a very central role to the Red Alert universe for several of the Red Alert games now.  Going back to the Kari Wuhrer point though.. Kari was much more "tough" whereas the new Tanya is basically a cheerleader dressed up as Tanya, and she really just doesn't fit the role as well.		*Tanya's guns just aren't as good (or cool) as they used to be.  Looks like she's got some Desert Eagles now or something instead of the classic old .45 colts, and her range has been reduced to a point where she is basically neutered as a unit.  Not cool.  I don't even use her anymore to speak of because of this.		To sum things up, you'll probably enjoy the game, but it just lacked some essential things Red Alert 2 had.  However, I strongly, STRONGLY recommend you purchase the game on STEAM instead of in boxed retail form, since STEAM will not include any of the activation limits or SecuROM malware/trojans/spyware type of crap that will infest your computer if you install the retail version.  I might have given the game 4 stars or so if not for the negatives I listed.  Due to SecuROM in particular, I'm gonna have to give this a measly one star.  If you're considering getting the game on STEAM though, no worries about the DRM concerns I listed as far as I know, so this review in large part wouldn't apply.
1,Bought this game a while back and tried to play, User needs to sign into a Battlenet account or create one. I can't even create an account nor get anywhere with Tech support. It may have to do with Windows 7 or my Norton Antivirus software but the button to create an account never highlights. So, $50 down the tube. Thanks for the great gaming experience!!
1,Can't get it to work!
1,They broke after 2 months of use. There's a severed wire between the headset and the hand controls. I can get the sound to resume by moving the wires around a bit, but they re-sever.		Nice features. Sound quality is OK but not great.
1,I liked this game when i first brought and played it but then i relized its just the same like the other gta games. All you do is run around do what you want carry weapons in your hand shoot people beat up people steal cars the police comes after you and you no the rest. The graphics is nice but that really don't matter its the game play that counts, you can fly a helicopter but the thing is the police just come after you when you fly one and you can't go in not much stores, exept bowling, pool, the bar, clothes store, and thats it. GTA is a really repetive game with the same stuff but different character to play as and different storymode but the rest is the same, so this game is getting boaring not much i really care about this game anymore.
1,horrible warp for shipping, and the case have a terrible smell! i felt headache when i opened this case!	don't waste your money and time!	this seller doesn't even allow buyer go print the return label by click on the "return" on Amazon.com	So i ended up with waiting for this seller's reply on my "return request"	VERY DISAPPOINTED AND HATE IT!
1,This is another PC ported game that is a complete miss. Like some PC ports that end up on the XBOX,they are better than the PC version but not with Soldier Of Fortune 2. This game looks bad graphically and plays terrible with lousy AI. There is no excuse the XBOX is far capilable of more and this is unexcusable game,I thought the PC verison Soldier Of Fortune 2 was bad but this port is worse. However the ported game does get rid of the annoying fog issue like the stupid PC title,so that is one positive. BOTTOM LINE:NOT EVEN WORTH A RENTAL,BUT AS FAR AS BUYING SAVE UP FOR QUALITY GAMES[HALO,DOA3,NINJA GAIDEN,SOUL CALIBUR 2,HALO 2(MID 2004),DOA 4(TBA)]
1,I have no idea how the game is because I bought it from an Amazon marketplace seller and now the "Steam" anti-piracy protection system won't let me play it.		I went to the Steam support pages like I was told to, and I read this:		"... you must have a copy of your purchase receipt from within the last 90 days to have the CD Key moved to your account.		"We do not accept receipts from online auction websites or used software vendors. If you do not provide a purchase receipt, Valve will not be able to transfer the CD Key."		I can't believe that anyone accepts this as a reasonable way to sell consumers a game in a box, but I guess they do!		I read a thread on some Half-Life 2 forum where the users were telling a guy not to bother Valve, the software creators, with questions about their policy, but rather just to return his used game to whoever he bought it from.		Unbelievable!		From what I hear, maybe if I send the right person at Valve an actual photo of my box, and wait two months, I might be allowed to play.  However, that's certainly not what the text on the Steam support page says.		If this is really the accepted practice regarding used copies of Half-Life 2, then what is Amazon doing letting their marketplace sellers sell these used copies?		Unbelievable!  How much research is one supposed to do when buying a game?
1,Let's be honest. It really is a suitcase with a good led screen built in. I don't remember if it is led or lcd or some combination. I do know that the picture is hard to set up to get accurate color from PS3 games. The color does not have enough settings for my taste and everything seemed to be too bright or too dark. I had to adjust in game brightness and television brightness. It would be great if they send some sort of color and adjustment set up wizard disc. Wouldn't it?		The remote control is almost a joke. I am seriously glad to have it, but it has to have direct line of sight, so you have to aim over the console sitting in the box and the buttons are just furiously unresponsive. Come on bluetooth remote? Anyhow.		Overall, it is nice to have your own screen to play your games on. My Vizio Razor is so much more colorful and vibrant and has a faster response time than this screen and that 22" only cost me $100@@. This one is obviously three and a half times that cost. But this was in a hard suitcase... Really.		Getting back on to subject. The response time does seem to lag a little bit. Even for a smaller screen the lag is still visible. I think they really should have put a little more money in to the quality of monitor purchased for this, considering the cost to the consumer and also considering the type of consumer who is wiling to lay this much money down for a game screen in a suitcase may be a bit picky about what kind of screen it is.		So yes. I really do think this is more of a complaint than a promotion on what I think about the case. The case itself is great and durable, but at the end of the day, I was more or less paying for the screen with the case as a sweet bonus for me.		I put both my Xbox360 Slim and two types of PS3 slims into this case. The new PS3 Super Slim does not work well with this case due to needing to unstrap and restrap the velcro multiple times while playing to get discs in and out. I recommend the older slim just for that reason(even at the cost of the extra weight).		So, if you have the extra cash and you can't get an LCD of your own to play on wherever your intended destination is maybe buy it.	Otherwise, pass.		The screen is not worth the cost in a whole. The remote lacks response. They should have thrown the PGE Battle Bag in for FREE for this price. I would wait for the price to go down. Or get a Super Slim LED and slip it into a bag with a towel around it ! : )'		That's my opinion.		GAEMS, I want some of my money back.
1,As much as I wanted to relive a piece of my childhood on the vita, I simply cannot recommend the vita port of the jak and daxter collection.		The frame rate of jak 1 is truly abysmal, to the point where I haven't even touched jak 2 and 3 as a result. I wish a patch would be issued to address the glaring frame rate problems with this collection.	But until then I cannot recommend this collection to anyone in the slightest.		Mass media is responsible for this port of the original jak and daxter experience on the vita. But they are also responsible for the ratchet and clank collection on the ps vita as well, which has very minimal issues at the most.		Clearly incompetence is not the issue here. So what is?		On the positive side of things the audio is very crisp, but it does very little to make up for the terrible frame rate.
1,The game looks fine, but it doesn't work. I bought 6 games from this seller, 5 of which did not work.
1,Didn't really see a performance difference? I guess it's mostly for aesthetics... Cause it's definitely not worth the price tag unfortunately.
1,On the upside, it is very Lovecraftian.  Original graphics.  But, Not much investigating going on.  No need to read clues, just start shooting the badguys, open doors, pull levers to solve the same gay puzzles on every other game, and on and on an on without any development in the plot.  Innsmouth is less like a town, and more like a straight alley.  Start here, do this, then go here, then do this, and only afterward can you do the next thing, which is just like the last thing you did, and shoot up all the citizens of Innsmouth.  The initial getaway level is decent.  The citizens are breaking in, and you go room to room and out the window and across rooftops, but after that the whole game is downhill.  I recommend Clive Barker's "Undying." instead.  It's not very investigative either, but it feels like more of an adventure, and its just as creepy.
1,Ordered these about 6 months ago. Just got them in the mail today... lol..got lost in the mail..anyway, not sure what to do with these things considering that mouse is dead and long gone by now.		overall, not sure if i would order again. took 6 months to get it, and product looks subpar in quality. maybe its because it was lost. who knows.
1,This is just a port of 2025. Love all the EDF games, but I wouldn't have paid this much money to play edf 2025 on ps4.	Has errors trying to autosave, physics feel worse since bodies won't move out of the way like they used to, and cave missions are made almost completely black unless you have an air raider with you.	Really disappointing and feels like I was tricked with the hope that this was a new game.
1,Maybe I just got a bad one, but this thing doesn't hold the remotes properly.  You have to fiddle with them quite a lot to get the red light to come on to show they're charging.  The gamepad part has never been a problem.  It's frustrating for my kids - and therefore frustrating for me.
1,state of emergency - PS2 games get worse and worse. it is only fun for the first 15 minutes or so, then you can just throw it away or burn it on the camp fire.
1,Cheap wuality
1,I have played the first three and found them enjoyable. From what I have seen, I am not real thrilled with this one, and even less thrilled with the fact that they could not put it on a disk. Their downloads are extremely slow, even after making sure the firewall allowed it. After I did that, it started out at 14 mbps, but fell off to 1 - 2 mbps. I have Fiber Optics for an Internet connection and my rig is running an i7 6700k CPU, 16 gb of Ripjaws 4 DDR4 RAM, EVGA GTX 1080 FTW GPU on an ASUS Z170 Pro Gaming Motherboard and Samsung 1Tb 850 EVO SSD for storage. I started the installating at around 4:30 yesterday afternoon and it was finished about mid morning this morning. After all that, it is unplayable. Buying this game for a PC is a total waste of money and will remain until the idiots realize that PC games are to come on Disks, NOT this crap. There are issues with the cloud ( failure to connect ) and will not play and save locally. Admittedly, I had the same issue with GoG in so far as the cloud saves, but it does save locally, so no problem. Should I have to do an uninstall, I would just have to move the save files to another drive. There are NO issues with Steam, in that regard and both Steam and GoG have fast install speeds. I can install about 5 Bethesda games in my Steam Library in about 3 hours. The Witcher 3 in my GoG Library is 34 Gb or so and doesn't take a lot of time. I would NOT recommend buying this for the PC, as from my experience it wioll be a waste of money and unplayable. EA has ruined the gaming experience with this crap they are doing. All the other games were on disk and when I installed them, they were added to the appropriate library, and I just reinstall from there.
1,Pros: You kinda get to play your fav Capcom and SNK characters like Yu-Gi-Oh Duel Monsters.		CONS: Not very intuitive because the translation was poorly done. I couldn't figure out how to pay the 'cost' of some cards.		Some cards didn't even have their 'magic' like effects cleary stated.	 So I just quit. Its fustraiting.	I'm glad I only paid 6 bucks for this trash. The only thimg this crap is good for is a trade in at GameStop.		Otherwise don't waste your time or money.
1,It doesnt work with retro bit trio. Which is lame.
1,why does playstation have the worst games  they are not game devolpers nintendo has better games
1,The disc is all scratched up and didn't work		UPDATE: The game works fine when playing, but on the GameCube disc selection screen it takes a few tries before it'll actually read/play/work.
1,Shadow Warrior started with an interesting premise but falls flat quickly as the controls become confusing and enemies become monotonous. Also, maps are not designed well so you are forced to search all over the map which looks the same in many places. Would not recommend.
1,Baby's 1st MMO. That's basically what it is.		* Game mechanics, skill sets, gear enhancement opportunities and build options have all the depth of a damp washcloth. Group mechanics? Nope! Class specific roles? Nada! Class specializations? Nuh-uh! There's only three things you need to remember to be "good" in GW2 and those three things are D, P, and S. That's it.		* The AI cheats like no game you have ever seen before.		* PvE so-called commanders try to dictate the activity that takes place on certain PvE maps and there's no shortage of people perfectly willing to be led around by the nose by these people. Fortunately, this sort of thing has dropped off a lot lately. Unfortunately, Arenanet had to remove every champ-level mob from every starter map to stop the stupid level 80s from farming them in a giant loop, demanding that no one else try to take them on until the farming grouped, dubbed the noob train, got there. This resulted in a massive amount of toxicity in chat and a general hatred of one group of players toward another. Not surprisingly, these noob trains were always being led by one of the aforementioned so-called PvE commanders, at least one  of which was actually reporting players for not doing what he (a random nobody) said.		Regardless how how shallow and boring the game is, this "commander" stupidity is my biggest beef with this game. It's a pretended authority that anyone can have by simply BUYING the commander status. There's no requirement to being one other than having enough gold to buy the stupid thing and it means absolutely nothing. It isn't like Aion where you have different player ranks that are EARNED and have to be maintained based on your PvP activity and level of involvement in certain major aspects of the game. Nope, it's a status that's based purely on your purchase of it.		Now they even have a free similar status called Mentor that people try to use exactly like the commander status. Everybody gets this for free with the expansion and I like to call the people that use this one "welfare commanders".		At any rate, this is a pretty junk game. If you try it, just pick whatever class you like best. It doesn't really matter because the only substantial difference in them is the names of their skills and their animations. Other than that, all the classes and all their skills are essentially identical to each other. Any significant difference is just a facade and the entire game boils down to a max DPS zerg-farming affair. Even the abysmal dungeon instances are simply nothing more than DPSing down waves of stupidly OP mobs that cheat like crazy, one by one, until they're all dead.		The game is laughably bad unless you're actually looking for a super casual easy-mode MMO.
1,cd Dragonball Z: Burst Limit - Playstation 3 not only get the case. amazon gentlemen please return my money or send me the cd of the game. It was a gift for my son to open the case there was no cd. that dececcion. and the 2nd time it happens with game play 2. I need it resolved my situation. I await your prompt response but thanks.
1,no comment...
1,Game was broken, wouldn't load up at at.
1,These were not official Sony PS2 component cables as advertised.
1,The camera and controls in this game are just infuriating!  Im constantly fighting against the cameras idiotic smarts to be able to actually see what I need to see.  Theres no way to adjust the terrible thumbstick sensitivity curve (huge dead zone, right up to about 90% of the way toward the edge, at which point your character starts tip-toeing, and then at about 95% he just goes into a full sprint).		It makes me really sad that The Last Guardian is so frustrating to play, because the boy and the animal are very lifelike and the story starts off kinda cute... but the controls and camera truly ruin it, and the entire gameplay concept is just plain frustrating.  Its like they were trying to do something kinda like Rime but just didn't offer the right balance of hints/cues versus non-obviousness, so its just brick wall scenario, be frustrated for half an hour while randomly stumbling around watching nothing happen, accidentally discover what you need to do through blind luck, move on to the next brick wall scenario.  Ugh.  Games are supposed to be fun, but The Last Guardian is just torture.
1,This game is awful. It's extremely outdated I can even believe this game was backed by tell tale. There is no storyline and it's extremely genetic. You basically just roam around looking for resources to make weapons and clothes. And every now and then you are attacked by a zombie. That's pretty much it. It's like something out of the 80s as far as PC games go. Just awful.
1,This review will be very brief because I only played the game for like 10 minutes and then turned it off. I was so disappointed in this game because the controls and graphics are terrible. The graphics look like a psp with a 3d element thrown in and the controls are horrid. First of all with the controls, they should have added a virtual joystick on the touchscreen like they did for the Iphone and the upcoming game the conduit for 3ds. It's just to clunky using one joystick for movement, aiming and four face buttons for the camera. All I know is that I've been very excited for the resident revelations game coming out, but to be honest if it has this control setup then I will return the game and sell my 3ds and get a NGP. I just hope and pray that gaming companies find a solution to the control issues with games of this ilk, or else look for some mediocre games in the future; Including resident evil revelations and mercenaries.
1,I wish I could tell you just how much I loved playing Diablo.  The gameplay was fresh, addictive and entertaining, while the setting was made even more enthralling by the graphics which were, at the time, gorgeous.  It was simple, it was easy and it was very accessible.  I wasn't as much of a fan of Diablo II, but at least that was fun to play at LAN parties.		Hellgate: London is the worst of the series without the best.  The click happy gameplay hasn't much changed, but the setting is not nearly as interesting and the graphics are INCREDIBLY dull.  Now, dull graphics would be ok, except there are times when it still reduces my system to a drooling moron at parts.  The dialog is fairly well written, but it's lacking the sort of voice acting that made the lore and story of Diablo so interesting to learn about.  At the very least, they could have recorded dialog for the main characters, but instead all they have are NPC greetings which, after hearing for the 20th time in one night, you'll wish had not been included in the game.		All of this would be acceptable were it not for the lame skill trees, random level generator that seems anything but, weak story and nothing but recycled quest goals. On top of that, they no longer allow LAN only multiplay.  If you love playing slot machines, get this game.  Otherwise, save yourself the RSI and get a game that'll be addictive AND fun.
1,My god how lame. Not even a good hack and slash game , not even close. Same lame encounters and orcs over and over. Cries of " Your a coward" when it is 15 on 1 , and you have to fall back from the numbers game. Total waste of time , the mini quests stuff , even lamer. One of the dullest games I played since Skyrim. Sloppy work and programming. And before you people try to rip me apart , I been playing video games since they was invented , and played thousand games during the near 40 years. And don't bother email or respond to my review I won't read them.
1,The item sold under this listing by the seller 'cyberlink' is not a cable for the original xbox. I'm not sure what the cable is for but can say with total certainty that it's not for the original xbox.	Maybe this has changed since my order, maybe it was just a one time mistake but I'm not even sure if the main photo for this listing shows a component cable for the original xbox.
1,I'm gonna start this review off with the positives, since I'll be done with them faster.		The visuals are outstanding, the car list is solid (although I can think of 3 cars that don't need to be in the game), load times are quick, the UI is easy to navigate, and you can "teleport" (fast travel) to the garage or to any mission/event right off the bat.		The visual customization is good, and performance upgrades are fun and deep. You can upgrade a generous amount of performance parts and tune them all separately for better handling or better drifting. It's not anywhere near Forza or Gran Turismo, but it's more than I've seen in any other arcade racer before.		That's it for the positives. Now on to the negatives, of which there are plenty.		For starters, the game is always online, meaning even when you're playing the career mode you are connected to a server where other players populate your map along side the AI drivers. This is problematic for multiple reasons;	1. You can't pause the game at all. When you pull up your map or go into settings, your car drifts off while you're fumbling with the options, crashing into walls and other vehicles.	2. Players can crash into you while you're in the middle of an event. Basically if I feel like being a D-Bag, I can crash into you purposely to ruin your progress in a time trial, or give the AI cops an advantage against you.	3. You'll experience stuttering, frame rate drops, and lag where none of that should effect you at all.	Always online is as needless as me telling you it's needless, but it's in here and it hinders the experience.		The game's "plot" (what little implementation of a plot there is) is terribly conveyed through disgustingly bad FMVs ala NFS: Most Wanted (2005). The actors are B list at best and the writing is atrocious. The first several scenes aren't skipable, and what's worse than that is the fact that there are more unskipable scenes thoughout the career.	The game's characters are constantly calling you, but none of the calls are important. I end up answering calls just to hang them up immediately so that I can stop that annoying vibration noise that happens, and it happens way too often. Some calls are even just random conversations between two or more characters that you listen in on like some creep, which have absolutely nothing to do with you or even racing, for that matter. I don't need to know that two characters are dating and they are having problems with communication.		NFS takes way too long to put you into a car, and once you're in a car the first few races are arbitrary "follow the leader" & "meet us at this place" events that last about 30 seconds each and lead to more unskipable FMV scenes. When you're driving, there are intrusive tutorial instructions that pop up mid-screen, even during races.  It's just in your way until you dismiss it, and since the game never pauses, you'll just have one more distraction you need to worry about during a race.		By the time you're able to buy your first car, you can't even customize it right away, and what's weird is it's already customized for you, quite terribly (turquoise zebra print rear bumper?). You have to finish several races before you're able to make your car look the way you want.		The visual mods are great, but not without problems. Setbacks, rather.	For starters, you can't move the camera while customizing. If you want to see what a particular part looks like from different angles, you have to buy and equip that part, back out of customization, and choose the "view car" option to have free reign over the camera. Not game-breaking by any means, but completely pointless. Why not let me move the camera so I can see what a front bumper looks like from different angles without having to buy it first? Other games have allowed us to do this since the PS1 days.	Playing the game earns you rep and money. Earning rep unlocks different parts for you to customize, while the money you earn allows you to buy those parts. Pretty standard, but the execution is mishandled. You can unlock the ability to customize a specific part without having earned any parts to actually customize.	Example; I got to driver level 9 and unlocked the ability to customize rear bumpers, but I had no rear bumpers available to purchase for my Civic, so I still couldn't customize my rear bumper. I understand the concept of unlocking more parts  as you play, but why not at least have one bumper option available at the start? By the time I got to level 21 I just sold the Civic to buy a Lancer EVO, and when I went to rear bumpers I had one immediately available! Only one, but better than none. Some cars can't customize certain parts. Why? I couldn't customize fenders on the EVO. Why?! I sold the EVO to get a Skyline and I could finally buy fenders for the Skyline. Why not my EVO? I don't get it. Why is there an option to buy a sound system? That seems like a totally pointless waste of money in a racing game, and the soundtrack is bad so I really didn't want to make the in-game sound quality of the music any better. Probably the most stupid thing I've encountered in this game, or any racing game is that you must purchase front and rear rims separately! I sold my EVO to buy a Skyline, I upgraded and modded it as much as I could and when I wanted to mod my rims I found out that I just spent my last $500 purchasing only FRONT rims. I need to spend another $500 to buy another pair of those rims for the back two tires. Basically, every rim in this game is double the price of what it actually says. Why?!		How does a developer of a triple A game in a triple A franchise owned by a triple A publisher let something so stupid happen? That's the question I'm asking myself about a lot of the decisions in this game.		For instance, performance upgrades you earn by winning races can only be claimed by ONE car in your garage and if you decide to sell that car, you sell those parts with it and cannot claim them for any other car. You have to earn them for each individual car.		The garage only allows you to own 5 cars total, which is needlessly restrictive, but even then, the game heavily incentivizes you to use one car for your entire playthrough. The career is so short that you earn just enough money to customize one car the way you want it, but not enough money to buy other cars and customize them the way you want in a single playthrough, so you'll most likely not be using up those 5 car slots.		The problem is the career gets so repetitive halfway through with the small variety of gameplay options, that the latter half feels like a grind as opposed to a rewarding, naturally progressive experience. There's no reason to keep playing the game after the initial story ends because you're so sick of doing the same crap over and over for such little reward. In other words there's little replay value, if any. And online doesn't help. It's the same stuff I just talked about but instead of racing AI, you race real people, which doesn't solve any of those problems.		To make matters of low replay value even worse, there are only 31 trophies, and they're pretty easily attainable. Everything about this game comes up short.		There are 5 styles of racing; speed, style, outlaw, crew, and builder. There's no incentive to play a certain style because choosing one style doesn't earn anything exclusive. You just play how you would play even if the game didn't shove 5 styles in your face at all times, and you earn most of the same stuff regardless. You don't earn drift-centric mods for completing "style" events with Manu, nor do you earn power-centric mods for completing "speed" events with Spike. There's no pursuit tech like there was in Rivals, so choosing "Outlaw" with what's-his-name is also rewardless. The only exception is that some performance mods are locked until you complete certain events with Amy, the "builder" of the crew, so if you want to fully modify your car you'll mostly be playing builder events.	The worst events in the game are the "crew" events with Robyn. They're all the same events as the other styles, but you have to complete them with a crew, and you're teathered to them. If you are too far ahead of Robyn, you won't earn any points, so I found myself stifling my speed in order to let her catch up. I thought this was a racing game, not a babysitting simulator. Same with falling too far behind. This is the one instance where rubber band AI doesn't work, for some reason. If you crash, she'll be way too far ahead to catch up, and all the drifting you do won't get you points toward the event because you're "not with your crew".		The gameplay itself is pretty good, although a little more wishy washy than NFS Rivals (a game I am still thoroughly enjoying), and the checkpoint system during races is still very unhelpful; not nearly as good as Midnight Club. I constantly needed to take my eyes off the road to look at the map in the bottom left corner of screen so I can prepare myself for any turns. It's so easy to miss turns and fall behind because the racing line doesn't stand out very much and will easily blend in to the ground, so you end up losing track of it.		There is no option to restart an event once you've finished it. You have to either drive all the way back to the event marker or go into the map to teleport there, then start the race again. When you want to start a race, you have to make almost a complete stop, be at a specific area around the marker, and be facing a certain direction to even initiate it. In Midnight Club I could be speeding 200MPH and still initiate an event with the press of a button, and I can be coming from any direction, to boot.		Races take place during dusk, dawn, or midnight. Now it makes sense that traffic would be scarce during these times in real life, but this is a game. As if the environment weren't dull enough, the little amount of traffic makes the city feel even more lifeless, no matter how much it rains. Sure, there are less instances of running into random traffic and ruining a perfect run, but a lot of the fun in arcade racing games comes from weaving through traffic at high speeds. There isn't much of that here. Rubber band AI is antiquated, and the AI drivers are dirty enough to make up for the lack of traffic annoyances mentioned earlier. Even the slightest bump against a car or barricade negates your drift score, so if AI runs into you, you lose all your points for that drift even though it was their fault. You get all the controller-smashing "C'MON, THAT CAME OUT OF NOWHERE!" moments without the fun and excitement that comes with precision handling through a busy intersection.		There are gas stations you can drive through, but driving through them does absolutely nothing. Whereas, in previous NFS games, driving through gas stations would refill your Nitrous and other resources. Why would they take this out?		Hidden "collectibles" are strewn throughout the city, but are so lame; Take a snap shot of an abandoned train station...? Do some doughnuts at this spot! Now do some doughnuts here!	Usually you would be rewarded for finding all the collectibles with maybe a car, some money, or some exclusive physical modifications, but here you only get 100 rep points per collectible. There are about 60 collectibles in the game, give or take, so you get about 6000 rep points for taking the time to collect them all. You can get 6000 points or more for completing any easy-difficulty event in less than 5 minutes, and you get paid, too.		Pursuits are not challenging or fun, they are easy to escape, and are not very exhilarating or immersive, mainly due to the fact that there is very little terrain variety. I played the game for 6 hours and came across no jumps, no shortcuts, and no off road tracks. Plus, I mostly fast travelled everywhere due to the fact that the collectibles are pointless and the environment is boring, so I rarely got caught in a random pursuit. I was mostly in pre-planned pursuits that were part of events, and if I didn't lose the cops by the time the race ended I would go easy on them so I can rack up higher heat levels and get more rep. If I actually tried to get away, the pursuit would end in less than 2 minutes.		The thing that baffles me about this game is Ghost takes such steps back from other games which came before this, even other games in the NFS series! I had hopes for this game. Not high hopes, but still hopes, nonetheless. It's definitely not worth the full retail price of $60. I would rent it just to get your own taste. Maybe you will like it. Hell, I liked it at times, but Ghost's backwards-ass and plain confusing exclusuions and changes make Need for Speed a true disappointment.
1,if you pay over 200.00 for the first dragoon game you need to understand its only 6 levels so don't spend that much when you can get it for 25.00 everywhere else
1,Graphics are just OK, sound effect are just OK.  The game itself is a bit laggy at times, I'm about 7 hours in and still haven't figured out how to join a faction and without joining a faction I get no good armor, can only update a few specs.  Every mission I have at the moment is putting me against people who can kill me in two to three hits.  I really wanted to love this game but so far it has been a big disappointment.  Now I'm going to search the web for any exploits so I can make my character not suck so bad.		UPDATE:	After many more hours of play (lots) and finding an exploit to make more elexit the game still only gets a 2 star rating.  I FINALLY (at level 18) figured out how to join a faction (after having to google who issues the mission and trying to find out why I couldn't turn it in).  The most frustrating thing I've found with the factions is, I don't like any of the factions.  They all are a bunch of A holes and I would love if my character could destroy all of them.  There are other groups in the game I've met that I would much rather join them if there was an option (but there isn't).  The sound effects still annoy me, it sounds like I'm walking in high heels on a concrete floor when I'm walking in snow at times, the sound seems very late 90's style effects.		Since I have leveled my character up a bit it is nice that I can finally attack many enemies and actually do some damage but until you get decent armor (and even then still) you take so much damage from enemies it makes we wonder why I'm wearing armor at all.  I do love the openness of the world but there are still the frame rate lag issues, I've fell through the world a few times, had my companion stuck in the air, and speaking of companions, they are almost completely worthless.  I can be getting wailed on and much of the time they just stand there or they shoot the ground, a rock or whatever.  The AI really needs an upgrade.  These are the dumbest people on the planet that are joining you.  Will still keep playing it since it cost me a bit of money, that is the only reason I'm still playing it.
1,Sorry to say Very boring game
1,Not worth the money. It doesn't recognize the component setting on the ps2, only the standard composite. I was using it for a scart to hdmi converter box hopping for a nice up convert and it didn't work very good. Pass on this.
1,IM sorry to say I have to give a bad rating because the game just would not play as if it were blank the company would do well to check the games before they sell them if I didn't test or check things before I work on my clients I would lose clients. Also I threw away the bag thinking there was no need for it so I couldn't return it and my kid was really upset. PLEASE test you Games before Selling Sheesh!
1,There are serious problems with this remote:		* Keys are placed in non intuitive locations; even the most important ones (play, stop, pause) are located in a completely illogical order (not to mention back/forward chapter and fast/slow scan). As a result, it is nearly impossible to use the remote in the dark, unless you memorize the position of several buttons. Consider that I also often use the "languages", the "subtitles" and the "display" buttons. I don't understand how Sony can have achieved to engineer something like this, with several good examples of remotes on the market (even by Sony itself!) they could have easily copied.		* The batteries last very short. My first batteries lasted just 4-5 months. The batteries on my TV IR remotes, always by Sony, normally last 3-4 years or more.		That said, it is much better to control the blu ray discs with this toy than with the Sixaxis.
1,This review is for the PC version of DC Universe Online.		I was really looking forward to this game - January is the best month for playing an mmorpg (twenty below and four feet of snow), and this new superhero game looked pretty awesome in the game trailers. Well, the graphics are pretty nice. The cities, like Gotham and Metropolis, are beautifully rendered, and the game maps look good too. Haven't had any weird 'toon behavior (like getting stuck in a wall or falling through a map), and no game crashes - although I've been kicked from the server a couple times for unannounced server shutdowns. The "Acrobatics" travel power is pretty cool too, your 'toon climbs walls just like Spiderman, and glides off tall buildings like Rocky The Flying Squirrel (from Rocky and Bullwinkle).		My primary beef is the user interface. With no mouse cursor on the game screen, clicking on objects, contacts, doors, and enemies, is unintuitive. Can't even move chat or inventory windows. The chat interface doesn't appear to be accessible while on the game screen either (there may be a way, but the only way I've accessed it is by opening the chat screen, which takes you away from the task at hand). The key mapping isn't so great either. There is no "run" button (nor is there an available command to allocate a "run" button), so you have to hold down the forward button to go - even for long monotonous flights all the way across the city. The PC version of this game plays almost like it was designed exclusively as a console game, and ported for PC at the last minute.		If you want to play a Superhero/Villain mmorpg, and you've never played City Of Heroes/Villains, buy that game instead. Statesman and Lord Recluse may not be household names like Batman or Superman, and Paragon City isn't quite as graphically stunning as Metropolis, but the game-play and chat interfaces are a heck of a lot more user friendly. Plus, you won't find a more customizable character creation interface in any current game!		Sorry, Sony/Warner/DC - but there's no way I can recommend the current PC version of DC Universe Online.
1,This is my third Razer mouse although they make great mice, however i cant say the same about their reliability, these should be higher end for the price they're sold, but unfortunately they don't last long, well not as long as Logitech mice did, almost 8 months of use will start the famous double click problem with probably any Razer mouse, its all over youtube, i wish Razer would work more on the quality and reliability of their products instaed of the huge marketing campaigns they run, i cant say that am ever buying Razer products anymore, not for my self and not for my customers, although all my gaming gear is from them and almost all my shelfs have their products listed, i will surely move to a better company, maybe back to Logitech
1,As everyone else, this guitar is NOT WORKING ANY MORE!!! I'm prety upset because I have 5 FrontMan guitars and CANT USE THEM.		They are not working with the new PS3 UPDATE.		They are complete garbage now.		They used to work great and I had a lot of fun with them, NOT ANYMORE!!		Don't buy this!!!!!!!!!!
1,I have no idea how this product got 3 or 4 stars, after removing it from the box and attaching it to the back of my PS4 console was not the problem, the problem is that this device just does not properly fit and stay connected to the console. when ever I tried to get it on and just barely moved my console to a proper position the cooling fan just came off and would not stay on the back. If it was not for that everything else is as exactly as advertised and would give it 4 or 5 stars. I would not recommend this to anybody.
1,i bought this game and played it for 20 minutes and then switched back to GOW. tryied online and no fun there either. characters looks like stupid mice and have to keep on recharging urself before you can fight. not fun. sold back to EB games . I would say its not even worth renting.
1,Hi I'm autistic adult gamer...		Personally I think they could of done better with the game and graphic's on Imagine: Babyz.  This game is not worth the 30 dollars I paid for it new unfortunately I could not find this game used heaven's know I which it was used.  It's frustrating but eventually you figure it out.  This game is not really worth it though if anything it's creepy I mean a babysitter who just stay's in the house all day with a stork on the chimney yeah a just a little creepy.		Save your self the money and just get Imagine: Babysitter's the graphic's and gameplay are way more better than this one.
1,Bought this for our families main desktop for Christmas 2015.  It worked fine until about August when it started to have issues with the left mouse button.  It has been getting progressively worse since then.. meaning the CLICK is becoming less and less responsive.  Currently the mouse is almost unusable as you have to click it with some good force to get it to respond.. not a desirable feature for gamers!!!		I guess I will be chalking this one up to the "get what you pay for" category, since I got it on a lightning deal for $8.. shouldn't be too surprised it lasted less than a year..		We also bought a cheap wireless mouse at the same time for our laptop, and it died after 6 months..the scroll wheel stopped working.		TL/DR.. don't buy discount, off brand, cheap Chinese plastic crap electronics
1,Before you buy it do a search on the "Red Ring of Death" (RRoD), Or just anything about "flashing red lights" and "xbox 360". They should put a warning in their ads or something. I got the RRoD, I know a few people who got the RRoD, and I don't really know too many people with an xbox 360. Based on that and just all the other people an internet search will show have gotten the problem, makes it seem to me like a common problem. Basically if you see those lights there's something wrong with your system and you can't play it. Sure there is a 3yr warranty to fix it, from what I understand only for the 3 red lights. Only 1yr for the 2 red lights, supposed 'overheating' fault, which I eventually got during a 10min game session and continue to get every once in a while. Even still with the warranty you have to send your system in to get it repaired or replaced with a refurbished system, which takes about a month to get resolved. It's pretty annoying paying so much for a system and not being able to play it. The problem is common enough I'm not putting any more money into their system. All I'm trying to do is warn you of something I didn't know, other than that the quality of it's games is fine. Same old same old, just flashier graphics, as expected. I'm just frustrated with Xbox and I'm going to try and not spend any more money on Xbox and save up to get a PS3. If you're looking for something new and original get a wii, other than that for graphics and more mature games get PS3. Anyways I just think people should know the risks they're taking, maybe by now the problem has been addressed with a better answer than a warranty extension, but I'm just telling you my experience.
1,Much like everyone else, I was excited when UPS delivered my release-date copy of Diablo 3. After the install, I had to exit to create a battle.net account. Then had to exit to update my video driver, but finally I was set to play. I strong-armed my college-aged son for a little all-night monster bash, and we jumped right in. I wasn't overjoyed by the simplified character development, but overall it's a new version of my all-time favorite game. Simple and easy interface, gorgeous environment, etc.	That crashes. And keeps crashing.	Then the servers stop. And stop again.	So - this might be the best game of the decade, but if noone can play it since the servers are down - what difference does it make? Would have saved me a few hours if at install time it popped up saying "Don't bother, you can't play. Just wait a month or two for Torchlight 2"	Oh, and I agree with all the other comments about no offline single-player mode. Absolutely stupid. Even when the servers are back up. It means that if I lose my internet connection, no game.	And, since their support forums are now down as well, no-one can hear the players scream!
1,Lame. Nothing like the other Black ops games. Story mode is futuristic. and not worth playing mulitplayer.
1,The game is really bad, I was expecting something way better compared to the first 3 games. Story-wise this game is totally unnecessary. Plus, Kratos's figure is poorly done. I don't recommend it, but if you still is going to buy it, buy the normal edition. The collector's edition isn't worthy the price.
1,I found it very boring
1,I expected higher quality graphics and for the price a lot more game.  I'm still forcing myself to play it but I purchased Midnight Mysteries: Devil on the Mississippi and I can't stop playing that one.		This is not my favorite and if it wasn't for all the positive feedback, I probably would have skipped it.
1,I'd like to state that I'm not a big fan of this type of game, but that being said, this does not somehow invalidate my opinion of this game.  I've played a lot of video games during my life, and I think I can give an honest opinion of a game as it compares to the many other outstanding titles that I've played throughout.  That being said, I gave this game a fair chance and approached it with an open mind.		I'll start with a few praises before I get to my criticisms of this game.  Whoever created this game put a lot of love into it.  They created a unique fantasy world with some beautifully crafted cut-scenes.  I understand that this is part of the reason that people like this game, but a game should be more than just pretty cut-scenes.  This leads me to my criticisms.		Let's start with the story.  It's long, and although I bought the game as a time-waster, it just goes on and on without developing the characters or furthering the plot.  Another HUGE drawback for me are the overt Christian messages in the game.  There is a big bad monster called Syn (I know, subtle, right?) and the main character has crosses all over him.  The whole point of the game is "How to defeat Syn" this bad monster, and they talk on and on about how Syn is bad and they must follow the righteous path.  I mean, if this game was put out by a fundamentalist Christian church it would be about as subtle.		Let's move on to gameplay.  I realize that the game is a turn-based RPG, and although this old style of gaming is definitely not my thing, I knew what I was getting into with it, and cannot fault it for what it is.  What I can fault it for is an absolutely awful learning curve.  What I mean by this is that most games introduce a concept, let you practice it a bit, and then move you on to the game.  In this game, I died during the very first battle, and while this might not be a big thing in most games, for Final Fantasy X, it meant having to go through the entire beginning of the game again, long cut-scenes and all.  Suffice to say, I got past that and finally made it to a save point, but the "repeat it all, including the long, dull cut-scenes" aspect happens often, especially if you let your characters die.		The other aspect of the steep learning curve that is frustrating, is they give you a bunch of directions, then just throw you into a situation.  There is some game called "Blitzball" in the game.  It's kind of like water polo.  At some point you know you're going to play because they give you a long list of commands about playing the game.  Instead of gradually letting you practice, they just give you a list with about 14 tutorials.  I read all the tutorials, and instead of putting me into a practice blitzball game, I went on a quest to save the priestess.  When I returned (after about 30 minutes of gameplay and dialogue) I was put into the blitzball finals...which might have been easy for my character, but for me, this was the first game I ever played.  It was weird.		The same strange complexity and lack of explanation is involved with equipping and leveling up your character.  Instead of just increasing a character's magic, there is this spiral maze, and you have move points and...I don't know.  It's not explained very well.  There was a tutorial early on, but once again, it's not explained very well and then the game just moves on.		So that's my opinion of this game.  It didn't engage me at all.  The characters seemed bland and aloof, and the story was mediocre at best.  I gave it a fair shot, and compared to other games of the era, I would say that this one is not one of the best.
1,What you're looking at is the EU version. The USA version isn't even released yet, that whole west coast dock worker fiasco put the US more than a month behind other regions.		There's probably nothing wrong with the amiibo, but if you're buying this thinking it's the USA release, it's not. The US Amiibo packaging doesn't have a No. XX on it and the name of the amiibo is underneath the game logo (super mario, smash, splatoon).
1,Some of you might be wondering why I am giving this game such a bad review. I have been playing the Sims games since the first games in the franchise beginning with games like Sim Tower, Sim Farm and the first The Sims game came out between 1990 and 2000, and to be clear other than in the sheer quality of the game I am not comparing it to any of them.		Initially I liked this game. The traits helped me create quirky Sims and the open neighborhood was great. I was less than impressed with some of the graphics- lets be realistic while the hood may be great even with a great graphics card mine is a top of the line Nvidia G Series - (one of the best listed in the Specs for the G Series, and I have a 500 GB hard drive, and 4 GB RAM and a 17 inch monitor so that is not the issue) and all my settings on high, the Sims themselves are not so great.		Than EA released their first patch 1.27. At this point I was playing without Mods or CC because there wasn't much out there frankly. The patch was supposed to deal with some issues like the Story Progression that was broken in base game and disappearing inventory items. It didn't, I had to reinstall my game. This pattern has continued throughout patches 1.3, 1.4, and 1.5/1.6.		Recently I purchased World Adventures, removed all my CC and Mods (what few I use cause I don't like cheating) deleted cache files, etc Standard Operating Procedure for installing patches and Expansions in games where there are fan created content and game modifications available. I go to start up the game- patched, newly installed EP, and absolutely no CC/Mods whatsoever, and my lots have disappeared and turned blue, all premade Sims are now homeless, and my Sims cannot interact with NPC"s, premades, or each other. They also cannot go to work, and all car pools and taxis have disappeared.		I tried uninstalling both the base game and World Adventures and putting the last patch to remotely work (1.3) in place for my game and started up the game again with no CC/Mods- which resulted in my not being able to save at all or to use CAS to make Sims, or to access premade Sims on their lots in order to play them. These issues were reported to EA customer service who told me that I needed a better computer ( uhmm well there isn't much better I could get unless I went out a bought a $6000 computer with my own server to boot). Sorry EA the problems with this game are your fail - not mine.		I uninstalled. I will not be reinstalling.		Let me put this simply. This game is poor quality. I never had this type of problems with either Sims 1 or Sims 2, with any of the Expansion or Stuff Packs, or with any of the patches. I will not purchase any further expansions or stuff packs for Sims 3. I also will not be buying any of Electronic Arts other games. This game was a waste of money and I feel foolish on wasting my money on something that was poor quality. I would not recommend this game to anyone.
1,There's a lot of hours of fun in this game. Unfortunately you reach a point when despite your years of experience in MMO's, you finally understand what "grind" means. Here's a basic game rundown for you:		1. Get one character to 74.	2. Run Ramparts on insane over and over to level one of each class leveled to 74.	3. Buy gear at shops. Don't even try to farm an upgrade. Don't buy it if it's not mythical. Don't spend money leveling it if it's not level 100+. I'm not sure if I would level anything under level 150.	4. Run Alchemy labs on insane survival (4 hour + run). Collect all loot and sell between waves. Level your gear with the money gained. Max all your gear. The run is worth 100 million.	5. Once maxed, Uber monster fest (UMF) on insane over and over for... nothing? Solo you'll get pretty much nothing. You need a team of at least 4 to get anything worth keeping. In reality, you'll never get anything worth keeping long on insane mode, but I really enjoy being backed into a corner and shooting at Ogre belly.	6. Either you're really done with this game or you need to decide: Buy hacked gear with USD from the store, or, find an amazing group of folks that have maxed gear and want to carry you through stuff cause they're nice. Those folks will more than likely have hacked 200+ gear already so you'll save yourself a few bucks.		You can save yourself much effort just by doing step 1, then skip to step 6. In the end, it doesn't even matter.		Sadly, this game has some great potential. None of it realized in the current form. It's not an MMO. Why the best stuff only drops with big teams is stupid. Skill and determination should have something to do with gear drops - it doesn't. I've spent less time Raiding than a DD farming/money run.		Combine the above with the most unstable multi-player solution in existence, and I'm surprised anyone even bothers with this game. Trendy. NET decides to kick you out of game randomly, usually this involves Valves Steam service as it's actually running Trendy. NET. Valve doesn't really seem to care. Trendy can't do anything cause it's a Valve problem. The cost to you is hours of effort gone forever as there's no save option.		I'll give this game two stars because it can be really fun the first time through when you're tweaking your strats. Just stop when you finished everything on hard/insane and move onto the next game.
1,Barely fits anything and the item description is unhelpful.
1,EA has managed to insult any player who invested 100's of hours into the series, believing our choices actually would impact the end		instead we get a shallow formulaic Deus Ex rip-off ending that leaves a bad taste in the mouth of any ME fan
1,I am a native English speaker who learned French last year.  THis got me very excited about languages, and I decided I really wanted to learn Spanish.  I thought this Spanish coach would be a great place to start.  And I have to say, for the first 50 lessons, it is a fun and effective way to get into the language.  However, after the first 50 lessons (they take maybe 8 hours to complete and to really feel like you've learned everything in them), the game goes into what it calls the "Open Lessons").  This is how it works:		Starting with lesson 51, you get 10 words per lesson to "master."  You get no phrases, no conjugations, NO GRAMMAR.  The words are seemingly chosen at random, though they are set in the game in that order, so you can't change it.  I went through about 15 of these "Open Lessons" (there are I think 1,000 in the end!), and found them to be utterly ridiculous.  Instead of learning useful vocabulary like "bird," you learn the word for "ORIOLE."  Instead of "to say," you learn "to utter."  Things like that.  Essentially, you learn words that are not used in every day language.  I kept doing the next lesson, certain that things would level out, but each lesson I was presented with words that I can't even imagine using even in English.  I've read similar reviews to mine, and they were right.		I rarely leave online reviews for products, but I felt that I needed to say something about this game.  It really isn't worth the money in the end, and it is a shame because if they put more time into this game they could be much better.  I think the whole series follows this same formula.  They really need to rework these games and re-release them.  I sincerely hope they do!
1,Don't get it. I guess if you are a history nut and really enjoy sims it could work for you. I found the arcade mode really dry, slow, and uninspiring. Very pretty visuals though if you're looking for something to show off.
1,Worst game I have ever played, run and find anything else. Playing dynamic is totally ackward. Keyboard only blows chunks. Seems they did not want to put adequate time into development.  Typical Blizzard. Blizzard's support is crap, like dealing with 15 year olds.
1,Now I hace a beautifull cod case.
1,Just a message to EA.		This is why people like to steal games from the internet and use NO DVD cracks, etc to bypass the protection. Because your method of stealing our money and not giving us anything in return is unacceptable.		Soooooooo, groups of friends andwill continue to steal games...or one will buy a copy and the other 20 of the friends burn copies.		They have good jobs, they make good money...but out of principle and protect to your abusive practices, they bite you back and cheat you in return.		I support that behavior and others should too.
1,All of the reviews are raving about this game.  That's what convinced me to buy it.  I kind of regret doing so.  I find the story novel and interesting, but the gameplay horrendous.  Simply put: it's no fun.  Gunfights are boring.  The real action is too few and far between. It's funny seeing him jog one minute and then randomly SPIRNT a second later.		 It's not a great game because the best part of the story.  Regardless of how great or original it is, the gameplay must be up there.  With this game it isn't.
1,Great graphics, but the game is so bad.		The controller support is a joke. Impossible to hit. So stuck with the old mouse click and keyboard. The teams so un balanced. One team always crushes the other, never a good battle to the end.  Very limited fun things to do in this game, gets boring fast.		Buy another game, don't waste your money here.
1,Not impressed Its like a game that should off came out 5-6 years ago with its graphics. The game play isn't anything new really. Its nothing revolutionary in gaming. The auction house smells like its going to be a pay real monsy for the best gear, which you would have got eventually in diablo 2.
1,I bought this in November and it worked great for the first 7 months.  The last 3 months the fan started making a loud whinning noise . After cycling the fan on/off switch a couple times it would run silent again. Lately the fan won't even run without the loud whinning noise.
1,What a bad game!  Almost as bad as the Terminator games on the NES... almost.		As a green dude you punch guys who are shooting at you from trashcans on city streets.  In the sewer there's pink-shirted jumpy thugs while rats crawl around on the pipes as this unsuitable hyper Asian music plays.  Wow this game is animated very poorly.  On the streets police officers jump down from upper building windows.  Punch them out!  They fly backwards in hilarious fashion.		There's uh... something poking through the wooden fence, hehe.  When you head inside a long haired jumpy woman needs to be shot.  You're now in an x-ray level which means your appearance is that of a skeleton.  What an obnoxious siren sound!  I think it's coming from the rotating robotic head that moves around the area.  You also face other... skeletons		When you make your way down an elevator and enter the subway station more jumpy bad guys are after you (these ones look like knights).  Avoid the gun shots!  Also a bouncy dog is snooping around here.  You shouldn't punch a dog and yet you do.  Jump on top of the trains and punch more poorly animated thugs.  It's funny how the bad guys kick slowly but jump around like mad.  Enemies are so awfully imbalanced or out of place it makes me numb.		I also like how there's people visible inside the subway trains just sitting, but they aren't seeing *any* of the chaos going on right outside?  Yeah I know NES game but still.  It's unintentionally hilarious.  The game company probably shouldn't have made those people.  When the train moves you arrive to the next stage with ladders... lots and lots of ladders.  Same hyper Asian music as before. This stage has chain chomp balls lowering from the ceiling and homeless men with torches.		The final homeless guy tosses his hat at you and it's so awful you can't help but love it!  This ladder stage is overlong and redundant.  In the next stage you've arrived to Mars!  Expect robots and floating heads in a facility-like level... just a few though.  It should be noted enemies are scarce for the most part.  Oh boy more jumpy astronaut-like bad guys.  At least they look nice, perhaps the only compliment I can find!		What in the?  An overhead vehicle stage.  You control a green tank.  No music here- just the sound of your motor.  You shoot the bad guys who are shooting at you while dodging the yellow vehicles.  On land and walking around, prepare to see kittens, boomerang tossing guys and dynamite tossers.  In the cave section guys are throwing fire.  Not nice!  Skeletons rise to the occasion, and boulders fall down stairs.  This game is almost trying to be tolerable now!		A boss fight with a drill bulldozer.  It looks cool but has no interesting attacks at all!  The next stage is a factory setting with lightning in the background, ninjas that float down from the ceiling shooting laser beams, no music at all, and you have to avoid charged electric that shoots in your direction.  The final back is a jumpy guy in a black suit.  He jumps up and down like a gym teacher.  Enjoy the ending... what that's it?  I guess so!  The jumpy suited man was the bad guy all along.		This is one horrendous game seriously.  There tries to be storyline cutscenes when you complete certain stages, but you shouldn't care about those at all because they're boring and short.  I don't know if they follow the movie either because I haven't seen it in ages.  A small amount of poorly animated enemies throughout the game, faceless levels, horrible play control, generic action and a short game overall... avoid!
1,The biggest problem with this game: it can create problems with your Xbox!  Apparently, it saves progress in such a way that it can start to crash frequently.  I've read some online stories of people who have had to have their Xbox repaired after using this, so be careful.	The other downside is that it is just plain boring.  You can walk and walk and walk with little action.	In it's defense, it is the only game I've seen with such a big and open-ended world.  There is simply a huge amount of terrain you can wander around, with a huge amount of freedom to do whatever you want (kill monsters, steal stuff, find food, buy things...)
1,Didn't do much to keep it cool
1,Campaign was decent. Multiplayer is the same as every other COD game. You shoot someone multiple times, they don't die but, if you smack them in the head, they die instantly, lol. It's a very fast paced game. Wish they had large scale battles like Battlefield but unfortunately, it doesn't. Personally, I think this is the worst COD so far. The game, without add-ons, is almost 60 GB's!
1,When I had heard of this game, the least I can say is that I was hyped. The visuals were impressive, monster designs intriguing, and the thought of an extremely hard action RPG was very tantalizing. What I got was a punishing slough the made it torturous to play through the first two levels. I could accept the insta-death set-pieces, the hard as balls bosses, but the lack of any checkpoints drove me insane as I would make it to the boss of the area, die, and not only lose all of my money, but get sent back to the beginning of the already massive area. If you can accept the lack of checkpoints and get past it, you'll have fun, but if the utter lack of any checkpoints makes you feel uncomfortable, then I'd say skip it.
1,I like all silent hill game.but this one very bad game.
1,I found this incredibly boring... It's definitely centered toward young kids or pre-teens. All you do is punch the keys to "play" the music. I've played button-mashing rhythm games before like Bust A Groove, Gintaroo, Parappa... They are all extremely fun, but this was not. Maybe I expected too much.		I am giving 1 extra star for decent visuals. Only buy this if you have never played Guitar Hero/Rock Band or if you have small children.
1,not anywhere as good as resident evil 4
1,No need to rehash all the one star reviews. Let me just say that I agree with every one of them. But to be specific... I hate the fact that you can't save anything. If coders/publishers thought that this would make me play longer so as to be exposed to the uplay bulls*&t they are mistaken. I played for one hour... lost my progress, then deleted the game & uplay from my PC.
1,Sorry, I hate caps lock. Know what I hate more? Electronic Arts.		This game, plain and simple, is UNPLAYABLE without a HDD (you CANNOT use a formatted memory stick for this) with at least 7.3GB of free space on it. If you have the 2GB, 4GB or original slim without an additional Microsoft branded hard drive, you CANNOT play this game. At all. The end.		This is simply pathetic on behalf of Electronic Arts. They're selling a product with absolutely no forward notice to an enormous percentage of Xbox 360 owners have no way of using this product. Both discs must be installed - there is no "playing it in non-HD." This is tantamount to selling a car that can only take diesel fuel without mentioning it to anyone until they open the gas flap to see a small "diesel only" sticker. Totally inexcusable.		This is twice in 6 months that I've spent $60+ on an EA game that was a complete and utter embarrasment to the entire tech world. NHL15 on the 360 was flat-out copy & pasted from NHL14. New rosters and a new announcer; other than that there's absolutely no way it should be it's own game.		EA's tech support doesn't speak English. Their website is completely unmanned and they laugh when people bring complaints to their knowledge. You cannot return video games once the seal has been broken so I'm going to sit here with my chocolate-covered thumb while their marketing teams put out false advertisements in commercials and stage misleading promotional campaigns.		The cover of this game says it's for Xbox 360. I own a 4GB Xbox 360 and it is unplayable. There is nothing else left to say.
1,The BioWare/KOTOR names are the game's only selling points. Anyone who has played Warhammer Online will be very familiar with the feel of the game.  The new features; companion characters, the focus on the story, and the cutscenes, don't do much to disguise the very formulaic two faction, quest driven gameplay.  If you want more of the same, SWTOR is a good pick up, but most of us are probably sick of this cookie cutter approach to MMORPG game design. The environment graphics are a rare treat, considering how much every other area of the game really fails to excite.  If I had to highlight one area where I was particularly dissatisfied, it would be the PvP- RNG loot bags, exploits, constant crowd control, ability lag, imbalanced factions, end game grind, limited warzone options, boring World PvP area... it's just not a pleasant experience.
1,I gave this as a gift for Christmas and it was returned to me because it never worked. Disk was scratched upon receipt and seller refuses to replace. BUYER BEWARE!!!!!
1,The batteries barely hold a charge and we're constantly having to change the controllers in the middle of games. The dock will say that it's charging, but when we pick up the controller hours later, it will only have a bar of juice. This has caused quite a few frustrating experiences and we have been ultimately disappointed with this purchase.
1,I usually don't bother to write reviews, but this game was too disappointing to let go.		I'll keep this short: graphics are very good. I loved Far Cry, and the first half of Crysis was indeed Far Cry with more eye candy.		Pros: Great Graphics - texture features, explosions, etc.  Also: no Steam-esqe account joining or on-line activation! Just load and play. Keep it that way: game developers!		Cons: Many -- bugs here and there, including the big one that stopped the game for good -- shooting the 'big boss' on the carrier -- gun would not 'target'.  'Had to quit...I'm assuming that was the end :-(		WORSE: story line was DULL!  Shooting thingies that looked like those in Matrix over and over again got downright boring.  Far Cry was immersive and compelling -- with so many interesting and even 'scary' chapters... and gameplay that lasted seemingly days.  Crysis does not deliver in those ways.  AI was bland and fairly unintelligent.		Again, this is a short review.  Perhaps I'm getting too old for PC games -- but compared with Half Life, Unreal 2, and even the earlier Dooms 1 & 2 all of which I found 'compelling' and creative, Crysis falls short... almost flat.  -s
1,Mass Defect Androidema. Waste of $. Animations are funny though, lol.
1,My mother bought this for the family since it had to do with Karaoke and one could sing into a microphone and hear their voice out of the Television for all to admire or painfully listen through because they love you. And maybe do some of the many "options" available while you're at it. But the reason I liked this game is the option to import MP3's and WMA's onto the Xbox. Unfortunately, except for the importer, this game is a heedlessly made abnormality trying to make it on the karaoke scene. Be Warned: This game is NOTHING like the hit Karaoke Revolution on the PS2. In fact, it is not even close to it at all. Sadly, I am too late with this warning for consumers. So many of you are most likely disappointed with this game. But with the cheap genius that is Microsoft, they took out a page from a little game called Madden 2002. Where EA made very few changes to the game at all, yet they just put on the Madden trademark and they had turned trash into gold. Just substitute few changes to Windows-style eye candy and Madden trademark with an MP3 Importer, and you have a match made in heaven! And even worse than this is that people have bought this game and they will continue to buy this game only for the Importer. It is Sheer Madness!!!!		Pros: 1. The MP3 Importer (Finally fixes the infamous unreadable CD-RW problem on the Xbox)		2. Windows-Style Eye Candy (SO distracted)		Cons: 1. Windows-Style Eye Candy (SO hypnotizing)		2. Actual songs, but very cheesy versions of them (If we wanted this, we'd torture ourselves with Kidz Bop!!!)		3. Very Limited Video making capabilities.		4. Songs downloadable for $5 (like any poor sap would download them anyway?)		5. WIll cost more money for Peripherals for Importing (you first have to download the PC exporter off the internet (free), but the System link cable for connecting the two will cost you $30!)		6. And the worst sin of all for a Karaoke game: You can barely hear yourself out of the speakers!!!!!! Even with the mic set on the highest volume you still can barely hear yourself over the voices (hey, maybe they were saving the family members from certain torture) But as I said, Sheer Madness!!!!!		Final Verdict: The only reason you are ever going to come along this game in the future is for the MP3 importer and only for the MP3 Importer. This is NOT a party tool, that Abominaton that is named Big Rigs: Over the Road Racing is a better party tool than this (Okay, maybe i'm stretching it way too far, let's just leave it at Halo) But yes, If you have MP3's and you want to put them on the Xbox, this is your only option (makes me sad to say that.)
1,I played NW1 and loved it!		NW2 has lots of good stuff, but what high end system do I need? I met the min. requirements, but the frame rate is so slow that I can gave after a few hours of trying to play. I have a nvidia geforce ultra 5950 4 gigs of ram, 3,2 ghz motherboard, and 120 gig harddrive. I play a lot of online games like BF2, BF 2142, EQ2, WOW, etc...so my pc meets the demands. Why the slow or stop and go action?
1,I bought this game at a fairly low price, and when I started playing, I was totally amazed - at the incredibly bad graphics.		 The game featured a basic HUD with two annoyingly large bars, placed above and below it. That was the first thing I noticed. Next I saw that the terrain was sort of fuzzy, and my gun wasn't all that impressive either.		 "OK...," I said to myself. "Why don't I try walking around and see if this gets any better?" So I did. Guess what? No gun sway! Every stinkin FPS game I've every seen had some sort of movement with the gun (Ok, maybe not Wolfenstein 3d, but still!).		 So, anyway, I tried firing the gun - barely any recoil at all. I tried a pistol just to see if the hammer would pull back but it did not.		 Anywayz terrible graphics = boring game. Enough said
1,This is a great game.  I think it's physics and graphics are the best I have ever seen.  However $50 is a lot of money to spend for a game that you really only are leasing for a few years, or if you are unlucky and have your PC repaired a few times replacing hardware you won't be able to run this game anymore.  Thanks to DRM.  And thanks to DRM I won't get to play this awesome game.		I went to purchase for 3 identical systems, mine and my two son's. It is a lot to always drop $150 for each new game that comes out. But I have been doing it for years. (The family that kills together, stays together! :).		Yes, as others have noted, this type of a system don't keep the pirates away, they hacked it already. It keeps the people that pay away.	Heck, if they wanted to look, Amazon keeps records of purchases. Mine go back 8 years. They can see every game I ever purchased,	and always in 3's or 4's. (If I can run a local server so we can play against just the 3 of us, I buy a 4th copy and run a dedicated server).		I also love UBI games and want to support them, but I can't pay for what is a short term lease. There are some old and classic games I still play,	like BF2 and BF1942, Alien vs Predator, Black hawk Down, Serious Sam, Postal 2, Doom 3 (Doom is 1980's! and a classic). This is just the wrong solution to the problem.  I won't use a free hacked version either.  The honest people remain honest.  But this is a great game, and long after this game is no longer drawing in $50, and it is in the bargain bin a while, this is the type of game that will become classic and a copy will sell on ebay used for $150 or more.  DRM long after the support stops for this game will leave me with no one to turn to when I need to upgrade my system yet again, 3 times in the next 6 years...
1,I'm writing this review on the strength of my kids' experience playing the version 1 of Pet Vet at a friends house one weekend, and then coming home and installing a one-hour preview of this Version 2 release.  My kids liked the Version 1 release (it's just called Pet Vet), but they disliked this Version 2 release (called Pet Vet 2: Healing Hands).  Why?  Because the mouse action was terribly slow and delayed, unlike any other game I've seen.  It's not the hardware -- they're running on a fast 2.6Ghz Pentium 4 laptop with 512MB RAM and plenty of disk space.  No other game is slow like this one, and by slow, I mean the mouse action is slow and terribly unresponsive.  I can't see anything that would be a set-up issue, so I'm presuming it's just lousy $20 kid software written by an independent developer and marketed by some company called ValuSoft.  Because the mouse response was so poor, my kids really didn't like the game, so we're not going to buy it.  My advice is simple:  try the preview version by downloading from the the Internet (not from the Valusoft website -- strangely, they don't offer the download for Version 2, just Version 1), and if you like, then pull the trigger and buy the game (from Amazon -- it's cheaper than from ValuSoft directly).  You might be better off buying the Version 1 release, which is what we're currently pondering.
1,EDIT: Gee isn't it awfully STRANGE that the seller withdrew this item 1 day immediately after I reviewed it & revealed the game for what it was? Hmmm... what an odd coincidence. But consider yourself warned (& smarter for it): ANY Pokemon game that comes "pre-loaded" with every single item & pokemon, including rare event-only ones, all lvl. 100 shinies with maxed-out stats (that likely would NEVER pass the legit-checker Nintendo uses to pass or fail pokemon entered in official tournament use), no matter what the title, is the same exact thing as this game here. They are simply games started, altered by an Action Replay, and saved by the seller, who typically charges a RIDICULOUS amount of money for something you could do yourself for a fraction of the cost. What good are all those pokemon if you can't use them for tournament use (or even just battling a friend) because they stick out like a sore AR code, practically screaming "I'm a hack!!!" NO ONE is going to want to play vs. you with a hack team!		NOTE: Please realize the star rating is NOT FOR THE GAME ITSELF (Pokemon FireRed/LeafGreen are 5/5 stars IMO), but this "All 386" version of the game that comes with ALL the pokemon and all the items in one's possession at the start of the game.		Why on earth anyone would ever want to start a pokemon game with a 100% filled-out pokedex, every pokemon in one's possession (and every single one SHINY!?) all LVL.100, and every item in existence in one's possession is beyond comprehension. IT RUINS THE ENTIRE POINT OF THE GAME. Plus you're not even going to be able to use them right from the beginning since you won't be able to control lvl. 100 pokemon until you've got most of the badges! Even if you want the pokemon for battling others, they're going to be OBVIOUSLY non-legit since the odds of having an all-shiny party is 1 in 50,000 at the very LEAST. Your versus partner doesn't have to be a genius to realize, instantly, you're using cheated pokemon. The fun of the game is discovering new pokemon as the story unfolds & you venture from town to town, catching pokemon in the wild and finding rare items some of which will help certain pokemon evolve. If you start off with EVERYTHING, then what more is there to do?! Running through the storyline is without reason, and if there's nothing to discover then you might as well not even bother playing in the first place. And what good are lvl. 100 pokemon if they haven't any further opportunity to raise the IV & EV stats through party use? That's right, IV & EV scores no longer count once the pokemon is lvl. 100, so who knows what kind of disposition or stats these ready-made, "instant pokemon" have? Are they even friendly, like a lvl. 100 pokemon (a legit one, raised from, say, lvl. 10) should be? Or are the stats ridiculously maxed out, making their non-legit-ness even MORE glaringly obvious?		But the real tragedy of this RIP OFF is the ridiculous price tag!! You're not PHYSICALLY getting anything more than if you just bought the game off the shelf of a retail store. You're getting a regular old game cartridge, nothing special about it other than the game has already been started & saved, and then they used an ACTION REPLAY device on the cartridge to cheat and insert all the pokemon in the PC boxes and own every item. Be aware that you'll be stuck using whatever name THEY picked as the OT name, and if you attempt to start the game over, you will LOSE everything they gave you under the first OT's name!		What's sad is that they're preying on uninformed SUCKERS with the lure of being a "pokemaster" with that ungodly price (at least $180.00, sometimes upwards of $200.00). They ruin the game for you, which you can just as easily DO YOURSELF for a LOT LESS COST by simply buying yourself an Action Replay (or the defunct Gameshark) code altering device, a cost of $20-$30 and even less if you shop around or get a used one. You can use the same exact codes they used ~ AR & GS codes for ALL Pokemon games are available all over the net, and from the official AR website as well; plus you can update your AR for automatic update for the latest codes by hooking up with your PC, with a cord & disk with software that comes with the AR. It's very easy to use & you can input codes manually or copy & paste codes onto the AR device from codes you find on the web. What they do to the game is in no way worth the additional $150+!! All they do is start a game, press a few buttons, save, and there you go, every pokemon & all items are in the PC. I know for a fact there are codes available that do that very same thing. So why would anyone pay $180+ when they could buy the game retail for $30 and the AR for $20-$30, a total of $50-$60...far less than HALF of what they're charging uninformed people who just don't know how to use an AR or realize how easy it is. You can use the AR for never fail captures, running into ANY pokemon, getting ANY pokemon as SHINY, and also even for getting EVENT POKEMON into your possession without having gone to an event (which is likely OVER, & never to come out again for this game)...and you don't even need to ruin the entire game if you just want to cheat a little. Plus, you can continue using the AR for code manipulation for ANY other GBA game!		Don't support these RIPOFF ARTISTS, they are a SHAM, charging an outrageous price for something anyone with a GBA, Pokemon cartridge, and AR device could do the same for much, much less! And you won't be stuck using someone else's trainer name!
1,I am a total hardcore action/adventure/RPG fan, and thats what this falls into.  I'll play almost any game, and mostly like it, but this game disappoints].  The graphics are really nasty, seriously, they are really cartoony.  The voice acting is soo bad, and there are plenty of glitches in what he says.  The storyline is...what is the storyline?  You're not an important character at all.  The gameplay is the only somewhat good part.  It's just really [bad] that you throw your weapon around.  You can go into hand to hand too.  If you don't have 4 controllers this game is even more stupid.  If you are an RPG gamer, or like action/adventure, this game is NOT what you think.  If you liked all the gauntlet games, this is for you.  But I think this game [DISAPPOINTS]...
1,Trying to plug controllers into this is very frustrating.
1,I went ahead and bought some control freaks after buying these which offer generously speaking very little on the PlayStation 4 controller - if anything they're  slightly annoying. They're also really difficult to get on. Skip it. Gimmick
1,One Word Review :BORING
1,Crap, Crap, and more crap.  Mortal Kombat should be ashamed of itself.  A true low point in the series.  Just awful.
1,I can't believe how much they're doubling down on this game. They have made it as much pay to win as they possibly can, and then on top of that they punish early players by making all of the equipment they worked hard to get or paid to get obsolete by introducing strictly better versions of absolutely everything.		Today I thought I would play a few matches of kill confirmed only to find out that they have combined match types, I can no longer just play kill confirmed. I have to play kill confirmed and frontline. They also combined many other match types but I did not have the patience to look after playing 3 matches of frontline in a row. I just feel bad after playing this game. I regret buying this game and I regret ever defending it to the haters. This game deserves every bit of hate it gets.
1,The throttle suffers from the same phanthom keystrokes problem as the Saitek yoke combo. If you can live with it or apply any of the workarounds (such as purchasing a FSUIPC license and increasing polling interval for keypresses) it's a decent product.
1,I can not play the disk version of this game. the graphic resolution is worse than bad. I think this game is too old to play on my system.
1,Would have rated it higher except it was really dirty when I got it and the amount of filth I wiped off was unreal! I mean cmon, you really couldn't have taken the time to make your product shine a bit?? shame on you!
1,Was given this mouse after RMAing my Deathadder 2003. So I never actually purchased it. This mouse is better than the 2003 version by leaps and bounds. But it still has some of the same flaws.		I had to RMA this mouse recently due to the wheel stopped catching the gear that makes it function properly as you turn it. Another pet peeve is how loud the wheel is as you turn it.		Everything this company makes is low quality at premium prices. Will not be buying or recommending their products to anyone.
1,I thought it would make a remastering of the game. the graphics are too low to play it on the ps3...
1,I keep forgetting how much I hate this game!  I loved Uncharted 2&3 which I've played many times.  But this one has too many sequences that are incredibly difficult even on "easy" and - - AND - -you are sent all the way back to the beginning of a sequence, even if you've advanced far along almost to the end.  Too many instances of playing for half an hour, maybe even an hour and then being sent all the way to the beginning and having to start over because for one petty mistake!  Too bad because the story and character development is good!
1,Don't work for Xbox elite controllers, at least the ones I got didn't.
1,It looks great, holds the PS4 secure, and it's a nice place to store the controllers.	However, within 9 months or so, one of the controller slots did not charge anymore. In fact, it seemed like it would drain the controller that was plugged in. The other slot still worked and so did the front usb ports.	Having nothing to lose, I opened the stand and attempted to solder back a broken pin for the micro usb port. When you lift the controller, it pulls hard enough on the micro usb male end that it eventually broke the solder. I ended up ruining the port irreparably in my attempt to fix it. :(		However, I feel that my experience was a fluke, given all the positive reviews. I wanted to make sure I added my experience in here to accurately weight the ratings.
1,boring and difficult
1,I bought the disc version of this game and I agree with all of the other 1 star reviews.  I have had my xbox 360 for a long time and a lot of the internal memory is already full.  I am guessing this is why I have so many problems with this game.  Initially loading this game takes at least 5 minutes.  The load and lag throughout playing this game is nearly unbearable.  I am in the middle of the second episode and from what I can tell I would have rated this 5 stars if it weren't for all of the loading and lagging problems.  This is a slow, rambling, glitchy game to play!
1,1 star. Enough said.
1,Role-Playing video Games with open dynamic worlds where the npcs, quests, and the world itself react to the decisions you make is the only type of game that interests me.  Another thing I have chosen to require is romance options as you play the game.  Anyone with similar ideas as me may want to avoid this game, I believe.  They will just be disappointed and frustrated.		Maybe I should have expected this but there any review I saw failed to mention this subject one way or another.  Those I was hoping and cursing for this to surprise me.		These companies have made the labels "M" and "RPG" abundantly without any meaning.  They used to actually describe for what I have chosen a want.		However, I do enjoy the freedom of movement for the character and through the world.  The story itself is compelling and enjoyable.  Being able to scale almost any building is awful as in full of awe.  The colors and the world are wonderfully rich and dynamic;		And, that just adds to the disappointment and frustration for me, as I participate in quests and find very little meaningful choices.  There are 'bonus' options that lowers the difficulty later but that fails to actually effect the story itself.		I see moments where the main character makes a decision and I am sighing on the inside as **I** should be making that choice instead of some writer/producer/director/artist.		Yes there are 'other' games that are what I am looking for and I have played them.  To 'want' more games that are similar, but from different companies, is good and right.		So if you are buying this to play with a buddy?  Then go for it, and you most likely fail to see this the way I do.  If you have played Planescape: Torment, Baldur's Gate, Mass Effect, Dragon Age, Alpha Protocol, et cetera;  Then, I suggest that this game fails to be what you are looking for in any way shape or form.		Thank you for sharing your time, in reading this.  May the Goddess bless you, and the Force be with you.
1,this new "socom" has nothing to offer! no single player. the friends and clan list are stupid(you cant join from someones name).	downloading updates take too long. the maps are too big. but they did bring back crossroads,frostfire and DD so thats an A+. it still lags like crazy. after so many years of waiting, all i got was a REMAKE of socom but without the socom feel.
1,This game has fantastic graphics, the best I have ever seen in a Resident Evil game..... It has 4 unique campaigns, which each have excellent storylines, and are components of a larger story.... It is a very action packed game and it really draws you in....		Sadly, 100% of the challenge in this game comes from ridiculously limited Ammo....	Thats really all there is too it...		I am very sad that Capcom did such an absolute crap job on this game, RE is one of my all time favorite series and Resident Evil 5 was mindblowingly good...		I wish that Capcom had put some thought into the substance of this game....		If you can buy this cheap and you enjoy combat games where you spend the vast majority of your time without enough ammo to kill a single enemy you might benefit from a purchase.... Personally I wish I hadn't wasted my time..... there are so many games out there that are so much more deserving of my playtime....		I know now that I finished the game I could unlock unlimited ammo and dominate everything with ease just for fun.,.,...		But honestly after killing the final boss in the Chris campaign with the knife (due to lack of ammo) over a period of 2 and a half hours I am done with this piece of turd..... If you have hours and hours and hours to waste playing games by all means try to enjoy this, but, if you enjoy games in increments stay away from this one...... its probably worth the 5$ it costs used at the local gamestop, but it is not worth the investment of time....
1,EA UFC 1 was better than this..
1,It's a scam.
1,Yeah I cant remember that far back either.		What more can another review of Sim City say?		Choppy Graphics despite a great graphics card?	An edition that is 20% more limited than the already limited Windows version?	More wonderful DLC so we can play our broken game with more options?	Errors when launching as well as installing?		But none of that matters,		IF YOU DONT HAVE AN INTERNET CONNECTION.		So if you wanted a severely limited, broken, choppy game, that you can play at your house and maybe a barnes and noble or mcdonalds if they have wifi, this is the game for you.		I would have sucked it up and gave the game a fighting chance if I could have just played it offline. The fact that EA deems it impossible yet numerous hacks have already been released allowing you to do said "impossible' is really a shameful and disgusting move on EAs part lying to the masses with some hidden agenda thinking online play will result in higher DLC profits.
1,Need For Speed Most Frustrating:		If you were looking for a beautiful pinball machine, this is it.  You get into your car, hit the gas, and bounce from wall to wall in a vain attempt to race with other cars.  Of course, the other cars have no problem staying on the road, but your car only has full gas, full brake, hard right and hard left for your control options.  This makes the game almost completely unplayable.  I've tried it with my Sim Raceway driving wheel, and while this improves the experience, it doesn't by much.  You can't have a driving game where the cars run like they're on ice all the time.  Stick to the iOS version of this game.  It is far superior!
1,I rented this game hearing it was but is awful. the controls r all with the analog and r and l buttons which is very stupid in hand 2 hand fighting, while gun fighting and sword fighting fun the controlls r still hard and the enemies is very and theres a diffculty level except u have  to unlock on my opininon definately rent this game and don't buy it cause u get tired of it pretty soon
1,Playable - but not great by a longshot.		Very simplistic controls, Energy Weapons imo are boring here and in Fallout 3, seems like a game for younger gamers, not adults, green goo, no gore and little memorable animation of weapon strikes.		Rented this game for 5 dollars for five days, played through the whole game in 3, little replay value. Boring, repetitive. And you are supposed to be fighting 'frightening alien invaders'. Never was I surprised, or frightened even once. They look like goofy cartoon aliens a teenager would draw. Again - Deadspace would be the obvious recommendation IMO if you want to shoot at something that is a frightening alien.		There is no comparison in complexity of controls / replayability /graphics quality (1080p not 720p- which is a huge difference - actually 1080p is DOUBLE the clarity / information of 720p if you didn't know, but you won't see it unless you have a real 1080p monitor).		Very much overhyped, visuals were ok, not amazing like a killzone 2, DeadSpace, Fallout 3. So generally would be very disappointed if I had purchased.
1,Arcade sticks are not cheap to come by, and there is a reason that this is. I have no complaints about amazon warehouse other than this item they shipped me. They are reliable for every other thing i have ordered. To start of this item was bought labeled as new, this came in a basic cardboard box and popped bubble wrap... someone may have been angry about the free shipping (lol). Next the joystick did not go right or down whatsoever. I think it may have been damaged during its trip here. Because, this item was so cheap compared to any other dreamcast stick on the market, I decided instead of taking it back I would try to fix it myself. I dissected it, zip tied the bottom of the arcade sick ( redneck pride), and connected a wire that wasn't in tact. It works ok now but never was and definitely  not new condition, as i had ordered it. Buy from amazon warehouse and these other buyers but DO NOT buy this joystick!
1,I went back into the game last night, cause I was bored and really wanted to see if I really hated it as much as I did. Well I do. Worse actually. I took a week off of work to do nothing but play Battlefront. Wife even bought a Black Christmas Tree and put Star Wars ornaments all over it, with white lights and stars. I'm not a Star Wars Superfan, but I was fourteen when Star Wars (original) came out. - So I REALLY was looking forward to this, and had played the beta.		Within the first 30 min after clicking the Launch Button at midnight, I thought I was going to be ill. The game-play is SERIOUSLY flawed and feels like it was created by two totally different teams. It's like they spent a year recreating the Star Wars universe, and then paid some low rent intern to code the actual gameplay over a weekend. By far the absolute worse combat experience you could have imagined. There's no logic to anything. Zero - It's just random chaotic deathmatch with objectives that have no value. It's much more important to pick up the random "perks" that spawn on the map than to play any objectives. Actually you can get a great score by just holding back and picking up the vehicle spawns only.		To say the GamePlay is written for children would be considered borderline "Child Abuse". How could it be possible to have such a beautiful looking and sounding game, (and it does look fantastic) with authentic Star Wars atmosphere, have game mechanics, balance, hit detection, and such skill-less gameplay, be so poorly implemented? The game play equates to being blindfolded, tossed into a small pit with thirty-nine other blindfolded people, and everyone given a chainsaw.  The whole time you're playing you keep thinking to yourself "Surely this just cannot be this bad."  But it is.  Then reality sets in.... " I spent how much on this? "		I literally, (I'm not kidding)..... I literally walked up behind a guy, shoved my blaster rifle into his back, opened up and completely overheated my rifle, only to have him turn, and one shot me. - I've been killed by a shotgun style gun, from a guy nearly on the other side of the map. - Any other game, they would be considered to be a possible hacker. But not in this. THIS IS THE "GAME". Random, death, from any and all directions with no meaning, or purpose.		No matter what play style you prefer; camping, attacking, ninja captures, etc... is meaningless. Shoot one time and fifteen other people will just open up on you from all directions.		I don't write many reviews at all, but this is disgusting and an insult to the Star Wars franchise. Now I have to look at this Star Wars themed Christmas tree for the next month that my wonderful wife made for me...... to remind me just how crappy this game is.		As an EA Stockholder, I bought mine from EA directly and considering writing a letter to the board of directors, that I'm disgusted and livid. Selling all my stock first thing Monday.  (which isn't much, but I don't want to profit from this garbage.)		-= I"m not even going to start to talk about the lack of content, but the content that it does have, although GORGEOUS, it so repetitive, and meaningless,  that after an hour, you have seen the whole game.  Trust me you won't want to play much longer than that anyway.  You've been warned.
1,I really wanted to like this product, and I do like the magnifying glass, the speakers, and the a & b buttons. The problem is with the joystick: it's terrible. It's probably because the product does not clip on as snug as it should, but the joystick is very inaccurate, and sometimes even slides the HandyPak out of place. I don't think that the one I have broken either. The reason I'm giving it two stars instead of one is that you can tape or rubber band it to the gameboy color and that does basically fix the problem, but I wish it just hooked on like it was supposed to.
1,Pros:	--- graphics:	graphics are at least somewhat realistic & comparable to the Ps2.. almost. it's much more realistic & better for the eyes to watch to know how to move.	--- speed:	movements of the fighters are much slower then wii boxing or victorious boxers which makes it more realistic & strategy more important. it is very easy to track & see when a fighter is about to & is punching you or blocking.		Cons:	--- no music: only a few grunt noises	--- only 4 boxer choices to start with:	one being very overweight & hairy, though give points for graphics, I didn't want to choose him nor fight him because it was too realistic. lol	--- unresponsive to normal punches & blocks:	I did the tutorial, it worked there, but in the ring? nope. I couldn't do a body block for the life of me & head block took several attempts each time. instead of fighting, I just started experimenting & counting how many times the game responded to my punching: 2 out of 4 times. sometimes only 1 out of 4 times even for very slow, good form punches.	--- lack of punching choices: there were no hooks & I forget if there were uppercuts, I think so, but I think I got it to respond 1x to do that though I made repeated attempts in my game response experiment. there is only mostly jabs & punches & holding down B or Z for super punches/jabs.	--- 3rd person view:	you are too far away, they should have made the camera closer or see-thru like wii boxing for a more realistic feel.		wii boxing & victorious boxers: revolution are much better, with VB being more responsive/real fighting but harder to see with drawn graphics.
1,TL;DR  If you want the sexiest mechanical keyboard money can buy, this is it. It has almost everything you could wish for: High-end build? Check. A lot of macro keys? Check. LED RGB? Check. Per-key lighting? Check. Per-key macro? Check. Other fancy stuff? Check. High price tag? Triple Check!!! On-board memory? Ehhh... It has "built-in storage drive"; not the "on-board memory" which is synonymous to RAM that is utilized by on-board processors.		THIS IS THE REASON I RETURNED THIS KEYBOARD. (This is why it is not showing as an "Amazon Verified Purchase". Photos for proof.)		I'd also like to point out that this product is COMPLETELY different from the non-RGB K95. This has a different hardware, different circuit board, and most of all, different software. This keyboard should (theoretically) not suffer the LED and software problems of the non-RGB version because it uses different LED's. This is a keyboard review, not a switch review, but I got the Cherry MX Brown switches for those interested.		Contents: Intro  What I Like  What I Don't Like   Package  Note  Verdict		- - - - -		I have been using the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Roccat-Ryos-MK-Pro/dp/B00FB4BUMM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Roccat Ryos MK Pro</a>&nbsp;mechanical keyboard, and I thought I couldn't be happier. It was perfect. Well, almost perfect. The only thing missing was the RGB lighting. Then came Corsair, with the K95 RGB. My Roccat has been dethroned, literally (it has been demoted as my work keyboard). And just like in a chessboard, that although Roccat is king, the sexy Corsair queen is still more loved. Yes, this keyboard is very sexy. Everything was so great.		Until...		I discovered that the K95 DOES NOT execute macro and key-strokes on-board. How is this travesty discovered? Through a terrible lag and unresponsiveness. I know the characteristic of this kind of lag because it has happened to EVERY software-executed macro keyboards and mice I have owned since the day of membrane gaming keyboards.		WHAT I LIKE  + 	+ Premium look and feel. Looks VERY expensive. Brushed metal that can cut like a blade!	+ The lighting is perfect. LED colors are vivid. Looks surreal in person.	+ 18 dedicated macro keys. If that is not enough, you can reassign every single key.	+ New software is easier to use. Control your keyboard with tons of options.	+ Removable wrist rest.	+ Full flat back plate (no bezel, switches are visible).	+ An OCD/OCPD's dream - extremely easy to clean.		WHAT I DON'T LIKE   	 No On-Board execution of macro/key-strokes. A REQUIREMENT for high end keyboard.	 No HUB. This beast uses two USB ports, yet a USB hub is non-existent.	 Like my experience with&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Corsair-Vengeance-M95/dp/B00B5QLS4A/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Corsair Vengeance M95</a>, the driver is buggy.	 zOMG $190 as of this writing.	 The wrist pad is pathetically weak and easy to scuff.	 Keyboard does not sleep on it's own.		PACKAGE    	 Overpriced keyboard	 Detachable wrist pad	 Printed materials	 Cheap box packaging	 NO Keycap puller	 NO Keyboard cover	 NO Garbage		- - - - -		 WHY THE PROCESSOR AND ON-BOARD MEMORY IS NECESSARY		With a "real" processor and on-board memory, the macro and key-strokes you save are stored INSIDE the keyboard, and are executed there too. It does NOT need Windows to be running to execute them. It has its own processors to do it. What are the benefits of this function?		 There will be no lag/delay since it will not be dependent on Windows software.	 You can use it anywhere. Even in the lock screen, before "running" Windows.	 Keyboard remapping is keyboard dependent, not PC dependent.	 Need to change computers? No re-installing of drivers and software required.		The K95 RGB and most of Corsair's hardware only stores profile settings. It saves the profile to the keyboard, but needs Windows to process it and execute commands. This technology is not terribly expensive to not be implemented here. My Roccat keyboard is cheaper than Corsair, and they are imported from Germany. Even my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Logitech-G700S/dp/B00BFOEY3Y/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Logitech G700S</a>&nbsp;has that feature. Suddenly, I could not justify the price of this keyboard knowing it does not have appropriate hardware.		This is a misleading marketing gimmick. If I just want to save the "settings", I'd use a dedicated USB flash drive. It shouldn't even be called an "on-board memory"; rather, it should be called "on-board storage" as it is more apt.		- - - - -		VERDICT: I sort of recommend this product...?	 | 2 stars out of 5. Too expensive and weak for my personal taste. If you prefer looking at your keyboard more than your monitor, then this is the best keyboard you can get. It is by no means a bad keyboard. It looks solid and definitely somewhere on top, but really disappointing for what it wants to be.		Questions? Hit the comments.		This review is for the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/K95-RGB-Cherry-MX-Brown/dp/B00N4OBCT2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">K95 RGB (Cherry MX Brown)</a>.
1,The only two reasons why this game got more than one star is because I actually like Jack Black, and the soundtrack is freaking awesome.  The game play, though, lacks so much to be desired.  The story doesn't flow very smoothly at all, and the play control isn't very precise.  About 95% of the game seems to be boss battles, where you really can't tell whether or not you are even hurting the boss or how much damage the boss actually has.  The rest is just some hack and slash nonsense interrupted by some cool dialogue and music.		If this was a movie, I would probably rate it much higher.  But it's not.  It's a game, and the game part of it isn't very good.
1,The novelty of the game -- which consists of running, jumping, sliding, and crawling around rooftops, sewers, and whatever else makes up a city -- wears off after the training mode.  If this game had a decent fight in it instead of what it is, "Running is what I do best," says the main character, you might have an exciting game.  But thus far, all you do is run from cops.  As it is, I got past the Second Chapter, laid down to calm my vertigo from playing it, and will be looking to get rid of this headache of a game as soon as possible.
1,As the title states, the USB power connector will only charge if wiggled. Cheap plasticy charger, disappointed.
1,RUN from this game. It makes Carnival Games look GENIUS in comparison.  As the other reviewer said, you only get 1 free game in each of the 5 sections, so you must play so many times & do well enough in that game alone to earn enough tickets to play the other about 5 games in that section. All the other games cost 10-50 tickets each to play once & they only give you 10-100 tickets each, some only 20 even if you get the top score & play perfectly. Did I mention that in order to get to the next section you must have bought the prizes with said tickets? It's bad enough it looks cheap, dull & the auctioneer in each section have horrible, inane, non-helpful things to say, but also all the games are the same, but in different themes. I got to section two before I was tempted to throw my wii remote. Both had a non-moving objects shooting gallery, both had a whack a mole game, etc. A game that forces you to play games repeatedly ad nasueum to get to anther section. why don't they force you to watch a good movie as well & take any possible fun out of that too? Oh, the ride if you earn enough tickets? Is just another "game" such as section 1 is you shot out of a cannon & have to hit the botton displayed at the right time as you go through obstacles. Like a slow rhythm game. OOhhhhhh. You know a game is bad if on the commericial the actors have to dress up & do lame things to seem like they are having fun instead of just showing gameplay. Unless the gameplay SUCKS.		There are several review sites like IGN com which even shows you video of several minutes of gameplay. I rented this & I still want my $3 back.
1,Not impressed...	 1--You cant leave the remote covers (sleeves/jackets whatever you want to call them) on when recharging the batteries (not even the skinny silicone covers can be left on)	 2--You cant charge the battery unless they are connected to the Wii remote... there goes my spare battery idea I had *eyeroll*	3-- The thing is temperamental, the remotes have to be placed in the charger JUST so and if bumped (like trying to place the next remote in JUST so) it gets jostled and won't charge)	4-- The amount of time the batteries that came with it stay charged is a JOKE! Less than a day, seriously!	5-- Thing didn't even come with a wall plug, just a USB plug that you connect to the back of your Wii (which only gives you 2 USBs to begin with so if you have it connected to say a couple of microphones for Sing It, one has to come unplugged to let the remotes charge and then swapped around EVERY SINGLE TIME your two little girls want to play their game using their mics.		If returns on Amazon weren't such a pain in the butt, nor the receipt I received go missing in all the chaos of Christmas wrapping. Id return it and get my money back. Luckily it was only $15 bucks and I'm not out that much. Going to be purchasing another 2 remote charger like the one I have. You can leave the covers on, and all you have to do it lay the remote down and watch for the light to come on. Simple enough that even my 3 year old is capable of doing it.
1,Game came modded, so it instantly locked up and I was unable to ever use it
1,not a full game...should be worth $20 at the most.
1,This call of duty was a major let-down. It's basically the exact same thing as all the others. I might have bought it for $25-$30 bucks but this game just isn't worth the money.
1,I'm starting this out with a bold statement.  I have been watching reviews and videos on this game since release day.  I've checked back every day.  But despite hundreds of reviews read and dozens of videos watched:  I have not played the game.		So WHY do I feel I can review this?  ANSWER:  The server issues alone are enough to give the game a 1 star at current time.  Some of those issue will improve, some will remain.  The game also happens to have issues outside this.  Issues agreed on by both sides.  I'll tackle those too.		Server issues:	1.  Servers being crap on launch week = Horrible, but forgivable.  Code limitations should have been ironed out in beta, and plenty of hardware should have been provided for launch.  Blizzard is NOT a poor indie company that randomly got massive unforseen demand.  Still, things happen.		2.  Servers being crap on the following week = WTF.  Again Code should have been stress tested and broken during beta.  If they didn't have enough servers a week gave them plenty of time to set up more.  Blizzard has the money, it just didn't want to spend it.		3.  Servers still having regular issues over 2 weeks following launch = No words for this.  Simply unacceptable for a company of its resources and the amount of development time/metrics they had for this.		4.  Cannot play single player offline.		5.  Server problems further destroy the single player experience.		6.  Great, now people are regularly getting hacked playing single player.  Bravo Blizzard.		Non-Server Issues:		7.  Character customization has been disintegrated.  While this offers a more flexible approach that streamlines and yes simplifies, it nonetheless robs a very important part of the game away from many people.  Also, that streamlining and the old issues could have been fixed within the old system easily.  This lowers replay.  Yes maybe YOU don't have an issue with this but people have spoken.  An overwhelming amount of people DO have an issue with this, minor or major.		8.  Items.  Diablo has always had a strong loot basing as well as being fun to play.  Unfortunately the loot distribution and balancing in Diablo 3 is broken atm.  Magic items are better than items of higher rarity because they have an inherently much higher dps.  Items also appear to be more rare in general by far.  This lower also replay.		9.  Auction House, for money.  That's ok, that's what the auction house is for right?  Oh, but ya, you're decent items will likely be selling for real world cash now.  At least, once it actually works reliably and they add real money.  So enjoy your poor itemization unless you want to pay.  Because even if you trade 1:1 value on the AH you'll lose 15%+ listing fee to blizzard.  Both sides will :).  Yay?		10.  Randomization is very limited:  While mobs randomize fairly well maps themselves randomize only minimally.  This leads to the same layout and very similar experience on additional runs through an area.  This is the 3rd thing that lowers replay.  This is further hurt by many reports that the maps are very similar to D2 maps.		11.  Linear.  With the game being linear your forced down a cattle chute constantly being hemmed in and guided in only X direction.  This inability to freely roam even further limits replay.  Combined with the simplified character customization, itemization, and randomization this is a killer that has many people already burning out.  People that would not burn out near as easily on this exact same game otherwise.  This is further hurt by many reports that the maps are very similar to D2 maps.		12. Graphics:  When most people including most 5 star reviews note that the graphics are last gen, I believe them.  This isn't as important to me but if graphics being lower than they should be for a game of this calibur bothers you than it's a big strike.		13.  Story:  I'm sorry again, most people even 5 star reviews saying the story is forgettable (if they are kind) and horrible (if they are mean) tells me that the story is simply lack luster.  I don't expect epicness in this day and age, but cheese factor and mismanagement of prominent characters is a no no.  Only certain genres like comic books and comedies can pull that off IF DONE RIGHT.		Overview:		Lets disregard the server issues as that would automatically fail this game as a consideration for purchase.  It's assumed these will, eventually (and apparently with the minimum money investment possible) be fixed.  Regardless it's UNFORGIVABLE for a company with the resources of Blizzard and with the testing time/metrics/sales predicitions they had at their disposal.		Is this a fun game from everything I know?  Yes.  Will it be worth playing after they get server issues lined out?  Yes.  Is it a AAA title or worth $60?  HECK NO!!  This is the level of polish, length, and quality that you should expect from an Indie developer just putting itself on the map and selling the game at $15-$20.  This is not the level of game expected of a company the size and notoriety of Blizzard.		You'd be way way better off spending your $60 on say, Fallout 1, 2, 3 and New Vegas.  Torchlight + Titan's Quest, and $20 left over for whatever you wish.  ETC.  There are way too many options to justify $60 on this game when you can make far far better use of your money elsewhere with far less frustration and likely more and longer fun.
1,Disk does not work, has some cracks in the center that hinder their proper functioning
1,It has a nice feel in your hands, that's about all that's good about it. And y it gets 1 star instead of zero. I played it with Darksouls on my pc, the buttons where off, every time i got a button prompt i'd push the wrong one and use and estsas or change to a s*** sword. I tried it with other games same problem. You wired it wrong. x is y b is a x is a b is y. Its so baaaaaaaaaaaad. Pls stop selling these. They just make gaming more impossibly annoying then it already is. Waste of time and money.
1,this game is horrible. the best part of the game was the training mode, where you could run around and shoot moving targets like duck hunt. even then, the controls were worse than GTA. it's difficult to shoot accurately. the programmers know this, thats why as long as the target turns red, its a hit, even if it looks like a no chance shot. You can drag bodies and switch clothes, but it all seems rather pointless. you can try and sneak around, but it seems like it doesnt matter. you can just kill them however you want anyway. reloading is riduclously slow too, and before you die, time slows down and so it seems like it takes f o r e v e r. There are a lot of other games out there. I don't recommend wasting cash on this one. if you're looking for a shooter like halo, try kill switch. if you're looking for a sneak around game like metal gear, try tenchu. if you're just looking for more violence, take it up a notch and try manhunt. save your money and pass on hitman.
1,Very poorly made, have had to replace only after 6 months. Glad I bought the extra warranty!
1,The ending has made my soul die a little.  All these characters I have grown to care about...nothing, no closure, nothing.		You have spit upon hundreds of hours of playtime.  You have turned your back on every promise you made with respect to this series.  The ending is an abomination.		Bioware, I will never buy another game you make.  And I suspect many will follow my example.
1,this version the controls are akward and hard too use. worst graphics ever seen on xbox, they should have left this alone and on the pc only, nice attempt but falls short of the original.
1,Not as good as LBP and LBP2 at all.
1,It's much better on PC for obvious reasons
1,If it won't work for players in Australia and this was not stated in the item description. Nowhere did it state region specific information.	Postage to this region was not restricted either which was deceptive.
1,The headphones stopped working within a month after purchasing.	Microphone didn't work from the beginning, then  the sound stopped on the right side	Finally, I can't  hear anything but the noise.	Very bad quality!
1,A complete garbage title that was only made to cash-in on hardcore Walking Dead fans.  Even Norman Reedus couldn't be bothered to give his all in the sound booth.  Move along folks, nothing to see here.  Don't give Activision a single dime for this turd.
1,This game uses the invasive Starforce drivers.  This form of copy protection causes a lot of issues on your computer including shutting down CD/DVD drives and often times barring you from a game you legitimately own.  I purchased this game and had multiple issues related to the driver.  It locked me from playing and would reset my computer at boot up.  Finally managed in Safe Mode to figure out what was causing it and deleted the stupid thing.  WASTE OF MONEY.  Legitimate game companies don't need to resort to cheap tricks like that.
1,When I bought the item , it said that it was like new , when the controller to me the entire right side doesnt work. and there is a crack in the right side as well.
1,This game is awful.  I like racers, but what the heck is this?  This game has you racing against people that are either very stupid or super-human, you are not equally matched against anyone!  ....	P.S. Okay graphics are the only plus!
1,I feel after a solid month of me and my friends owning this thing that we had way more fun with my little brother's Wii U and I'm planning on selling this Xbox one to buy a Wii U delux set for $300. Plus that includes two games (Mario bundle) and the main reason why I'm choosing a Wii U over the PS4 is because Nintendo is the only company where you don't have to spend money on internet TO PLAY THE GAME!!! Not to mention the fact that you have to be online all the time with Xbox one. I can't wait for smash bros U!
1,First of all, Amazon.com calls this a "game."  Strange.  How much fun is this game?  How do you rate this game overall?  What?  Come on Amazon!  Anyway, I bought this charger in February of 2010. Five months later one of the batteries failed to charge.  The charge indicator blinks red, red, red... I think this is too early for something like this to fail.  I like the inductive idea and I like the magnetic base, but I also like my product to work properly.  I have contacted Energizer and we will have to see how they handle this situation.  Their response will determine if I continue to be an Energizer consumer or not.  The battery pack was replaced, free of charge, by a the company that makes the product...PDP.		(UPDATE) Eight months later another battery pack has failed.  I just contacted the company to see if they will replace this faulty device too.  Not a good track record for something with so many five star reviews.		(UPDATE) Called the company about the new failure.  They told me not to worry about sending the failed battery pack back and they just sent me TWO battery packs!  Since they didn't require the defective unit back, that gave me the opportunity to do some experimenting.  I took it apart and learned that it is simply packed with two AAA Nickel-Metal Hydride batteries.  I replaced the two cheap batteries with two cheap Rayovac Nickel-Metal Hydride batteries and the pack works on the inductive plate perfectly.  Advice...if a pack fails, just swap out the batteries with a higher quality NiMH battery and you will be right back in business...all you need is a small, cross-tip screwdriver and you are in like Flint!
1,This game sucks. DO NOT BUY IT. i wasted $10 buying the digital code for ps4. Its been literally 48 hours and is still installing. 48h since i completly download the game and start installong this c.r.a.p in my ps4. DO NOT BUY IT
1,I'm glad I'm old enough to understand the fact that this game is probably the lamest Lego game made. I love their games and buy them as soon as they come out and I get them for every system that they're made for so I can sell them and give an honest review when I sell them. This one I'm not even going to bother selling. It's so confusing like a mixture of toy story and the marvel team getting together to fight a kid. I always have enough games so the neighbor kids can try the games and see which ones they like the best and this was not one of the favorites, in fact I had to pay some of the kids just to play the game! Lego you're changing the games around too much and it makes it harder to play for the kids that want to play them. I thought your games were geared toward 5 to 13 year old kids but apparently they're not they are mainly for 15 and older. Good luck getting a teenager to play these little kid games. You need to make them more kid friendly and quit changing the game play with each game. I like it when the guys could jump but now they don't even walk they glide around and only a few have the ability to jump but only if you use it as a special ability. Stop making the games so confusing or you'll lose your players.
1,A few years ago, a little game called Incredible Hulk: Ultimate Destruction was released, and was a surprisingly great take on the Marvel character with free-roaming and destructive environments, plus the overall feeling gameplay-wise that you really were the Hulk.  This new movie tie-in Incredible Hulk game from Sega seems to want to follow in the same footsteps, but alas, it is a disappointing, and quite frankly boring, next-gen smash-a-thon.  Smashing up a pretty looking New York City is as fun as one would hope, and is by far the best aspect of the game to be sure.  After that though, things begin to go downhill in terms of gameplay and overall presentation.  Once you get bored with just causing destruction, the gameplay elements at their core just aren't that varied, and the boss fights are underwhelming as well.  Graphically, the game looks halfway decent, but there are noticeable graphical glitches and occasional bugs that hamper the experience.  Oddly enough as well, just like with the Iron Man game that was recently released, the game's cut-scenes are just plain bad.  The good points of the game once again involve laying waste to the environment, and film star Edward Norton lends his voice as Bruce Banner as well.  Considering how enjoyable Ultimate Destruction was and still is, it's disappointing how Incredible Hulk ends up faring.  It's worth a look for Hulk fans, but in the end, you're better off sticking with an old copy of Ultimate Destruction.
1,Having played Mortal Kombat (PS3) first-- and then having played this, I realize now that this game was a waste of money. My favorite MK characters don't have the same moves from the other installments, Sonya plays completely different than how she would usually play. I gave it away, didn't even sell it. The person I gave it to loves it though. If you're looking for a good fighter, I recommend MK or Marvel vs. Capcom. If not that, then Ultra Street Fighter IV. -- This game was not even remotely enjoyable, but this is coming from someone who plays Guilty Gear and Smash Bros and is used to responsive controls.
1,I'm sure this device is great but the one I received was filthy and there was debris under the LCD screen so I returned it.
1,I've had this charger almost since PS4 launched, and I really don't like it. It's hard to get the controllers plugged in. It feels really flimsy and like it's going to break at any moment as well.		The basic design flaw though is that you have to push the controller into the dock horizontally, instead of vertically. That means plugging in the controller is a two handed affair. If the controller pushed down vertically, you'd be applying pressure to your shelf. That you push it in horizontally means you have nothing to hold it in place as you try to plug it in.		Last gen all of my charges you just set them into a dock and contact was made. Even the Energizer charger for the XBox One controller works that way, where you just set it into the dock and contact is made with metal contacts on the controller. So you aren't plugging it in, you're more setting it in. I don't know why they decided to design the PS4 charger this way.		Regardless, I think there are better chargers out there. I'd go with one of those if I could do it over again.
1,Let's be real, we're buying or considering buying this because we think it's better than the competition. The truth is this thing is just a regular optical mouse. I have a 10 dollar logitech that works pretty much the same. The difference with this mouse is that I can change sensitivity with a button click. The scroll wheel has started to crap out on me at the under 1 year mark. If you're considering buying this because you think it's the best bang for your buck, let that thought go. If I could do it all over again, I'd buy something different. I hate this thing.
1,Let me begin by saying that I'm not that experienced in hack-n-slash games. I play games, but I don't obsess over them (like some die-hards on these boards here), I think I fall under the MAJORITY, the casual gamers who play games to have FUN! If there is challenge along with the game, then so be it, but first, and foremost, I'm only interested in having FUN with the game.		And this game...Isn't fun AT ALL. It's frustrating, and the fun factor is replaced by infuriating game play. This game should fall under the "Rent First" category. But I decided to listen to a friend's advice to buy the game (last time I listen to his advice), he said that the game is difficult, but fun...Yeah, right. This game reminds me of ONE game (and this is something that NEW and CASUAL players need to know) Eve Online.		This game actually has a learning curve that you would end up NEEDING to have a webpage open to understand what in the heck you need to do, where to go, and where to avoid. There is no map (which would've helped a TON). And the AI is unforgiving at the LOWEST level. Let's not forget that every time you use a Bonfire, you manage to inexplicably re-spawn all the enemies you killed!		I've heard people talking about how "grinding" isn't required, and I think their drunk on their own Kool-Aid. The fact is that by all the enemies that you killed inexplicably re-spawn after use of the bonfire MEANS that you will re-kill all the enemies that you just killed a couple of SECONDS ago (which, by definition, means your grinding).		The game play does have something to be desired. The parry system is broke (or very laggy) and you will get hit and you will have a heck of a time timing ANYTHING (which relegated me to only blocking attacks). The dodge/roll is clunky, you will get hit when dodging/rolling out of the way of an attack (and it's also ridiculously tough to time right). I THINK (and don't quote me on this) the problem is that you seem to lag while doing these moves which might be the reason behind this.		I can honestly say that this game DOES NOT make me want to play the game. It makes me want to do anything else BUT play this game. That is one of the worse put-downs I think anyone could give to a game and this game is on that list.		I'm not saying to avoid it...Rent it first. But be prepared to have a couple of controllers broken as a result.		Me?...I'm going to see about selling this game. Maybe I could get SOME money of this garbage...
1,Do NOT I repeat Do NOT buy the game of the year version unless you buy it BRAND new or you know for sure the code has not been used on steam. You will only be able to play this version on steam and steam only. There is a security issue check when running the game and with the game disc. Even though you have the correct disc in the drive the game will continue to ask you to insert the correct disc and will not run. I have been unable to find any kind of patch that fixes the issue. I was however able to get it to work on steam by downloading steams updated version. Contacted SEGA through Relic to see if I can get a replacement disc or perhaps a patch that will fix the issue. I got a response back from SEGA and the only option is to play on steam. Oddly enough the 1st expansion does not suffer from this issue and read nor does the gold version (which comes with the original game and first expansion) but I bought my disc separately because it was cheaper that way. I have not played the game as of yet and based on videos of other playing looks like a lot of fun much like Dawn of War. Hope this helps someone since I have become the unaware victim.
1,This game would have been great back in the 90's, before gamepads, It is a game which is played with the combonation of joy stick and keyboard. However it is good for the kids, if you want your kids playing games which involve shooting, etc.
1,I used to love Final Fantasy. I played 1-6, and loved them all. Final Fantasy 3/6 is one of my favorite games of all time. But personally, for 7 and beyond, I kind of fell off the boat. I never really liked the transition to 3d, especially because it heralded the introduction of the hour-long cutscene. I got very tired of watching movies instead of playing games, and I never really got back on board from these experiences. Hard-up for a good JRPG, I decided I'd try my best to give 13 a go. Square/Enix has had a while to refine the formula, so maybe things would be different.		The good:	-The graphics are shiny. I won't quite agree with people claiming this is the best-looking game ever, but it's a good-looking game. The game employs a now-common trick where you see much more graphically rich character models while adventuring or in cutscenes, then much lower-quality models in the actual battles. Since I only care about the battles, I see pretty standard graphics for a current game.	-Sazh has a chocobo in his afro. It's pretty cute / funny.		The bad:	-Er, everything else.		This game is only as challenging as you want it to be. In battle, you shift between Paradigms, which are basically scripts for the characters. Everything happens so fast that direct control should only be used for micromanagement, so the majority of the time you're just shifting paradigms and watching the results play out (which does not make me happy). Theoretically, you could just use a healing Paradigm all the time and only attack while you're buffed out, to win every battle with little or no challenge. The game tries to balance this by having a reward system that basically gives you more XP for finishing battles faster. However, if you max out your ratings all the time, you will often hit arbitrary level caps which are set throughout the game and are only released as you progress in the story. So really, there's a lot of room to play things conservative, which really defeats the purpose of the ratings system, and you can get really lazy on the ratings if you're going to grind and do side-quests. Speaking of which...		Yes, this is Final Fantasy on rails. There is no world map, there basically aren't any towns, and because your levels will max out at various points there's not that much motivation to finish off sidequests. Except that they made gil(money) a little more rare to encourage you to put up with the bother if you want to assemble the best items. The illusion of choice is just so transparent. You only ever have one place to go, and everything else along the way is only there for completionists. Instead of crawling towns to find a store, there's one floating box you'll find appearing throughout every level that's a magical save point / store / options menu rolled into one. They might as well have just had autosaving checkpoints and let you purchase items at any time.		So basically, you have to make your own fun. You can shift paradigms, you can manually control characters, you can grind all the sidequests... and you'll have hit the current level cap ten hours ago and just built up a wealth of XP that will mean you have the exact same problem even faster on the next chapter.		And the story? For all the millions of dollars spent on animation and voice acting, there's really nothing there. Yes, technically, there's an incredibly complicated backstory and tons of development- everyone in the game rambles on for thirty minutes at a time in cutscenes, so plenty gets said. However, since there's no world map, you never have to worry about where you're going next. Since you're often going to be at max level, there's no need to worry about who you're fighting. Since all you're really doing is going from point A to point B in the meantime, with no real choices to make other how much you feel like grinding, there's no reason to worry about why you're fighting. Cutscenes for me boiled down to waiting for Sazh's Chocobo appear, which didn't happen nearly often enough to balance out all the rambling.		So overall, it's just a very mediocre game weighed down by overly long cutscenes. It's pretty, but it's shallow. There's tens of hours of gameplay to be had, but you never really have any reason to care about any of it. Except the baby chocobo. And then only because it's cute.		The puzzling:	-Orange and blue. There's been a trend in marketing in recent years where it's been discovered that the colors orange and blue have the most visual contrast, and therefore the most impact on viewers. Go ahead and try to find a single minute in this game where the colors orange and blue aren't onscreen together- I dare you.
1,I'm a game collector for the most part so I was pretty eager to ante up the dough for a Atlus game figuring it would hold value pretty well into the future.  This game bucks the trend of quality titles from this company.  The game feels very burdened from the start as the tutorial leads you through a long winded set of instructions and story before turning you loose.		The screens aren't all that helpful and feel much like 16 bit era directions on how to play the game.  Don't expect all the modern trapping here.  The gameplay itself is laborious and tedious.  Battle will take you 15 minutes so don't expect anything that you can enjoy unless you have an hour to dedicate at a time.		The long term playability is there if you care to sink your time into this game but I think most US players will hate the forever long dialogue that isn't even voice acted.  Pick this one up to complete an Atlus collection or a 360 set but other than that leave this one for the next guy.
1,I like the game but don't like the fact that it didn't come with the cover page and booklet.
1,Unfortunately all the negative reviews on this are true, way too many flaws and the combat system in this is terrible. There are way better games out there than this.
1,The worst of the Saints Row series so far.  This game should not be called Saints Row at all and should have been a completely new game with new characters and a new name.  This is an absolute insult to the Saints Row series and a complete disappointment in every way.  The story line is crap, with an unbelievable garbage plot that insults your intelligence at every turn.  The characters have digressed to the point that they are not even the same person that had been painstakingly developed over the last three games.  It is simply a grind to repeat the same mission over and over and over until you've met all of the requirements to increase your abilities and then fight a mildly challenging boss.  Rinse and repeat until your fight the boss.  I beat it in one night during my son's birthday party lock in video gaming party.  One night.  Around seven hours.  Yes, I skipped the extra missions, but they were so unappealing that I had zero interest in ever doing them.  Just a complete waste of time and a complete waste of your money.  You will be better off returning to Saints Row 2 or 3.  This one is not true to the series.
1,For solo playing: 1 star	For Co-op: 4 stars		Overall: not very good
1,I have loved Call of Duty for over a decade now and own every game since COD4:MW. This game is the first that has severely let me down. I gave Ghosts a 3/5 last year for feeling Blah, but that game really felt like Call of Duty and I got 14 days (in hours) of playing time out of it. Im 40 hours into Advanced Warfare (plus probably another 8 hours for the campaign), and might just be done with it. The game just isn't fun, and usually is just frustrating. I cant get into a good game where I can just play random people, as this game matches you based on skill and I have a 2.0 kd, it always puts me against a clan or into a game where my team is already getting destroyed, and all the details in this game just feel wrong. I also hat the exo, the maps, and none of the guns are fun to use.		Im giving Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare a 2 out of 5. It has good graphics, and the campaign was okay, but the new Exo Suit wrecks multiplayer, and a lot of details in this game are lacking. I look forward to seeing what Treyarch is working on, but am likely done buying anything with the words Advanced Warfare or Sledgehammer written on it.
1,My 7 year old desperately wanted this for his birthday since he loves Ninjago. I thought it would be similiar to a Lego Star Wars game tha the has for his Nintendo DS that he loves. Turns out, I was wrong. This is much harder and complicated. He lost interest after really trying to learn, for a couple of hours. Only for older kids.
1,The game is less complex and engaging than its predecessor, Diablo II. But that's not the big problem. The big problem is that you cannot play the game at all unless you have an active connection to Blizzard's servers. If you're not connected to the Internet, you can't play... not even a single-player game. If you're in the middle of a single-player game and your network connection hiccups, the game quits without warning. If Blizzard's servers go down, same problem... and they've gone down several times a day so far. I guarantee that you won't feel like you're getting $60 worth of entertainment out of this game after all the frustration involved in actually getting it to play.
1,didnt work right.
1,not well coded for PC...maybe works better for kids with PlayStation or some other console where there are joysticks and other extra buttons. On the PC, AI movement is to complex to allow you to us the keyboard effectively. maybe that is why the PC version is so cheap compared to the console versions...
1,I was disappointed when they released Resetti standing up. Resetti should be underground with dirt surrounding. Bought it for the collection, but it still hasn't grown on me. Not a fan of this amiibo.
1,When you see Call of Duty on a box,  you just expect it to automatically be good to great. This was certainly a surprise especially after a splash title like Call of Duty 4. You don't have expectations of it being better, the same or even a bit less, but not this bad. Did they change developers or change the original team? The only thing I can think of is they were in a huge hurry to get it out before Christmas and decided to go with a quick port from consoles. This would explain the muddy graphics and well not sure what to say about the storyline or game play. Sad to see this miss the mark, but after years of success, sometimes you get lazy and assume the name alone is worth the price. In this case, not.
1,I've been playing the Soul Calibur games since SC2. This game really falls short compared to other titles in the series. The graphics are excellent but that's the only thing I was impressed with. The gameplay is standard for SC but I find it difficult to pull of lengthy combos and moves compared to earlier installments. Also, I still have yet to figure out what the player leveling up does for the game experience, it doesn't seem to unlock anything that I can see.	The story mode is perhaps the biggest let down. The story is not very well written or scripted. I find it incredibly frustrating and lame that the developers decided to make the cut scenes in between chapters to play out as motion comic style scenes with the rare cinematic animation. For my money, this game should have made better use of animated cut scenes. Also, the cut scene dialogue is often very slow and really not worth sitting through as it's quite boring.	All in all, I'm not too pleased with this game compared to other SC titles.
1,I was so excited when I found out that EA was not going to include the draconian copy protection that was on Spore..  (I wouldn't put that on my computer for ANY game.. and I love to play.).. that I went right out and bought the whole shebang.  Collectors edition, book, everything.		 I was that sure and ready to love it. How could I not? Sims 2 gave me hours, weeks, months genuine years of endless entertainment.		How could they have disappointed  me so badly that the game was off my computer and on the floor so quickly?		First of all, the Sims are ugly.  Really, really butt ugly.  The faces look bloated and dead and you cannot fix them.  Believe me, I tried for hours and hours and I could not come up with anything I would want to play with.	Second of all, they took away everything with the game play that made it so engrossing for people like me.  Storytelling.		The freedom to go anywhere in the hood is great.. its just ruined by the fact that once you get there your Sim goes inside and you sit outside wondering what is going on in there.  It sinks in that you paid good money for a video game of staring at a roof and listening to crowd noises inside.. but it's kind of a relief because the roof is a lot prettier to look at then the Sims are anyway.		What happened to the brilliance of the Sims2 game?  This is very sad.
1,"Bloated" is the word that come mind when playing this game. There are too many 'features' in this game to learn. These things don't add any to gameplay, but end up confusing and making you learn about another aspect to play. Don't get me wrong, this is a high quality game, but could be so much more if it would have kept things simple.		You have to learn/manage:	Your pet (how to make them, link with them, 'pet' them, ect, ect.	Your inventory (keyblades, ect.)	The drop system (you have to manage 2 people)	Your command deck	The dive sequence controls	Your 'regular' controls	Reality shifts	Some crap about bubbles	Something about putting your pets in the arena		And I kid you not, this is just the stuff I remember off the top of my head. If learning about different aspects of the gameplay won't confuse you, the story will. There is WAY too much FLUFF in this game to be enjoyable. I think there are more tutorials and cutscenes than actual gameplay. This game is too much of a CHORE. Another negative is there are way too many random encounters.		This is a perfect example of a game that tries way too hard. Games should be enjoyable, not something that you spend half the game trying to learn.
1,Since there haven't been too many racing titles released recently, I was looking for something new to play with. Unfortunately, Grid 2 was a disappointment for me. If you're looking for dog-eat-dog, cut-throat competition, this might be your cup of tea, but it's not something that I really find enjoyable. For me, there really isn't anything fun here. The handling seems a bit squirrelly and too abrupt, especially when you try to brake. You don't have the option of any kind of visible driving line or really any kind of other driver aids for that matter. If you're a hard-core racing purist, this might appeal to you, but I don't think this will appeal to the majority of us that just want to have some fun. It's just too much work with not much of any payoff. You can customize the paint/livery, and that's really it. No functional customization or upgrades to improve your cars at all. Could have been fun - sadly, it just wasn't (for me). How much longer until GT6 & Forza 5?
1,ONCE YOU PLAYED IT ONCE, YOUR TIRED OF IT.
1,I ordered this game for my collection.  The ad was very accurate.  The game was shipped quickly & safely.  I would purchase from them again.  The only negative thing I have to say is about the game itself.  Square Enix, who up till now, I held in high esteem for their RPG games.  I am afraid they published a stinker of a game!
1,It is missing the memory and I still have "NOT" been able to use it.  Not a good purchase, I would much rather return it.
1,I would agree with anybody that the 1999 Soul Calibur on Dreamcast was a Masterpiece. I really loved that game. But that was 6 years ago!		There is nothing new about Soul Cabibur 3. It's just the same old stuff that you had already played for hundreds of hours years ago.		There are a few new moves and combos, but the new moves just turn the game into a "Button Masher". Which means you can easily  beat the game by rapidly mashing the attack button. The previous games made you think a little about your strategy, but now there is NO strategy or real skill involved.		Plus it's on Playstation, so you know what type of graphics your getting (the worst graphics out of the 3 systems).
1,It wants to be a game, except it's really just some quicktime events and a few poorly done shooting arcades. It wants to be a cinematic experience, except the story is incomplete, unresolved, and has consistency errors. So what is it? It looks beautiful, but since it can be played in a day I suggest you just rent it instead of paying so much for it. Some of the guns are fun, except that you only get to use them a few times.
1,This game is not as good as it like... I love old fashioned Japanese RPG game type Chrono Trigger, Secret of Mana, Final Fantasy... Checking the online demo this one look like a mix of FF Tactics and Arcana (SNES) which were two games I loved and decided to go for this game.		I've played a couple of hours so far and I don't really appreciate what I see...		1st: You can't really chose where you go, you have a goal and go for it.. period		2nd: It's NOT and OPEN WORLD game, you can't walk on the street, the towns are simply options in the menu and between the towns you move to specific spots only.		3rd: The story is not very interesting, everything is spoken in Japanese with English Subtitle, which is ok but at the very beginning you have to create a character and there are not much explanations, you have to chose a complex configuration for your character and it cannot be changed afterwards. You are stuck with the weapon type you chose.		4rth: So far the fights are very very long and you don't get much XP or Money from them, I like the game where you can fight a couple of hours, kill hundreds of monster and be able to get good amount of money... but this is not the case with this game.		Pro: The only pro I have found so far is the ability to create specialized weapon for your character, but again the cons is it requires hard to find items and testing to know the result cost you hours of game play to get the money and or the items.		If want to spend 100 hours playing in circle with repetitive battle over battle over battle and learn some Japanese... go for it. If you're a hardcore fan of JRPG and like juvenile stories .... this is your game... if not, don't buy it.
1,Although they have done a lot to improve the game since launch, it has many lingering issues that are hard to overlook. Basic functions that all triple A MMOs have are strangely missing from Guild Wars 2. You cannot /follow another player. There is no way to list who is playing in a particular zone. You cannot even simply hand someone an item (you must mail it to them). You can't inspect someone's gear to see what they have. There is no LFG system to find groups, or automatic dungeon finders, or even a global channel to chat.		I've been playing MMOs since Everquest 1, and this is far the "grindiest" mmo I've ever played or heard of. Just about everything you want to accomplish is done by doing some mundane task hundreds if not thousands of times. Lets say you want to get a best in slot ring. The only way to get this is by doing one certain 5-man dungeon (fractals of the mists). In most MMOs you would do the dungeon and get the ring, or at least have a chance of getting it. Not in GW2. To get the ring you must first do the dungeon nine times, this enables you to receive "level 10 rewards". Then once you are level 10, you must do the dungeon once per day for your "fractals daily", which will give you a token. Save up 10 of these tokens, and finally you can trade it in for a ring. This means you have to do the same dungeon 18 times over the course of at least 10 days to get a reward.		Another massive problem the game has is class balancing. They seem to not care that certain classes are incredibly powerful, where others are almost useless. If you decide to buy this game, do yourself a favor and make a warrior. As people stand around the main city spamming to form groups, the most common thing you'll see is the words "warriors only", because they blow away every other class as far as dps is concerned. The ideal group composition is four warriors and a mesmer (who is able to haste the group) to make the warriors do even more damage. Five warriors is almost as good.		The fact the game has no monthly fee is a huge plus, and probably why it wasn't another "3 monther". The graphics are pretty and the music is pretty good. Without more improvements this is a 2 star product.
1,I thought it was gonna be like road rash it sucked n the graphics are like it should of been released on ps2 but I still played it n got a platinum trophy cuz I paid 30 bucks for it the day it came out I should of waited til it was used n got it cheaper
1,just stop with these games, they've sucked forever, this one is just too hard and cheesy. die mega man or x or zero or whatever the main character is now.
1,This item did not work with the TV that I have.
1,This retail version of SF5 should have been released with a price of 19.99 for what they give you. really upset with this Im just about done with incomplete games. I fear the only thing that's going to stop this halfway game ports is if we the gamers  just all together just don't buy them and or take them back to retail stores to show them that we the people made them triple A and we can take it away.yes I was one of the poor souls that preorder. If you played the beta you have played 85 to 90% of the game NO BULL!
1,Tried this on a friends gaming rig, and the only thing I can say is-No, just No. Check out the reviews on Steam, and see that I mean. An Alpha game, at best.
1,I invested a lot of time into this game, and after getting stuck in a mission that I couldn't win, I gave up. So let me tell you why you'll hate this game:		1. Fast Travel is unreliable, sometimes it's available, sometimes it's not available. What gives?	2. You can't skip missions, so no matter how many times you fail it's very unlikely you'll win.	3. Some of the missions are ridiculously difficult	4. I HATE playing with people! And this game has several missions where you have to make sure Carlos, the blond, or the black guy don't die. Seriously? I'd rather play alone than put up with useless characters that can't survive without my help.	5. The plane was very difficult to control, the helicopter is better.	6. The plane never stalls when you're going up, that's completely unrealistic.	7. I don't mind liberating towns, but sometimes you don't know where the billboards are, or where's the propaganda van, so it's a pain in the butt flying (with the grappling hook) all over the town to find the things you need before you can raise the flag.		Honestly, this game would be a lot better if it took the best things from Grand Theft Auto and Far Cry and incorporated them. Too bad it doesn't.		Come on, Square Enix, we play games to HAVE FUN, not to get increasingly frustrated.
1,I enjoyed the scenery and the attempt at a Jules Verne type game.  However, the game never did anything that got me involved or invested in the characters.  Story is disjointed and challenging at times to understand.  First person shooter part seems sluggish and awkward.	Disappointed in that I was hoping for this game to kind of pick-up on the cityscapes offered in so many Assassin's creed games but have a better story line that encouraged me to invest my time into the characters....
1,Just like the headline says. It appears if you create Chris Benoit and upload it to the online community,you'll get banned. I pre-ordered this game to get Sting and well now I regret it. Even the 2K showcase mode is disappointing.		You can relive the rivalries that CM Punk had with John Cena and such but I would've like to relive better rivalries.	Just watch this game on twitch.tv or rent it somehow. Not worth the $60.
1,Great game, but the origin DRM would force close the game when my internet goes out, i had to download a version from a friend of mine just to make it playable
1,Within 2 weeks there was a shorage in the cord, so it works off and on, I blame my kids because they play it while it's charging, (and the one from nintendo did the same, hence the purchase of this one) So I just have to come up with a better solution for my family.
1,The game is SO fun if you can get around the freezing glitches.  I still can't get past one, no matter what I do.  I am so heartbroken about it and there's nothing I can do.
1,bad
1,Ok I loved all the MGS series, except 4 and this one. I'm just annoyed with this game and not having fun with it. Ok, the missions are repetetive, alot of it is just frustrating, and you have to mark every enemy or else you will walk into them and they will see you.	Stealth is not an option the entire game, you have to go guns blazing alot, especially missions where your freaking surrounded by soldiers. It is a joke.		The story, I don't even know what the story is about, just kill some freddy cougar looking dude (he looks pretty cool actually) and there's some fire monster, apparently he is invincible to, Everything.  I don't even want to get into that part of the game.		Ok, now the missions are fun at first, and then theres alot of parts like uuuh, what the f*** am I supposed to DO?? Where is the guy???? (A frustrating hour later), OH!!! I had to stand there and watch them talk, and THEN follow them. (If you don't do this, they completely dissapear).		You have to scavenge TONS of bases, that are all pretty much set up the same, and find blueprints, just to be able to make new weapons. And yup, you guessed it, how do you get the blueprints? He!! If anybody knows, there is only one soldier on every base that you have to interrogate, to even get that.		Snake, but no bandanna, a trademark of MGS. You unlock it more than half way through the game.		The ghost people or whatever they are called come up out of nowhere, and have guns and shoot you, but low and behold,  You can't shoot or kill them! They are evil.		It goes on and on, I'm just PLAYING IT BY HABIT. Like an addiction.  But this game really loses it's fun and becomes a chore as you progress.		Read that above paragraph again. That is Exactly how I feel about the MGSV Phantom Pain.		Last game or not, I am not feeling this game so much. There are some great moments in it, but are few and far between.  The dog is one. But guess what, Even if you sent it out, they go on alert like it's you running and attacking the guards. What??		1 out of 5 Konami, and Kojima. This was a 100% GHOST of the previous Metal Gear Solids.
1,Worked fine for three months. Then the mute button, which is a mechanical switch, simply stopped responding. Now it stays muted, so I can hear but not speak. Useless.
1,Unless you are a really, REALLY serious hardcore fan of samurai shodown, stay the hell away from this game. If you will not heed these words, at the very least, rent it first.		SNK Playmore had great ambitions for this game. They took their most beloved franchise and gave it a 3D makeover, online play, and tried to make it as much  as Soul Calibur as possible. Unfortunately, things went horribly wrong. There are only 2 things going right for this game: the graphics and the sound. Each character is recreated flawlessly in 3D and their familiar sounds are also done very well. That the game has that many characters does not hurt either.		Unfortunately, everything else about the game is just terrible. Many of the characters in the game are brand-new, generic run-of-the-mill filler characters which play surprisingly similar to each other and to characters in other 3D fighters. The controls, practically the most important component of all fighting games, feel clunky and unresponsive. It seems as if the characters struggle to move around in the environment, and getting out of the way of an incoming attack is mission impossible. As always, the boss characters in this and practically all SNK Playmore games are cheap and unforgiving.		Devoid of any kind of back story or endings, the game almost feels as if the characters were thrown in the game like you would throw ingredients in a stir fry: whatever is available, put it in there. There are no character bios, no ending cut scenes, no character intros, nothing. Aside from a survival mode, there isn't really anything to keep you interested once you beat the arcade mode. And online? Try finding someone to actually battle against!		Overall, the report card grade for this game would be a D. Only the graphics and the sound are good, while everything else is crap. If you want to try this game, rent it. If you want to buy this game, I recommend you don't!!
1,I had fun playing Diablo 3 for awhile but there's little reason to replay it again. The first play-through was alright until you realize how repetitive it was. There's also a problem with the difficulty scaling I think. On the first play-through the game was almost too easy and then on the next difficulty the game is way too hard. I think part of that has to do with how terrible the loot is. 95% of the loot you find is worse than the same equipment you found ages ago and 99% of the loot is for a different class then you're playing. I beat Diablo 3 Inferno difficulty and the loot I got after the Diablo boss fight was a joke. I think there was one item for my current class and it's stats were way under what I already had from the beginning of the game.		If you can pick up Diablo 3 for cheap I'd buy it but there's no reason to pay $60 for it. I can see why so many people are disappointed with Diablo 3 after playing it myself.
1,the fan makes so much noise and only acts as an exhaust. not so much a fan. buy something else
1,The controller I got was a chinese bootleg!	Be very careful when ordering a Dualshock 3 controller!
1,No gamepad only support. I don't get lots of time to use the tv so I guess I wasted $60. Nintendo get your act together and support your hardware.
1,Asheron's Call is a basic RPG played online. You create your character from three different races of humans (basically English, Arabian or Japanese) and then assign skills and stats to customize your character. And then you're launched into the world of Asheron's Call.	The first thing that strikes you is the scale of the game. It's huge. The second thing is the unavoidable question: What do I do know? Now here's what I did: After entering the game I wandered around for an hour or two trying to make scense of it all. I was then asked by another player if I wanted to swear allegiance to him (which meant that he would be my patron and help me get started with my char.). So I then followed my patron around for a few hours and did what he told me to do. I killed a lot of monsters and was given a lot of equipment. This quickly became boring and I quit playing and traded the game in at my local games store for a copy of "Sacrifice" (which was much more exciting).	The main problem with an online RPG is, in my opinion, the lack of meaning or a goal. At least in the beginning. You just wander around and kill things. There's no quests. There's no nothing. Just wandering around in this huge (note: to get an idea of how huge it really is, read Douglas Adam's description of infinity in "The Hitchiker's Guide To The Galaxy") world. Another things that really bothers me, is the fact that you have to pay a monthly fee ($... in this case) to play a game you initially paid a fair sum of money for (in my case, $...). Why is this? I'm sure there are some expences in keeping the servers going, but not $... a month for each player. On Microsoft's webpages, it said that there were over 200k people playing the game. Multiply that number by $... and you get the staggering amount of $... a month (no way it costs that much to maintain the servers). Capitalism rules, I guess.
1,I'm a huge spiderman fan, but I'm sorry to say this game was kind of dissapointing.  The graphics are great, the story is interesting (although it kind of leaves everything hanging, not everyone is going to by the next issue of USM to find out what happens), the gameplay is good (too many chase scenes though)...BUT...THE GAME LASTED 5 HOURS!!!!....that means that each hour of gameplay costs you 10 freaking dollars....it's just not worth it.
1,This game does not have enough content to justify the price. Its literally about 1-2 hours of unique gameplay, and the rest of it is just a reskin of the same thing you did for those first 2 hours. Combat is stiff and terrible. Exploration is boring and tedious. The generated creatures all stand around and do nothing. The alien NPCs also stand around and do nothing. There is no reason to buy this game until they add a lot more content, and drop the price significantly.
1,Never buy anything made by "Ubisoft". R6V2 is a frustrating game that has no rewards, poor artwork, and no help. In other words, a typical "Ubisoft" game. I can't believe "Tom Clancy" underwrote this game. He must have made some "bad investments" and needed the money, or maybe he is going "senile".	The bottom line: Save Your Money. Buy something else. Anything else. Popcorn. Muffler bearings. Hats for your cats. Anything but this game.	Write this on a rock: Never buy anything made by "Ubisoft". You might as well just throw your money down the toilet and flush with great vigor.	This game is frustratingly "stupid". If I could have given it "no stars" I would have. First thing in the morning I'm going to load the R6V2 disc into the "clay pigeon" trap and launch it across the creek. Let the Coyotes treat it like the "limp rabbit" that it is. Good riddance.
1,I've played vietnam games a lot like Viet Cong, NAM and this one is right up there with them.  good graphics, storyline and weapons....Love the part where planes come in and napalm an area.  The load times are long and no gauge or level to see how much time before gameplay starts....lot of swearing and bad language in the game - but it's a lot of fun!
1,Where to start, I was expecting much from the addon to the great game FEAR. Instead you get little. They reused much of the same textures, dark area's, and characters from the original.		No new characters to speak off,non exsistent story line even weaker than  the first. You will have a hard time finding much new here.		 The game is far too short, you can finish in about 3-5 hours, and its too easy, even on the hardest setting. Ohh and to top it off it adds nothing to multiplayer at all, no new levels, characters or weapons, not even a new mode.		If you never bought the original, you can have the multiplayer for free! Truly there is no reason to pick this up at all.  The game is still fun in the way the first game was fun, but feels less like an expansion and more like the last few levels they left out of the game :(.		 Not worth 30 dollars in anyway shape or form. Best to wait and buy in the bargin bin for 10 dollars or less. In other words don't support developers who put this kind of "stuff" out at almost full game price, its a rippoff at best.		 We need to Show big companies Like EA, Activision, and Vivendi that its not alright to rip us off, the only thing they understand is not buying their products. I finished this the first night I bought it in 3.5 hours of none too exciting gameplay. Then you can uninstall and use as a coaster, an expensive coaster.
1,ANY songs you download with this game will be tied to the machine you downloaded them to. They cannot be redownloaded or repurchased on any other machine even with the master account you used to purchased them. This is a SERIOUS problem for anyone who makes a significant investment into additional songs, especially if you ever have to replace your PS3.		There are multiple postings in the PSN newsgroups about this problem--wish I knew about it before making my purchase.		The game is tons of fun, but until the copy protection is fixed consider investing elsewhere if there is an alternative.
1,My father is a seaman. I have seen many ships, sailed with him around the world numerous times. So ships are in my blood. When i saw this game I bought it without batting an eyelid. Well I wish I didn't because I now regret my decision.		The game is unique in its concept. We never really had a maritime ship simulation that wasn't centrally focused on war and sinking other ships :). This one happens to be just peace-time shipping simulation with different kinds of detailed ships ranging from cargo, to passenger, to rescues, to towing, to even trying to alter history by succesfully sailing Titanic to New york on its first maiden voyage etc. The game creator has gone to great details to simulate as much as possible the Intricacies of piloting as well as managing huge ships operations. Any aspiring sea captian or sea salt will identify with some if not most aspects of piloting a ship as simulated in this game. But to me thats where all the goodies end.		The cons associated with game are just too game-breaking to me and i have essentially stopped playing the game. Until these issues gets addressed i am not spending anymore money on this games series.		First and foremost this game badly needs a voluntary "Time Compression" feature. Not all of us have 2-3 hours to devote each time we decide to play this game to have some fun. Sometimes it take an hour or so just to get out of harbour and tag some hours more on this to complete the mission. With a game in which you are looking at ocean waves for hours this gets boring really fast. This is just plain very annoying and game destroying factor to me. I know some people have all the time in the world to savour and enjoy games but a lot don't too. Since its not a action oriented game the passage of time is felt even more. If they can incorporate a Time Compression feature it will make the game lot more open to different segments of gamers.		Second is the still dated graphics engine. I see lots of people commenting on how good the graphics look. I have a pretty good rig and i can play games like Mass Effect and Silent Hunter 4 in almost thearatical quality but even with everything maxed out this game just looks medicore graphics wise. The ships and ocean etc. looks very simplistically rendered from today's standard. The graphical quality of this game released in 2008 is kind of dissappointing though.		Last some of the missions in the game are just plain novice or fillers in my opinion. This game is geared towards people who like to pilot huge ships yet we have a lot of missions devoted to speed boats for stunts, hover boats etc. I bought the game to simulate a ship expirience not go around flipping in speed boats.		Anyways..i wouldn't really recommend anyone spend $40 bucks on this game. Wait until it gets to $19 or so bargain bin. And i hope the developers put some real effort into make a more viable ship simluator for its next incarnation or you are not getting any more money from me.
1,I can't really call this an rpg as it's lacking alot of key features,No leveling,No Exp,No Atk/Def stats,No party members.		This game is the result of innovation except bad things happen when Nintendo tries to innovate,here are some examples of Nintendo innovation:Phantom Hourglass,Spirit Tracks,Other M,and motion/waggle controls.		Instead of just giving us a traditional PM title Nintendo opted to give us pure casual trash,with Rpgs like Soul Hackers/Smt 4/EO4 on the horizon I fear this game will be left in the dust as 3DS gets the rpgs it deserves.		If you enjoy running from your enemies,hoarding your sticker collection,and frequently getting lost, then this is the game for you.		Halo 4 is out now, there is no real reason to buy anything thats not on an Xbox360
1,The games are great, the image is wonderful, it is a pity that the machine is garbbage. I bought mine on Jan 29 2007, that one broke and was replaced with new one by microsoft in September, today Jan 23 that one broke and I am to send it for repairs AGAIN!!!!!!! twice in one year. The console is used by an adult, 1 hour a day in average. Refunds? no they will not refund a penny just send it in and we'll send you another piece of garbbage that will break in 3 months time. There are great games  for other consoles as well so steer away from this horrible contraption.	Xbox customer support, great,what they should change is their engineering and manufacturing departments,
1,You can't even log in. You can't choose a specific server to create your character. Forget about playing with friends and family. This is basically a scam right now, taking people's money but not allowing them access to play. SE has not communicated to us during launch day for the server error. Of course Japan has gotten new servers, but not the rest of us where it's actually needed?		The overall rating here on Amazon says it all right now. Buy at your own risk. I cannot access my character along with thousands of others.
1,We purchased a product that was technically used. The product was supposed to be new but when we called Nintendo to solve some software issues due to an update we found out it had been purchased and registered a year prior from a Wal-Mart so it was no longer under manufacturer warranty!
1,Under-powered, and over-priced.  The system can't even run games at 1080p/30fps.  Do yourself/kids/family member a favor, get a Wii U or PS4.
1,It broke two hours after we hooked it up!! What a waste!
1,Broken twice within 50 hours of use, and Corsair will NOT replace.	Hardware Problems.
1,The game looks great. It plays great. Unfortunately it's crap under a shiny bonnet.	They really phoned this one in. It's frustrating because it looks great and plays so well. The problem and it is a HUGE one, is that on 150cc races against the ai, you can go the whole race and get hit a normal amount by the other racers. As soon as you are in first place and about 100-200 feet away from the finish line on the last lap, you will get hit repeatedly and often get knocked down to about 5th place.	There is an item you can get that nullifies an attack, but you rarely get it, and it's good for one attack against you. The problem is, they designed the ai in a way that forces people to play nintendos way to win. You have to sit back from the front until the last lap and then make your way to the front to consistently finish in the place you could have easily reached in the first lap.	Mario kart fans or not, I truly don't understand how so many people can overlook such a gigantic flaw.	I understand the game is big for parties and whatnot, but not everyone wants to play multiplayer all the time. They have gone the same route as other "next gen" titles by forcing you into playing multiplayer. Don't get me wrong, you can play the game and beat it against the ai, it's just so predictable when you will get hit, that you feel like if you want your monies worth, you need to play against actual people.	It's 2014, how has the computer become more predictable in this series?	I am not a mario kart fan boy. I bought a wii u recently and got mario kart 8 thinking it would be a great buy and a good time to delve into this cool little world. If you are not currently a major fan of mario kart games, look somewhere else. This game will NOT be worth 30$ unless you want to play multiplayer. If you pay more than 30$, seriously reconsider unless you have mario sheets and a yoshi bed spread.	This game is probably the best transforming racing game out there right now, but I would suggest looking into the sonic transforming game over this one.		This game does look fantastic. It has great levels. It plays very smooth. There is so much going for it, and that's why I'm so disappointed. They made such a great game besides one integral part of it falling flat on it's mustached face. Unfortunately it was one of the pillars of the game that wasn't even close to being level with the others that brought the whole thing down.		Don't buy the game unless you want to encourage this laziness in game design, because dollar signs are the motivators for game developers to repeat what they've done. If you're ok with how the game is, by all means go for it. Just don't jump in if you haven't already decided because there's and angry little goomba waiting at the bottom.
1,I didn't get to have Samus, I just got zero suit Samus don't buy this.
1,This game is overprice, there is not a very good selection when it comes to the music library. There is no online mode on this games that was the biggest thing for me not being able to play a battle online against someone.
1,gnashers are stupid beyond belief....
1,... and it was 1920x1080 resolution instead of my old monitor that was 1920x1200 resolution.  I played TDU2 in the past but I didn't enjoy it much. Still, it was sitting on my hard drive so I decided to give it another chance.  It gave me an "unsupported resolution" error.  Okay, so look for the so-called Setup file... there is none.  Out of that massive download, (the latest update alone required 2GB), there is no setup or configuration file?  I send a message to Atari asking for help.  Their response, and I am not joking, is to uninstall the program completely and download it over again... just to change the monitor resolution.  I uninstalled it.  The servers were down anyway.
1,Did not work for my son's game cube!!! He was so sad
1,It's just not that special. I liked Digimon world for Psx and 2, but this doesn't come close. It's ALL japanese voice acting and you have to read everything. I can hardly take it serious,  the women are sexy, but I'd expect that in a different type of game.		The start takes Forever to take off, and it's too many different options etc..also, it just doesn't feel like a digimon game. Now don't get it wrong, the digimon are awesome,  especially the original ones, but  they are too much of them, so it's not like you can really bond with them. The game story revolves around hacking and the net more than Digimon, and I just would have preferred this to have a different title.		2 out of 5. I'll be trading this in tomorrow.  ALSO,  THE characters are like, I just Dont like them that much. Besides the main character.  And what happened to training the Digimon yourself and not just sending them to some training farm. That's lazy. Screw you
1,If you have a windows 7 computer do not buy this product. The product will not download and EA is not attempting to fix the problem anytime soon. This product works well with Windows XP, and I'm not sure about Vista.
1,Sticky feel to them and they don't stay on the thumb sticks..
1,I expected downgrade textured since it was a port but... Game was unplayable, many times dipped to 10fps and would crash. Had to return to amazon for refund.		I heard a new patch will fix these issues, but I'm not gonna wait.		Warning to trophy hunters. The vita version trophy list is shared with ps3. No new trophies I'm afraid!
1,The most tedious, time consuming mess I've ever played.  EverCrack fans will love it.  I hate it.		The bad:		Huge zone load times, same poor net code as EQ1, terrible graphics, boring quests, spelling errors, bad NPC acting. The game frustrates and is tedious.  Your forced to use online resources to locate things.		The good:		Really great animations.  Nice interface.  Great sound.  Neat spell effects.		Recommendation:		Game is not for everyone, definitely not for me.  If you have huge holes in your social life, might as well fill it with EQ2 - that's what they made this game for.
1,The game is terrible, you have to find Sinzu Beans to fill you health, I played the level on Namek, going trough the doors in the room, everytime I do it, it makes me start at the beginning.
1,Slow moving game
1,I got this for my girlfriend, she could not get it to install at all. If she had told me sooner, I would have returned it. Very disappointing...
1,Very uncomfortable, average sound quality, makes my ears hot.  I usually like Logitech stuff but for me this was a bust.
1,I've had this game for a couple years now.  I've always been interested in historical events, particularly wars and I have always wanted there to be a great game made about one of these events.  In this case, the Civil War.  But I'm afraid I'm still searching, as AC: Divided Nation clearly does not fit the bill for me. I bought it online thinking it would be sort of like Command and Conquer or Age of Empires, which if it was like either it would totally kick butt!  But it's nothing like it.  Even after playing it many times, I still find it frustrating.  One major problem is it freaks out frequently and I have to close it and reopen it to fix it.  Another problem is it just seems rough around the edges, like it was slapped together in a basement the night before it was due, it doesn't seem fine tuned or anything.  It is frequently confusing and reading the manual won't help because it doesn't address any of the problems, so most of the time I would just tinker around until I finally figured it out or just give up.  Another thing that really made me mad was the little telegraph offices that are stationed around the map in random map mode, every time I would march guys by them, 10 or 20 guys would freeze if they touched it.  I couldn't get most of them unstuck and ended up killing them to get them out of the way.  It was like there was glue next to it or something.		There are three modes: campaign, single skirmish, and random map.  The campaign follows a specific general, like Grant, Lee or Jackson on several battles.  Single skirmish is just like it says, there is only one battle instead of several like in campign.  And random map is a poor attempt to copy C&C.  Instead of just being given the troops and resources like in the first two modes, in random map you have to collect supplies and make men, just like C&C or Age of Empires.  But everything is so much more confusing, tedious, and annoying that it just makes me quit and actually play C&C, even though I would rather play in a Civil War era.		Bottom line: don't get this game if you're looking for a fun Civil War game (it also does the Mexican War, where you can be Texas or Mexico and the War of 1812).  Unfortunately, to my knowledge, there isn't a good Civil War game out right now.  History Channel: Civil War gets like a 5 out of 10 on several gamer websites, which isn't horrible but even the reviewer himself said it was only worth a few mindless hours of fighting and that's it.  Hopefully we will get lucky and some company will make a good game, for PC, PS3, Xbox 360 or all of the above.  This game isn't expensive at all, but no sense to waste even 5 or 10 dollars on this as you will probably dislike it.  You almost have to graduate from West Point to be able to understand everything in this game!  I think they went way over the top in trying to make it super realistic, it's like they were so intent on doing that that they forgot about the fun part.  Come on!  The whole reason I play games is to have fun and relax, not get frustrated and mad.
1,I guess with no story or anything, I lack the drive to play this much.  I shouldn't have bought it.  Still searching for the heir to the pre-Paradise Burnout games, which I loved so dearly.  This ain't it.
1,This game has not aged well at all. Quite frankly the quality of final fantasy games has been waning. This game is just boring as hell.
1,This was horrible, it wasn't packaged well and didn't work..  I got a hold of the seller to return the item.  All was great and then my debit card was stolen and had to be replaced.  I asked about refund options.  He said all I can do is hit refund.  This was after I explained I didn't have that card anymore.  My thoughts - wow not so nice!!
1,Really, it's sad that for how long the DS has been out, not even a Pokemon game can be good.  I'm not a huge Pokemon fan, but I still enjoy the games a lot.  This isn't much of a Pokemon game at all.  It has "Pokemon" in the title, but this is just a poor excuse for a racing game.  It's repetative, slow, and doesn't show us what the DS can do.		The gameplay is already the first strike against the game.  You control Pikachu through all the races, and the only aspect of the gameplay is... well... moving the stylus left and right to direct Pikachu where to go.  That's it!		There are challenges, and there is a map.  The entire goal is to pass through all the various checkpoints and win the race.  Along the way there's water, lava, chasms and other things that get in your way.  Sometimes, you may need a balloon to help you over some of the obstacles.		But the problem with the game right off the bat is simple.  The races, short as they may be, are annoying.  Especially when you get in a balloon.  The map is nice, but you have to rely on arrows as you race to point you in the direction to the next checkpoint.  It's nice to be able to take the balloons, but the arrows don't point you in any direction once you get a balloon.  You could possibly end up floating in the wrong direction because the map is so large you don't know where to go!		The extras are even more underlying.  By loading in one of the GBA pokemon games, you can create tracks shaped like the Pokemon themselves.  This has little innovation actually, and the regular tracks are already boring enough.		The graphics aren't up to par with DS standards either.  Vibrant and colorful, but at the same time fuzzy and lacking detail.  The audio is no different.  I'm tired of hearing Pikachu's cute little squeals and whatnot.  His voice got annoying (as if Pokemon Yellow wasn't bad enough with his voice!), and the rest of the audio wasn't great either.  I turned the volume down in the end.		Really now, Pokemon games on the handheld systems usually aren't bad.  Pokemon Red and Blue was incredible, Gold and Silver was even better.  Pokemon Puzzle League Challenge wasn't such a bad game either.  But this?  This is obviously something rushed out so that the DS would have a Pokemon title out within its first couple of months.		Skip this game.  Unless you're one hell of a die-hard Pokemon fan, you won't find enjoyment in this one.
1,After the break through in HD quality 720p, the full HD followed it and were now in time where 3D is reality in every house!!!! Wait wait, with Sony eye you will go back to tradition :) where 3D and FHD or HD is not important, your going back to the 4:3 aspect ratio, and the lovely poor colors :)		I thought for the first time I've seen my self on this camera that I'm the hulk since I turned in green color thanks to Sony great Technology.		This camera has a good concept but:		1- image quality is SD don't expect anything, it has the DOOM resolution :)	2- colors are terrible, however you might enjoy it thinking that your turned into the HULK or batman. Believe me when I took it back to the store they asked to check it before refunding me the money and the store manager immediately refunded back the money to me, guys were in the end of 2010 and this is the lowest ever image quality I have seen since 5 years.	Audio Quality: I was astonished by the idea that 4 built in microphones, thinking that I will have a great sound, it appeared that my voice was turned into E.T. Voice some how, my voice is chopped and it was more like robot then human, it's not at all a good microphones, tested on windows and PS3		Good:		1- it has an optical zoom	2- it looks good only.		Guys if you have new flat 1080 TV this is not at all your baby. Recommended to 4:3 t.v only
1,terrible
1,Worst in the series by a long shot.
1,Did not contain bluetooth hardware
1,Don't even use it, you can just plug into back of tv or into your audio system.
1,A little background:		I loved Postal 2. While it certainly wasn't the best game ever made (or even one of them) I was thoroughly entertained by it. What it lacked in original gameplay or graphics it made up for with quality anti-PC humor and sheer audaciousness. But you know? The game itself wasn't all that bad either. It was a FPS with open world exploration. With the advent of the GTA franchise player freedom was all the rage in the early 2000's and Postal 2 followed suite. You were given a small list of things you had to get done each day and you could do them at your leisure and in any order you wanted. Or you could just wander the town and cause mayhem. It was up to you!		Fast forward to the present day and we find ourselves tethered to a rail and instructed to perform tasks one at a time. We are transported to the location that said duty must be performed and we are given the weapon and/or device with which to do it. The area we are given to perform each task is very small and exploration is out of the question. Success or failure of each level usually depends on you surviving an onslaught of armed enemies while either gathering objects or keeping an NPC alive so you can't go at your own pace even if you wanted to. Also the game has ditched the first person view of the last title and has gone with a third person perspective. With some notable exceptions, third person shooters don't translate well to mouse and keyboard controls and this one is no different. While some of the weapons are creative, using them is an exercise in frustration. You'll find yourself spinning around in circles getting irritated that the guy just won't do what you want him to. Imagine an incredibly imprecise and unresponsive version of Mass Effect. That's pretty much what the controls are like. I don't know who thought using half baked cover shooter mechanics in a Postal game was a good idea but I'd suggest he should put down the health pipe for a while.		The raunchy humor is back but it seems forced this time around. It seems the writers sat around thinking of ways to be offensive first and funny second. I enjoy offensive humor if it is, in fact, humorous (see South Park for a good example) but being raunchy for the sake of it gets old. I'm about the last guy on earth to get offended by toilet humor so don't think I'm rating this game poorly out of prudishness. I just didn't find it very funny, it certainly wasn't funny enough to make up for the lame gameplay.		The Postal Dude should really call it a day. He and Duke Nukem should meet up and hang out somewhere, as long as it's nowhere near a game studio.		If you need a healthy dose of un-PC humor there are better choices out there and the game itself is very forgettable. I'd steer clear of this one.		------------------------------------------------------		Update:		After some research I found out what happened to this game. Apparently RWS, being strapped for cash, farmed out development to a Russian publisher who offered a decent budget for the project. Instead of working with RWS they in turn farmed it out to a crummy Russian developer (Trashmasters) and very little of RWS's original designs ended up in the game. RWS has since disowned the title and doesn't consider it to be part of the Postal canon.		The following is from the RWS official forum:	"Postal 2 didn't really make any money due to not many stores stocking it, so funding Postal 3 was not really an option.  Akellas offer seemed reasonable at the time, and considering they had a much bigger budget and team than Postal 2, it seemed unthinkable they would make a game that was vastly worse than Postal 2 was.  Things started off pretty well in fairness, but when the crash of '08 happened it all started to unravel.	The game was supposed to be open world, TM seemingly could not handle it... the third person view point was actually an RWS decision, albeit one I disagreed with. 6 of us voted on it, 4 supported the third person and 2 supported first.  Although really its' a mute point, the viewpoint was the least of the games problems.	It was a mistake, RWS accepts this.  It really shows what an achievement Postal 2 was really, made by only 6 people in 18 months."		On the plus side, RWS still owns the Postal IP so perhaps the Postal Dude will ride again someday with a true sequel to Postal 2.
1,As others have pointed out, the product image isn't even the actual controller you get. Compare the picture to the official Wii controller (it says "Wii" at the top center) and you can tell it's exactly the same image, just with "Wii" photoshopped off of it. The way it's listed and represented, I was fooled into thinking this *was* the official Wii classic controller pro.		One the positive side, mine *did* work, for the most part. However, the buttons were cheap and stiff-feeling, and the D-Pad has a tendency to flip control back to the right after going left, as if it's a little too sensitive or just not made correctly. All in all, it's neither the controller I expected nor something I would recommend using unless you absolutely can't afford the $20 official controller. Mine's going back for a refund.
1,Now I know why the average wii game costs $50...they are actuall really good. This game, which costs only $20, is incredibly difficult to handle. The controls are very hard to control so it makes the game frustrating rather than fun. The graphics are also pretty weak so if your jetski gets stuck in a corner you end up losing the game because it takes that long to get unstuck. Basically, don't buy this unless you have no intention of buying anything better. This game was so bad I returned it the day after I bought it. Like I said, you get what you pay for!
1,it wasn't what I thought it was
1,1. No story. I don't mean single player, I mean like, a story.		2. Clunky, awkward gameplay. That's pretty common with these types of games where they put so much emphasis on "cover." It makes for non-fluid controls and movement. Very jagged like.		3. Boring. So far, very repetitive. All the enemies look the same. The action is the same.		4. There's modding and customizing (to some degree), but it doesn't make up for things.		5. It makes me mental when game studios try to make super realistic environments and gameplay, only to fail at the most obvious things. For example, in this game, it takes far to many headshot to kill an enemy. Kind of silly.
1,This expansion has been very lack luster. The physical goodies in this edition are good but the game is not. Hopefully next expansion is a lot better.
1,This game is unfinished. I suggest a PS4 with PES
1,Wow, what a waste of $$. I've played almost every FPS made and this is the WORST game so far for the PS4. Sorry, I can't find anything positive about this game. Poor graphics, story line, FPS, laggy, controls, physics.... trading it in at GameStop today!!
1,THIS THING BROKE AFTER A FEW WEEKS.  SNAPPED RIGHT IN HALF DOWN THE CENTER.  THIS PIECE OF CRUD IS MADE ONLY OF SHODDY PLASTIC.  IM BEGINNING TO HATE AMAZON SLOWLY BECAUSE IT BROKE JUST SLIGHTLY OUT OF THE RETURN DATE!		I BOUGHT A CREATIVE FATL1TY AND IT ROCKS		GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK!!! IS IT LOST FOREVER???
1,A local retailer dropped the price on this to under $10 new, and I figured at that price point I could put up with a few known bugs. I was wrong. Even after a game software update, in Level 1 alone (Mediterranean Sea), I've encountered three bugs (items were missing, and cut scenes wouldn't trigger) and had the game crash my PS3 twice. Whatever jollies I might have gotten from the improved arsenal of moves and the upgraded environments and animation, have been obliterated by the necessity to reload, reboot and finally just restart the level. I'm a long time fan of the TR franchise, and eagerly awaited the successor to&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Tomb-Raider-Legend/dp/B0009VRSJ6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Tomb Raider Legend</a>, however I don't imagine I'm going to get to see the story play out if the game continues to malfunction in this spectacular fashion. Such a pity since the graphics look absolutely fantastic, movement/combat have gotten long-wished for common sense upgrades, and Keeley Hawes gives another laudable turn as the voice of Lara.		For the self-flagellating types who figure on carefully picking their way through, bug-fix-walkthrough in hand, occasional crashes be damned, I'll add one more warning: be prepared to fight with the camera control. The automatic placement often seems engineered for Lara's imminent death and attempts to reposition the camera result in an eye-straining tug-of-war between the player and the programming. Not my idea of a fun time...		Eidos squandered a great opportunity here. Avoid this unstable mess, your $10 is better spent elsewhere.
1,This game has SERIOUS bugs..  If you run into walls wrong, it won't reset and you stay in "jump mode" until you reset the game.  Also, it doesn't always reset you when you fall of the track either, which means if you are in a race and you fall from a higher level to a lower level then you are effectively 1/2 lap behind everyone with no way to catch up.  The graphics are shady at best and you get a lot of hesitation with 2 player mode.  This game is worth about $5 based on the problems.  Buyer beware.
1,No, just no. I feel like EA has taken great shortcuts and removed so many features with the Sims 4. The Sims 3 was great and I would be ashamed to know how many hours I spent playing the Sims 3. Yeah, there are some cool new things about the Sims 4, but they have REMOVED over 89 features. Really EA, really? How stupid do you think your customers are? The world is extremely small, there is a loading screen between EVERY lot, even your neighbors lot. The biggest killer for me, NO STORY PROGRESSION. All people do is get older. No one gets married, has children, or ANYTHING unless you MAKE THEM. What kind of Sim game is that? In real life you don't walk over to your neighbors house and say, hey, it's time you get married and have children now. So all Sims are simple robots who only eat, sleep, and die. I could go on and on, but I'll put in as much effort into this review as EA did into their $70 game. Besides, finding information on how bad The Sims 4 is isn't hard, it's widely known in the gaming community. No, I DO NOT recommend this game to anyone. Don't waste your money, or at least return the game and spend your money elsewhere if you do, and wait to see if the Sims 5 is any better.
1,Nothing special. Much Smaller than the original VCR Xbox One. The white it ugly. I would suggest sticking with your original or just waiting for the Playstation Neo
1,I didn't care for the first Cameron Files, so I didn't expect much from this, the second one -- and I was right. It is so linear that it's boring and illogical (you can't leave the hotel without first finding certain items in your own room -- what sense does THAT make?)		Plus, the movement is tedious and repetitive. You end up going around in circles trying to figure out what the game wants you to do next (not what makes any sense).		I managed about one hour's game time before I uninstalled it. Well, that's an hour of my life I'll never get back!		On the plus side, it installed -- and uninstalled -- without a glitch. Big deal.
1,This game usb awful, its a derpy megaman clone with bad level design, cheap bosses, boring story and gameplay. No wall jump or charge shot, basically you have to dash into enemies to hurt them after you weaken them first.	Some levels are harder then the bosses due to how bad they are, no hints to explain how certain things work. Dont buy this game unless you want to waste money on broken games
1,I have loved most of the previous Mario Partys but this one was a huge let down :(  Everything is an upsell. You can only get more maps if you buy amiibos to use in the game and only certain ones are compatible. I bought a Princess Daisy amiibo because she is player in the game but she isn't compatible as an amiibo.  Bowser is fun but he is almost impossible to beat and if you do manage to get to the end you can only win if you guess who has the star?! Lame. Plus I don't like that you are all traveling together in the game.  I want to compete against the other players too, not just Bowser.
1,This game suffers from an unusual problem that most sequels don't: it seems the developers listened to the gaming community.  The first Spider-Man The Movie game was a lot of fun, but it had it's limitations- it was too linear, there was no room for exploration, and your activities were limited to the skies and rooftops and a few indoor areas.  Spidey-fans and gamers alike wanted more room to swing and more opportunities to use their great powers with great responsibility- but less linearity.		S-M2 bucks that trend.  In a nod to Grand Theft Auto 3-style gaming, the city is now yours to explore.  There are huge skyscrapers, dark alleyways, and bustling streets.  You can either choose to follow along with the linear plot, seek out mini-missions that net you points you can use to purchase upgrades, or hunt down hidden items (for no apparent reason than a higher overall score).		While great in concept, the implementation is sorely lacking.  There are only a handful of randomly-generated mini-mission types (car chases, robberies, air-land-and-sea rescues), which forces you to replay the same tired action sequences over and over and over.  Fun for a bit, but not for hours and hours of filler.  The way the game is structured, you have to purchase upgrades to progress- so you are forced to take hundreds of these mini-missions to follow the game's main plot.		Swinging around the city is lots of fun, and you get a bunch of different upgrades (web zip line and slingshot for example) that aren't really functionally necessary, but still add to your enjoyment.  In addition, you can pull off weird midair Tony Hawk-like stunts (also purchasable)for no apparent reason other than that they are marginally enjoyable as well.		The main plot is well done.  It diverges from the movie and adds in some nifty comic book characters such as Rhino and the Black Cat, but the generally outline- defeat Octavius and win back Mary Jane, remains the same.		The fighting system has apparent depth, but most combat against non-bosses can be resolved with button mashing.  It can be fun at times, tossing bad guys left and right- but after awhile pounding thugs into the pavement or hanging them off lampposts looses all semblance of a challenge.  S-M2 is also the 700,000 game to feature a Matrix "bullettime" mode.  Yawn.		So much could have been done with this game that I can't help but suspect that we were given an unfinished product set to be released concurrently with the movie.  It is truly a shame.		Not worth the full purchase price.  Rent or buy used unless you're a Spider-Man fanatic.  If so, find a good sale...
1,Terrible Sony should of dumped some more into this.  NO STREAMING APPS CURRENTLY SUPPORTED.  NO HULU, NO NETFLIX, NO HBOGO, NO AMAZONOD.  Only 2.4 ghz wireless it is 2015 Sony get a 5ghz antenna.  1/2 the vita games are not supported.  Remote play lags about 1/2second so some games are impossible to play.
1,Overrated junk !
1,Mic get damaged easily due to constant pulling up and down.
1,Oblivion is an amazing game but is still way to unstable and freezes up all the time for no reason.  Fallout 3 is virtually unplayable due to this same problem.  Play the pc version instead.
1,good game but must more video card power reason in elevator won't work can't go down to cavern it but xbox 360 great work yes open in cavern.
1,Was for kids.
1,Loved Dragon Age: Origins; Liked Dragon Age II; detest Dragon Age:Inquisition.	To begin with the Character creation/editing module is buggy, so I gave that up and accepted one of the standard character models. The basic design of the game has some significant changes from the previous version, and they aren't good. Movement is awkward, battles seem pointless, voice acting seems wooden, animation is crude, and I quickly decided I just don't care about the characters or the plot (which looks like a direct ripoff of the MMO Rift).		Can't believe Bioware would blow it this badly, but after about an hour's play I uninstalled the game. I play a LOT of PC games and I can't be bothered with this one.
1,Totally arcade with no value to me. I wanted an authentic Forza experience on my PC. This was a mistake for me. Tried it once and never played it again. It was a complete waste of $$ for me.
1,I bought this game thinking I could play it - after all, I have a laptop beefy enough to handle most anything I throw at it. To my surprise and utter dismay, this game is literally a BRICK (actually less useful than a brick) unless you have a good internet connection.		A few things about this... for one, my internet connection (at home and otherwise) is often poor and intermittent (I live in the USA)... furthermore, many times I simply have no access such as when I travel for work (airport, airplane, etc)... so already the game's usability is shot. On top of all this - I simply don't want a cloud-only based game. I want my save files and I want my backup of my save files... Had I known what EA did to SimCity, I would not have bought this in the first place.		I was really looking forward to countless hours in this release of SimCity... very sad.
1,Take too long to download
1,This game failed so bad that it's laughable. The only good thing about this game is graphicsand sounds. It takes a minimum of 25 minutes to beat. The gameplay is ridiclous, and I definitely would NEVER recommend this to ANYBODY. Unlike the previous Transformer, you can NOT morph into a plane/boat/car at any time. You can only play as a half robot half car for one time, which is like 5 minutes to get done. This game is stupid easy, and my little brother who is 7 beat this. I do NOT recommend this to anybody.		- a noob
1,Let me start off by saying that I'm a big astro fan. I've been using astros for about 6 years now and never looked back. I bought the new generation 3 a50s last week and so far my entire experience with them has been terrible.		Out of the box they look great. They feel good, they're comfortable and I had high hopes. However, the setup process was not particularly straightforward. There are some audio setting you need to mess with on your xbox and even then the mic would some times just not work. Pairing the headset to the dock is simple enough, but I found that sometimes I'd power them on and my mic just wouldn't register at all in party chat. Only a full power cycle of the xbox and headset would resolve the issue.		Then comes the real problem. The random disconnects of the headset are absolutely unacceptable in a headset at this price range. My headset will constantly lose connection and I can see it disconnecting on the dock as well (when the headset is on the dock has battery info displayed on the front). This happens seemingly at random and nothing I have done has seemed to fix it. I tried repairing it to the dock. I updated the firmware to the latest version. I made sure that the headset had plenty of juice. My router is nowhere near the dock or where I'm sitting and I live in a pretty big house so I'm not anywhere near the kitchen either. I tried multiple optical audio cables (including the one I used with my previous astro headset) and nothing helped.		I also tried contacting astro, but that proved to not be very helpful. I wrote a rather detailed email about the various steps I was taking. I watched their YouTube videos on how to set it up and double checked all the wiring. I even called astro but apparently you can't speak to the tech support guys on the phone. The guy I did speak with was nice and tried running through a couple troubleshooting steps with me. He said it would help speed things along and that he would add some notes to my account so we can skip to some more advanced trouble shooting methods. However, when I received my email from the tech support guys, all they did was ask me to do the exact same stuff I already told them I did (via the email and on the phone with the guy) and offered no real solutions to my problem.		I think I forgot to mention I also have that weird robot voice issue that many other people were complaining about. At this point I'm most likely just going to say forget it and return these. I hate that this is necessary because I really wanted to like them, but I don't see much of a choice here since astro really dropped the ball on this one.		Just one more note,  the sound quality while they're working is pretty great. The fact that you can enable and disable the dolby surround is nice too. If only they stayed connected I might have just dealt with the crappy mic sound.
1,Buy the 1tb version.  500gb is full after 5 games installed.
1,Doesnt even work!
1,I've tried this game on 2 different PC's only 1 could run it and the other just locks up and blue screens, if it doesn't do that it will get a black screen and hangs.		On the system that it works on, I played through the single player and at first I was really disappointed, it got a little better in some missions but the whole campaign is disjointed and didn't flow at all. Most the time the enemies would popup and down like a duck hunt game. The final scene was good but the whole SP campaign was way too short.		Onto the multiplayer, could have been alright but most of the maps aren't that great, connectivity issues are huge and everyone I know can't get into a co-op match.		I ranked my way up and after a crash trying to quit the game I lost all my stats.		The sound is also messed up bad on Multiplayer (I have an XFI 7.1 sound card) you can't hear people around you and guns being shot 10 feet away sound like they are a mile away as do the grenades.		I have 2 9800's and the game won't run in SLI so my frame rates are 1/2 of what they should be.		Overall I wish I hadn't bought this game as it's like a beta that still needs fixing and for $50 + it shouldn't have all these problems.	I've been looking at other forums trying to fix all these issues and there are lot's of people having the same problems. My computers are way above the min spec and that isn't the reason why this game is so flaky.	They play Far Cry 2 and Left 4 Dead great as well as COD4 at max settings.		Issues aside I'd give the game a 2 out of 5 stars based on the SP campaign and the overall quality of the MP maps.		Counting in the flaky game play and no support from the game maker as of 11/28/08 3 weeks after release I give this 1 star. Also I'd like to add that up to now I've loved all the COD's that came before except COD 3 - also made by Trearch. If you like games not working right and trying everything under the sun to fix stuff you shouldn't have to even touch then you might have fun trying to fix stuff but it sucked what little fun there is in this game - out for me.		Update 12/30/2008 7 weeks after the game came out and no patches to fix the tons of issues people are reporting. This is the worst support I have ever seen in a COD game, the game's makers won't even respond to people's questions and users are left to search for help in the user forums that are filled with people that flame you when you post a legitimate question. The sound is so bad that I just quit playing, I have a XFI 5.1 sound system and the sound is not close to working right. I can't hear the other players movements and grenades and guns sound muffled and distant even when they are right next to me. The positional sound isn't right and makes for pure frustration.
1,I wanted to love this headset. I really did. I read some positive and some mixed reviews and attributed the negatives to people who were overly sensitive to high quality audio and would be unsatisfied with what I might consider just fine. I pulled it out of the box and got things setup rather quickly. Within the first week I had to do a factory reset, re-sync the headset with the transmitter, and then reset the Xbox and it's audio monitoring settings in order to get the device to work properly with Destiny. Once that got sorted, I started to love this headset. (Yes I synchronized with the TB audio hub on my computer first). And at this early point in its life, the battery lasted for hours and hours and hours and never caused a problem.		But why should I have to do all of that work to make an expensive piece of hardware do what I want out of the box? I shouldn't. That's the only acceptable answer. At this price point ($215 with taxes even though it was 199 at the time of purchase), the device just has to work and work well. That's partially why this review earns the 500X just 1 star. And I'd give it fewer if I could.		Let's be clear. This product has some high points, but that DOES NOT mean you should ignore the immense negatives. If you buy this item you are signing up for a hassle and at least one RMA in your future. You are signing up for audio issues, for syncing issues, for microphone static and general dysfunction. You are signing up for an unreliable battery and a headset that HAS TAKEN THE BAFFLING ENGINEERING CHOICE TO LEAVE ITSELF ON WHEN CHARGING, effectively draining the battery as it is supposed to be re-filling the battery. This also means you will get a double feed of Xbox audio unless you first silence the headset before charging and watching/playing with the Xbox.		General notes:		1. The quality of audio you receive in your ears is GREAT and definitely loud enough to be uncomfortable if you turn it all the way up. My team sounds loud and clear and their voices didn't conflict with the audio of my games. The games themselves sound rich and personal and the surround sound (or faux surround sound?) is amazing. It was immersing and beautiful. You can control the volume of chat and the game independently to achieve a really helpful mix depending on your situation. It's a great feature. The audio I received in my ears was one of the high points, truly.		2. The audio presets do virtually nothing and I cannot figure out why they are even included.		3. Your own voice will be soft/weak in others' ears. This is unfortunate and I have more notes about this below. Prepare to put the mic boom very close to your mouth.		*****	4. CHARGING. I WILL SAY IT AGAIN: The headset remains on when charging. Who in the engineering department decided this was a good idea!? Yes somehow the headset knows to shut off when fully recharged, but if you leave your Xbox on it will manage to turn itself back on and drain its battery all the same! I have never gotten more than 5 hours of battery life out of EITHER OF THE TWO UNITS I got (the original and the RMA'ed one had this same issue). As of editing this review on 6-30-15 I am getting less than thirty minutes of reliable battery life! That's just insane when up to 15 hours is advertised!	*****		Now... let's get down to business...		Throughout the first harrowing week I went back and forth with a semi-helpful support representative from Turtle Beach who suggested a lot of fixes I had already seen online. The full factory reset and re-sync seemed to help a lot, but worsened the Destiny audio glitch (this is a known issue; google it) until I did the reset procedure yet again.		That representative also heard my complaint about my mic volume being very soft (that is, other people struggled to hear me and complained I was way too quiet even with the mic boom touching my lips)... and in response I was sent a new mic boom, which arrived completely non-functional. When I reported this, the rep suggested I send in the whole unit for an RMA. But WHY? Why should I lose my new expensive headset for weeks when the mic boom seems to be the only issue? The new one was dead and the old one was quiet. Doesn't that suggest the new one was a dud? Isn't that logical?		I'm no audio expert so perhaps not. But that's where I stand right now. I am debating even processing the RMA. I am debating whether I want to ship the unit back to Amazon for a full refund and use the old terrible mic that came with the Xbox One but had GREAT voice quality. Alas.		6-30-15 EDIT: [I did the RMA after all and received a unit with good audio capabilities. But the battery problems are exactly the same. Nothing changed. This is an engineering issue and is not related to the units I used/am currently using. YOU WILL GET A HEADSET WITH AN UNRELIABLE BATTERY. You will get a headset that does not keep a charge. You will get a headset that remains on when charging, forever.]		***Please note, below this line my review comes with what is going to sound like a weird and misguided praise of mic-monitoring. It's not. Mic-monitoring is supremely cool and should come standard on all headsets meant for interaction with other human beings. It's just an amazing feature. Period.		In truth, this device is 100% wireless. I LOVE THAT. I love not being tethered to the Xbox One and getting hamstrung by my cables. This headset makes me feel like the commander of a spaceship and the mic-monitoring is EXTREMELY COOL and useful. It seems to make me more empathetic when speaking into the headset. When you can hear your own voice it's like looking into a mirror - you want to like the person you hear/see. You want to treat them well, so in turn you act in a more refined manner and become something of a better person. I literally wish I was being sarcastic. Mic monitoring is like flipping an empathy/kindness switch in your own brain and it's freaky and awesome and everyone should try it at least once.		There you have it. It's an impressive piece of technology, but the setbacks and weirdly unhelpful support service and unnecessary features and poor mic quality and overall high cost make this a headset to avoid, not seek out... unless you don't mind the quietness of your projected voice and want to check out Mic Monitoring and feel like a spaceship pilot until your battery dies in 15 or 30 minutes. Good luck.		Don't waste your time. I've saved you the trouble!
1,When it comes down to it, APB: Reloaded is a pretty bad game.	Glitchy Mechanics, Bad Combat System, Horrible Matchmaking.	It's free to play, try it out before you buy anything.		In my opinion most of the "bonuses" gained from buying the retail box are useless in comparison to things you gain after playing a short time.
1,I quit playing SWG right before the NGE was introduced, mainly because I was sick of paying the money for my subscription and the game had gotten boring and I never played it anymore.		Since then I've heard alot of yipe about this game and decided to try the 14-day free trial (which is the same thing as if you were to buy the game with all the up to date add ons). Within one day of playing I completely lost interest in it. Whatever SWG "used to be" has long since been replaced by a shell of the game that appears to have more bugs than release date. The frame rates have also taken a beating. It really seems like todays SWG has been completely ruined by a slightly revamped PvP system, although a buggy one.		I used to be an artisan in pre-NGE. I loved it because I was able to focus 80% of my time on stats for Master Artisan and 20% working on Marksman (so I could defend myself). Now the game makes you choose what you HAVE to do the entire game. What a joke, it doesnt even list rifle/pistol/carbine attack stats like it did for pre-NGE so no matter how much you kill you will never gain any "fighting skills".		The servers are very empty, I remember when the cantina's would be over flowing with players. Now there is hardly an audience. If you want a new MMORPG wait for Pirates of the Buring Sea. That will be an awesome game.
1,The merits of the game mechanics themselves have already been addressed in other reviews. It is a grinder, but I expected that going in. The biggest problem with the game is that it has already been completely overrun by spammers and bots on all servers. A recent patch added a feature to block players by right-clicking, but there are so many spammers for kinah-selling sites this has proven to be minimally effective (kinah is the unit of currency in this game). The worst problem is the same RMT companies have bots out in force, making many places unplayable already.		NCSoft West's response to this has been tepid at best, with occasionally one or two bans being announced; the spammers and bots number in the hundreds per server (I have witnessed this first-hand). Their investment in this game is obviously minimal to have not anticipated this (the Korean version of the game has been out for 12+ months and is even worse in terms of this activity). Aion is a complete waste of time and money; [...]
1,Game was ok, played for 120 hours and managed to do everything possible in that time. I'm on a super fast fiber optics internet connection and game had lag whenever playing with players, don't have lag in any other game. PVP was bland. Bugs were rampant. Half of the people playing lose their access to the game from having too many items in inventory. Matchmaking is awful, missions sometimes don't start. You are able to put like 20 people into a four man mission. Enemies turn into bullet sponges, no new mechanics added. AI is really dumb, easily put into evasion loops when shot. Almost every ability is bugged in some way and half of the talents on gear do not work the way the tooltip is written.		Storyline was ok, a bit generic, but well done in their aspect. World looks nice and has a lot of hidden things, but all that is meaningless because you almost never walk around in the pve world outside of the dark zone after you hit max level. Fast travel or waste time walking around.		If you like grinding so that you can get more loot so that you can grind more, this game is for you. It's still better than destiny, but not by much. Borderlands has more content and costs 20 bucks for all the dlc with it. Still a 4 player co-op game just like this. Go play that instead.
1,I am not one who writes a lot of bad reviews - I think I am fairly easy to please.  I love playing computer games and I don't need fancy graphics to make me happy.  I am also a HUGE Survivor fan, so of course someone bought me this game as a gift when it came out.	I played it for a few hours, and it was a complete waste of time.  I can deal with the crappy graphics, but gameplay itself is just boring.  You walk around camp and talk to people, but the conversations make absolutely no sense.  The person will tell you they hate someone in one sentence, then the next sentence they will tell you you're crazy for wanting to vote that same person off.  The computer AI also seems to automatically go for you during the votes, no matter what.  I played probably 30 different times and each time if I didn't win immunity, I got voted off first or second.	The immunity challenges are somewhat fun, but there is very little variety so I got bored of them quickly.  The voting is kind of fun, if you have immunity!  Otherwise, be prepared for a quick "Game Over!"	I can see how making a game of the show would be difficult - the entire show is about human relationships which are hard to adequately present in a computer game.  Anyways, this game is a waste of money.  It's quite simply not FUN.
1,Another dud bit of software. Says it's Windows seven but didn't work right on  my computer. Screwed around with it for three days then donated it to the library. Some five year old is probably having a great time but not me. Shane
1,If you own a Saturn, there's no reason to go near this Doom port. People dismissing the frame rate problems are doing fans of the game and the Saturn a huge disservice. The frame rate on the Saturn version is so choppy the game is unplayable. (This is honestly in the 3fps range at best.) You want to shoot that imp? Good luck because you're just as likely to frame skip over the target and shoot a wall. This is utterly inexcusable given how well Duke Nuke'em, Powerslave, and Hexxen play on the Saturn. None of them limp along like Saturn Doom.		I honestly can't imagine how anyone could in good conscience recommend this version of Doom to anyone. (Unless they know someone they dislike and want to annoy them with the worst programming on a Doom port ever. Well, the 3DO version might be in contention there.) If you want to play Doom, go for the PC version, the 32x version, the SNES version, the PlayStation version, or the Atari Jaguar version (Probably the best console version of Doom outside of the PlayStation release). At least they all run at a playable frame rate.
1,Just a warning for all 5 of you that don't know: the game is absolutely terrible.  It's a badly designed, glitchy mess with a plot that is downright laughable.  However, when you buy it with the intentions I had, which was for it to be somewhat of a trial by fire, then it is a worthwhile purchase.  I recommend that you only buy this if you are a fan of the series who wants to see it at it's lowest point (discounting Sonic Labyrinth, because no one cares about the Game Gear), then by all means go in.  It has great music, almost on par with Colors (nowhere near as good as Adventure, but still great), it has some pretty enjoyable level design, and the plot can deliver some laughs from how bad it is.  Just make sure you know what you're doing before you buy this.
1,Ubisoft is a money grubbing whore, this game was so full of micro transactions it litterally distracts you from the game. The map is littered, and I mean littered with chest you can't open unless you download the companion app, and also sign up for some other pointless service.	The above reasons were enough for me to hate this game, but the actual game play and story itself is just boring. I have bought every AC game made, and was so excited for the first true next gen version. I found myself going weeks between playing sessions, and when I finally did play it, about 15 min in I'd quit because of bordom or mechanics frustration. I will never buy an AC game new again, ubisoft does not deserve my money anymore, I might buy one again someday cause I'm a sucker, but on Amazon or Ebay used.
1,When i heard all the great things about Saints row 2 on the Xbox 360 and PS3 i was tempted to go out and get one of the consoles just to play it,but i decided to wait for the PC version and...WOW,what a let down this pile of garbage is. I bought the PC versions of GTA IV and also Saints Row 2 on the same day,played GTA IV first and i was shocked at how high i could set the graphics givin the fact that i only have 1 9800GTX+ video card installed,the game looked amazing and played pretty smoothly for the most part. I then played Saints row 2,thinking that if GTA IV played that good on my PC then this game should run even better since its graphics aren't nearly as good,i was dead wrong. This game not only looks way worse than GTA IV but also has HORRIBLE frame rate drops,pop up issues,glitches and some of the worst vehicle controls i have ever experienced in a game! I lowered the video settings to make things better,only helps out a bit,frame rates were still super low at times (They dipped every 10-30 seconds),but beyond this the game is still garbage. When driving in a car or just walking around the controls are not that bad even though the movements are not even close to realistic,same goes for the motorcycles and boats,but where the controls will really make you want to pull your hair out is when your in a chopper. Flying around seems ok at first as long as you have a lot of breathing room,but as soon as you bump into something,its all down hill from there,chopper becomes pretty much uncontrollable. Even though this game isn't that great there are a few good things about it,first is the ability to customise your character,make him or her look any way you want,pretty nice feature. The second thing is the games story and voice actors,there is enough going on to keep your attention,waiting to see what happens next,there are a few "Twists" that make the game worth playing through. The sick,dark humor throughout the game provides enough comic relief to give it one more star in the Fun Factor area. The other thing that keeps this port from being a throw away is the online multiplayer,there are a few options,a Deathmatch style game where its everybody for themselves,a Gang deathmatch where you join a team,then there is what everybody is playing (at least on the pc version), a CO-OP game where you and a buddy can play the main game together,the ENTIRE city is wide open for the taking in this mode,lots of fun. Here's the bottom line,buy Saints Row 2 for Xbox 360 or PS3,avoid this PC version,it's just not that good.
1,as my title states, the screen protectors, while decent in quality, are NOT the right size for a sony psp- 300 model, im pretty sure they wouldnt fit a 2000 or a 1000 either, seeing that they all have the same screen size, included is also a "cloth" to clean the screen with which is probably THE cheapest thing ive ever seen called a cleaning cloth, and a very small plastic card to smooth out the air bubbles that happen once the screen cover is on, IF THE SIZE WAS CORRECT I WOULDVE RATED IT 5 STARS. THE RECTANGULAR SHAPE OF THESE COVERS IS TOO SMALL IN BOTH DIMENSIONS FOR A PSP...
1,I bought this game with an open mind,knowing that it was going to be different from others in the series. I don't mind that,I don't mind change in a series such as this, I view it as a good thing assuming it is done well. So when I read negative things about this game, I erroneously assumed that it was just die-hard fans of the series that just couldn't accept the change, and that their bias led them to overlook a good game. I was wrong. Very wrong; The game just isn't that good.		The game starts with some very nicely rendered FMV scenes complete with voice acting (barring comparatively minor sound bites, this is the first Nintendo game to feature voice acting, meaning it has an actual script) however the voice acting is average at best in the game,bordering on horrible for certain characters.		Without spoiling too much, Samus answers a distress signal from a space station, and while there happens upon her old buddies from her squad in the galactic federation, including her former commander. These are terrible characters with no personality,as well as being so unbelievably generic as to be indistinguishable form one another, except of course the black guy and the asian guy, who are so stereotypical it's laughable.		In past Metroid games,as you explored the world(s),you would find along the way,various upgrades,namely new beams for Samus' arm-cannon,grappling hook,as well as upgrades to her suit itself. This was a staple of the games as well as the characteristic music that would play when you found those items.		That's where this game falls apart completely. This game throws away that classic colleciton aspect, in favor of a premise so outrageously stupid and contrived that it completely spoils the game and casts a veil of absurdity over the whole thing. It is This:As you arrive on the spaceship,and meet up with your old gang,it is made apparent through a cut scene that the commander has authority over Samus,who has all her abilities available to her, but she agrees to only use them as he authorizes them,and accordingly they are dispensed every so often as their immediate need arises. This is is just a horrible idea that is executed even worse. Samus is always fighting somehting in this game so why wouldn't she want to be well equipped, and why wouldn't her commander want her to be well equipped?Even more ridiculous yet is you must await authorization of the Varia suit which serves no purpose other than to protect Samus from extreme heat in the lava areas. So she won't turn on a feature to prevent her flesh from melting just because it isn't authorized. Among the game are other examples of that nature. I know it doesn't really effect the gameplay really, but as I said earlier it paints the game in such a ridiculous light that it's very hard for me to get over it.		Onto the controls:In the 3rd person perspective aspects, you hold the Wii remote sideways, which actually works very well, considering you are using a 2 pad to control Samus in 3d. Her movements are very fluid and easy to pull off which is nice. However that is only half the game, the other half is first person. At any given time when you flip the controller and point it at the screen, it shifts into a first person view from Samus' perspective. You can aim up and down and 360 degrees but you can't move around, as if her feet were cememented to the spot. This actually works well alot of the time, allowing for a unique novelty. Unfortunately there are other times where the action is just way too frenzied and there are too many enemies around for this to be practical and I found myself taking damage during the switch because there just wasn't enough time to aim and fire. Also for some ridiculous reason you can only use missles in first person.		There are some  very annoying segments that bothered me alot; one of them is when you finish a cutscene, you will sometimes be locked into first person mode, and you can't move until you find a particular object and scan it, sometimes it is so particular it is almost impossible to find.		Another is that occasionally there are some 3rd person segments which do not control like the rest of the game; the camera zooms up behind Samus, and her speed is reduced to a crawl; she may not jump or shoot even. Just walk around. These segments are wholly unnecessary and why the developers included them at all is a mystery to me.		The sad thing is that those problems aside, the game is great. It's very fast paced and the action is excellent, and the graphics, while certainly not the best, can be very vivid and pleasant to look at, with some very pretty areas. The music is somewhat bland I guess but it never becomes annoying. The tragedy is that had the things I complained about been removed, as well as with perhaps scrapping the first person view altogether, this would have been a really great game, but with them, it's basically unplayable.
1,These pads do quiet normal drumming on your kit, BUT, you have to hit MUCH HARDER to be sure to trigger the drum pad as it is now insulated from the stick, so the result is that you have to play harder, and the sound increases so that it is about as loud as it was without them!!!!		I took them back off... the sound is about the same, but the heads are now more accurate and I'm striking them more softly.		Do yourself a favor.  Get the Ion drum set.  It is totally pro, and very very quiet.		Very.		You will be amazed!
1,First of all, I wrote a review once already and am now re-reviewing this.  But I lowered my review to a single star because of Sony/Playstation customer service.  The fine print (not shown in product details) on this bundled package meant the free games did not come with the box, but you had to register and then wait a week for vouchers to be emailed to you to download the games.  Grrr... but after 10 days we still had no vouchers.  So I contacted their customer service through email, it said I would be contacted within 24-48 hours.  Two days later I got an automated response asking if they had solved my problem.  Which is nice, except they never contacted me (and if they sent that email, they have the right email...)  So I tried emailing again... and still no reply.  I tried AGAIN and it's been over 96 hours this time with no reply.  It's pretty cruddy not to include those games (or game codes, or a way to get the games immediately when you open the box.)  It's really bad that they won't give them at all now.  I have asked Amazon to help, and Amazon is always tops, so hopefully my son can get his games.		But BUYER BEWARE, you'll get the box open and have nothing to play with and you will not get help from Sony.  You will have a disappointed child though.
1,This game isn't very fun. And the graphics are quite subpar for being a PS2 game. Thank goodness I rented it because if I would have bought it for full price, I'd be kicking myself for it.		Is this a horrible game? No. But is it good? I don't think so.		The worst thing about it is probably the graphics. Everyone's arms are way too long and that looks very tacky.		The gameplay is OK, at times I tried to force myself to play with cool characters such as Knuckles the Echidna but that didn't change the gameplay much. You race on air boards and if I recall correctly, there are special spots where you can get a boost. Oh yeah, and you have to refill your board with air to continue on after a while.		I don't think this is even worth 20 bucks. If you can find it for 10 dollars or less, go ahead and try it - you might like it for that price.		But if you're smart, you won't purchase it at all.		Believe me - I REALLY wanted to like this game. I saw the commercial and thought it looked cool and I'm a big fan of some of the Sonic titles (Sonic Adventure 2: Battle is my favorite) but it just didn't satisfy my tastes.		A crappy, nearly-deleted of all signs of life. If you wanna laugh, then get this. But then the hysteria will quickly turn to tears, I swear!		Cover Art: B-	Inside Art: ?	Graphics: F	Characters: A+	Character Models: F--- (seriously. never in my god-forsaken Life, have I seen them do THIS much of a piss-poor job with them. Amy and the crew look like their arms have been stretched to all lengths of Hell, in some strange arse torture chamber! YUCK. Wait and see!)	Dialogue: D+	Length: B-	Overall: D-		Third. Worst. Sonic. Game. I've. EVER. E-V-E-R. Experienced.		Yes. I. Said. W-O-R-S-E! Than. Sonic. Spinball!!!!! (Mopes Quietly in a Corner)		2 stars.
1,Installed on my toshiba Satellite A305 6905 runs fine on medium graphic settings.  I really wish I had a better laptop.  I gave up on PC games a few years ago and play almost exclusivly on the xbox 360 but this is good enough to kill time out and about.		This is a fun game.  Although I wish this was more like a MMO, and not just single player.  Or at least give the option to play single player or MMO, that would be awesome.  I understand to set up and maintain those servers cost alot but this is EA, Maby in the future.		----- few months later.  Updated to version 4 auto update.  Game files now corrupt. uninstalled reinstalled followed steps from spore website and spore msg boards to fix, no luck.  Game is ruined on my hard drive cant play anymore. been going around in circles trying to get this to work with no luck.  No tech support from spore.  I gave up on it, Now have a game I cant play.  Windows Vista premium.		few years later...  I have bought over the past couple of years 2 new more powerful laptops and the game still won't run.  On the newer laptop the game won't up from one civilization to another.  Also appears EA has giving up on the game.  login servers no longer respond.  dead links on spore website.  complete failure after just 4 years.  All these bad reviews cant be wrong.
1,Elite Force is my favorite first person "shooter." The story and graphics are all top notch and it was a lot of fun to play. When I heard that there was going to be an expansion pack, I got myself ready for another engrossing adventure.	Well, I have to say that I was disappointed. It starts out good, though. You get to walk around Voyager without a time limit, which is very cool for Trek fans. You can read up on past missions, read personal logs and even use a replicator. This is nice, but I wanted to make my way to the holodeck to try the new missions.	So, I tried the Captain Proton episode. First of all, the black and white graphics are beautiful but that's where the fun ends. You can't save the game during the single player missions but after completing the Proton adventure within 10 minutes without dying, I realized that you don't need to save it. There isn't much challenge to it. Plus, the graphics slowed WAY down in may spots for an unknown reason (is a patch needed?) and I had to walk backwards for a while to remedy the problem. When I finally found "Satan's Robot" and the "girl", it was over before I knew it.	The other single player missions are uninspired and dull. A malfunctioned holodeck, shooting range and a Klingon base are all you get and the maps are quite small.	However, the additional maps for the holomatches are really good. They are much larger and even more graphically detailed. You also get a wider selection of opponents, including Janeway Borg and Captain Proton. Try out the "Singularity" map.	All in all, the Virtual Voyager is nice but there isn't much too it. If you want a good single player mode, try searching the net for MODS. There are some good ones out there! The new holomatches save this from being a total disaster.
1,Boring Its like they mixed Saints row and Skate together but in a bad way tries to make you laugh with dumb jokes that are never funny at least saints row had its moments and customization is limited, the only thing you get from skate is the grinding, The only thing I can give it, is the game is colorful graphics aren't amazing for next gen but good enough on this game.
1,Eject button is faulty out of the box, it constantly gets stuck and triggers an eject without even having to touch the system.
1,Included Game is no good.
1,There's some pretty severe flicker when you try to charge the Gamepad while using this, and it makes me worried about damaging the device. If you charge it while the Gamepad is off, it seems fine- but with how expensive the controllers are, I really suggest spending extra on an official charger. Seriously, don't risk it.		UPDATE: The charger has stopped working entirely. Don't buy this.
1,Not sure why I bother with Corsair products.  I always have so much trouble with their website, their software, it all ends in total frustration.  I tried to download the software because they are too cheap to send it with the product nowadays, and I couldn't find it so wound up using the latest Corsair Utility Engine.		I tried the mouse without any software and it barely moves so although it moves a little better with the software, it is nothing like the Sharkk gaming mouse which is both responsive and fast.  I liked the way the Corsair mouse looks and feels in my hand but that's it. It might be good for a basic computer user, not a gamer.  But if I'm not gaming, I still want a mouse that is responsive.		If you want a really great gaming mouse, try the Sharkk SK2471.
1,Garbage.  this isn't an actual game it's a product code.  So you have to download origin's platform which is similar to steam except much worse.  The games are all trash just like origin is.  Only get this is you absolutely love c&c and don't want to use piratebay
1,There is so much potential with this console, but it falls short. System lags often, and the internal fan has to go into heavy duty any time I play a game. In addition, the entertainment aspect is just crap. I DO NOT WANT TO USE KINECT FOR ANYTHING, and it creeps me out that it has to be running. I bought this over the ps4 because it had better games in my opinion, but now I wish I had gone with the ps4 which seems more reliable and cheaper. Overall I'm disappointed, I loved my 360 but I can't stand the xbone
1,Came in scratched, not sure what abuse they put it through in the factory.
1,Its got a lot going for it. Price, looks, and feel. However there is one MASSIVE issue that completely makes the mouse almost unusable for gaming. The lazer at the bottom is way too bright. I'm talking it reads movement at like 4 inches above the mouse pad. Yeah its actually that bad. Literally unusable for fps and really hard to use for any other game.
1,don't work on w/7
1,the wii mote is hard to use when you play a shooter game you cant hit anything the motion does not respond to games
1,I'm not impressed with this racing game. It's impossible to get around in the options of the program, as it does not display a cursor, so you have to move the mouse around blindly to try to find your intended selection. Then it does not recognize the Microsoft xbox 360 wireless controllers. All this makes for a game play that can't be set up to the users preference, so the actual racing suffers. I'm completely put out by this game. I do not recommend it.
1,I love the assassins creed series. Mostly II brotherhood and revelations. ACIII was fun, I enjoyed it. However, I had some serious issues.		First of all glitches. I had to reload so many times. Connor is a moron. Carrying two of the same handgun is impossible due to glitches with certain pistols spawning in your holsters every loading point. I had desyncronize all the time to restart missions due to fialing misson ques.		Firearm fails. Okay, so the most powerful pistol would be the Italian flint lock, barrel length is the leading factor in high muzzle velocity, not name or exterior decor. The flintlock musket would outrange all the pistols by double the distance. Less maybe the italian flintlock. Double barrel pistols have two hammers on either side. Not one that magically recocks and re primes itself. The duckfoot was correct. I tend to have a field day in video games with firearm fails.		Conner sucks, a lot. At first I liked Conner, native American badass, son of a Templar. But as the story progressed, I hated him. I wish haythem killed Connor, I liked haythem. He should have had a change in heart or something. Then I would have been happy. Conner is a immature, lacks assassin values and seemed more like a robot than a man. I disagreed with a lot of his decisions. He reminded me of terminator. No heart in anything he did. Ezio was amazing. He was funny and heroic, I always loved it when he won! He was the boss.		Desmond was annoying and fail. I would had been happy if they allowed more free roaming of new York in modern times. Also, the roaming of the wilderness outside of that end of the world tomb. It all felt boxed and too pre determined. All you do is walk into cut scenes.		I liked hunting, that was fun. I wish the bow was more detailed. Custom arrow heads would have been nice. Like a rope arrow, poisen arrows, flaming arrows and armor piercing would have been cool. Also maybe customizable projectiles for guns. assassins should be at a higher technology base than the average citizen.		All in all, I enjoyed the game, but since I played the previous AC's, I was left a little bummed.
1,Of all the need for speeds,  this one is worse than, Duck hunt, Or even pong. Graphics are terrible,  how this even got released beyond me
1,Unplayable at anything above low settings. This was a cash grab by WB and they released an unoptimized pos. 4790 with a gtx-980 and run  like crap. This is unacceptable.
1,PLEASE SAVE YOURSELF AND DON'T BUY THIS ABOMINATION OF A GAME!!
1,Well it starts off as fun like most new games do. Once you progress through the missions how ever, it gets just plain bad. The higher you upgrade the car the most glitchy everything gets, car will drive in a straight line but side ways, you randomly will flip the car, traffic that was not there will just appear in half a second in front of you. Not to mention all you can have is 10 cars in total, and 4 of them are character cars  that can have no mods done to them. And the "movie" part of the mission is so bad I couldn't even laugh after the first one. Not enough time went into thinking the game out and making sure glitches were to a minimum.
1,Easy to drive. Simple to adjust to a play style you like. Simple upgrade system. Good vehicle customization. Decent size map. Fair amount of cars.		Online persistent necessity not needed. No playability once servers go offline. Online play OK. Ridicous rubber band AI still from EA after all this time. I want to like this game as a whole but the  boss and hard difficulty races, especially drifting with a pack of AI crash up derby racers, are frustrating to say the least. For example, in drift group races where the objective is to stay close to each other, you lose any points you need to accumulate for the objective when one of these cars hits you thus making it a chore to complete. Some of the other race modes have similar issues. I may pick it up to have some fun just drifting or experimenting but will most likely trade this in soon. Don't waste the money. It can wait until the price drops or pick it up used if you're interested.
1,Poorly written story line.  Not challenging and childish.  Poor graphics and coloring even with the strong graphics board that I have on my computer.
1,The pricing for Sony's memory cards is ridiculous. This has been the case since they first released the PS Vita.  Get a clue Sony it isn't 1980 (or 1995 even).  The world no longer revolves around your products. Stop using proprietary tech, or at least price it in line with the existing market.
1,it is a fun game e for every won right RONG IT STARTS SUPER EASY THEN ON LEVEL 36 IT GETS ULTRI HARD IF YOU WONT A EASY GAME GET SUPER MIRIO DS..
1,I was on the borderline of 5 stars and wasn't sure about giving it a 4 or a 5. But this game is really one of the best games I've played in a while. As many other reviewers have said.. I didn't know it was going to be an RTS game (Real Time Strategy, which is where you gather resources, build armies and direct those armies to kill the other army. Don't get me wrong I like RTS games, but only on the PC. But the character voicing, the storyline, the art, graphics, music is fantastic. At 20$ this is well worth it. If you play on Brutal difficulty, it takes a more than 6 hours to beat it. If you are doing all the side quests, it takes more than 6 hours to beat it. Sounds like a lot of people that are complaining about the time just rushed through it without enjoying the game to it's full. Love it. -- This is my past review.. was 5 stars.		New review = 0 stars WARNING PS3 USERS.. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.		Many PS3 gamers have found that upon completing around 80 to 90% of the game, their save will no longer load and they have to start over. Worse yet, the problem will likely occur again, which makes finishing the game a frustrating experience. Xbox 360 players do not suffer from this problem. The developer has acknowledged the issue and says they have done all they can about it, but a patch is still not available and all inquiries about the matter should be directed at EA.
1,Didn't get the color I ordered, and the quality was pretty sub standards also the d pad, buttons, and overall form factor are much smaller than expected. I've ordered a few products from 8bitdo and have been regularly disappointed.
1,Terrible. Unfortunately played the PS3 version first, knew exactly what I was missing while playing the Vita version (aka DS port). Missing tons of gameplay and the fun 'tokens' you earn by figuring things out. Ridiculously disappointed. I really only play LEGO games... guess I'm going to finish the PS3 version. This isn't even good enough to play for fun. For the level of graphics and power the Vita has, it is a shame when game makers are lazy and do DS ports. Is it sooo hard to port the PS3 version? L-A-Z-Y and C-H-E-A-P people. >:-(
1,First of all this game got a  TON of hype, and It was "okay".		The world was beautiful, and massive.		The weapon mechanics, and durability became old fast.		After about 10 hours it was extremely repetitive, and dull.		I wouldn't buy a Switch just for this game. If you have a Wii U, and see it for 30 dollars go for it. But, anything more than that is a joke.		 I purchased it through Amazon Prime, and they really messed up my order although I had placed it several months in advance. Amazon promised to give me a sum of money in store credit, which I never received.		Moral of the story. Breath of the wild isn't that awesome, and Amazon Prime sucks!
1,it doesnt pop up on the xbox when i put it in. i don't know whats wrong with it !! smh
1,Don't waste your time. I made a short stop to gamestop and picked up what I actually needed for $10.
1,After using this mouse for 7 months for only about 20 hours a week, it no longer turns on or works in direct wired mode. The buttons on the side of the mouse are cheap and are partially worn. There is a 2 year manufacturer warranty on it but they refused to pay for return shipping costs. I purchased this mouse at a local retailer for about $120, not to mention, just to even ship the mouse back with UPS costed me around $25!		EDIT:  I got this escalated in e-mail and they paid for my shipping. I am still leaving this a 2 stars, because I had to complain to get the free shipping. In addition, the product still failed after 7 months.		This is unacceptable how a cheap Walmart mouse produced in a low quality factory that costs $10 lasts several years of continuous use and this can't even last a whole year.
1,Doesn't play many other 'ds' games as stated in item description.	Expensive mistake by this grandmother...	Disappointed/frustrated 9-yr-old.
1,I am still pissed off at myself for buying this pathetic excuse of a game. I loved Diablo 2 but this, this is garbage even after a year this game still blows. Items are garbage the only way to get a good item is to brows the auction house or spend real money (which is retarded) This game does not reward you for grinding your ass off. People play hours and hours a day only to get pathetic items and scrap them. If you don't play games a lot this game is not for you simply because you will not get anywhere in it. Its boring there are millions of add bots spamming the chat channel this is not a game this is a marketing program for ingame items.
1,My original review for Star Wars the Old Republic was actually a glowing 4 star one. While the game had severe design and gameplay mechanic flaws compared to other MMOs, SWTOR developed a strong presence among the market. If you were familiar with MMOs and most importantly, Bioware RPGs of the past, SWTOR was easy to get into and enjoy. I was a general Beta tester, pre-purchaser, and subscriber back in 2011-12. I played 4 characters mostly with my highest at level 47. So I can state that I played a pretty good chunk of what Bioware offered back then.		However, only 4 months after release, SWTOR was making its presence well known among players that it was more of a single player RPG than a polished MMO. The term, TORTANIC was starting to fit the games personality more than ever with its obvious flaws. I noticed way too many missed social opportunities and gameplay/design mechanics of what makes a good longstanding MMO. SWTOR was obviously linear or had a theme park grind instead of an open world experience with possibilities like in World of Warcraft. No matter how many different races or classes you tried out, there was one path you would be forced to follow. When my friends stopped playing altogether it was then I decided to give a game a break and see if Bioware could recover what I initially called their Magnum Opus of the Star Wars Universe.		That break extended to years after the Free to Play (F2P) model was introduced. Not only was I disgusted with the asinine model, but I felt betrayed for even buying into SWTORs core game. Even if you dished out the $150 for the collectors edition, you are put into a preferred status that offers little to nothing extra compared to the complete free version. Only if you are a subscriber ($14.99/month) will you get full access to the game. I wouldnt have a problem with this F2P model if literal core game mechanics like UI bars, races that I previously had access to, XP gain, titles, Legacy features, and so many other things weren't completely stripped away from and shoved behind a pay wall. For example, unless you already had a Chiss or Sith Pureblood, you have to pay with the new game currency (cartel coins) or unlock through Legacy requirements to make them available. How do you earn Cartel coins? By purchasing them with money or hope EA gifts out to you through means Im still unsure of. Im unsure if bags to increase inventory are available in game, but it seems like you have to pay more to be able to hold more stuff as well. This is only a fraction of what the F2P model does, mind you. Its a huge unnecessary list. Guild Wars 2s core game recently went free to play and doesnt strip out core mechanics in favor of earning a quick buck from you. ArenaNet understood what they have to do to earn money from their players, but they are not THIS greedy.		So why change my 4 star review to a 2 star now? I recently upgraded my PC with a bigger hard drive and even though I knew what SWTORs current state was like, I was curious to try it out again knowing a new expansion was on the horizon. Maybe I could find something that made me ignore the flaws of the F2P model and continue where I left of or try a new class experience. My first day back, and I was immediately disgusted. Not only did I have to rename ALL my characters, but I had to choose which ones would be active or keep. Bioware merged most of their servers since players subs dropped like crazy. I had to play clean up due to my preferred status only allowing 6 active characters (not sure if per server). I was showered with gifts from Bioware like anniversary armor skins and even cartel coins. But it was then that I realized that I would be spending ALL of my coins to buy back CORE features that were taken away from me due to this model. Well, this was the deciding factor for me to update my review.		I could go on of what made me angry in the past for SWTOR, like how its severely copy n paste all over, but I wont. Hell, I didn't even mention how its actually disappointing owning an on the rails starship still. I honestly wish they make this game completely single player and throw away the rest of the MMO parts. While the game excels with the story based level grind, its flaws for the MMO aspect still make it not worthy of resubbing back. There are still too many missed social opportunities and bad PVE/PVP mechanics. 5 years later and still no fun social experiences like Pazaak or Swoop Races among players. Nar Shadaa, Coruscant, or the Tattooine space port should be THE huge social hubs, not just these bland identical space stations!  The wonder of a Long long time ago, in a galaxy far far away is not interesting for that amount of money, Bioware! Unless they revamp it completely and ease up on the F2P model, my wallet is staying far far away from EAs mess. Like I said, play it for the story content and nothing else.
1,It seems to me, with very rare exception, that for the last ten years, 80% of the Star Wars games that are released are all (basically) clones of the old 'Rebel Assault' PC title.  Dress them all up anyway you want, but when all's said and done, you're really playing the same game.	You will have several different vehicles to pilot as well as being on foot, but the whole game's plot is essentially the same: finish the level as fast as you can without getting killed ... that's it.  There's not a lot of strategy involved past that, that's about it.  Frustrating part is, they could have stuck to the mold and still added a little variety.  For example, how about letting us pilot one of those AT-ATs for a little while?	The one thing that I had hoped may be a saving grace would be the animated cut-scenes between levels, but even they were a little sub-par.  Aside from the animation being (at best) average, there were too few of them.  Even the ending animation scene was only about a minute or two!  I finished the game and that's all I'm rewarded with?	I'll also answer the question that I know at least a few of you have.  No ... this game will not lend any hints to what may be ahead in the new Episode III and does nothing to advance the plot of the prequel trilogy.  They may have been able to sell a few more titles if this game was a little more tied to the plot of the movies.  The recently released 'Enter the Matrix' game as a terrific example to what I'm talking about.  On a side note, it was nice though to see an old character from the comic books named Ulric Qel-Droma make an appearance.	So, as been stated before, if you liked Rebel Assault (I or II), Starfighter, Bounty Hunter, and Jedi Starfighter ... etc etc ... then this is probably going to be right up your alley.  One the other hand, if (like me) you're getting a little burned-out on this style of play, this isn't going to do ANYTHING for you.
1,This game really bites the big one! Graphics low grade, multiplayer is below average.  Why even relate it to battlefield in the first place! What a waste of money!
1,"Ew"		-Jarrod Alonge
1,the game is really bad and does not make any sense
1,It is a fun tool and great toy for anyone who likes computer animation. The creatures created are a lot of fun and finding new ways to use parts and colors is a challenge to keep you busy for quite some time to come.		That said, EA kinna kills it.		There is as of today in game advertising. This is not mentioned on any box or information sheet. The AT&T advert even makes it difficult to see things in the Sporepedia. It also drops in doubleclick and atdmt scripts and tracking cookies on ya. Or it tries to if you let it. This was done after the product was demonstrated in the trade shows publicly.		The game has bugs that have not been addressed since start and the forums are a barely moderated mess. Seems the main plan was to get adverts going less than a month away more than fixing bugs. Enough time to test the adverts but not enough time for most pre-order people to be notified.		If folks were warned ahead of time of in game advertising, spyware loaded onto your system via part of the website, and the general lack of EA assistance. I doubt many would have purchased this or pre-ordered Spore. The fact they waited to show it off at trade shows then bait and switch is hard to swallow.		There are Customer service issues abound. A number of mistaken bans, banning the person who reported a unsuitable item rather than the offender. Folks with DRM trouble having to wait over a week for a new code, and only after asking for it a few times. No real support with any bugs other than some user discovered workarounds.		Generally a mess an a half. Nice program. Shame about any support except unwanted and unwarranted additions.
1,Just want to echo what a lot of reviews are already stating. MOP is yet another release that fails to meet the high quality standards of the Blizzard we knew before the merger with Activision.
1,After playing through this game the past week and a half, I have to say I'm highly disappointed. This game is a mess. An absolute piece of garbage. How can a game that had been delayed a half a year turn out to be this unfinished, and why did they push up the release? I have a feeling they just wanted to get this lost cause out the door and recoup as much money as they could. It's obvious they didn't test this game at all outside their own offices.		The game has horrible texture pop in. Sometimes just leaving a room and coming back a second later and it still takes 4 or 5 seconds for the texture to load. The shooting, it just feels off. It's like the gun is unable to aim and hit a running target at all. You can get tko'd in 1 or 2 hits and have to wait to respawn up to 20 seconds. Another problem with this game is the respawns. They give you command posts to capture throughout the game, but yet you can't spawn on them? TSK TSK whoever came up with the bright idea for you to always spawn at the starting point of the level. Not only do you have to wait 20 seconds, but run another minute or so to the objective only to get killed again.		This game is very unbalanced. The attacking team almost has no chance on any objective. I sat back one game as defender online and our team literally mowed down the offensive team for 10 straight minutes. Getting an objective done while in offense online is practically a miracle. Most people don't even adjust their character to meet the class needed to complete the objective, so your mostly going it alone on a team of 7 other people. That's if you get a lag free game...		The lag. It's horrible. No excuse for this kind of lag. I've never experienced this in any game I've played. I'm talking slideshow at some points. It's not just me, but everyone is complaining about the lag. Still, Bethesda/Splash Damage have done nothing to fix it, but add matches with less people. Which means you get to play in games with 2 or 3 people facing off with 2 or 3 people. Real fun! Huge maps with just 2 people per team running around. I wish they would of just canned this game. It's not a game, but an open retail beta copy right now, and Splash Damage has not done one thing to fix it.
1,The game crashes in multiplayer a lot more than most sports games. The game has not been properly upgraded on a yearly basis and there are far too many legacy issues.		What are some of those issues?	-Player AI is just as bad as last year if not... wait for it... WAY worse. O-line blocking is just as broken as it was years ago.	-This is not a football sim it is a lazy port with the worst parts of Madden, dating back to 2007, unfixed.	-Strangely the best parts of previous games are removed.		Being a fair reviewer, I won't give the game a 1 star because if you know little about football this game can be fun. It just won't be an NFL football sim.
1,It was hard to give this software stars, since the game itself is a great simulation.  The trouble is: Ubi is still selling it, but the software only works on XP.		XP is a great operating system - probably Microsoft's best ever - but when it's over it's over.  And, unlike XP, Vista's backwards-compatibility is sketchy at best.		There are workarounds to run SH3 on Vista 32 bit.  Google that and read it before you click "buy" here because they're not particularly well documented.		For Vista 64?  The penalty for being modern is simple: Games like this simply won't run.		If you have an old XP gaming system, this is a great game.  If not, think twice.
1,This game is nothing special. It reminds me of just a cheap old FPS.(Except this one is hardly cheap)I've been playing this game for about 4 hours now and it is just run and shoot. There is very little tactic in the game. It was sort of a let down. I thought it would be more like a ghost recon style, but no, just arcade.	Havent tried the multi player yet, but don't know if this game is worth it right now to pay the extra bucks and get my internet speed increased.		Gameplay 2/5	Sound 1/5 The weapons sounds are generic	graphics 3/5	Blood Violence 1/5
1,This is a pay to play game - be warned. The game itself comes with very limited game play and levels - if you want MORE from the game you'll have to buy it - and no online play unless you pay also.... LAME
1,This is the second time I have bought this and it doesn't charge well. If the controller isn't completely docked in right it won't charge and the led light will stay red. You really have to play with it to get it to charge correctly and even then it doesn't always work. I wish there was a product that you could simply charge via micro usb!
1,This game was worse than i expected since it was a Greatest Hits title. it's not too bad though it could have included an in game map or radar. and also there's no blood and gore in the game. if the game was going to be a rated M game anyway , why not include blood . it's worse than those crappy rated T shooter games . at least those are more interesting. and the story line is retarded. i have no idea how this became a Greatest Hits title. either it was an error or the gaming industry is going to the dogs.
1,really bad sound
1,This game is regularly voted as one of the worst video games of all time (if not THE worst), and I won't argue with that, but I think that the game is actually strangely fascinating. It's so bad it's actually comical! In fact, it's even almost like it was intended to be that way (although I'm sure it wasn't). The game has a storyline that makes minus zero sense. The way it starts is, Shaq is in Japan before a charity basketball game, and he comes to this karate dojo (by the way, there is a bit of prominent Pepsi product placement [how's that for alliteration?] here), where an old man informs him that he (Shaq, that is) is the Magic One, and that he (again, Shaq) must go into another dimension to rescue some kid named Nezu. Then Shaq goes through this portal into the other dimension. The story begs multitudinous questions, and never answers a single one (unless I've missed or forgotten something, or more than one thing). Some examples: Just why is Shaq (the "Magic One") the ONLY one who can rescue Nezu? Why can't anyone else do it? Why was Nezu kidnapped in the first place? Why is there a portal to the other dimension inside the dojo? How does the old man know that Shaq is the Magic One (that is, the one who must rescue Nezu)? This next question doesn't really have so much to do with the story, but just exactly how do you pronounce "Nezu"? ("NEZ-oo"? "NEE-zoo"? "NAY-zoo"?) If I tried to list all of the questions that the storyline (and other things in the game) make me ask, the list would probably go on for miles before I finished it! As for the actual "game" part, I really don't think that it looks or sounds that bad (although MANY other games, including other SNES games, have done MUCH better). I wouldn't say that the controls are that good, though. Your opponents are really bizarre --- a catlady, a mummy (who is the main bad guy), and assorted other weirdos. Before each match, you and your opponent engage in a bit of smack talking --- bad smack talking, at that. It seems that your opponents all have much better moves than you do; they can whip your butt in no time. I find it odd that Shaq has no basketball-related moves; shouldn't he at least have the ability to throw basketballs at his opponents? (By the way, get a load of the mummy guy's name: Sett Ra. Those who are familiar with ancient Egyptian deities, or at least their names, will probably get a laugh out of that.) And, for those of you who may not want the ending of the game spoiled, SKIP THE FOLLOWING PARAGRAPH!		The game ends as ridiculously as it begins (almost). Shaq returns to Earth (with Nezu) in time for that charity basketball game --- and who is there at the game but Shaq's enemies from the other dimension (or at least a couple of them, anyway). Then Shaq dishes out a little more smack talk, and that's it.		Overall, a supremely cheesy game. It really makes no sense that Shaq is even on the game. The game indeed appears to have been mainly just a cheap attempt to cash in on Shaq's (then-)celebrity, as he was very big at the time; making a truly good game (let alone one where Shaq's presence actually makes sense) doesn't seem to have been a priority. If you like games with storylines that make actual sense (any sense at all), this definitely isn't one of those games. If you like games that play really well, this isn't one of those games, either. But if you just want a game that is good for a few laughs (even if that was unintentional), this game might work for you, though it certainly isn't worth paying much for.
1,The graphics are more enjoyable than the game it's self which are unbelivably good. BUT the game gets boring really fast because it's to repetative. Your just slashing over and over and overagin and it's the same moves everythime. The fighting itself isn't even fun and theres something about the sounds of the game that i just hate! Thank god for Assasins creed, i'm selling this ASAP!
1,Pros:	You get to play as your favorite Marvel character.		Cons:	Filled with bugs from the jump. I had to replay the first mission several times just to get the boss to spawn. Bugs that should have been fixed with ease have yet to be and it's very disappointing.		The vehicle controls are absolute garbage, Makes what should be an enjoyable experience a nightmare. The combat system is also a disappointment, It's very shallow.		Repetitive and boring missions such as placing a piece of furniture 100 times. Makes the game very tedious and proves how little effort they actually put into it. If you want any real campaign, You'll have to shell out another 35 dollars for one of the play sets. Even then it's not much value to it.		Aside from exploring the painfully small world, There is nothing to do. Even playing with a friend doesn't help. Unless you plan on spending hours upon hours creating a whole world by yourself, You are gonna get sick of it real quick.		Overall:	Disney Infinity is nothing but a pathetic cash grab at an attempt to match the hundreds of millions Skylanders is raking in. After spending 70 dollars on both the set and another character, I feel incredibly ripped off. It's such a shallow and empty experience, It's pretty much a giant middle finger to the people who bought it thinking it'd be fun.
1,Origin is really horrible, the international page even charges you in EUROS, frikking euros, i am in Venezuela, i should be able to pick Dollars or whatever currency i want to use, they use euros, because you know, makes it more expensive, aniways, thanks god they made it that way so i didn't buy the final product, i however have played it.		The game is full of bugs, it is trash.
1,I got this game free when I purchased the XBox 360 Elite... and I did play it for a bit just to see what it was like... and it wasn't very fun. The first 10 minutes are great... but after that I'm done. I just really don't like racing games.
1,Ahh... the graphics are good. But that is about it. If you are looking for  cheap copy of halo this is it. Maybe it is just that I have been playing Halo for years that this game does not impress me in anyway. I don't know. I don't see much in the story but good graphics.
1,I'll start with a blunt statement.  The Sims 4 has the least content of any Sims game at the time of launch since the original.		I will warn you.  If you go from the Sims 3 with no expansions, to the Sims 4, you will be stunned by how little there is to do.  Some of the expansions for the Sims 3 have far more content than the Sims 4 does.		I'll try and give a quick list of the issues:		No Pools	No Cars	No Open World (you jump from lot to lot)	Tiny Worlds (Apparently they saw nothing wrong with the tiny SimCIty maps)	Severe lack of places to go.	Limited Skills	Limited Jobs	Too Few Traits	Floating Roofs	Crashes more often than a hammered Lindsey Lohan on a go-cart track.	Bugs	Bugs	Bugs	Bugs		Okay the good things:	Moods are okay	Multitasking is a nice add on	Parts for upgrades has potential	Looks great	When it doesn't crash, or kick a bug, it's runs okay.		Overall it feels like I paid $60 for a demo.  No, a demo would be functional.  I paid $60 for a BETA Demo.		*** UPDATE ****		The 9/11/14 update of the game made it much more stable.  The update before that, took away the demon babies.  The game is now playable.  I'm not adding anymore stars.  The game still lacks an enormous amount of content. Even though one of the updates added a few items, it's still no where close to a good value.		*** UPDATE #2 ***	I figured it would help people to actually see how much is missing from this game.  Here is a list of the items.  Remember, these items are comparing the BASE games.  When you first see this list you figure it must include some of the Sims 3 expansions.  No it does not.  That's why so many people are completely disgusted with this game.....on a side note, it hasn't crashed on me in a long time.		MAJOR MISSING FEATURES THAT WERE IN TS3:		No create a style (CAST) - NOT possible in future expansions. (x)	No modifications to world/town/public spaces.	No "normal" careers - Law enforcement, Medical, etc.	No open world - You must incur a loading screen between each active lot; each neighborhood has 1-5 lots total.	No terrain tools other than paint; the entire build-able world is completely flat.	No story progression - Sims in the neighborhood age, but do not have children, get jobs, move, get married...etc. without player intervention.	No toddlers.	No way to create/place new lots - Only 2 empty lots at the start of the game.	No Mac version of the game until months after release.		MAJOR CRIPPLED/LIMITED FEATURES THAT WERE IN TS3:		All buildings on a lot must have the same foundation. No mixing for sheds, garages, etc.	Babies are mere objects - All interactions are through basinet. There are no baby objects. Babies can only be lifted directly above basinet.	Backgrounds are illusions - The buildings in the background are not playable in the game.	Most of the area surrounding a lot is "decorative" and cannot be walked to or otherwise interacted with.	Fewer floors/levels, limited to three.	SIGNIFICANTLY smaller "worlds" of <25 lots compared to 125+ lots in The Sims 3. (x)	Smaller lots - Biggest lot size is 50x50 instead of 64x64.	Loading screens for each individual lot.	The map is a one-dimensional picture.	Teens are same height as adults and they, along with elders, all look nearly identical.		OTHER MISSING GAMEPLAY ELEMENTS FROM TS1-TS3:		No acne (x)	No aliens (x)	No animated hair (x)	No aspiration failures (x)	No babysitters (x)	No basements (x)	No bookstores (x)	No burglars (x)	No cars (not even as dcor) (x)	No cashiers	No cemeteries (x)	No cutscenes (x)	No cleaning skill (x)	No clothes shopping (x)	No color wheel, predefined to ~20 colors (x)	No comfort need (x)	No Create a World Tool	No curfew (x)	No customization of multi-tone hair color (users select only main color) (x)	No dinner proposals (x)	No diseases or illness (x)	No dreams (x)	No environment need	No exterminator	No eyelash length slider (x)	No favorites (food, color, music) (x)	No fears (x)	No full face make-up only limited(x)	No garage doors (x)	No gardener for hire (x)	No grocery stores (x)	No inheritance	No male body hair (x)	No magazines	No move object cheat (x)	No newspapers (x)	No opacity slider for makeup (x)	No party invitations from other Sims	No private school (x)	No rabbit holes at all - Sims move offscreen for work and school. There are no hospitals, work/school buildings...etc. (x)	No random or accidental deaths	No repairman (x)	No repo man - (x)	No restaurants	No skin slider (x)	No swimming in lakes or the ocean	No swings	No tragic clown or social bunny (x)	No way to watch a Sim commute to work/school (x)	No way to water flower beds/bushes	No website for browsing exchange or store (in-game only)	No zodiac signs	Cannot get tattoos after sim creation without using a buggy cheat.	MISSING OBJECTS FROM TS1, TS2 OR TS3 BASE GAMES:		No bikes	No changing tables	No cribs	No dishwashers (x)	No highchairs	No hot tubs	No pool tables	No trash compactors (x)	MISC CRIPPLED GAME FEATURES:		32-bit executable - TS4 is not 64-bit, and cannot access more than 4GB of RAM. If you have more than 4GB then you are crippled.	Fewer traits in CAS (more traits must be unlocked/earned in-game).	Incompatible Simpoint currency - Sims 3 Store Simpoints do not work with TS4.
1,Yes, in my opinion the scroll wheel on this mouse is bad enough to warrant a one-star.  The scroll wheel on this mouse is very, very loose.  Thus, scrolling is extremely annoying and difficult due to the inaccuracy/hyper-sensitivity of the wheel.  Moreover, if you so much as tap the table that the mouse is sitting on, the mouse wheel will move - very annoying.		Other things I did not like about this mouse:  it's too bulky, and the texture sucks - too rough.  Though this is very subjective, I never realized how much I appreciated ambidextrous mice.		Things I *did* like about this mouse:  8200 dpi, reasonable price for the dpi (though, you can get mice with similar sensitivity for less).
1,This game has so many modes of copyright protection, that it leads me to believe that there are parts of it that will not be uninstallable.  I have had such problems and they require rebooting the computer which isn't nice. So, I chose not to install it.  Consumers should make it clear that they will not buy such monstrosities.
1,This doesn't have a single player aspect to the game, and the campaign elements it does claim to have, are completely multiplayer.	Clearly there is a interesting world here, too bad they never attempt to do anything with it, there was a great chance for some outstanding storytelling, but it never happened.		So we are left with a very expensive Multiplayer only game. However, for the price tag, you would think there was a epic campaign tacked on, So I guess I don't understanding the price point.		Now on to multiplayer, it's fun at first, for one or two hours. Then you realize how annoying the AI bots are in matches (well you notice that in the first five minutes but Titans make it fun for the hour or hours). They pretty much stand there and let you shoot them. Through all of that mess, you have to find and kill six other people. This game design choice was crazy. Swarming AI bots, but only 6 vs 6 players? A person got paid for this kind of decision making?		The textures on this game, leave much to be desired. Sure it's an alright looking game, but feels stuck in last gen.	The guns do not have recoil, and that really threw it off for me. Also you are talking about a 50gig (or 48) download which is crazy. .		Also there is an extreme lack of maps, which Is another insane detail for the price point of this game. Not to mention they all feel the same.		I won't sit here and pretend, there isn't a good thing about this game. The Titan's and their gameplay, are amazing. Very impressive what was done here. They feel better than the pilots themselves to be honest. I can't help but tip my hat to this aspect of the game, because it's a lot of fun. When you jump out of one, it does make you realize how sad it is, the rest of the game pales in comparison, to their greatness.		If you only like multiplayer, no campaign, lore, then you may want to try this game out at some point.	But the looming 59.99 price tag for a multiplayer game, is just too high. I feel sorry for people who bought, the deluxe version or the collections edition. There are free to play games that offer more, with the same lack of content, take Hakwen for example, I hate the game personally, but you do get more.		It's my fault I bought this game, I did like the beta, but I also thought through some level of stupidity there was a campaign, and a story to be told around these massive and entertaining Titans. A single player campaign that might echo, the greatest of Halo. Since Microsoft made this an exclusive, to help sell X-box Ones. Shame on me.		I can't say anything except this was a massive Titan Fail.
1,This is my first time playing fallout so I'm new to the series. I purchased it based on the great reviews it had. However I didn't like this game because it was challenging to learn how to build things, customize weapons etc. The game does not introduce new players to these concepts and assumes you might already know how from previous games.		The story was also somewhat boring. You kill enemies and come back and they're  resurrected!
1,I totally agree that this game is way to dark, but it is challenging and enjoy that aspect.
1,This was a waste of money.  The case was worth it but the battery enclosure lid had not only a striped screw but was also damaged.  The bottom had numerous scratches on it and the box slip cover was ripped.  I decided to destroy the base because quite frankly it was junk and just have a revenant on my own stand (trust me the fan and led lighting add nothing to the statue).  The statue is solid but damn if I am hesitant ever to order a "collector's edition" again with the last two being a joke (i.e., Doom and Rise of the Tomb Raider), both were cheaply made trash.  Love love love the game but Bethesda could have done so much better.  My Doom Can Cup from loot crate was better than this...You have been warned.		Oh and no season pass makes this even more worthless.  Just buy the game and look for the statue (if you want it) on eBay...Why they did not put a Hell Knight as their mascot is beyond me...A revenant, yeah, that is a character that really did not impress me in the original Dooms...Hell Knights and Baron's of Hell always struck fear into my heart as a child in the 90's.
1,I did not play last year's game, so I cannot comment on how much of an improvement this game is over that one, but I will set the record straight for anyone curious about whether or not this game is a bold step forward: it is not. If you've played any of these games from 2K10 onward you've played this one. Yes, this year's game has a terrific roster and some good production values, but it feels like it was built on the exact same engine as its predecessors, only now they have altered the pacing through irritating in-match mini-games and adding a cost to reversals. The control system itself is in many ways worse than the older games, as this emphasis on "realism" results in very slow, sluggish control response...almost to the point of absurdity. You have the feeling that you are not really controlling your character, but simply guiding him/her through a set of animations and quick time events. This clunky stitching together of animations based on context does make the whole thing look like a match, but you feel rather detached from what you are seeing on screen.		As a result, the player is presented with a clunky, antiquated game engine slathered in a vibrant and appealing coat of WWE paint. In that sense, it is the wrestling equivalent of Madden-an aging, substandard mess that manages to represent its license with enough appeal that you stomach it out of fandom and nostalgia. At the end of the day, if you grew up with wrestling and the great wrestling games of the late 90s, it is nice to have a new wrestling game to play. The game is good enough satisfy the wrestling urge for half-our or so, but then reality sets in and I, anyway, am compelled to move on. If you only grew up with these games, then perhaps it is good enough, but if you are a veteran of games like No Mercy and Fire Pro, you will be bitterly disappointed by this effort.
1,Worthless in every sense of the word. The graphics are garbage, the gameplay is mindless, you cant even start a party and invite your friends. 60 dollars gone. Last time i download a game ever. I would have returned this same day with no hesitation. Dont buy it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1,I just completed this game last night and am now afforded the ability to browse the reviews on here (I'm a stickler for no spoilers) and formulate my own opinion.		I got this game for one main reason - it was billed as an RPG that allows you to make choices that either majorly or moderately affect the world you are in and the story of the main game.  To a certain degree, this was true - but that fact sinks to a watery grave when diluted with the game's other problems.		Graphically, the game isn't exactly spectacular - but this is being said in the afterglow of next-gen consoles and I do own an XBox One, so.....perhaps my view is muddied somewhat.  The cutscene graphics are fairly poor, and funnily enough in-game graphics are quite good (comparatively).  But - I can overlook subpar graphics for a great game.		Now, I will start with the good:		If you were looking for an RPG, then you have definitely come to the right shop!  I have missed RPG-ishness ever since finishing Skyrim (which is a game with its own issues), and it was really nice to be able to step into a fantasy world again.		You are indeed able to make decisions at key points in the game - mostly through a 'persuasion' system in dialogue options.  I like how Geralt casts some witchcraft to 'persuade' people, too - it sets him apart from the other characters.		The world is huge and varied, although I do get the impression that you are only shown a tiny sliver of it.		But now, unfortunately, for the bad:		Player connection to the playable character of Geralt is seriously impeded by the brick wall of lore you are expected to consume, process, understand and form your own feelings about.  The game does NOT ease you into the world whatsoever.  While ME2 did a great job of introducing the player to the world all over again (as Shepard had been basically resurrected), this game does NOT.  In missing the opportunity to enkindle a basic interest in the world at large in its players, The Witcher 2 has one, initial, major fatal flaw:  it failed to make me care.  In a decision-based RPG, that is VERY bad news.  I felt that I was basically a non-sentient floating through the game's books and maps and cities, being TOLD about all these other places, people and wars - but that I had absolutely NO reason to worry about any of it, or care.		The map system.  The map system is one of the main technical reasons that I did not achieve a fuller understanding of the game world and story.  I literally missed 90% of the side quests (some of which with significant stories and/or characters in them) because I was not able to follow the quest markers effectively.  You can only have one quest marker at a time on your map, meaning you have to manually choose which quest to go after.  Unfortunately, this in turn means that you may stumble into another quest (or advance the storyline) just by attempting to transition from whatever area you are in to the marked quest area.  This is very unfortunate.  Not only that, but the quest markers seemed to me to be HIGHLY unreliable, unpredictable and - at times - completely incomprehensible.  I spent literally HOURS attempting to find two guys to armwrestle in the dwarven city (Vergen, was it?).  The quest marker showed their location, at which I was standing, but they weren't there.  I went under ground, scoured the city, looked for secret doors, stumbled through catacombs (all the time initiating and completing other missions by accident), did EVERYTHING I could think of to find these guys to armwrestle - to no avail.  I can only assume that it was some kind of glitch - but unfortunately it ensured that after that point in the game, I paid almost no attention to *ANY* side quests and did not go after any of them, because I knew I could not rely on my map or the quest markers.  Major flaw and one that makes the player feel like they are bashing their head against a brick wall.		Adult material inclusion.  I welcome adult language, situations and sex/love in a game.  It makes me care, and it makes me want to succeed in a game.  I wholeheartedly encourage the use of them in all games.  However, even I was left with a bad taste in my mouth after my pummeling by The Witcher 2's profanity, sex and unbridled objectification of women.  To make matters worse (and I don't know if this is just the way I played the game or not), but I was totally unable to actually form a romantic relationship with anyone in the game.  I mean - apart from Triss, who is just sort of the cookie-cutter 'girlfriend' - but even then there was no culmination of our relationship, or after Geralt saved her.....nothing.  She even features on the front cover of the game!  But.......yeah.  Nothing.		Profanity is used frequently to the point of sounding like every second person in the game has swearword-diarrhea.  A smattering here or there to evoke the strength of emotions at certain plot points is absolutely necessary - but in this game it comes across as purely gratuitous.  Dwarves can't even pass the time of day at the market without cussing and referencing "ploughing" (you'll need to know some game lore to fully understand that), and you can't even go forward to attend the end-game conference at Loc Muinne without someone throwing a VERY surprising c-word around the place.  Ooookay then.	Women are treated with the maturity you'd expect from a 14-year-old in most of the game, too.  They are scantily clad (sorceresses), can't wear anything unless it has such a scoop neck that it only just covers her nipples, and are forced into baked-in storyline scenes of bondage, spanking, etc. etc.  Very disappointing.  Like I say - I still have no idea why this game has all this in it, because you actually can't romance anyone.  Mehhh....maybe my Mass Effect is showing.		Potions.  Well wow - here's a game aspect that is under developed and under used.  You cannot drink potions in battle - I repeat, you cannot drink potions in battle!!  So basically, you have to remember to 'meditate' before you ANTICIPATE there MAY be someone to fight soon, and drink your potions.  This is a terribly convoluted way to treat something that is supposed to be one of the Witcher's main methods.  Hmmm.		So, yeah.  The rest of my review really just sums up how I feel about the plot and game story in general.  It's pretty unfollowable and mediocre.  It definitely has its shining points, but they are few and far between.  I had heard the hype about this game and was really looking forward to playing it and seeing what it was like.  In reality - I'm exhausted and very happy that I've finally finished it (well - I say finally....but minus the unfollowable, unfindable side quests it only takes about <20hrs to complete all three Acts).  The ending of the game came very suddenly and anticlimactically, and because I was playing on easy difficulty, battling the dragon (Was that Saskia?  I have no idea.....) was just a little side thing to do to get you to the credits.		There was an epilogue with lots of troop movements, people I didn't know, and places I didn't recognize with armies moving through them.  No idea what that was about.
1,As much as I love Skyrim I dislike Elder Scrolls.  Terrible.  Bethesda blew this one.
1,I'm new to baseball and baseball games. It has a hard learning curve for the people totally ignorant to baseball overall I guess the game was okay the body customization is limited but their is a wide array of accessories
1,Does not work. Crashes every minute. My ps4 works fine with all other Ganesh
1,I played Battlefield 3 a lot. I preferred it to MW3. BF3 took tactics and thought. You had to use your squad. Each role served a purpose. I can remember times when I was low crawling through high grass and a bullet would wiz by, blurring my screen. Times when the guy next to you would lay down suppressive fire so you could move closer to the objective. Battles were epic at times. Ground war going in full force, a dog fight in the sky and Apache's bringing in air support.		It was a different experience then MW3 where you just sprinted everywhere alone. If someone started shooting at you just sprint at them and knife then down.		Unfortunately BF4 took to the ways of MW3. In the few matches I played online, the maps where small, there where no vehicles, and everyone just ran around all for themselves. In one match I knifed three people in a row as they shot me. Another I just hip fired a sniper rifle. There was no challenge, no tactics, no vehicles, and definitely no team work. It was CoD all over again. Every man/woman for themselves just trying to top the charts. This was nothing like the BF I remember.		I played the campaign for two hours. It was over the top but not too bad. Expanses of nothingness followed by a full enemy onslaught. Then my game disappeared. I resumed my campaign and the opening credits started. i was back underwater in the taxi. All was lost.		I was able to make a trade where I bought it and got another game. I will probably pick BF4 up again in the future, but not for more then $25, just not worth it.
1,Wouldn't run on Windows 7 or 8 nor in any compatibility mode.  It installs, then nothing.  It bothers me to leave a poor review because I can't actually review the content of the product.  After much searching on the internet on getting the program to run I found this was a common issue.  If I find a solution, I will update this review and modify the rating based on the content.
1,After all the hype, I pre-ordered this game and waited anxiously for it's arrival. TDU was a great game and I loved it, TDU2 is a lousy game and I'll explain why I feel this way about it: First, I have a 7750 KUMA dual-core with 4GB DDR2800 on the board and 1GB HD5750 GDDR5 Radeon and it's not enough! Regardless of what the stats seem to say, you need a gaming rig to play this game and I mean a good gaming rig...I would suggest a quad-core and 64-bit OS with 8GB on the board minimum as well as no less than 2GB on video. Second, this game is made to be played online, which is fine, though I also like to play offline in more quiet times. This game really wasn't designed for that. The challanges are quite difficult. I made it to the first championship cup on Ibiza but never managed to get past the fourth race. Even with the system I have, it's not enough to give me the control I need to win those races. The racing school part of the game is ridiculous. In TDU, you bought a car and raced...in TDU2, you have to go to school, pass the "classes", get your license, and THEN you can race. STUPID! If I wanted a racing career, I'd become a race car driver! The point of the game is to have fun and TDU2 took the fun out of the game.
1,I wasn't happy to find that my Xbox 360 didn't work even after I spent money on a hard drive for it.  There must me more work with the Xbox 360 than the hard drive.  I won't spend my money on Xbox 360 consoles or hard drives again on Amazon.com.  It was very disappointing.  I usually have a better experience.  This is the first time that I have been very dissatisfied.  I have learned my lesson.  Don't buy used off the computer.
1,Doesn't save my games.
1,YUp I had it in my cart for the deal price of $25.00 and right at checkout, poof the price was $30.00  So pay in advance 6 months tis cheapest
1,XBOX360 kinect sports is dead and the kinect will never be the same.  Although, it does work pretty good for skype - but thats about it.
1,More like Assassins Creed III - Overpriced Pirate DLC brought to you by Ubisoft.		Change the mechanics a bit more, deliver a richer storyline next time-- This franchise is getting boring.
1,Got this game for family multiplayer and game crashes every time we a log in to play. USELESS.	Still waiting for the patch to fix it. I won't hold my breath. Huge disappointment.	Blizzard is not what it used to be.
1,I never could get this game chugging on more than one cylinder.  The manual is irrevelant and no outside game helps are published (I've looked for more than a year).  Play the stockmarket ???  Forget about it ...  If you are not into the esoterica of steam trains or stupid country music,  the computer steals the fun and always has you dead to rights.  Historical trade and industrial patterns are treated very lightly indeed.  I like to able to play the game, but I couldn't make it do anything.
1,I preordered it on my ps4. I played the beta and thought it was pretty good. The actual game is horrible. I've been playing it since it came out and decided to delete it from my ps4. The campaign is so repetitive and boring. The multiplayer competitiveness is call of duty like with no map or weapon control. So many more issues that I will not go into. I've always loves bungie but I've been totally let down and have wasted $60. I will no longer buy anything from bungie or Activision. People save your money!
1,Seller claimed in description that game was in working condition. When it arrived, it was RATTLING. Needless to say, it wouldn't play. Which is pretty bad considering how tough these things are. It'd be nice to get a replacement without getting charged shipping for a product with a false description.
1,With the high-tech techno/rock/acid music pervading all the levels, the odd controls including the somewhat mandatory option to wield all weapons one-handedly (except assault rifles and rocket launchers) allowing for two weapons to be wielded at once, and the much harsher technological grittiness of the whole thing (insanely high tech items, weird futuristic weapons, cloned enemies that range from looking like SWAT team members to the Vin Diesel character Riddick), this does not feel like a Bond game.		I think, if it weren't for the slightly familiar "acidic" version of the Bond theme on the main menu, and the presence of Bond villains like Auric Goldfinger, Dr. No, Pussy Galore, Francisco Scaramanga, Oddjob, Xenia Onatopp and others, this wouldn't be a Bond game at all, but "Random Action Shoot-em-up 2004"		The "E.V.I.L. AI" I either must not have seen yet (I'm not completely through the campaign) or is so unremarkable as to be not there.  It apparently consists of individual enemies shooting at you, then trying to run up to you to bash you over the head with their weapons if you aren't fast enough to shoot them.  Since almost all of them wear high tech body armor, it takes quite a few shots from even a rapid-fire machine gun (resembling "Goldeneye 64's RCP-90") to take them down.  There's no blood, no permanent bodies, and no realistic methods of death.  Slain enemies take a second or two to keel over, in the same two or three motions of falling forward as if drunk, or keeling backwards.		It's absolutely astonishing that MI-6 would reject this guy (as seen in a cutscene) considering how much of an expert with guns this guy must be.  He's able to wield two separate guns, no matter how big, reload them without dropping either gun for any reason, and can absorb unbelievable amounts of damage (on Normal mode!) and can even regenerate health and armor!  In fact, the only reason I can see that he's been kicked out is because he let MI-6's golden boy James Bond die in a simulation where really there was nothing he could do---Bond was hanging off a ledge several feet away, and by the time Goldeneye reaches him, he falls to his death.		One thing about the game that is fantastic is the cutscenes.  The 3D modeling is smooth and beautiful without being too gritty "warts and all" like Shrek, which would probably make this game 4 or 5 discs instead of 2.  The story is actually a good one, which has Goldeneye working for Auric Goldfinger, starting off in a war with Dr. No, and actually making Goldfinger look not like a maniacal enemy seeking the world's destruction, but rather like a crime boss with his priorities in order.  Scaramanga makes an appearance as the inventor of Goldeneye's eye implant (hence his name) which allows some mildly helpful, but ultimately unimportant technologies you really wouldn't need except for one or two instances in some missions.		All in all, aside from the cutscenes, story, and main theme music, you would never be able to tell this is a Bond game.  There's none of that flair, style, or mood pervasive in all other Bond games.  Even though you're playing a bad guy, you and your enemies seem of such high caliber, class, and technique, that it makes the franchise seem more like something out of a ridiculously complex spy movie.
1,Just bought and installed the game, can't even play 1 minute of the game, constantly getting error messages , Blizzard are f..ing clowns. ... Don't buy this game !!!
1,USB reciever cuts in and out too often.
1,Its a damn abomination that im paying 100 dollars more for the premium console, yet still have to buy more accessories that should be included. Youd think that it being a GAMING console they would make the gaming experience better before including useless features that no one wants, yes im referring to the Kinect that i was forced to buy yet still haven't taken out of the box. Im glad to see that im not the only one that feels this way.
1,didnt work
1,Good mechanics poor story
1,Great idea... Opening scene is awesome but game is very hard confusing and difficult to play not as fun or as cool as i expected only hard core trekkies will really enjoy this game.
1,I bought this game on release day last year and got rid of it early January of this year. The game was very story & gameplay were very boring and the more I tried to sit and play through the game it felt more like chore instead of fun.
1,This is worse than previous NASCAR games from other companies. Way worse.		Nascar fan and was looking forward to this game. A five-year-old might like this, but the gameplay is really subpar. Shame on the programmers. People want a competitive sports game, not this
1,Im tired of having limitations placed on something I buy legitimately. Go after the pirates, take the to court, stop screwing with your honest customers already.
1,Worthless
1,Used this on and off for about 3 months and now it doesn't work, lights are on but won't button map or activate mods. It was nice while it was working.
1,Frustrating! Bizarre! Cheap! Confusing! Junk!		Wait ... beyond junk.  It's bizzare in how bad it is.  The controls are so bad I actually hurt myself.  The graphics are cheap and crappy.  The on screen instructions are even worse than the game play.  The interface was confusing.		Only two games are slightly playable, skeet ball and ring toss.  My son, who is 7, did enjoy these two for about 5 minutes only because it was a game we could play together but I highly doubt he will ever want to play it again because the graphics are so bad.  Instead we will go back to Wii Sports bowling and Wii Play fishing.		The volley ball game is UNPLAYABLE, very complex and just bizzare.  Just try serving, go ahead try it! Then try hitting the ball after serving, button A+upswing to set, button B+down swing to hit, shake the control like crazy to do a super spike.  Now do this all in about 2 seconds.  No? couldn't do it?  We gave up on this game mid-way.  So back to Wii Sports Tennis.		And how about that kayacking?  Can you even tell what is meant by the Wii remote icon over all 4 players, even though two players are CPU players.  And occassionally the Wii remote icons will turn into a Red X, even over the CPU players.  I guess those CPU players' Wii remote lost their signal. Back to ANY Wii racing game I ever played (Wii Play cow race, Wii-ware racing games)		Oh and what was it with multi player mode?  You pick multiplayer and you are shown 4 boxes with two Wii remote icons in each with no explaination.  Ya that makes PERFECT sense to me.		The controls are so horrible and unresponsive, this lack of response will make you swing, flick harder and harder.  This caused my arms to hurth.  No really hurt.  All the crazy movements I do with Wii Sports boxing, or Wii Fit boxing NEVER hurt my arm.  Yet M&M volleyball hurht my arm like a Little League pitcher who threw too much during a season.		This game did do one good thing, it made me appreciate all the great Nintendo titles suchs as Sports, Fit, Sports Resort, Mario Super Sluggers.  I longed for those games as my wrist and armed hurt from over flicking.		I wish there was such a thing as a no star rating because I would have given that.  We did get it for free as someone else was going to donate it to Salvation Army.  I may help this game continue it's journey to Salvation Army, however this posses a moral delima to me.  Can I, a fan of video games, contribute to the life span of this bizzarely horrible game?  No I can not, I think I shall have to destroy this disc.  I just imagine the look of excitement on a child's face as she sees this game waiting for her, only for her to realize she's been ripped off.  Ripping off children is as low as it gets in my consumer book, DONT DO IT!		Don't buy this or any other M&M titles unless Mars Co. post an open letter of appology explaining that it was an executive's 5 year who programed this thing, and he is now fired and being sued by the company.  In fact I DEMAND an explaination.  This is one brand that I will NEVER buy a game from again.
1,Steam DRM, lack of dedicated servers, 60 dollar price tag, no lean, no console, no recording, no mod support, etc etc. This game is a complete failure in every single way. But I'll just focus on the DRM, since I am pretty sure the other reviewers will cover the rest.		Here is what you are "getting" with Steam:		- No returns. No resale value. This is in violation of the US First Sale doctrine, as your game is suddenly not "yours" anymore. The disc becomes a coaster and you might as well trash it.		- Online activation: You must have Steam running to play the game. You must associate this game with a Steam account. You must be connected to the internet to play the game. And you know the game will stop to function when Steam as a service ceases to exists (making this purchase effectively a rental).		- The game will be locked to the initial Steam account. If you friend or family member wants to borrow the game, they will need your login credentials.		- Lack of standalone patches. This is a major incovenience as Steam will try to install the latest patch version even if it's problematic or broken. It is also impossible to backup these patches, requiring you to download them each time.		This game is a complete failure than any self respecting PC gamer should avoid.
1,The only really good thing about this game is the graphics everything else is just meh. Very limited gun selection. Gaming modes are very generic and not very fun and mostly everyone plays walker assault which can be very one sided. Personally I've never seen the empire win on endor for walker assault. The game is fun with friends but playing with friends makes even solitaire fun, by yourself this gets very boring and most of the people I know who picked it up on release day have already stopped playing it a week or two later.		This is going to be the last DICE game I am picking up and from the crap that other companies have been putting out, I don't think I am gonna be playing video games very much anymore.
1,Pretty repetitive. shoot people earn a robot suit, live forever in the robot because robots > people "atleast in this game"... Would be alot funner if could have more human players in the multiplayer... The maps are huge so they would really benefit from have a higher player count. It's limited on guns to use which makes it one of those games where whoever has the best/most expensive cheat controller wins.
1,Buyer beware the color is not as dark as the picture. This decals fonts are also fuzzy logos are all fuzzy. Picture is the limited addition ps4. Also this decal comes in sections for top bottom and sides to black lines are seen. I'll post pictures installed later.
1,COPY RIGHT ALERT	THE MOVIE OF THE SAME NAME HAD ALIEN MONSTERS	THIS GAME DOES NOT	THIS GAME IS A LIE AND IS VERY UNORIGINAL	NOTHING LIKE THE MOVIE
1,Assassins Creed I does not recognize the XBOX 360 usb controller for the PC the game would like you to use. Assassins Creed II does recognize it. I have found on the internet remarks that indicate the company forgot to include the recognition capability in its first version of Assassins Creed for the PC (switch inputs to keyboard and mouse control to play the game). I much prefer playing the game on the PS3 as this game really sucks for the PC.
1,The new 3.5mm port doesnt work on my controller and thats the whole reason i bought this. so stupid. i bought it on sale and now i have to return it and buy one at full price
1,The product arrived on time however, the quality of the product was very poor and each time I attempted to play the game it would register and "error message" and the seller could not be reached.
1,Ripoff alert! This is a demo, i.e. play is restricted to one level. If Konami wants to avoid some really pissed off customers it should refund them, lower the price to $5, and place a clear disclaimer on the packaging and promotion noting that this is a demo.
1,My 10 year old must have thought this was something different.  He has not played with it much and said he does not like it. He has several other star wars games, not sure why, but this does not interest him.
1,this game is graphically Excellent and i love scaling along buildings and leaping from various objects...but after about 5 hours, this game gets EXTREMELY repetative...mainly because you cant just locate your target and kill him...you have to do a bunch of pointless things FIRST. youv got to scale about 3 buildings and reach the highest building...then locate an informant who knows who you must kill..but they run you in circles and have you play USELESS Pick Pocket and Interogation side quests...THEN there are street informants who have you kill more people...and a bunch of other run-around, and thats on EVERY mission. half the time, i didn't even kno where to go, it was so unclear...		if they would have just let you know from the JUMP who you had to kill...and let you LOCATE that individual on your own without all the  useless side missions (like everyone thought this game would be), i would have a higher tolerance for this game. but its definately worth the RENTAL..or find it used at Gamestop and return it within 7 days for a full refund. if your into games that take place around this Time frame, i highly suggest Fable for xbox. i picked that game up when i took this back and i love it.		iLL .
1,this game is so horrible. the graphics are bad, the fighters are boring, and i think this game doesn't have fatalities!
1,This was Sega's handheld.  It was big, clunky, hard to see, had terrible sound and not many good games like Gameboy....hence it's dead now.
1,Thanks
1,I was excited to see a charger for such a reasonable price, but when it came it is such a cheap version. It has two little flimsy wires in the back to send a charge through, I am worried that they will get bent or broken. If you have children I would recommend a different set up. It was also difficult to get the rechargeable battery pack onto the wiimote. I think I will stick with my regular rechargeable batteries and invest in a better quality charger later.
1,OK
1,If you enjoy things like lag when a certain enemy moves (Berzerkers), your UI disappearing, and doors which never open (causing the game to be unwinnable), then buy this game.  The Easter Eggs in this game is finding all 300 bugs.
1,Worked once and never powered on again. Moved on to a different brand. Could have just been bad luck though.
1,I played it years ago and loved it and i recently  got a ps2 system so I decided to order midnight club 3 but I never received it instead I received need for speed underground 2 in the midnight club 3 case. The game its self is good but the seller not so much.
1,Can't unlock other islands with the the rain. Even though the ENTIRE map shows discovered!! WHAT A RIP OFF.
1,I'm so disappointed. I mourned the death of my hopes. A small vigil was held.		Everything about this.... is. Just. Horrible. I was really looking forward to an improvement on the (already great) left 4 dead recipe. Players dropping in and out. Classes. Competitive online play. Couch co-op. Oh the fun times my wife and i were going to have. Shame on you gearbox.		The graphics seem like they are still in development. The whole game does really. It FEELS like you are playing a rough draft. On some lower-rated games, I might throw out a phrase like "get it from the $10 bargain bin". Not this time folks. The clipping and bugs, mixed with the blend of poor graphics torque you. They show you well enough what could have been, but is not.		What upsets me most is that the Alien franchise/concept rarely gets the justice it deserves. If you are hinging a product to a franchise you should be held to certain quality standards. What is going on here? Instead Aliens are following Nicholas Cage's career recipe; start off strong and sell yourself to anyone.		As for gear box, sometimes I wonder if they are the real life Producers (yes from the musical).  They've found a way to make more from a flop than a hit, under certain circumstances.
1,WCW STINKS. At least that's what most WWF, ECW, and other wrestling fans believe, and from the looks of this game, they're right. The only fun thing about this game is the 4-man battle royal. Everything else, the character designs, the entrances, the bizarre physics of contact (I punch while you're a mile away; you feel it) just smell worse than... Santa after a rowdy elf party. Stay away from this game... it gets one star for the battle royal, and the other for just booting up when you turn it on. Go buy Tony Hawk's Pro Skater.
1,While i enjoyed the time that my PS3 was working, once it fails you have to jump through hoops to get it fixed.  I witnessed this with 2 of my friends with PS3's, who ultimately had to mail the PS3 to Sony to fix.  My 40 gig must have been built on a Tuesday, because I didn't have any problems at first.  Once it got a year and a half old, the system stuck in the MIDDLE OF GAMES, and turned itself ON and OFF.		Sony had to know there was a problem with the first PS3, because they came out with the slim pretty quickly by industry standards...  My slim works prefectly, and the 'clock' issue did not affect my Slim.  BUY THE SLIM IF U BUY A PS3......THIS IS YOUR FIRST INSTINCT TALKING LOL
1,the bad	sync audio doesn't always work for story mode/campaign like if u watching a cutscene it plays but u won't hear anything	some missions leave u clueless to where u have to do u have to watch a walkthrough to figure out what u might have to do in order to progress to the next stage	the tomb raider rope mechanics are worst then the actual tomb raider games its difficult to do anything the character animation is slow it makes it much harder to play and the Sprint button doesn't even feel like they're running at all	online co-op is fun sometimes get annoying with cheap kills and lack of combat features and the story for this game feels like a updated Indiana jones game and the spawn mechanics will at times spawn u right in front of the enemies		the good	online co-op is fun there's alot to choose from even tho it takes a long time to search for other players sometimes u can even chat with other players if u have a headset
1,This is an awful NASCAR game. The developers should be ashamed of themselves for even releasing it. I would have taken another year to keep working on it because it needs ALOT of work. Terrible visuals, bad audio, lack of game modes, poor controls, dumb A.I. and more. There isn't really anything positive to say about the game. I do like the trophies and the fact that all the drivers and tracks are here but what good is it when the game itself is dreadful? I am a longtime NASCAR fan and gamer. It is very sad that this had to be such a letdown but someone has to stand up and say it. It should be called NASCAR Heat Devolution because it has devolved NASCAR games. Check out my full review on Youtube [...]. Thanks for watching and reading!
1,this game may have been 'ground breaking' in 2008.  in 2012, however, it's a complete and utter bore.  i'm not quite sure why so many people seem to love it.		as others have adequately stated, this isn't really a game.  it's a series movies occasionally interrupted by three minuntes of run-and-cover.  and geez, some of those cut scenes are obnoxiously long.  we're talking 15-20 minutes long.  sure, you can skip them, but 9 times out of 10, that only leads you to ANOTHER cut scene.  it seems the guys who made this 'game' want to be movie directors.  if that's the case, then go make movies.		also, there's a lot of juvenile humor - fart jokes and other scattalogical 'humor.'  and hey, let's futher pander to the teenage demographic buy selling copies of playboy at the in-game gun shop.  that makes sense.		the only good thing i can say about this game is that it graphically holds up pretty well.  for its age it looks a lot better than some games released in the last year.  but that's about it.		the entire experience smacks of self-indulgence:  look at our fancy cut scenes! look at our fancy ability to change camera angles during cut scenes!  we're so cinematic! look how awesome we are!  honestly, i don't care how awesome you think your cut scenes are if your game in boring to play.		in short, if you want a fun stealth game, pick up either of the batman games or deus ex: human revolution.  those are incredibly fun stealth games that, you know, have a point.  and by point i mean they let you actually play the game.
1,Could have been good, but they've added a playable character that hates gamers into the game that already doesn't even have online multiplayer. It would be fine if I was still a kid and my friends all had time to come hang out, but we're all adults now with lives to live and familys. So making a long drive is to play a retro game is not going to happen. I paid $20 last year for this game. I really wish I could get a refund.
1,Disc looked like it was run over by a truck!
1,Allow me to preface this by giving kudos to the programmer who put all his energy into designing a game that came solely from his heart.  That alone is worth an added star.		That being said...		If you believe in the supernatural, then this game is for you.		If you like your supernature to be eerie, then this game is for you.		If you enjoy adventure games in which you interact with no one, then this game is for you.		If you like taking lots of notes, as well as hand-drawing cryptic designs, then this game is for you.		If you like open-ended unanswered questions at the conclusion, then this game is for you.		This game was not for me.		Don't get me wrong, those who appreciate a creepy atmosphere and worthy (albeit grainy) graphics will be quite satisfied. ...if that's all they want.  But I wanted and expected more than that, and this game left me thoroughly frustrated to have spent all that time suspending disbelief only to be disappointed overall.		I'm sorry, but for me, the cons heavily outweighed the pros.  I wish they didn't.
1,I can't believe this game was released. Normally a game like Mickey Mouse I would think would be fun at ANY age! I love disney movies and such. This was painful. It looks like on the box, you use Mickey to walk around and gather coins. Instead you have a hand that you point everywhere. It takes getting used to and that's even questionable. Gets boring FAST. I can't imagine a child figuring this out. Neat story poor execution. I think if you could control Mickey without the pointy finger curser it'd be a lot better!	His little "hmmm" every 3 secs gets old and annoying. It's the only thing he really says other then an "okay!"  Glad I didn't pay much!
1,I can't understand the positive reviews on this game.  Were they playing the same game I was?  No more trusting positive reviews for me on games that get discounted a few months after release.  There's a reason for that.		Firstly, I have a pretty nice gaming rig, 2.8 quad core, 64 bit rig with 8 gigs of ram, and a 9800 GX2 Nvidia card.  I am running Left 4 Dead, Fallout 3, all the new games, etc... with maxed out graphics and great frame rates.  I get over 200 fps playing LOTR online with maxed out graphics in some areas and around 100 fps average most everywhere else. The frame rate for Clear Sky was terrible running with the eye candy on.  Had to go to medium graphics and it was still a poor frame rate.		Voice acting is so bad, it's almost funny.  The characters all look the same.  The NPCs you can talk to just constantly move their mouths when talking, like you are watching a Japanese movie badly dubbed in English  The lips movement does not match the voice.		AI is terrible.  The NPCs just go where they want without regard for you.  This means you are constantly pushed off ramps from behind, ending up stuck in the swamp, shoved out of your hiding spot, or falling off such and such because your NPC team mates walk right through you, pushing you out of their way like you're not even there.  Speaking of quality, this game would be like an old Godzilla movie compared to Lord Of The Rings if we were talking cinema.		All in all even though I picked this up at a bargain, I might has well have flushed my money down the toilet.  Stick with games from well known developers like Valve or Bethesda.  At least you know you will get a quality product instead of something clearly second rate.
1,As someone who has been playing video games for my entire life, and having used various controllers, and also spending a large amount of time playing the Xbox one and getting a good feel for thumbsticks, I have to say that these are the lowest quality terrible thumbsticks I have ever experienced, the thumbsticks that come on the cheap afterglow controllers are 100x better than these. The rubber "melts" and leaves residue on your fingers when they get warm, even after extended multiple uses, it never seems to stop happening.. Would not recommend as replacements.
1,I was really excited for this game, especially after watching a few of the videos that I will post in the comment section (Amazon doesn't allow linking to other sites in their reviews). I went so far as to pre-order the game on Steam and now wish I could get a refund.		The ONLY good thing about this game is that the whole thing can be beaten in under 5 hours (less if not for the bugs). According to Steam, I played this game for 7 hours so far and have had 4 crashes, as well as encountering literally countless bugs, the best of which was doors NOT OPENING, or getting STUCK in the environment - forcing me to reload multiple times... Yeah. No idea how this made it past quality assurance... Way to go Gearbox, way to go.		But honestly, the bugs aren't even the worst part. What makes this game so terribly boring is that it feels like an on rails light gun game, with terrible and uninteresting level design (there are some exceptions to this). Why an Aliens game has such limiting environments is beyond my understanding. Invisible walls and missing textures also serve to bring down the little immersion that some of the better designed areas bring to the table.		The enemy AI is absolute garbage and allows you to easily blast one Xeno after another as they calmly walk in front of your shotgun (or get glitched in the environment and just stand there). Getting hit in ACM by an alien is virtually impossible.	Eventually you also get to fight some humans, but nothing changes. You can still Rambo your way through everything using your trusty shotgun with what feels like unlimited ammunition and pinpoint precision.	Next up is the AI of your squad mates, and wow... It is not uncommon to see someone glitched in the environment or running around in circles during a firefight. You simply can't make stuff like this up!	All in all this game has the absolutely worst AI I have seen in recent releases, which is even more disappointing seeing as how Gearbox promised us "incredibly advanced AI".		Gameplay doesn't fare any better. At one point you are forced into a stealth level and a few Work Loader sequences. That's it. And they are all as bad as the rest of the game. There is NOTHING new or even marginally exciting in Aliens: Colonial Marines. In fact, it makes the disaster that was Duke Nukem Forever seem like a masterpiece. I also don't understand what happened to ACM's graphics and animations. A few of the older demo videos of "actual gameplay" that Gearbox was showing off look much better than the retail game does on my (almost) top of the line gaming machine. Even on the highest settings this game looks like Doom 3, which looked good when it came out years ago - but has not aged too well in the graphic department. For some reason ACM also animates much worse than D3 - the animations seem stiff and forced.		Even if I could forgive all of the above, the story is terrible (even more so considering that this is supposed to be the sequel to the films), complete with COUNTLESS plot holes, and "WTH" moments. Without giving anything away, dead characters are brought back to life with no explanation, and areas that have been nuked are now back in perfectly serviceable conditions (once again with no explanation).		I suggest that you stay away unless you can get the game for around $10, since in its current state that is all ACM is honestly worth.	I am currently working with Steam to try and get my money back due to all the false advertising Gearbox did before the game released (links in the comments section). Hopefully they will honor my request like they did with The War Z.
1,[...]		It's funny how  you can get to division 1st in UT and then something happens and you descend all the way to 3rd division (some go down as far as 5th) have you ever wonder why? just google "handicap in fifa 14" Once you are aware of this it becomes so easy to detect when "things" are not going in your favor. How many times have you lost a game when you had 10+ shots and your opponent has 3?		Not to mention that EA has no clue about what a foul is in Soccer, people pushing you, taking you to the ground and the referee does nothing.
1,First of all, if you're buying this game because you think there's nudity in it, DON'T! Because there is NO NUDITY! As for the game mechanics, they are absolutely atrocious. The storyline is sleep-inducing. The controls are almost impossible to get used to. The characters are as uninteresting as they could possibly be. PLEASE don't waste your money on this game!
1,What a great mouse.	It has a setup software to customize color and map your buttons the way you like it.	Solid reading from the laser too.	It meets all my expectations.		1 year later: It's a good mouse but it suffer from the Double click issue. Something I though would never happen to me because I don't play games as much as I used too.	If you plan on purchasing this mouse I hope you're aware of said issue regardless of purchase.
1,I picked up this game on Lightning Deals for like $12, so it wasn't really a waste of much money - but in retrospect I'd rather have had a couple of Big Macs.		Forza Horizon is basically a FINO (Forza-In-Name-Only) game.  So let me tell you frankly what this game is:  It's a game where you play a Fast-N-Furious type young guy, go join cliquey "clandestine" race clubs and drive around the map attending public race events where the main objective is to pull girls by doing powerslides and burnouts.  Well.....ok maybe not just girls.....but the crowd in general, then.  There's even a busty-looking young babe who serves as your welcome party.  I imagine you end up hooking up with her - but I don't know as we didn't finish the game, or even get halfway through.		Boring and immature.
1,A bit more slow paced than the pure shoot-em up ala Crysis. You'll be spending time on the celphone when playing FC2.		The mere act of a slight Jog brings on your Malaria, so you won't be doing much running... at least in the early stages of the game.		I'm hoping as I get further into the game it will be a bit more enjoyable.	Considering how much I was looking forward to FC2, I'm a bit disappointed with it so far.		Graphics seem quite good and run very well on an 8800 class Nvidia GPU.	Overall graphics quality not up to Crysis in my opinion.	I must say though that the graphics performance is MUCH better than the same GPU running Crysis is.		As expected my Windows Registry has licensing DRM keys that cannot be viewed or deleted. (without special tools that is)		Even with this "new improved" DRM, you still have to have the DVD in the drive to launch the game. (at least in single player mode)		I had to install the game 3 times to get it to run in full-screen mode.... still not sure why this was a problem, but 3rd install did the trick. I did take care to properly un-install and "revoke" the license each time.		You definitely need an internet connection for the initial activation..and in my case the subsequent 2 additional.
1,When will and why won't namco Bandai games America Inc create a good power ranger game instead of giving us another piece of power poop ? I hate following a button pressing code instead of playing the Megazord just like you would the rangers , I hate the pre school level playability mission to mention , I hate having to stop fighting on one side inorder to attack the other enemies on the other side of the screen , I hate that they can't make a rated t for teen power ranger game and I hate that none of the power rangers have their own unique fighting style instead of the same freaking one as always almost as much as I hate cockroaches . When are those idiots gonna give us the power ranger video game that the fans truly deserve instead of giving us more c#@p . I don't know about you , but I've had enough.
1,very repetitive game, nothing amazing about it. just hack and slash through corridors of enemies over and over again. not worth 65 bucks
1,I tried downloading this a couple of times but it never worked properly. Plus, it required too much talking and moving around the environments to get anywhere. Too much work for me.
1,It is a poor game, and contains nudity, Monsters also are naked woman body , this is contrary to our religion
1,Worst game I've ever played on PS4. This is just ridiculous. What a huge disappointment. Graphics are decent enough but the gameplay is atrocious. The cars just slip and slide all over the track.
1,the playability is HORRIBLE!!!!!! I played it on "Novice" level and got my butt kicked!!! I then played a showdown round against my dog and he beat me 12 to 1!!!!!!!! I can NOT believe that the game industry would allow such a stupid, unplayable piece of crap like this into the consumer sales.  That is just making us taxpayers waste our already wasted money on this garbage. The graphics are nice though.  I really do wish they would make it for xbox 360 though, the 360 is soooooooo much more powerful than the basic xbox...
1,Returned it as soon as I bought it. Worse Halo ever and even worse console.
1,This controller seems like it could be good, the gyro is a bit wonky but nice. My problem is I was shipped a defective product, the right pad does not function properly. When I go into the steam controller test menu and hold my thumbs to the pads the following happens: The left pad has a green circle that appears and if I hold my thumb still, it does not move as it should and that's great! However the right pad when I hold my thumb still on it the green dot flickers and shakes, it does this across the whole pad.		The feedback is also broken between the pads, the right and left feel so weird.		Overall this controller would be nice if it functioned properly save for a few features: one you cannot map more than one set of of mode shifting to one set of buttons. For example if you want to play an mmo and you use one of the pads for skills, you will only get a set limited amount of functions (four buttons), then mode shift for four more buttons when you could mode shift more but this is not a thing.		Also the worst feature of all time, you cannot press and give an action on the pads of the controller while also pressing the control stick. For example you want to run your character forward while casting a spell, you press forward on the control stick, then press one of the directions on one of the pads to use a skill, this does not work! Instead you have to stop pressing the control stick, then press the pads, then start pressing the control stick again. This is discussing.		I've sent in to Amazon for a replacement, hopefully it gets here soon and I can enjoy a non-broken controller.
1,I DID NOT LIKE IT
1,Game arrival broke.  It look like it was ship that way.  Two games were ship in the same container one was find the other broke.  I will return	to saler.  Request money back are a new game.
1,only get this game if it's free my friend and i both have gamecubes and we couldn't wait for this game. my friend bought it the day it came out (full price it's not worth it) it's is utter crap everything is crap about this game id have a sexchange b4 id buy this game
1,gameplay is buggy and it freezes a lot I wish I had just gotten a next gen console and gotten this for it
1,I must say, the lads at Activision are simply brilliant. Figuring out a way to make schmucks pay $60 for a game that came out 4 years ago. Not only that, they are able to repeat year in, year out. It's the same game so expect the same noob tubing, cheap knife kills from 20 feet across the room, lack of vehicles, crap graphics and everything else that accompanies every CoD game.
1,S.T.A.L.K.E.R:Clear Sky Could have been a great game. The reason I thought it was only a OK game was because it was very demanding on my system, it was full of bugs. The Game crashes alot. I lost all my saved games after patching the game. I am not going to remove it from my sysmtem yet. I hope CGS and THQ fix this game, then i'll give it another	try.
1,I love simcity.  I can easily sit for hours designing and building the city of my dreams.  Unless, of course, I am playing the newest version.  OK, so I'm a few hours in, got a good city (or two) going...switching back and forth, sending money or other necessities to whichever city needs it...sweet!  But all of the sudden I try to switch cities and can't.  Server is down or bad connection or whatever...nothing for however long it was down is saved.  There is no warning as you're playing (come on!...server down, connection lost, anything?).  It's just gone.  If you have to be online all the time to play, so be it, I can live with that.  But if I'm online all the time, how come when I quit I have to wait a good long time for my city to "sync" with the server?  Shouldn't it be synced at all times, since I'm online?  Also, it's the little things that bug you...why do fire, ambulance, police get stuck in traffic when there is a clear route around?  And they sit at stoplights...really?		What really gets my goat is that EA knew this was a borked game when they put it on the market.  They said "whoops, sorry, here's a different free game to download".  Then there was a bunch of double talk about not having enough servers and the game can't be made to work offline etc.  Right.  Hey EA, if you want to sell me add-ons and upgrades, great!  Done it before, happy to pay for the good stuff but don't force it down my throat!		Now I have to say, as a caveat, if you look at my stats I've played this game a lot.  Hours and hours.  But you'll also see where I've started city after city and quit and reloaded and restarted.  Mostly because after a bit of playing, the sound has quit, or clicking the menu bar brings up nothing or challenges state "You need ?? and ?? to get 'whatever' (?? being blank spaces or filled with gobbledygook)" or things simply get out of whack and I quit, only to find there is no contact with the server.		The game is very fun, while it's working.  Unfortunately, for a hardcore gamer like myself, it doesn't seem to "keep" working.  Unfortunately for me, I'll keep trying, keep reloading and restarting and hoping things get fixed.  As for the free game download, Thanks EA!  But fix the dang game I purchased!		Edited:  Another game.  Tried to switch cities, got the "Please try again" message. Tried to quit and save, "Please try again".		I think Amazon should drop this from sales again..maybe permanently.  I'm sooooo frustrated with building cities and then upon switching or logging off getting "Unable to connect to SimCity servers, please try again".  Every game has its issues but from the start this has been a fiasco.
1,Combat is way too difficult.  Besides not being able to see the action half the time, there is a delay in just about every move so you end up mashing the buttons thinking your input was not recognized.  Many things are not explained like what to do with bracelets as there seems no way to change clothes.  The description says there is power in the trinkets but how do you use them?  The only good thing about this game is that  it has pretty scenery.  The programmers for this need to take more than a few pointers from the people who did Diablo.  I could go on and on about the bad things but suffice to say one star for the beauty in the scenery.
1,Mario is known all over the world by his famous super jump which smashes enemies into the ground. Unfortunelty, this game has no super jumps. You have to throw vegetables to kill your enemies. This is the worst idea for a Mario game. The good thing is that you get to choose from four diffrent characters, Mario, Luigi, Peach, and Toad, and it includes the amazing Link It Up, which allows four players to play from the same gamepack (Note: you will need the link cable).	I just don't like it because they killed the Mario classics. Buy it if you enjoy wasting your money! (in other words, don't buy it)
1,I'm sure the game is great. It looks really fun; but after I downloaded it, the game wouldn't launch.
1,This game is pretty similar to Diablo 2, Torchlight, and other Diablo lookalikes.  Graphics looks outdated.  Overall I am not impressed given that D3 had 12 years for development.		During installation I was always stuck when the installer update files.  It was frustrating and took 20 minutes to resolve.
1,It's bad
1,Let me say this up front, this device will NOT work anywhere near as well as you hope. Trust me on this. Used as part of the overall XIM input system it is neccessary component (Google "XIM 360" to see what I'm talking about) but don't purchase this hoping you'll get satisfactory performance out of it by itself. The manufacturers of this device should be brought up on charges of false advertising and fraud IMO. To get the whole XIM set up working expect to pay a little over [...] . You'll need a 3rd party wired 360 controller, the pre-built XIM component which can be purchased via ebay (sometimes you can get the whole set up if you're lucky) or you can go the DIY route and build it yourself. If you have a PS3 you don't have to purchase this at all. You just buy the XIM device and a PS2-to-PS3 adapter (the one made by Yabo is best because not all of them are compatible) and you're good to go.		I will say that once you have the whole thing up and running it works great (but no thanks to the thieves who built the XFPS). Just know what you're getting into before you decide to bite.
1,Unacceptable. No return policy either. The game did not work, the battery was defective and this seller should reconsider their advertising before shelfing products being sold. View the images attached and you will see what kind of unacceptable service this seller provides.
1,They made this game hard to play...You will get killed ALOT !!
1,This game is a non stop 6 hour button masher with a bunch of quick time events and terrible motion controls.  sound fun?  it isn't.
1,I hate this game.... I was hoping to play download play with my wife. But download play requires you to have 3 players. Multiplayer took way too long to get more people. And single player Is super boring. Worst Zelda game ever
1,These xbox's range from 50 bucks and up and they don't even work. There is no point to buy one if it doesn't work. I recommend just buying the newest model for a little over one hundred just to make sure it works.
1,I mainly use my XBOX 360 for exercise and on 3 different games (EA Sports Active 2, UFC Ultimate Trainer and Nike+ Kinect) it didn't work properly.  I tried every trick outlined in hundreds of reviews to no avail.  It either cuts off the bottom of my body or it leaves me stuck in a crouching or squat position.  Maybe it works on conventional games but it's garbage for me.  I wish I could have my $10 back.
1,This game could have been a lot better. It doesn't help that the developers take firearm advice from 12 year olds. Sniper rifles magically do more damage them DMRs with the same cartridge and barrel length. Its brain numbingly stupid. The .50 cal sniper rifles kill in one hit, but the coaxal .50s on tanks take 4-8 hits, yay 12 year old logic! Oh and 25mm cannons are even weaker. There are so many things wrong when it comes to gun realism. Coupled with the crashy performance, I hope next time they do better next time. Please Battlefield,  talk to someone who actually knows something about ballistics and the ballistic performance of different cartridges. The model of the gun is not what provides stopping power, it's the cartridge. Also, stop de-realising the M240, it doesn't shoot 650 rpm. It's more like 800 or 900. I know the kids you took advice from don't know that, but you should.		Just an update. Vehicles have become near invincible. It takes 3 bricks of c4 now to kill 1 mav or tank. Complete bs. Dmrs have been dumbed down alot.
1,Maybe it's a good game. But I never got it. It was never delivered and they have failed to work with me on a solution
1,I did not like this game. The graphics were very good but I really didn't like the game itself. I found it very hard to handle the controller with the games I was playing. I just felt silly working the controller during the game play.		It was just...odd.		I tried it twice and then sold it.
1,LAME
1,I really loved BF3 and was hope for a even better BF4... But so much went bad. And I don't understand why.	First graphics: Some how they got worse. Yes I installed the game and the texture pack. But still looks poor.	Online: Gameplay is still solid. But no way to get into a game with friends. Its a team based game. You might be able to join a friends game... Most likely on the other team though.	Searching through server is broken. You can filter full rooms, empty rooms. But it doesn't work.	Single player is short. And thats ok. I bought it for the online.	Wanted to like it. But it needs fixing.
1,I am 30yo and love all things nintendo, mario games, zelda etc.  This is hands down the boringest mario game I have ever played.  Maybe it is geared for small children I don't know.  Gave it a couple hours and the overly simplistic RPG system is mind numbing.  Pretty much just wander from room to room getting into simple menu based fights, no challange what so ever.		Never thought I would dislike a Mario game.
1,Maybe its because its an old game now but I found it rather boring.  The AI is dumb and visually the game doesn't look that great.
1,I BOUGHT THIS FOR WINDOES 7 OR 8 AND IT DONT WORK I JUST CANT GET MY MONEY BACK AND WHEN I COME BACK THEY PUT IT FOR 5 DOLLARS THANKS AMAZON FOR RUING PEPOLES GAMING LIFES
1,I never receive it so I don't know how it is, but I heard is great.
1,This game has the potential to be great. However, at this time, I cannot possibly give this game anything but 1 star. This game feels, plays and acts like BETA software. The physics are way too wacky, most of the cars are barely controllable, weird bugs like governement helicopters flying around blowing up your enemies before you can complete the missions, and a STUTTERIJNG problem that will drive you mad after about 30 minutes of game play. The stuttering problem is a problem many others are having...check some gaming forums and oyu will see what I mean. It halts the game and the sound stutters for about 3 seconds. Try dealing with that when you are in the middle of a chase.		I and many others are not having hardware issues. I am running an AMD FX cpu, 2GB Corsair Ram, twin 512MB NVIDIA 7900 GT cards running in SLI mode and twin 15000rpm hard drives, one for games and one for the OS. I eat every game for breakfast and beg for more at high resolutions on a 26 inch LCD HD screen and never have a hiccup.		This game is BAD CODE...period. If you think you will buy this game as of this date and have a great "out of box exeperience", you are mistaken!!!		Wait until Eidos clears up the mess they made...then buy this game an play it. I have uninstalled it, even though I have 8 hours of game play already. I don't want to waste a great experience while this game is so buggy. When patches come out, I will try again.
1,Only 1 pack worked. There were a lot of games and I was disappointed that only 1 out of five packs I could play. I would not recommend to anyone.
1,Sticky controller not very accurate
1,This game completely fails to measure up to the rest of the NOLF series.  For one thing, this game is way too linear (even the original Castle Wolfenstein gave players more choice).  Throughout every level you are herded in one direction.  There is absolutely no possibility of strategically using alternate approaches.  For example, you'll be following a hallway filled with barrels and other junk.  As soon as you reach a specific point, a certain number of enemies will suddenly rush around the corner knowing exactly where you are, then it is just a matter of engaging in a shoot out.		Like NOLF 2, there is a button for sneaking, but it is absolutely useless.  Since baddies know exactly where you are once you reach the magic point in the hallway/street/etc., any attempt at sneaking doesn't matter.  Since you can't sneak up on baddies or eavesdrop, there are very few conversations to listen in on (all but one take place over announcement systems).  As a result, much of the humour (except for a few in-jokes) which made the previous games so much fun are missing.		The only plusses are that the graphics are stunning and the AI is quite good.  But considering how short and repetitious it all is (basically holding down the firing key as you run down halls, shooting at loads of interchangeable badies), I cannot give it a good rating.  Those more into shoot-em-up games with no stealth or strategy might enjoy it a bit more, but I doubt very much more.
1,So first off, the combat is terrible. Clunky, frustrating, and unenjoyable. And since the game rewards you with piddling amounts of xp for even very challenging fights, youll be doing a lot of tedious combat. The story seemed interesting, and I liked the scenery a lot, but that doesnt make up for the shoddy combat. Also, typical sexist nonsense. All the leaders are men; all the named women are in support roles: and the devs couldn't even be bothered to use different models. All the named women in Goliet look exactly alike; the men do not.
1,Lucky I read reviews and went and played it before I opened it. This game is universally hated for a reason.
1,About halfway through the first chapter (there are probably a dozen missions in each chapter), I was actually bored.  It was just the same old thing, over and over again.  Only, the enemies became much more numerous and got a whole lot harder to kill.  Here's the game in a nutshell: Go here, tear some random building down, and shoot that guy; now go there, tear another random building down, oh, and shoot all those guys.  Playing this game felt like being on a never ending loop of the same old same old.
1,I was a huge fan of the old Budokai series. When Budokai 3 came out I was stoked. I was blown away and Ithought that the perfect Dragonball Z game was finally created. I was disappointed when Budokai Tenkaichi came out because it was just awful. When they finally made a good game they stepped back. When Burst Limit came out it appeared like it would be a next gen Budokai. It kinda is. A little background--when I was growing up there was a shopw called X play which reviewed video games. The Budokai series was always ranked low until Budokai 3 had come out. I figured with all of the high reviews and praise Atari would stick with the format. NO! NO! NO!		Budokai Tenkaichi and Raging Blast were awful, and this game is almost as bad. The gameplay is very much like Budokai but instad they wanted to make the game more cinematic. So you can now pick these little cutscene options which boost your power, but what sucks about it is that the cutscenes are distracting. Imagine you're getting stomped, but now you have a boost. You transform and you're laying the smack down. Right as you land a sweet combo and you go to follow up, suddenly a cutscene is triggered and you reset. I was playing this at tsome friends house and we all were laughing at how bad it was. To think this game is worth 100 bucks now. Who would pay 100 for this?! I bought it out of a bargain bin for 10 bucks and I still felt ripped off.		If they would remove the cutscenes, go back to Budokai 3's capsule system, and add the old mechanics this would be a good game. However, it's not. Avoid it. They recently released Budokai 3 for the 360, so get that instead. Also, if whoever is in charge of Atari is reading this--please remake Budokai 3. Infinite world was a good start. Expand on that and you have a solid DBZ game.
1,Worst camera you can imagine, it works well with PS Move, but as a camera per se... its awful. Get it only for Move games were its not recording images.
1,Searching for glass eyeballs was not the highest point in the game.  The games were just challenging enough that they frustrate you, but easy enough that you don't spend a super long time on them (nancy drew fans: think of the spinning rooms in Blackmoor Manor.  eek!).  The start was enough to send my little sister running off, screaming.  It is a creepier one, but not too too creepy.  The storyline is sort of slow, and the culprit was SOOOO predictable.  I won't ruin it for you who want to buy it, but still...this game was very frustrating and very fun.  I wouldn't recommend this one, as it is a tad bit more annoying than it is satisfying.
1,I had never tried a 3rd person shooter before and it took me a while to get used to the differences in player control and perspective but otherwise OK strictly as a shooter.  It was pretty linear with not much in the way of optional movement.  But the visuals were good and the behavior of the adversaries was OK.  I don't play online - usually just campaign mode so I can't comment on multiplayer.  And so from that perspective it was worth the $10.19 I paid.	I would have given it 3 stars and said it was a good value overall - kept me somewhat entertained - if you can call trying to kill imaginary things any form of entertainment - which I must or I wouldn't have bought it.  The problem I have with this game is the premise that any modern army from a civilized nation would behave in the manner claimed in this game.  I don't think it's possible for any large group of American soldiers to ever behave, orders from on high or not, in the manner that is the basic premise of this game.  The idea that an American Army would execute civilians on a mass scale such as this is preposterous to me.  I had read other reviews that made this game appear to be an anti-war statement - if so it fails miserably because ultimately it is really about nihilism - that no matter what choices you make everything is doomed.  Reminds me of some of the European fiction and movies that came out in the 20 or so years following WWII in which in war there was never any victor - everyone loses.  And while that is somewhat true - that everyone loses something in a war - not all wars are unjust - as in the case of WWII where fascist governments which put themselves above the people and had to be overthrown.  This lesson is something I think people tend to forget - that what we take for granted today, personal freedom, was won by taking life - for the most part the lives of innocents and the duped who wanted to believe politicians, who care generally only for themselves - but in some small numbers the perpetrators of atrocities against humanity like Hitler's Nazi Party, and the feudal military culture of pre WWII Japan.  We have a long way to go to grow out of that.  But blaming the citizen soldiers we employ to protect ourselves by portraying them as capable of these kinds of atrocities, as this game does, in such a realistic contemporary way is almost inexcusable.  And for that reason - 2 stars instead of 3.  If this were set in an alternate reality of some kind and didn't use specifically American uniforms and hardware I'd feel differently and just let it slide.
1,I picked up a Razer BlackWidow Ultimate at BestBuy recently and was sorely disappointed in the keyboard for several reasons:		1) The keyboard has an absurdly thick cord that, while theoretically will prevent twisting is in reality just gets in the way	2) The end of the cord featues TWO USB cables as well as the microphone and headphone cables. While the feature to be able to plug mic/headphones into the keyboard itself seems awesome, in reality it means those cables will just get in the way of your keyboard! Additionally, the dual USB port requirement means you need two free ports. One is just for power and the other is for data. This also means that you can't plug the keyboard into a hub unless it's a powered hub.	3) The ability to do on-the-fly Macro programming requires you install their proprietary software. The proprietary software is not included with the box and must be downloaded. The proprietary software also requires signing up an account.	4) Whether you want to or not, all your device settings and configurations will be stored on Razer's servers.		So all in all this is a terrible solution. The mechanical keys themselves are awesome but there's many others out there to choose from (fortunately!)		What I find especially galling is the requirement that I sign-up an account to download their software, which in turn requires I login to their account and be actively on-line in order to program macros "on-the-fly", or in fact at all! This is a requirement dangerously close to requiring a customer install a keylogger and I for one will not parcipate in such shenigans.
1,unenjoyable game.
1,I bought this hoping to play PS2 games with my PS2 controller. This does not, I repeat DOES NOT work with PS2 games. I'm playing on a backwards compatible PS3 if anyone is wondering.
1,Great
1,I've tried to play this game since release day (Oct. 11), but it just won't stop freezing up. Halfway through matches, if you can start a match, during pin fall, or during simple menu options.		Being that it has a 11 GB update, and these things aren't addressed is unacceptable. I can understand a weird glitch here and there, but not just freezing up and not being able to enjoy the game. The commentary is also lacking. JBL sounds like he recorded his lines in a trash can. Half the time I was wrestling (and winning), they would talk about how the other opponent was getting the better of me.		Graphics are great. It's also nice to see a big roster this time around. The my career portion could be good, not sure though, as I had to restart the game about four times, and gave up. They did try to add a promo portion (you get a chance to cut a promo to get face cheers or heel boos). But, your character doesn't have a voice over actor, so you just watch the wrestler open and close their mouth and flail their arms around. You have a chance to go head to head with Enzo. Would have been great, but he doesn't speak. No dialog from him. You just read his response. Most of the dialog didn't even feel like an Enzo promo. The soundtrack is terrible imho. Rap songs with the curse words censored. Why even put those songs in?		This game could have been good, but with some many bugs, I just can't wait around until they release another update. Especially if it's 11 GB or more. Just not worth it, to me anyway. Whether you're a hardcore WWE fan or just a casual gaming fan, I'd skip this one for a while, and get it once the bugs, glitches and freezing is fixed.		Sending my copy back.
1,Advertised as like new..... Well that's true if appearances were everything.  No audio from left ear drivers, mic had broken up audio, and volume overall was barely above a whisper.  These discrepancies were verified by Astro tech support, who recommended to return them.
1,Boring. Just boring. It was good back in the day, but now it is dated.
1,This could have been a really great and fun game.  But that darn Butterfly truly ruins the experience.  This game is the greatest offender of what I call the "why say something in 5 words when I can say it 50" problem.  It is way too wordy and the writing is childish.  The Butterfly will ask if you want to do something, and if you say no, he chastises you and makes you do it anyway.  Each bit of this game is exactly the same.  Do everything in one town, then move to the next and do it all again....rinse and repeat ad nauseum.  At the beginning of each bit you have to sit through so much annoying chatter.  It will literally take you five minutes to just hammer the button and ignore all this chatter...you really can because it adds nothing to game.  But hammering the button still takes 5 minutes.  That is insane.  And it is constant.  So often it feels like I am not in control.  Like the darn Butterfly is making all the decisions and playing the game for me.  There are many points where your character steps back and the Butterfly has long and stupid conversations with NPCs.	Like I said, this game could have been amazing.  The game play itself is pretty fun and the crafting mechanics are fantastic.  But it feels like the game makers actually tried to annoy the player.  And they succeeded.  There are way too many great games on the 3DS to waste time and money on this one.
1,After playing VF4 on my PS2, I had to make this one of the first games I got for my PS3. Unfortunately, they only upgraded the graphics, not the gameplay.		It is basically more of the same old thing, if not less. Most of the moves are the same as the last one, with little new ones. There are some new characters but they are basically combinations of others.		There is no incentive to "solve" the game. You can play through the arcade version and if you're good enough, maybe you can beat that silver chick but that's about it. The "quest" mode is basically just a rehash of the older game. Move up in rank, fight tougher foes, get a new item of clothing or sunglasses and that's about it.		If you are just playing the games's AI, it will get boring quick. It might be fun to invite your friends over and beat the living snot out of them, but even that will get old after awhile.		I really expected a lot more than what this game offered but as I mentioned, it was made so that it could be one of the first games available for the new gen of consoles. If they make a VF6, hopefully they'll add more to the game than just graphics.
1,works better on xp than win 7 got a lot of glitches on newer systems
1,Bought it, and turned it on once. Now it's just sits and collects dust. I wish I would play it more but there are not very many appealing games on the system. Halo MC collection kill it for me.
1,BLIZZARD HAS FORGOTTEN FANS IN THEIR STRIDE FOR PROFITS	  I'm sorry, (well I'm really not) Starcraft 2 is a great game, but blizzard just doesn't want to listen to their fan base any more. Here are their shortfalls	  1. NO LAN. Really? Are you kidding? Does blizzard not sit down and play their own games anymore? Lan is what made the original starcraft HUGE. It's ridiculous to think that I can be in the same room with 8 other people and not have a functional game because all of our data has to be sent accross the country and back. We're in the same room, why can't we just be able to really play in the same room. 8 people playing starcraft can really eat into your bandwith. If you don't have the top of the line internet, you may be out of luck for your 4v4 games. That's not even considering if you have other people beyond those 8 on the network. Recently at a professional tournament (march of 2011), One of the people lost connection to the game. I watched this game it was pretty intense and very close to the end. They had to reschedule a rematch! Imagine that. If blizzard had just listened to their customers this wouldn't be a problem. So you might ask, "it's just a game why not just reconnect and play another round?". I agree because I'm a casual gamer, so if I lose connection I'll be mad, but life will go on. However for this tournament there was a couple hundred grand ($xxx,xxx) on the line. I can only imagine how much the participants wanted to throttle someone over at blizzard. Blizzard listen up. I know you're not deaf. Steam has a play offline mode. Sure blizzard isn't steam, but last I checked playing offline isn't copyrighted. GIVE ME LAN!!!!	  2. HAVE TO CONSTANTLY BE CONNECTED TO THE INTERNET TO PLAY. I don't know their exact reason to do this to all of us. I don't have a cause or reason to blame, but if I were to point a finger at anyone, it would be Activision. Blizzard is huge enough and has enough of a fan base without a 2nd publisher interfering. Joining them simply doesn't make sense. Perhaps if it does maybe that's why they may be out for money instead of listen to their customers. (cough) no lan. Microsoft has the same problem as blizzard when is comes to pirating,but last I checked, despite Microsoft is demanding more money than they did for previous operating systems. They don't play babysitter and ask you to be connected to the internet at all times. I find that it's extremely disappointing that blizzard can't trust customers to be honest. Activation sure, no problem. I believe it helps us all be more honest, but why can't I play a single player game without the internet? I'm a big PC gamer and this whole movement to have to be connected online constantly when playing my games is ridiculous. It makes consoles appealing.	  All in all. other than these two major breaker-issues. I'd say you get a pretty good game.	  I honestly think we all have pirate bay and other pirate websites to blame for the issues we're facing. Honestly ask yourself if pirating wasn't an issue, would blizzard have any need to have every player log in and authenticate their copy EVERY TIME THE GET ON? EVERY TIME? lets not kid ourselves: When the community gets stolen from it hurts the community and those who steal -Even in the long run. People had been pirating games long before constant interent connections had to be made, but now they're fighting back and honest consumers are paying for it. Thanks guys. Hopefully this doesn't ruin games to come in the future.
1,Diablo III is a disappointment... there's just no way around it.  The game just feels hollow.  The story line is great, but has no effect on the gameplay.  The action is fast-paced, but repetitive.  One of the best aspects of Diablo II was the set of permanent choices faced each time a character levels-up.  This is totally absent in DIII, sucking the life out of the character.  In addition, it seemed much smaller than DII, which seemed to have an endless horizon of game-play.  The game is OK but lacks fun.  I couldn't wait to start playing this game with a couple of friends.  We stopped playing together after Act II.  I finished the game on my own, but when it was over, I shrugged my shoulders and walked away.
1,My Everdrive 64 came with no games on it whatsoever, and no SD Card. I had to go purchase an SD card and download the Roms myself- all of which I had to figure out myself because none of the instructions both online or offline were helpful.		Since I got all my desired games onto the device, it has worked like a charm.
1,Started off good in the beginning story amazing but the gameplay is dull like I said once you get pass the introduction and first few. Missions this game. Turn into literally go here kill this guy all the way through the game and the worst part is	  It's most of the time the same exact guy you killed before so it's extremely repetitive. Now as a fan of mafia 2 I say mafia 3 stepped it up with the story but stepped it down with the gameplay.
1,These were great for little over a year till the plastic on both sides of the strap started to crack. The part where you extend the headphones has wires running through it both sides snapped on me just from general use. I don't have an extra large head or anything so they were not being overly stretched. I tried to tape them but it won't push the headset towards my ears anymore making them extremely loose and useless.
1,Got this for my kids ages 12 and 15. The 15 year old said that it was boring. The game we got had extra games you could download. My 15 year old said that they were better then the main game. After one day this has not been played.
1,It not fair for me because I don't have an Xbox and when my pc version plays it restarts my computer. Come on Atari make Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 for 5 systems. PC, XBOX, Gamecube, PS2, and I'll even settle for GBA if I'm that desperate. I only want this because my computer doesn't like me and never lets me play my games.
1,This game is OK.It has its good points but is loaded with flaws.	You are a Mercenary paid to destroy and kill. Choose between 3 people; Chris Jacobs, Jennifer Mui, and Mattias Nielson.	Pros:	Same controls as mercs 1	swimming	boats	tropical environment	new vehicles	CONS:	Can't kill civilians and you lose money when you hit or shoot them	boring story	boring mission structure	same weapons as mercs 1	driving mechanis have decreased	targeting hasn't improved	flying is hard	can't destroy everything like in mercs 1		All in all this game gets 5/10 cause it still is Mercenaries. Just so,so lazy.
1,I've owned these for about a month. Within the first week i noticed an unbearable squeak in the left ear cup. It was extremely horrendous and tons of my friends complained about how loud it was. The volume cannot get very high on my iPhone. You look really silly wearing them in public. The breakaway cable should not be 6 ft long. It literally crashes your controller once a week and will freak you out. Other than that, the sound is decent, the mic works Very well and i would have given it 2 stars but there are so many cons to this.  I think the price should be around 110. I now have the Polk 4 shot(same price) and ohhh myyy, get Them! Gamertag TomCatChi if you play Ghosts or TitanFall
1,Jane's Attack Squadron gets one star from me only because I can't figure out how to give it zero stars.  Putting the "Jane's" name on this turkey is like nailing a Porsche badge onto a half-built Excalibur kit car.	As far as I can tell, here is what happened.  About five years ago, Jane's was associated with Electronic Arts.  In one of the greatest marriages in flight simulation history, a company with possibly the planet's most talented game designers cooperated with the world's premier source of military equipment data, and produced what will go down in history as one of the greatest combat flight sims of all time, Jane's WWII Fighters.	At some point after the release of that peerless masterpiece, there was a falling out between the two partners.  Perhaps somebody from the "Jane's" side spilled coffee into an EA designer's keyboard, or maybe EA started to get jealous of the acclaim Jane's was earning using EA's talent.	Whatever happened, the geniuses took a hike, and now the Jane's name is being tacked onto products (I won't call them "software") that have evidently been designed by hacks, wannabees, moronic nuts and monkeys.  With all due respect for monkeys, the Jane's name alone isn't going to raise the prestige of this trash, and in fact junk like J.A.S. is eventually going to pull the Jane's name right down into the gutter.	My advice to Jane's, is if you want to be involved in the PC gaming business, buy some kneepads, suck up your pride, and crawl back to the people who designed WWII Fighters and beg them, bribe them, do whatever it takes, to get them back on board.  I know for a fact that programmers and designers can be bribed with stacked boxes of hot Captain Tony's pizza and cold liter bottles of Shasta spiked with Cutty Sark or flat Bartle's & James coolers, which ever happens to be available.  Lacking those, a fair and equitable compensation package reflecting the creative talent's true value to your company could be used as a backup plan.	In the meantime, for everyone who craves the feel of piston speed, the rush of wind past your canopy, and the sight of your orange tracers pouring into an FW-190, lighting it up in flame and sending it tumbling into the clouds below, buy, borrow, copy or steal the original Jane's WWII Fighters, load it into your super PC, crank all the sounds and details up to max, and prepare to be awed again and again.  The bigger the dogfights, the more WWII Fighters stops looking like a game and the more it starts looking like a masterful aviation painting in motion.	Having said that, why can't I buy it anywhere?  My original copy is now a cherished possession that I guard carefully, and if you can find it, it's definitely worth whatever you're willing to pay.	But don't buy JAS.  Instead, demand a Pacific version of WWII fighters, designed by the original people or at least people who know code from toejam - we've been waiting more than 5 years for Corsairs and Zeros, COMON JANES, GET IT TOGETHER!
1,The positive- Great AI, good damage, decent car selection, decent track selection, good multiplayer mode		The negative- Terrible/unnatural/wonky physics/car handling, career mode is WAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYY TOO LONG, very little reward for playing. bad/exaggerated crash physics (they bounce off each other like they're ping pong balls, not cars), NO COCKPITS (there are cockpit views, but the cockpit is completely blurred out because the cockpits have almost no detail whatsoever. This day in age that is just not acceptable, especially a game like this that takes racing so seriously) and poor graphics/framerate		The deal with this game is everything it's good at, other games are better. This game is set up like a Gran Turismo except it doesn't have the things that makes Gran Turismo great. The physics are awful. Damn near undriveable. Yea, you can get used to them with practice, but why should you have to? If this game was even remotely realistic, it wouldn't take any racing fan more than ten minutes to get completely comfortable with it. It's unforgiving but in the wrong ways. The car handling is unpredictable because the game plays to it's own set of rules. Just like rest of the Grid series, it's not realistic, it's not arcade style racing, but it's not good either. It fails to hit a good balance between simulation and arcade. If it did, I would recommend this game but given its piss poor handling, pathetic lack of a real cockpit view, and overly long, tedious and boring career mode that will stretch the patience of even the most hardcore racing fans, I just can't recommend it at all. Hell, if it was free on PS Plus, I'd say don't even bother with the download.		If you're looking for a serious racing game, there's no better choice you can make than Gran Turismo 6. It has boat loads of tracks, cars, and races and the absolute best and most intuitive handling model ever in a console racing game. Plus the graphics/framerate are double what most other racing games are on PS3, and it provides as much longevity as just about any game on PS3 PERIOD
1,First of all, let me say that this is an awful game. I'll say that straight out. The story is boring, the settings are repetitive, and the controls are absolutely god awful. The reason I gave it two stars is that the premise is OK: if the execution was good, the controls might work. But, alas, the execution is not good. Whenever you want to turn you have to aim the Wiimote off screen, it moves very slowly, and you'll find yourself doing this when you want to aim. Worse, the Wiimote is too precise, and thus, shaky, to aim well with their set up- your target shifts everywhere. Also, the whole game is very repetitive: kill bad guys, run around, find the secret entrance, etc. Even the Wii's uniqueness failed to make this game a shred of fun to play.
1,Horrible design.  I can never get the pins lined up properly so that the controller battery packs actually charge.
1,I'm probably one of very, very few people who liked Carmageddon 3 better than the second one. The controls are poor. More often than not, the enemies would fight me a bit, then run away somewhere, usually getting trapped in some tight corridor where I couldn't get enough speed to destroy them, or the godawful water. I must've spent a third of my time trying to work underwater. Sure, it gives you an underwater ability powerup, but it doesn't help very much.		I guess killing peds is fun, but it gets old pretty fast. So does ramming your car into your oppenents over and over only to have nothing happen. No damage. No credits. No time bonus. Nothing. Even once I had built up a lot of armor, power, and offensive, I still had a problem with it.		There's a lot of flipping over in this game. A lot. Way too much. I got stuck upside down or on my side even from just hitting a slight bump. The enemies got flipped over a lot too. Not very fun.		The game was alright at first, but it got old really fast.
1,It could've been better
1,I've purchased several of these Centrophorus as well as the Nemeanlion models of mouse from this manufacturer for my two sons to use.  Neither of these two models last long under mild to moderate gaming use.  The latest Centrophorus mouse I ordered literally only lasted a couple of hours before going dark and will not work in any PC I connect it to.  I know they don't cost that much, but when you go through one every two months or so, then these are no longer a good deal.  For myself (adult long-time PC gamer), I bought the Redragon Mammoth mouse and love it.  It's twice as much as the Centrophorus and Nemeanlion (and twice as big -- haha), but it's lasted a lot longer. After you get used to the size (it's pretty big), you won't want to use any other mouse.
1,It was all yellow I did not want that one
1,Could not setup with any driver...stay away not PnP and it matters not what type of PC or OS
1,Conceptually, Warhammer Online is a stellar game. With a PvP and casual driven experience in the forefront, this is a game that seeks to entertain. Unfortunately, the develops decided to recycle their 9 year old game engine that was previously used in Dark Age of Camelot. The engine lacks many things that make a game such as World of Warcraft addictive and enjoyable. Not only is it hard to tell what abilities you're using when you use them, but the game runs very poorly even on good computers. The worst part is that even though it runs poorly the graphics aren't appreciable. The audio is above average but music isn't utilized nearly enough. A very average MMORPG experience that I cannot recommend personally.
1,Screw the complaints about a crappy story line, I can't play my single player game because it can't connect to the EA (Nazi) servers? Bioware has sold out to Satan and has lost my business forever. Trying to curb piracy? No piracy has been stopped and you have lost current and future customers. How stupid do you have to be?
1,This game performs incredibly poorly, and is filled with game stopping bugs. It's overly complicated in it's unimportant side content, and overly simplified in it's main story content. This was a giant misstep in the series. In it's current condition I find it more disappointing than even AC III. The combat and movement is all slower, and you need even less skill than ever before to do any of the parkour. Not that there seem to be any missions that take advantage of the mobility of the character.		On the plus side, it's very pretty (if you ignore the framerate).
1,The graphics and everything in this game are great!!! BUT- the cutscenes ruin everything, it is so boring with them, and it takes several minutes to press the square button with the cutscene stopped.  i fell asleep during those boring cutscenes--- BOTTOM LINE___ the game would be great if the company made an option at the beggining of no cutscenes.  4 those of u who r fans of metal gear- i personnaly recommend not to buy this game!	p.s. everyone who wrote a good review about this game knows how boring the game gets because of the cutscenes
1,This very arcade-like game gets it's inspiration from Sega's own	classic Space Harrier and it's story line directly from the animated	1990's Giant Robo series. A strange doctor discovers a new power	source that radically advances society but mysteriously disappears	thereafter.	This review was re-written after many hours of gameplay	and will highlight some of the frustration experienced five or	six levels into the game.  Out of the box it's a good looking Robotech	shooter, however, just start playing it awhile and you will see how	this game can riddle you with anger.  If you thought playing Gotham	Racing  almost broke your controller you will bash it to splinters	with this one.	Gameplay is teasing and very demanding. This is a jumping game	first and shootem up second. More times than not you will find	yourself just BARELY missing a critical jump to a ledge only to start	again from the very very bottom of the board.  For that unfun	characteristic, two stars get taken off an otherwise 4 star rating.	Throughout the terrain you will find obvious surfaces you should be	able to land on but can't. It's like a literal glass ceiling where	waterfalls and vehicles are to look at  but can't walk under or land	on.	Not being able to save inside a 30 minute long mission means	you will have to repeat your failures over and over again.  I'm	surprised when they were doing the QA they failed to notice	testers smashing the controllers and throwing their arms up in	frustration because all of your progress can be lost with the	slightest twitch.	The control over your movements can be compared to a pinball	bouncing  off rubber bumpers, your uncoordinated movements	are like mere flippers keeping the ball on a wild course.	The spastic nature of the jet pack will have you screaming at the	TV.  I compare the sensation to trying to land a hot air balloon on a	moving car.	They made this game way too hard and the level designers were way	out of touch with what the character is capable of physically doing.
1,This was a pretty big let down for me.		Nothing they said during their interviews was true, game play is VERY linear.		You will be playing the same strike missions over and over with slightly higher level enemies and Crucible is just a unbalanced mess were level does matter.	 They stated in the interview that level advantages won't exist in crucible so that a level 15 player can compete with a level 25 but that was a total lie. I am currently at level 22 and when i face anyone below 20 they are just no match and this is because the weapons you pick up at over 20 have much better specs. Ya they lowered the damage points but what about all the other aspects of the gun? Nope still the same. Also you are not guaranteed a match item for coming first in a match, I actually discovered that if you sit down during a match and just let other players beat the snot out of you, you have the same chance at getting a match item as the person who came in first. So why try?		The environments are pretty small and the edge is not clearly defined which has led to many deaths during gameplay. Exploring is boring since it usually doesn't pay off.		Like i mention before I am currently at level 22 which is greater than the level cap at 20 which means my level is based on the items I mount. So far only items classified as rare and above will give you "light" which is needed to level up and now playing regular missions has become pointless since those missions basically only yield uncommon and below items.		This game was such a let down that I decided to pick up Battlefield 4 and just play this when ever i want to play Halo (which was 100x's better).		I will say this though, it is still early in this games life and events are scheduled to happen so I might change my review but as of right now I don't recommend this game.		Update 10/10/14	I have basically stopped playing because of how unbalanced gameplay is. I re-made a new character using a hunter and was amazed at how dominant this class is in crucible (which is basically the only game mode that isn't boring) and decided that this game was crap and not worth playing.	This game is call of duty with a halo skin which is why i believe there are so many mixed reviews about how well this game is. If you like COD and Halo then you will most likely find this game entertaining for a few hours.
1,I bought this game the day it came. I was expecting it to be really awesome. Yes the graphics are more intense but that's mainly it. There's tons of bugs not even the patch fixes all of it. The AI will taunt you with the same lines until you conquer him or win him over. In the last mission my influence ring would not expand beyond my walls so I was stuck without soldiers, barely any walls, and barely able to survive the first waves. I eventually gave up and uninstalled the game.
1,Gun broke and game is not the best sensor wise when it comes to shooting.
1,I really don't understand why anyone would rate this game as 2 stars or more. The game is horrible. FYI I am playing left 4 dead 2 (5 star game IMO) and I know it doesn't compare but this game is just plain horribly done. I mean the controls and shooting/aiming are so inaccurate I don't know how anyone could justify a good score for this game. MW2 - I play on XBox 360 is so much more fun - only because shooting is actually accurate.		In this game you get shot once and your done. When you shoot a gun it goes all over the place - impossible to actually hit someone. Seems like most kills are all luck. I seriously am so disappointed that I bought this game. Biggest waist of money ever. Sure you can drive vehicles and blow trees up but that still doesn't justify horrible aim when shooting. Everyone just runs around hoping to nick someone.		Save yourself the money - this game is just so utterly horribly done I seriously don't understand how they could put it out. Don't forget the "motion sickness" is so unbearable. When you run it literally is like watching a head-cam we all know how sickening that is.		This was my first try at a Battlefield... and never again...		Stick with Call of Duty. It's actually developed to be played not this BETA release junk they put out.
1,I couldn't even do a 2 hit combo in this game. I was so hype too, but in the end it was seriously a rushed cash grab. The story was god awful too, Marvel vs Capcom Infinite had a better storyline & that 1 was garbage! This story did answer the question of how Heihachi lost his wife, but other than that I just didn't understand the scenes with the "faceless" journalist. And don't even get me started on multiplayer...As I said earlier I couldn't even do a 2 hit combo, but that wasn't the worst of it. My experience with the connection issues really made me give up this game. I remember trying to enter a ranked match on so many occasions it was futile to think I was going to get 1. And the 1st 1 I did get...laggy as hell! The second was perfect, but of course the person I played against was way better. I only ever won 1 ranked match & it went well for me, & I wish I would've thought to record it! Other than that, this game lacked every essential offline game mode since Tekken 4 - Time Attack, Survival, Ghost Battle, I mean we could've at least had Tekken Force back? Nope, this was a $60-70 cash grab.
1,the airplanes look phony the scenery  looks phony. i have gone back to flight simulator 2004. It is much more realistic and easier to use. will probably never use gold edition and would not give it as a gift to my worst enemy! I will also be more careful about buying from amazon.com.
1,If you got what you paid for, I'd give this two stars.  I knew at the price I paid that these wouldn't be of the highest quality.  What I didn't expect, however, was a "product" (if you use the term loosely) which was held together by what would most likely be toxic-free paste that kids use for art projects in pre-school.  The charge time on this seems to last an hour tops.  The upside: charge time is quick... go figure.  The lock tabs on top fall apart within a use or two.		I considered returning the product, but the shipment charges alone aren't enough to make up for it.  This company is most likely banking on the fact that returning a product isn't worth it.
1,Im being honest here, i don't understand how this game got good reviews here ... I didn't like this game as much as I thought I would.	The value of the Cons outweigh the value of the Pros tremendously.	The Pros that were enjoyable were the awesome graphics, the system of advancement is mature and the ability to race with your own music.	The problem is the major cons. While there are stylish things in the game, the GAMEPLAY (TOTALLY) [is bad]. It feels like I'm driving a turtle, The cars don't go fast at all. I thought something must be wrong as I couldn't believe how slow the cars go at top speed. It's so slow it's almost silly.	and I agree about the controlling the cars as some others said, its a nuisance. I mean it shouldnt be so ridiculous. I just want to race, go fast and have fun. If you played Splashdown (awesome gameplay) you will know what I mean.	The cars don't race smoothly and it isn't practical for a game. For example, you cant turn with even medium speed. You have to let go of the gas way ahead and brake completely (almost coming to a full stop) when turning.	The bottom line is that yes there are cool things about the game but nothing is more important than the gameplay and it totally [bad]. As a note, I rented this game and i certainly wouldn't buy it.	If you want to know what i mean by awesome gameplay for racing see "Splashdown". The engineers did an awesome job, somehow they've combined difficulty with fun and awesome speed. I completed the career and have played it so many times and I can play it all day because the racing itself is just pure fun. That's how a race game should be unlike Project Gotham.	I would've gave the game a 1 but I gave it a 2 only for cool graphics, and music support.
1,Looks cool but not useful in game
1,It's funny that the most invincible super hero ever created has never translated well to the video game world.  Superman Returns seems as if that may change, but alas, this is just another licensed, mindless beat 'em up, and yet another lame Superman game.  The game starts off promising enough: you fly around Metropolis, and the city is gigantic.  All at once memories of the Spider-Man 2 video game surface because you get the feeling that this could be the type of do anything, anytime gaming that the aforementioned game was based on, but this is not the case.  As all kinds of chaos explode in the city, the more the city gets damaged, the more it's own life bar is drained, and once it's drained all the way, it's game over.  Now, it's a nice change of pace that Superman himself doesn't have a life bar, but why are his powers (heat vision, super breath, etc.) still have to be so limited and only attained after completing boring, repetitive objectives?  The fighting system is boring, and for Metropolis being so big, there's hardly anything really to do.  There's a nice list of villains to take on; including Metallo, Bizarro, Mr. Mxyzptlk, and of course, Lex Luthor.  After that, it all goes even further downhill.  The graphics are blocky and just plain ugly, even for a PS2 game, and the camera really does want to jerk around and work against you.  Yeah, Superman Returns is a just plain bad licensed crud fest that had more than enough time to get the kinks worked out (the game was originally slated to be released alongside the movie's premiere in theaters this past summer), but what else would you expect from EA?  Thanks again guys.
1,Junk.  I cannot get Windows 10 to cooperate with this mouse at all.  The firmware for teh mouse tends to crash and/or Win 10 periodically pretends the mouse does not exist.  After three weeks of trying everything I gave up. I started using a $12 mouse again because ist was 1000x more reliable.
1,Online content not supported anymore and lack luster game. Good shopping great price. Eh game.
1,Firstly, I really enjoyed American McGee's Alice a decade ago. It had just the right kind of fun weirdness and really tough bosses. I have not really gotten into Alice the Madness Returns game. I am put off by the complex game controls on the PC, no printed game manual and no online version that I can find. I have been playing first/third person shooters almost 30 years and this one looks like it may be more effort than its worth. Thankfully, I paid the much discounted Amazon price so if it sits on my shelf for awhile that's OK. Maybe a manual will show up soon. More later.
1,good game i guess just not for me.
1,PROS:	Graphics up to date blah bla	Interactive environment weather and daylight system.	Multiple vehicles	Large map loads dynamically.	Lots of missions		CONS:	You have to get missions your self. You go to a one of multiple points on the map to get a mission that makes game extremely boring and time consuming.	Drive back and forth thru same places again and again to get missions that are all similar.	You explore places before you get to have a mission to be there, so when you get a mission to get there, you already know the area and there is nothing new.	1 large map, no levels. Its just one jungle map that just makes you sick after a while.
1,It don't work can i send it back or throw it away?
1,I generally do not give anything one star, but I really feel that the deception surrounding the release of this game needs to be exposed.	1.  I am a HUGE Borderlands fan.  Loved 1 and 2.	2. Unlike some other reviewers, I also really like this one. (yes, I know this is contradictory, but stay with me).	3. I have a PS4 and hadn't purchased any new PS3 games since I purchased the PS4 (right when it came out).  Until this game came out.	4. I was completely perplexed when I saw the announcement that this title was going to come out ONLY on PS3 and XBOX360 (look it up, all the articles are still there).  I would say I was probably on the brink of being pi**ed.  I vowed to not purchase it, just for that reason.	5. I purchased it anyway and played it for a while despite the fact that I usually only use my PS4.  I finally gave up on it because it was too much of a hassle to fire up my PS3.	Up to this point, no issues.  I decided on my own to buy the game even though I was mad that they were not putting it on the PS4.	6.  THEY ARE PUTTING OUT A PS4 VERSION NOW.	If they want to change their minds, fine, but they have to recognize the fact that less than 6 months ago, I purchased this game for the PS3 after being told it would not come out on the PS4.  Honest mistake?  I think not.  They knew they would only sell PS4 versions to people who already had a PS4, but "how can we sell the PS3 version AND the PS4 version to the same person, even if they already have a PS4????"  Like this!	So how can they fix this?  Give us a credit.  Not "just trade it in".  Right now this game for the PS3 will get me all of $7 and some odd cents for a trade in.  Let us return our fully working copies of the PS3 version to the manufacturer and get a credit (I would say at least $20 would be fair, but it should be more).	UPDATE:  I just posted this review a few minutes ago and then went back to the product page only to find out that I can now get $16.91 for a trade-in.  I have no idea why it went from under $8 yesterday to almost $17, but I am going to trade it in now.  BUT that still doesn't excuse the developers since this is Amazon that is giving me the trade in credit.		The only good thing is that the saved games I have from TPS on the PS3 will port to the PS4, but that does not make up for the fact that I would have waited for the PS4 version if I knew it was going to come out.	By the way, don't bother saying that this is not a true PS4 port.  I don't know if it is or not and it DOES NOT MATTER.  The point is, regardless whether or not the game is just a PS3 quality game on the PS4, it's all about the ability to play the game on my PS4 where I do all my other gaming.  I would DEFINITELY have waited the 6 months for the convenience of playing it on my PS4 if I knew it was going to come out.		UPDATE:  I just got my copy of The Handsome Collection for the PS4, and I found out that in order to transfer my saved games from the PS3, I needed to update my PS3 version (WHICH I NO LONGER HAVE) to the latest version in order to export the games so I can load them on to my PS4.	THANKS!  And just in case you think I pulled the trigger too early on trading the game in, it is now $12.61 to trade in vs. the $16.91 that I did get.  So I would have lost another $4+ if I had waited.  $4 isn't much, but when I consider losing the original $60 I paid for the PS3 version in the first place. it's just all too sad.
1,THIS GAME DIDN'T EVEN WORK! Horrible!
1,Good
1,Sent me a controller that didn't work. I'm not very happy about it
1,After using it over the weekend, I dropped it just once. After dropping it, the mouse wouldn't track correctly. So I unplugged it and tried troubleshooting. And now, today, it's not tracking at all. I tried contacting the manufacturer of the mouse but since they're a German-based company, they couldn't do much but tell me to contact my dealer.
1,I love flight sims... I REALLY love WWII games... so the thought of a WWII flight sim was too much to ignore.		But this game is just awful. I've played 2 levels of this game and some instant action, and it's just waaaaaay too difficult to control your plane. I am not a huge fan of arcade-style sims; I prefer a game like Ace Combat over something like After Burner, which is what this game reminds me of. Dogfighting is a thrill, but the controls are depressingly bad. It's either too much pitch or not enough. And without the benefit of a 1st-person HUD, it's even worse. Essentially, if you want a good WWII flight sim, stick to something like Microsoft's Combat Flight Simulator for your computer. Until someone comes out with something like that for PS2, I'll stick with the Ace Combat games.
1,The story was like freekin generic as all hell.  The characters are not developed well enough.  Fighting battles is mindless nonsense.  You do not have to even try, and they pretend there is strategy to the battles but its just run into your enemy (there is no freekin attack button)  I finished it because I hate to leave stories unfinished but it was torture.		If you need an expensive paper weight consider this game.
1,UPDATE ...	After keeping  this piece trash on the bottom of all the games, I decided to give another try... BAD IDEA!!		Update took 4 hours to download 8GB (The entire game so the disc is just a waste of plastic)	Then got stuck trying to get an online ID just for this S*** !! since all the possible name combinations was already taken ... Your PSN ID is not enough for Capcom... then really want to make our lives miserable with this F*** Game		This is an online game only... period. There's almost nothing you can do in offline mode.	Game takes forever for loading. There's so much modes and functions that you need 20 finger hands and a 20 button controller		Story mode is boring and time consuming.		Ultra Street Figther IV from PS3 brings better gameplay, faster response and more excitement.	Bottom line ... DON'T BUY IT!! save your money for something better, or go for MORTAL KOMBAT X or XL. Cool graphics, fast response, great challenges...		-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------		Awfull gameplay. I'm a SF fan since Street fighter II... I never imagined SF will go down like this. I'll stay with Ultra SF IV as the best SF release since SF IV.		Don't waste your money!! $60 dollar for this C**p? Go for Mortal Kombat instead!!
1,The "Need for Speed" series has had it's fair share of classics, such as "Most Wanted" and "Underground". It's an utter shock to see a game like "Undercover" make the light of day, not to mention the "Greatest Hits" selection of the PS3 library. This game has quite literally taken everything good about the series and threw it away, leaving a bare-bones racing game that's borderline unplayable.		For starters, the graphics are...bad. The textures and resolutions are okay, but a great deal of polish was certainly put into this part of the game; perhaps a little too much. The entire game-- roads, cars, even signs -- shines brightly, so brightly it blinds! This makes the graphics downright unbearable, with a bright white glow on nearly every object in the game. It's sad to see EA not even attempt to put the PS3's technology to good use. Not to mention, for a game that fully installs, the load times are a bit lengthy, with approximately 7 seconds being the minimum. The sound department is yet another step down for the series, with the soundtrack being exclusively rap and hip hop. I don't necessarily like that style of music, so I expected I would be able to pick and choose what songs I wanted, or, at the very least, look at the soundtrack. I guess that would be too convenient, because there's no soundtrack listing anywhere in the game, which means you have to live with what they give you. Why were they so lazy in putting something this simple in the game?! At least the other "Need for Speed" games had variety! I like heavy metal, and "Most Wanted", for example, had quite a bit of that in it's soundtrack. There are many "Need for Speed" fans around the world, all with different musical tastes, and metal suits the racing game genre no more or less than rap does, so why the abrupt change? Doing a burnout sounds downright horrible. It's one thing for a game to try to be realistic, but this game tries so hard, it ends up being an embarrassment.		In terms of the game play (if you can call it that), it's just terrible; I don't know how else to describe it. The only thing I can say that works as it should is the accelerator and the brake, and even THAT'S stretching it. You drift with X, but good luck trying to learn to use it effectively; it all but stops on a dime and puts your car facing straight ahead in the direction you were steering. Just lightly pressing X will cause it to drift for several seconds, and, because the drift's so extreme, you better not use it anywhere except a 90 angle unless you want to crash. The game was marketed as an "open-world" game, as if no other game in recent times had. This feature ends up being 100% pointless because you have to press a button to go to your mission. It would make more sense if you could drive there, but it basically boils down to you screwing around in this so-called "open-world" environment until you want to do the mission. Why was this even added? Some might say for police chases, which would be nice if the police in this game weren't the worst AI ever programmed in a video game. They act as if they don't even care, as they hardly ever drive as fast or faster than you, and tactics like the PIT maneuver are long gone. If you see a police car blockade, don't worry; they won't budge an inch when you come by, and there's plenty of space to go around them. The random cars in traffic make more of an attempt to hit you, even outside of a police chase! I've had a Progressive van hit me so hard I nearly flipped over, but the most a police car ever done was tap me on the side. I've even seen someone going nearly 5 MPH not get caught; the police will SLOW DOWN TO YOUR SPEED! As if that weren't bad enough, there is no attempt whatsoever to stop you! Even getting a police chase to start is difficult; I've plowed into a vehicle for about a full minute with a cop car in front of me before a chase started, but I've also flown by them at double their speed and that alone can set them off. What on earth went on during the designing of this game?!		By the way, this game has a story. If you happened to buy this game for the racing instead of the story you probably wouldn't have known-- okay, scratch that; there's no way you could play this game without experiencing the story! Not that the series has never had a story line, but this game's cut scenes can't be skipped. It doesn't help that the cutscenes are several minutes long and have videos of actual actors playing parts, as if this were a new movie to rival the likes of "The Fast and the Furious". Did you buy this game for the cut scenes? It doesn't matter either way; you're stuck watching them! Pretend it's 2008, and you've just bought this knowing that it was a racing game. Your first instinct might not be cut scenes, but, if it was, it certainly wouldn't be non-skippable ones! They're forgettable, to say the least, but that might be because I didn't want them there in the first place!		This is one of the worst games I've ever played; not just in the PS3 library or the "Need for Speed" series, but of all time. It's an utter disappointment, and EA has dug themselves a new hole for ruining another good series! The entire game is tainted with laziness and horrible design choices. It's as if they wanted to take everything that made "Need for Speed" the great series that it is and just destroy it. This game wouldn't even appeal to a mainstream audience! The controls and menus are so mismatched that this can't even be hailed as "a game where you just race".
1,Garbage. Had a similar experience as others. My card only lasted a few months with very light use (not that that should make a difference). My Vita won't read my 32gb card whatsoever anymore. I have lost all my game files. Very disappointed! I had a spare 4gb card that I did not purchase from here which my Vita recognizes fine, so I know the Vita is not the problem. Tried to contact the seller and tell them my issue, they couldn't care less.
1,Once again saw so many great reviews, and it sounded like something enjoyable--main problem is all  my houses burn down and buildings collapse even though I have saftey structures right there--its like you have to build 3 watchtowers and architect bldgs for every ONE regular building--I mean I have all the saftey structures right there, with adjoining roads, and still everything burns down and collapses--basically its 1/10 as good as I'd hoped, but I will try playing some more, might end up being decent after all.
1,AVOID THIS GAME.	The DRM forces you to STAY logged into the gaming site while  you play.	If you internet connect or wireless is 100% solid all the time; BANG it kicks you off and forces you to log back in.	The game has pretty steep hardware requirements for not so hot graphics.	The graphics don't look half as good as Supreme Commander 2 and SC2 placed nicely on modest systems.
1,but hey that is just my opinion, the game is not what i expected to be, neverthe less i could sell it for the exact amount I payed, then there was no loosing for me!
1,The first game was entirely new and fresh. This one on the other hand, is nowhere near new and fresh. The only thing that could've saved it was multiplayer, and hey, lucky us, there is no multiplayer.		ONE STAR. BIG WASTE O' TIME. That's what I'd like to rate this, and probably should rate this, but there were a couple decent boss fights and power-ups that prevented me from totally hating it, but still doesn't stop me from disliking it.		Get the first one for a good time, but skip the second one, because really you've already played that one when you played the first one.
1,I bought a box of these so I'll be clear about what you can't get from playing the game normally.		There are 16 SP foil cards which you'll get 1 at random included in the purchase of HHD. These SP foil cards unlock 3-4 exclusive items not unlocked in the game over time. For example Isabelle card unlocks a scooter, Isabelle's pic, and blossoming dress. These cards are scanned at the Amiibo phone in the main building which is unlocked about 15mins into game play, so not right away.		The other 84 character cards are of characters you can discover over time in the game and upon decorating their house you'll get their exclusive items added to your collection. So other than the SP foil cards which you'll only get 1 of, the rest let you get game content on demand and at a faster rate than you'd get by playing the game normally.		Another point to make is by using these cards and unlocking more of the game's collection you'll have more items to design with early on in the game directly impacting your designs.		If you're a card collector you will love these. If you are short on the money I'd skip these entirely, you won't miss much.
1,I am not a fan of first person shoot em up games, but after reading reviews of this one, I thought I'd give it a try...  Mistake.  It was a very beautiful game as far as graphics and scenery, but the play control was CRAZY DIFFICULT!  Options weren't easily accessed, and jumping is near impossible!  If you aren't a fan, but think you'll give it a try, don't waste your time.  I took mine in to a trade in video game shop and got Arc The Lad, instead.
1,same old madden. more lies from the league leader, everything is new we fixed the game that never gets fixed yeah right glad I didn't spend a penny on this so called game
1,Didn't like it
1,thanks
1,Really not very good at all.  You can play it for free, but	don't bother.  It's not worth the trouble.
1,After a solid outing with DDRMAX 2, Konami returns to its habit of screwing up North American DDR releases with the wildly misguided "Dance Dance Revolution Extreme".		Even the name is a fiasco - it borrows from the latest (last?) incarnation of the arcade game, but arcade gamers looking for their favorite Extreme songs will be badly disappointed.  The defining songs of the arcade Extreme - "Graduation", "Cartoon Heroes", "Irresistblement", etc. - are completely absent.  Only a few also-rans like "Moba Moga" and "Pink Rose" made it across the Pacific for this installment.		What's worse is a redesigned interface that tries to combine three functions of the MAX/MAX2 interface - game type selection (nonstop, edit data, etc.), song selection, and difficulty - into a single screen.  I guarantee you will see this screen and have no idea what to do.  Maybe it makes changing difficulty from one song to the next a little easier, something that was obscure but possible in MAX/MAX2, but that hardly seems worth the price of making the whole interface into an utter train wreck.		Workout mode is also a disaster, as it's no longer a separate mode.  Instead, you essentially turn on a calorie meter, go play arcade mode for a while, and come back to the workout menu to check the results and turn off the calorie meter.  They had it right for one game - DDRMAX 2 - and went right back and messed it up.		The song list for Extreme-US is varied, but it's hard to get past the fact that a lot of these songs are just plain bad.  Five are insipid covers borrowed from "Karaoke Revolution", and the choice of licensed songs is a mix.  "YMCA" should be fun yet curiuosly isn't, and the idea of dredging up Pet Shop Boys and their body-suited flying surfers only makes you wonder "did we ever really like this stuff?"  To think that the previous game had Kylie Minogue and The Crystal Method... sigh.  A few points are due for bringing back some DDR oldies that hadn't previously made it to North America, like "Wonderland" and "Only You", though we're still waiting for the true classics (paging "Butterfly" and "Dam Dariram"...)		Some new mini-games are a nice addition - they'll only hold your attention for a few minutes each, since they're foot-stomping novelties and not dancing per se, but Konami at least deserves a point for trying something new.		Truthfully, this game should have been called "DDR Festival", the name given to an imminent Japanese release with the same interface and largely the same song list.  The Japanese DDR gamers have already had their "Extreme" - packing a whopping 100+ songs and generally resembling its arcade version (true DDR players have probably already imported this from Japan, or emulated it with the open-source "StepMania" game for computers) - and it's hard to imagine they'll be terribly impressed with this installment.
1,This product is pointless.  It has no internet access, and therefore it won't replace a "normal Wii", nor can you transfer content to it.  My wife accidentally bought one of these, because our original Wii died.  DO NOT BUY THIS, IT'S POINTLESS CRAP
1,Quality, wireless PS2 controllers just don't seem to exist.  The Logitech ones are the most widely known, and  decent, but over time develop analog stick and button sticking issues.  I had known about this Katana brand for some time, and that it was  "officially licensed" by Sony,  so it must be good, right?		No.		I managed to snag a brand new,  sealed one on eBay for a mere $10, which I thought a great bargain, as these routinely go for anywhere between $50-100 new.  But my excitement  went to disappointment after just an hour of usage.		This controller isn't worth the high asking price.  While it's ergonomics are nice, everything else fails.  The finish is a matte, sticky rubberized surface that just doesn't feel right.  I rubbed it down with a damp cloth, thinking it might have been  from having been in storage for so long, but apparently thats how it just is.  It feels like someone spilled a soft drink on it.  And both the d-pad and buttons (shoulder and face)  suck.  The depressing action feels very stiff and uneven, and often the buttons will squeak when pressed.  It doesn't feel smooth or satisfying, and downright uncomfortable when playing games that require constant presses.		The d-pad is also very mushy.  I've never been a fan of the split style Dual Shock 1-3 d-pad, but it's still ten times more responsive than the Katana's.		The wireless  performance also isn't up to par when compared to the Logitech branded controllers.  I noticed significant input lag on games requiring fast response time like Gradius 5 and Guilty Gear.		I can't recommend this controller, even at the bargain price I found it for.  Don't be fooled by the "official license".  You're better off getting a PS2 extension cord  if you play far from the TV.
1,Contrary to what I have read elsewhere in reviews this is hardly high quality construction. The plastic is cheap and weak. The bay you place your system in is shallow, and it does not take much jarring to have your PS4 take a dive from the stand. What's worse for me personally is that the charging bays prohibit you from seeing the lights and knowing if the charge is complete. That could have been easily corrected by putting a transparent piece of plastic around the charging bays... it would have been lit up by the controllers. As it is you have no idea whether or not the charge is complete. The base also "boasts" additional cooling fans, but these are all but useless. They are exposed to a part of the system that provides little access for the fans to pull out heat. To make them even less useless the fans have hardly any clearance from the location you rest the stand on thereby providing nearly no escape for any heat in the first place. I reverted back to my old stand that just stood the PS4 upright.
1,did not work with my controller
1,The game...is too boring for me. YOU DO THE SAME CRAP OVER AND OVER AGAIN!(And I hate repetitiveness! Especially in games.)This was the first final fantasy game I was expecting a grand adventure where I save the world but the only thing my character was worry about is protecting her village from the stupid poisonous misama. And hate that I have to stay in a little bubble so my health doesn't be effected.	  Here I am beating these monsters up for years (in the game) and there no progress, I'm going in circles because I can't go to the same place twice after I beat it, I have to wait until a couple years pass in the game. I was getting so pissed that I gave up and threw away the game in my closet to collect dust. Then a few years pass and I looked at a video of the game and I found out there's a freakin' final boss! (Which was hard for me to believe since the game doesn't make it obvious or conspicuous that there was one). The fighting gameplay, even a five year old can do it because all you do is press A.
1,So this is my first Diablo game i have played and after playing Diablo 3 i realize i made a mistake in buying this game.		So my first problem with the game is its just point in click, like its still 1999. You are pretty much forced to play the game with just the mouse, pretty much as long you have a hand and 2 fingers you will do fine. I would have liked the game set to modern standards, as in full 3D behind the shoulder camera not over the top and proper controls.		My second problem is you have to be online to play single player. Which i understand cause it prevents people hacking and cheating and selling items on the AH but at the same time i shouldnt be forced to play online to play a singleplayer game. Heck many times i lag cause Blizzard servers suck.		My third problem is the game gets boring fast, So on my first playthough it was fun, i took my time finished it at around 25 hours, so then i have to play on nightmare mode doing the same thing as normal mode but harder monsters, and then repeat on hell mode and repeat on inferno. Now once you get to inferno you have to grind for HOURS AND HOURS to get by, Once you complete act 1 inferno, you need to grind for 20-50 hours JUST to gear up and stand a chance in Act 2 Inferno. Its boring doing the same old thing over and over and over.		My forth problem is that, game has been out for nearly a month YET its Auction house is still not working right. Not only that we were suppose to have Real money Auction house on the 22nd of may and still don't have it.		My fifth problem is, like MMOs, the game has to have server maintenance of 6-8 hour downtime. Never have i played a "single player game" where i have to deal with weekly 8 hour maintenance.		Lastly my sixth problem is HACKS. A lot of people are getting hacked left and right. Why? I don't know. Never have i played a game with so many people getting hacked. Nice security blizzard has. Even with the authenticator people are still getting hacked.		Overall this really isn't a good game. While it was fun for a while, its just a boring grind now.
1,Save your money and get the eforcity ones instead.  They are better quality, I got the two dollar red ones and they are much nicer than these.  Just ordered a black one that eforcity charges ten dollars for (plus shipping).		Since the eforcity looks like it actually might be black (this one is actually more of a grey) and the red one I got was so much better I decided to scrap this function degrading eyesore.		Give it a miss.  The company ships quickly though...
1,All they had to do was make this game exactly like Fallout 3, but with a different location. These people are incredibly stupid.
1,I have two very different PC setups, one a commercial build (Gateway) and the other a more high-end custom-built gaming/video rendering PC.  I can't run the game at all on the high-end machine, and it crashes constantly on the other.		I was very excited when the package arrived yesterday, but it's already shelved until the first patch.  It had better be big...		Edit: After tinkering heavily with my video and caching settings, I've been able to play several rounds between crashes.  The graphics are an improvement over Civ3, and I'm rebooting the system and firing it up again after a crash (that old *one more turn* syndrome is creeping back).  The variety of units, resources, and buildings adds a lot to the familiarities of the game from previous Civ games.  I'm hoping I'll soon be able to run the game without crashes, because what I have been able to see when it runs looks great.		One odd problem I'm having is that I'm sometimes having to click my start icon three or four times before it actually begins to run.  I've never encountered that before.		I'm upgrading my rating, but still not as high as it would be if the game ran without errors.
1,Way too complicated. Such a disappointment. I really liked Skyrim and put in over 1000 hours in that game. It seems more aimed at much younger players as well like most of the PS4 games I have tried so far.
1,No matter what you've read, this stick is NOT programmable out of the box.  You have to download beta software from Saitek (IF you can find it... I had to get a tech to get me a valid link).  Comfort is only 'ok', maybe because it tries to fit everyone.  Quality is questionable.  I bought this stick based on the Amazon reviews (reviews anywhere else are lacking, I guess that should have been a red flag).  After getting it, I couldn't believe how high the ratings are.  It seems flimsy & cheaply made.  I since found a Youtube video that really pans this stick (just do a search at youtube).  The buttons seem flimsy.  I also saw this stick at a local Fry's and the same button that broke off in the youtube video was broken there as well.  Button positioning is 'ok' but could be better.  I really wanted to like this stick, but with all these issues it's going back to Amazon.
1,First of all, let me say that this is an amazing game in ways. It runs on a real-time clock, and the conditions change from morning to day to night. This is really nice and adds a real boost to its already high originality. This is baisically the Sims, Nintendo style. All the townsfolk are animals, and the player is a strange looking boy or girl.	 Now the GC is known for the "kiddy" games, and this dosen't help it. But, I don't really care about that, so I'll skip that part.	 However, the graphics are seriously sub-par for the gamecube. Somethings look nice and smooth, while the animals, and players and just about everything else are box-like and not smooth at all. However, graphics don't make or break a game.	 The sound is also sub-par, but I guess it goes good with the "happy-go-lucky" aspect of the game. It is usually a cheezy piano song, or the "town song" which you can change to whatever you want. I feel the the SFX are overly used, but that's just me.	 Now for the biggie, the FUN FACTOR. You've probably all heard that there are a TON of things to do, and you can't really beat the game, just keep playing. Lots of things to do sounds good, right? Not in this game. You get to town and are 18,000 "bells" in debt for your house the size of a small cubicle. I paid this off in about 1-2 hrs. Then you can make your house bigger, and get another 148,000 bells in debt. Collect shells and fruit, and you'll pay it off in no time. Then a few new options open up. You can buy a bug net and a fishing pole and a shovel. You can fish, collect bugs, and dig up fossils, and sometimes bags of money. You can either sell your captured insects and fish to the store, or donate then to the town hall. Sounds fun? Not really. Fun for an hour or two, and then catching bugs and fishing can get boring, fast. I rented this for free as a promotion from Blockbuster(thank God) instead of buying it. I'm glad. After you finally get debt-free you can collect things, find fossils, and fish and hunt bugs, and THAT'S ABOUT IT. I have only had it 4 days, and am bored stiff with it.	 Rent this game, maybe twice, but don't buy it unless you have unlocked all the activites and have fun with them all.	Bottom line(literally): Close, but no cigar.
1,Here we can see the infamous Scalper in its native habitat. It is quite a horrid creature. It is quite similar to that of the homosapiens. That is because this thing you see before you is in fact an evolution (or de-evolution in this case.). These beasts were in fact human at a time but that time has long gone. Now all that is left is an empty shell with only greed filling its will to live on. Anyways, lets get on to further studying this horrendous creature.		There are some key noticeable differences between a human and a scalper. Notice how the eyes have changed from a natural human eye to a dark pitch black circle. The iris has changed from a circular shape to a sign of currency. The scalpers seen here have dollar shaped irises due to them residing in the United States of America. Another key thing to note here is that they have also developed a hunched back. This is probably due to spending an ample amount of time hunched over computer screens in dimly lit rooms. In fact, this also is a reason as to why these gut wrenching beasts are known to be a bit on the overweight side. This leads to all sorts of poor health conditions as well as putrid bodily odors. These foul odors are used as a defense mechanism, should there ever be a threat to one of their kind. The stench is strong enough to incapacitate an average human for several hours.		Now that we have the basic anatomy of a Scalper out of the way, I believe it is time we go over their living habits. As one can easily guess, Scalpers tend to isolate themselves in dark, dimly lit areas, such as their mothers basement or in underground sewers and underneath bridges. They are rarely seen leaving their dens unless it is for ruining the day of another persons. Now then, Scalpers are known for one thing and one thing only, ruining things for other people. Specifically, destroying any and all chances a person may have at acquiring something of physical matter that a group of individuals may have interest in. They go to stores, hunt down things online and buy things en masse to ensure that no one else can buy said item. They then raise the price to ridiculous prices in order to profit off of these poor souls whom only wish to purchase something to add to their collection of nice trinkets.		Now then, you may ask yourself, is this right? Any and all logical and morally correct answers lead to it being immoral and completely unfair to others. That is what these foul beasts thrive on. They enjoy your pain, your misfortune. You, whom may not be as fortunate as others are. You, whom may not have as high an income as other people are fortunate to have. A scalper finds nothing but joy and satisfaction in the suffering of others.		These creatures have no hearts, no emotions, no guilt and no remorse for the foul atrocities they commit. All that matters is that they are lining their greasy, pork grind filled pockets with currency. These creatures are some of the worst creatures mankind has ever seen. Tickets to that concert for that band you like are strangely sold out. That brand new Collectors Edition for that game franchise you love so much is somehow entirely out of stock. Things that were supposed to be given out for free are now being sold online for insane amounts of money. All thanks to the putrid Scalpers.		So then, how does one combat the growing threat of the Scalper? It is rather quite simple. Just say no. Do not give in to temptation. Patience and perseverance always prevail over the evil doings of the Scalper. Do not buy what they are selling. In time, they will realize that no one is going to buy the items that they have bought for the sole purpose of scalping and they will be forced to lower the price accordingly just to not lose money. That my fellow friends, is how we can defeat these vile beasts that pollute our fandoms.
1,I cant understand how they could nail everything you could ever want in a modern game (graphics, storyline, even the sound track) at least up to this point and still the game plays like its 2001???		You run with a gun in your view as if your arms were stuck straight out in front of you with no elbows to bend.	Your legs have no knee's. You cant duck behind cover or really crouch, you cant shoot around corners or anything. Its like your playing with a broom up your arse.		There is no real sensation of movment its more like your ebbing along in a bubble. You can jump, but its like bouncing that giant bubble I just spoke of. Its so freekin rediculous that bungie won't address this. This was my complaint about halo 3 and halo 2 and halo and reach when it comes out.		I understand this if a first person shooter but you can still have human movements. It sounds like no big deal but its the reason why gears of war is a much better game. I got suckered into Halo3 and traded it back in within two weeks. I hinted I would be interested in this game to my wife a few weeks ago, so she got suckered this time and bought it for me. I played it for about 3 mins and was very disappointed. Now I have to play the game and pretend I like it cause she'll get upset. geewiz.
1,I think this product is terrible.  I did by second hand, but this products doesn't seem to fit the standard Wii controller I have.  The gun seems to be to thin to except the controller into the top portion and when placing your Wii control into this device it almost seems like you are going to break it.	Not very pleased with the construction of the device at all.
1,The lack of a story line, confusing names, bad voice acting, and so-so graphics are the least of this game's problems.  The worst aspect is the poor gameplay.	1) This has to be the worst of the worst: when you are hit, it takes 2-5 seconds to recover, during which time you cannot fight but will continue to take hits and damage from your enemies.  It doesn't matter how hard you hit any buttons.  Your character will spin for a few seconds and bleed away.  And get this: when you hit an enemy, he doesn't suffer from this problem!  So if you play this game, be prepared to die many unnecessary deaths.	2) While there's an impressive list of weapons in the game, many are very poorly implemented.  Get a machine gun or shot gun, and you'll find that you can't really aim accurately.  Sometimes... even when you aim and fire at the enemy, he doesn't suffer any damage!  I don't know if this is a bug, or just another way for some sadistic programmer to make a gamer's life miserable.	3) Enemies are strong.  As mentioned before, they don't get immobilized temporarily like your character does, and they are really tough...  I'm talking about the non-bosses!  And there's no difficulty option in this game.	4) Even though you can access the save screen at any time during the game, it doesn't really save the game at the point you think you are saving.  Instead, when you load the game, it starts from the beginning of the mission!  And what exactly constitutes a savable mission is also confusing.	In short, this is a terrible game.  There's some fun factor in it, that's why I give it 2 stars instead of 1.  But I truly think it'll take a few years off your lifespan because of its high degree of frustration.
1,If you've played any call of duty campaign, you've played the titanfall campaign. It's pretty generic. But they ruined the multiplayer. It's slower and clunkier, and has even less customization than the first game.  It's like they took everything that made the first game good and threw it out for no reason at all. Such a dissappointment.
1,I tried to purchase a used copy of this game, from this site.  Unfortunately, you cannot install a used copy of this game.  Once the CD key has been used, it can not be associated to another person, the DRM requires the game be assigned to only one UBI.com account.  Once installed, the player doesn't even need the disc anymore.  Obviously some jerk figured this out and sold the disc to some third party, who tried to sell it through Amazon.  It's a shame cause the guy gets to keep the game, and shafts some guy out of his money because he just bought a coaster.  I say again, do not buy used.
1,These are very comfortable, and they feel very durable and high quality. I wasn't very impressed with the amp though. It didn't work, plugging directly into the playstation via USB. It would light up, but none of the buttons would work. If you plug directly into the controller, it works better, but lose the amp and easy controls that come with it, which means you have to mess around in the playstation audio settings anytime you want to mute your mic or adjust the volume levels. You could just unplug your mic from the headset; that would be the easiest way to mute with plugging in directly into the ps4 controller. There was a delay with my mic audio when adjusting the settings on my ps4. I haven't experienced that with other headphones. The amp also didn't work with my xbox one. What does it work on?? Also, the mic monitoring on the ps4 wasn't very clear. Mic monitoring is a huge deal to me that many manufacturers don't advertise, or get right. If you can't hear yourself talk, then how do you know if other people are hearing you right?? We've all played games with people where you can hear literally everything going on in the background at their homes; the dog barking, their mom yelling at them, music playing. That's usually because they have no idea what their mic is picking up. Or they talk waay too quietly in their mic, and you always have to tell them you can't hear them. OR, the person that is so LOUD they could be eating their microphone for all you know. Good mic monitoring on people's headphones would solve so many problems! Anyways, these are super comfortable, and the sound quality is warm and great due to the larger mm drivers. I was just bummed mainly that the amp didn't work on my xbox or ps4. You have no external controls if you plug directly into the controller. And if you move your xbox controller, there's all this analog feedback from the 3.5 mm jack that comes across in your friend's games. No thanks, I'll continue my search. So far, wired usb Turtle Beach headphones have been the absolute best I've had on xbox and ps4. The mic monitoring was amazing too. I messed up big time and gave them away last year.. the only reason I'm looking for something now.
1,A waste of money.
1,this versian of max payne is not very good.	I played this at a friends house even though I have	max payne 2 on my computer, and they took out some	lets say "Adult" cheats....	Yes thats right there is something in the pc versian of max payne 2 that the x box and ps2 versian don't have. Mona in full Frontel Nudity.....Yes If you saw a brief scene with mona in the shower that is all you will get in the ps2 and x box versian.....But..In the pc versian there is a cheat were you can play mona with nothing but her gun if you know what I mean.	And every thing is detailed in her body including her t**s and other places you don't want your 14 year old to see..	Basicly the pc versian of max payne 2 is the original MATURE RATED versian, but the ps2 and x box don't have that cheat.	The graphics on the ps2 don't match up the awsome graphics of the pc versian.	Bottom line is if you wanna see great graphics and great game play...not to mention explicit nudity...than get max payne 2 on pc than xbox and ps2.  It's your choice.
1,Another STEAM game requirement!  This MUST STOP!  Retailers MUST disclose this very clearly in the description of the game.  Amazon, this goes for you to.  Nowhere in the description does it indicate that we have to deal with this STEAM crap and log into steam accounts every-time we want to play a single player game!  I SHOULD NOT have to log on to the internet to play a single player game! I should not be FORCED to register with an online site to play a game!  Talk about invasion of privacy at its highest.  This is BS and needs to stop or be FULLY disclosed by the seller.		Fortunately in small print the box states "If you do not agree with the provisions of the SSA, you should return this game unopened to your retailer".  (referring to the Steam account) Well guess what?  I DO NOT AGREE with the provisions and WILL be returning this game to Amazon unopened.		I cannot believe the amount of deception that is going on with these games, from companies that use to be reputable.  This has to STOP, when I purchase a game, I should be able to install it on a computer without needing access to the internet.  If they want to stop piracy then require the CD to be in the drive to play, but this internet connection reuiqrement is totally bogus and they have lost another customer as a result.
1,I've had this for about two and a half weeks, using daily.		Pro:  holds keyboard (Corsair Vengeance K70) securely; sturdy single-corded connection to computer and power adapter; lip at right and near side of mouse area helps prevent mouse from falling off; USB ports on side; includes hex-driver for access/assembly; build quality solid, except for the one significant flaw*.		Cons:  *ALREADY coming apart at a key place --> the magnets that connect the keyboard platform to the padded lap section have begun to detach [description below*]; having the keyboard all the way to the side creates the need to shift the device away from a centered position to type comfortably; lack of a lip to the top of the mouse area allows mouse to slide off easily in that direction placing additional stress on the mouse cord & connection; USB hub randomly cuts off recognition of one of the devices (keyboard usually), usually when computer is idle, requiring me to unplug it and re-plug it in to resume normal function -- so far this has always worked and doesn't happen often.		*I've already lost one magnet and another is consistently sticking to the lap-pad [there are six total], having detached from the keyboard side where it is supposed to be held in place by adhesive (once adhesive failed it keeps detaching despite being firmly replaced).  I fear it's just a matter of time before the rest of the magnets detach and the connection with the lap pad is completely compromised. Now I have to figure out how to fix this.  I consider this a SIGNIFICANT FLAW.  If it were just one magnet, I'd suspect sample or manufacturing problem, but I believe this is design flaw as it has happened to two magnets (so far). And no, I don't handle the device in a rough manner, I've only ever been gentle with it. At this price I shouldn't have to fix it, assuming it is fixable.  UPDATE: All six magnets now detached; unacceptable.
1,This game is ok.  Nothing to go crazy about.  The graphics could use some help.  I thought the premise of the game sounded really cool but was let down with the actual game play.  I've played better.
1,My first game I played on playstation was Tomb Raider, I loved it. I played all of them before I played this one. Then, I tried this one even when I heard many bad things from reviews, but still I wanted to see it for myself and they were all right. This game sucked. Many times was too slow (walking in slow motion), it was kind of like Metal Gear (but embarrassing Solid Snake), there were not enough puzzles (and the ones it had were boring and repeatitive), the design was bad, and the graphics I expected more since this was the first tomb raider on PS2 (I liked better the previous games the way she used to move). I miss the adventure like Indiana Jones, and I still remember the other games of Tomb Raider; but this one is forgetable.
1,Like everyone here, I purchased this game because I love the Terminator franchise. Well, I learned my lesson. This game is, without a doubt, the worst 3rd person shooter ever created. The "follow you" camera is so bad that you will find it frustrating just to walk down a straight hallway. In fact, it's so bad that the programmers put in a first person mode (just pull the left trigger) to try and make up for it. They didn't spend enough time on that tho, because you can't move in 1st person mode. -So don't believe the hype they have about being able to switch modes.	Worse though (and completely unforgivable) is the save game feature. While in the game, you restart at various "checkpoints" within a level. However, if you save the same and turn off your X-box for the night, you'll find yourself at the beginning of the level. Ugh. Your game isn't good enough to keep us up all night Infogrames! Put some effort into the work you do!	And finally, a person rant: who makes shooter games without multiplayer anymore?!?	On the plus side, the game makes awesome use of the Terminator world, as you're trying to get to the point where the Terminators go back to kill Sarah Connor. And the unlocking of secrets and the ability to use bonus points to unlock additional technology is awesome. But, if you really want to give this game a try, rent it. You'll be happy to have saved [money] that you can use to go out Saturday night after you've finished the game in your first half of the day.
1,Flimsy and a bit hard to put on the kinect.
1,I'm a long time fan of the NCAA Football series, but I'm getting tired of buying the same game year after year.  There's really nothing new in this year's game that justifies the full price tag.  It's the same game they released last year with new player stats and a few bug fixes.		What's worse is that the game has been polluted with an in-game upgrade store that constantly asks the player to purchase upgrades and enhancements to an already overpriced game.  For example, for $5 to $10 each, you can buy enhancements that improve your recruiting, player training, and other attributes in dynasty and career modes.  And the game is constantly pestering you to purchase them.  No thanks.		There's not a single improvement that makes this game stand out to me from last year's game.
1,Sim City 4 is better then this
1,I tried the game and it dissapointed me. It is pretty much the same old game, same goals as always. The game has all the liscences, stadiums, chants...EVERYTHING...but they missed the most important part wich is: SOCCER. The gameplay is not realistic, its robotic. Guys at EA should try Winning Eleven, its more realistic and there are no two "same" goals there. I had been a Fifa fan since 1995, but everytime I buy this game, I end up playing it 3 weeks (because I start winning matches 11-0 once I learn the "trick" to score the goalkeeper) and then switch back to winning eleven wich is more challenging.
1,Save your money for a real game.  This game is gorgeous, there is no doubt it looks just like the cartoon and that is all that is good about it!  There are areas reminiscent of the original Rayman gameplay but they are totally dumbed down.  This is just a fetch quest with a boss at the end of each fetch session.  The upgrades for character weapons are very few because the game is far too short to utilize major upgrades.  There is not even a silly minigame to give you any sort of reason to play it after beating it in 4 hours.  I usually do research and try my best to shop smart when buying a game but this game had no online reviews.  Learned a big old lesson from that....people love the show so much they don't want to trash the game to pieces I guess but this game is pathetic.  And buying it for a child is no way to make them happy either.  It is a bad game.		This game, based on a much loved cartoon and released in 2015 has----take note----NO, as in none at all--voice acting.  No voiced dialogue in a 30 dollar game this day and age is an absolute disgraceful money grab.  This game feels like a free phone app when you play it. This game was intended for exactly what is happening....parents are buying it for begging kids then writing a review saying "My 6 year old loves it".  Well your six your old won't love it next week because there is no replay value and it's a 3-5 hour game to finish.  They'll be begging for another game.  And good luck getting rid of it at Gamestop...you will be insulted further with their offer.  Trust me, this game is a very disappointing game that had potential to be fantastic.
1,I got bored of this and shut it off and sold it.  It's typical so and so needs this, so you go run around and do it.  Some parts are difficult, some are just confusing.  But it all adds up to a boring game and story.  I got dishonored and that's 10x better.  Play Skyrim if you want a game like this that is just AWESOME in comparison.
1,Can I give a zero.  After charging, it will not work.  Get a message about "batteries weak, please replace"  .  I have tried everything.  Don't waste your money.  This pack is garbage.
1,Wow.  I can't tell you how pissed off and taken advantage of.  I thought this was an actual game but instead like the reviews mentioned it's a freakin demo.  Really I paid $29.00 for a demo, that is outrages.  Good job Konami.  Fool me once same on me, Fool me twice shame on you.
1,Sorry I couldn't give "0" stars but I had to click on 1 just to post.		The game is useless to my neighbor.	He paid $52 at Wal-Mart and the activation code is no good.		But like the other reviewer said. It's Securom that's the problem.	Somehow, an old game's Securom code is interfering with the activation of RE 5 on my neighbors computer.	There is no way to fix it except to reformat his hard-drive and reinstall the operating system.		Nice !
1,I was told FEAR is a super scary thriller. My wife and I were excited to play it with all the lights off, hoping to have the bejebus scared out of us. After 3 of 11 "intervals" only the gameplay was scary.		FEAR is a patchwork quilt of gameplay and story elements that have already been done (and done better) by someone else. That's not to say that a marvelous work of art cannot contain influences from previous masterpieces, but if you just stitch together pieces of famous works by Monet, Rembrandt, & VanGogh you'll wind up with something appalling, not appealing.		The enemy soldiers sound just like the soldiers from the original Half-Life. Alma appears as a young girl with her face obscured by long black hair. Remind you of The Ring? Maybe The Grudge?? Paxton Fettel eats people like a Resident Evil zombie, except for the thin premise that he doesn't do it for nutrition- he absorbs their memories.		Speaking of thin premises, let's talk about SlowMo. Your character's reflexes are so fast that you can slow down in-game time. Thanks to the part about reflexes, that doesn't sound anything like Max Payne's Bullet Time.		Health dips into the original Doom's bag of tricks, complete with a max of 100 points each, health & armour- that is, unless you pick up health boosters that add 5 pts to your max. What is this, 1993?? Oh, and Heaven help you if you pass a checkpoint with low health. Also borrowed from Doom3 were messages left through the game. Except instead of watching clue-laden video-memos like Doom3, FEAR offers voicemails from one plant worker to another who asks "Are you alright? We heard loud noises."		There was ONE trait that was unique to FEAR: You can't always just pass over ammo & items to collect them. Sometimes yes, but most times you are forced to press and hold X.		Was there fear in F.E.A.R.? Apart from the occasional "Boo!" moment, no not really. Like the rest of the game, scare tactics were recycled and repetitive.		I cannot recommend this game.
1,i really liked the movie, so i go and get the game for my psp. i actually played the whole game thru to the finish. the story of the game has nothing to do with the story of the movie, not that i really cared for the story of the movie. this whole game is basically, turn into a robot blow up other robots or objects, turn into vehicle go to next object to blow up. the graphics are horrible, gameplay leaves you wanting more. this is not the worst game i have ever played, but not worth retail price i payed of 39.99, luckly i finished it in a bout a week sold it on amazon got about 80% of my money back. maybe not bad for a rental if you have nothing else to play
1,I really wanted to like this game but its bad game mechanics make that impossible. The controls are just sloppy. The driving mechanics are pretty good but not good enough for the percision driving the game demands. The vehicles all have a bouncy response to input that make anything requiring split second responses impossible. Also like all the weapons in Red Faction Guerrilla the cars you must recover on the missions are painfully slow and bouncy. All enemy vehicles respond like race cars. All Faction vehicles respond like they are mounted on a floating pile of Jelly. Getting into and out of vehicles is also a pain. Also Red Faction Guerrilla is heavily dependent on an enemy wave generator, the never ending enemy generator takes away from the fun of being a Red Faction Guerrilla.		The Red Faction Guerrilla story is fun.  Red Faction Guerrilla has one of the best open environments around. The timed games would have been fun were it not for the mushy game controls  Also the recticle for some of charges is not exact yet in one of the mini games you must place a charge on a Hydrogen Barrel and throw it down a pipe quickly.  Red Faction Guerrilla suffers from asking you to do too many things quicky when providing a wholely substandard interfect interface to accomplish most tasks. The is no iron sight direct look down in this game, how dumb is that. Red Faction Guerrilla has a rushed to market unfinished quality to it and the game play suffers as a result. Percision tasks requires percision gaming mechanics this game totally lacks.		 Red Faction Guerrilla is not particularly hard but what you must be skilled at is overcoming the stupidity and lazinessof the developers who gave us a Red Faction Guerrilla with so many lame game mechanics. Nothing proves this more than the game mechanics for the "Walker!" The jetpack did not always engage when you hit the correct button. Yes I brought a brand new controller to insure it was not equipment related. You stand outside a car and push triangle to enter and the character just stands there taking fire. The developers of  Red Faction Guerrilla struggled hard to make a game that was extremely challenging for the hard core gamer even on causal mode but in so doing they made the game no fun at all for the causal gamer.		My real problem with Red Faction Guerrilla is a less challenging causal mode for have been awesome because; I didnot want so much a challenge I just wanted to blow things up and be a complete beast. Gamers are unique creatures. Hard Core gamers want things to be extremely hard, an adventure where you must conserve every bullet and use stealth. Other gamers love to go it guns a blazing killing anything with a pulse. Still other casual gamers like me just want to go through the whole game blowing stuff up and being a total beast. I don't mind a moderate challenge but the endless enemy spoiling every hope of fun in the game got old quick.		The developers of  Red Faction Guerrilla forgot that different gamers find fun in different experiences.  Red Faction Guerrillawas the perfect game for gamers who want the joy of tearing things to bits. Blowing up bridges, buildings, vehicles, gas works and so much more. Having so many omnipresent enemies ruined what would have been a killer awesome game. The thing that earns omnipresent  two stars is the horrible game mechanics, the underpowered weapons and the bouncy unresponsive vehicles for that I can't forgive the developers. If you want someone to do a timed mission you need to provide responsive game play and vehicles and weapons powerful enough to complete the mission successfully.
1,I don't like that you can't use keyboard and joystick together.  It's one or the other.
1,These are really "cool", and my kids like them, but they do not store in the stylus holder under the DS.  The handle part of the light Saber is too big.  They are super easy to lose.  They are always laying around the house. If you are going for how cute they are then get them, but you have to store them in a separate case.
1,Bought it from GameSpot, simply sucks, horrible ground and clinch game (so bad tips are shown while playing), slow and rubbish punches and kicks, and still at 30fps (unbelievable). EA simply SUCKS!
1,Can you imagine the nerve of 2K sports to throw this game into the arena with the quality of other baseball sims on the market??  It's like a kid playing tee ball being placed on a major league roster.		Years and years of tweaking and dedication by other game makes (ootp/baseball mogul) have produced spectacular games with a high level of realism.  Then, enter front office manager, where they throw out all basic MLB rules such as free agency, waivers, AAA demotions, contract negotiations/40-man rosters...etc....		What an embarrassment this should be.  You better come harder than this if you want to survive 2K sports!!!!
1,You get what you pay for here.  It's an OK controller, that's as far as I'd go.  Relatively comfortable to hold, not nearly as comfortable as a legit Nintendo Pro controller.  Buttons are harder to press, but that's easy enough to adjust to.  Build quality seems to be good.  The issues are with the directional inputs.  D pad is atrocious.  Mine will never read the left input properly.  It's not even good for menu navigation thanks to this.  Analog sticks are hard, though that is easily fixed with a pair of Grip Its.  Small adjustments on the sticks are difficuly.  They just don't have the right sensitivity.  Making minor adjustments with Link's bow in BOTW, for instance, doesn't work well.
1,I really wish I'd read the description before purchasing "Petz Catz 2" for Nintendo Wii. I thought it would be a simulation game, where you dressed up and took care of the cats. Instead it's full of annoying little games that aren't all that much fun. Wish I'd passed on this title.
1,My wife got me this for xmas, because I had been playing CoD Black Ops.  Honestly, it's a big letdown. The classes/gun options are limited. The graphics are terrible. I honestly can't make out whether an object is an enemy combatant or a pixelated box until it's too late half the time. While it sucks to be a noob in most games like this, it REALLY sucks in this game because not only do you have to learn the maps, guns, games, etc, but this game limits you to basically 1-2 gun options that you may or may not like right off the bat. You have to dredge through many games of getting your butt handed to you by players with nice scopes, light machine guns, etc before you can finally unlock some nice items.  It also seems very laggy. Sometimes you have to hit a button (like to respawn) 4-5 times before the game actually does it. Just not that impressed in comparison to the CoD games on Xbox.
1,I bought this game and boy was it a waste of money...If you wanted a game where you can squash bugs and have a good time,this definately is NOT the game for you...the whole game you are in the dark...very hard to see,the controls are hard to maneuver and it is very slow paced-Trust me-Rent It Before you buy it or you will be as disappointed as i was.
1,No One Plays It
1,It is not compatible with the transfer paks so i can only play pokemon stadium with three thank you cirka
1,This game made me dizzy from the get go. I never knew which room I was in. I had to look up cheats on occasion, which defeats the purpose of any game.
1,the wiring stinks  the voice cuts in and out all because of the wire..the wiring would be better with a thick wire support or something
1,Update 10/30/17	after a firmware update, it's totally died. Out of warranty too. What a piece of crap, Logitech!		Update 10/11/16: after a tiny water splash on to the keyboard, my keyboard lost 1/3 of the led. It was just a few drops of water, didn't realize this keyboard isn't splash proof. $100+ keyboard and not water splash proof....		Great keyboard, everything is silky smooth, love typing on it so far, ultra fast response, upgraded from G510s. My old G510s lasted me a good year, before the space key gives out two multiple spaces instead of one. Can't believe how good this keyboard is... so far only been typing on it, well update after more test.		So far after 1 hour of testing:		Led on this was super bright. Had to tune it down, never have I had to tune a lighted keyboard's brightness down before.	Only the main keys can change colors, not the top right keys. or I haven't figure out how to change them.	Typing on this is a dream...
1,I've been playing video games since age five and consider myself to be very good, but this game is HARD and frustrating! My husband and I quit after World 2 or 3. I enjoy a challenge, but this game is just not fun.
1,This game is repetitive and boring. I do not get it man, so many people rating this game over 80. It's is disappointing to see that. This game lacked of mechanics it's just go forward, kill some dudes, jump, and jump and jump. If you truly want to play a good tomb raider you should play 1-4
1,In my first review I gave .hack only two stars,but after having played a couple more hours,I can honestly say that that's too good of a rating for this terrible,back-end stink of a game! I would give it zero stars but that's not an option...		 How many horrible things about this game can I mention?Let's see,oh yeah,your weapons and armor level up by tossing them into a pond,and depending on what the weather is like,it get's weaker or stronger...sound stupid?Wait there's more!		 You can only use skills(spells/special moves) if you're wearing certain weapons or armor. Levels mean nothing;no learning cool spells by leveling up the old fashoined way,all you have to do is sport the right threads! WOW!		 You only get a certain amount of EXP depending on how many levels the monster is stronger or weaker than you. I guess just having a set amount of EXP for each monster is just too much to ask! Let's make something even more complex even though you already have to learn 5000 diffrent rules just to play this peice of junk!		 Don't be fooled by thinking that this game has two worlds... this game always takes place in the online game"the world";the real world is just the computer desktop with that annoying music.	All you do on the desktop is read pointless e-mails that tell you	boring ...,and if you don't kiss every character's ... in the game they'll get mad at you and won't play with you....oh,darn!		 As for the whole "illusion" of being on an online virtual world,	that's a total joke! The dungeon graphics are VERY bland and repetitive; in fact if it wasn't for the flashy cutscenes,this could easily be put on the playstation 1!Oh,and the other "online players" say the same three things over and over, including the ones that join your party!		 And as for the whole story,I just didn't care! It doesn't ever make you WANT to find out what happens next. The plot isn't gripping at all;I mean yeah,you're friend goes into a coma,but as to why he did,it's just abstract and stupid. Some ghost chic get's chased by a guy with a pink staff and then he beats your friend with it! UGH!! And you're telling me that Bandai wants to drag this out to three more sequals!?		 Also,controlling the camera manually gets really,really old! At first it might seems like a good idea,but you'll get a headache constantly switching the camera back and forth. It gets tiresome doing this just when walking in a dungeon,but when you've got a group of enemies that always run out of view....		 Lastly,the music was completely indistinct and unnoticeable; Super Mario Bros. 1 had better music than this!	 Please rent this game before wasting your hard-earned cash on it,like I made the mistake of doing!
1,I rented this game last week...and after putting four hours of my time into it, I discovered that I put the controller down in a worse mood than when I picked it up.		This game is a waste of time. It looks great, but just isn't playable.		The AI isn't capable enough to handle combat...at all. Your party members just walk into the enemy, swing, and die. Blocking is very effective...but your AI party members never do it. You spend over half the time in combat stopping to bring up the menu to heal or revive your allies.		I died three times in the second area of the game as well. Dispersed among the levels are absolutely terrible monsters that will can easily kill your party. The treasure chests attack you. And they annihilate you. They're by far the most difficult enemy in an RPG's early game that I've seen. One hit from them takes off most a character's HP, it can hit multiple characters, and can sometimes attack more than once per animation. The game also scales them up in levels to always be vastly stronger than you, and to top it all off, the game explicitly prevents you from running away from them (the run menu is greyed out when they attack you...) This is completely against the general exploration theme of RPG's...you're supposed to find and open treasure chests, not wonder if the chest contains an item or a practically guaranteed Game Over.		The game also froze once when I was playing it. Interestingly enough, it was when I opened a treasure box...the screen flickered, and just stopped.		Don't pay $30 for this game, it's not worth the frustration or the money.
1,I bought PS4 just for this game and it SUCKED!!! I should have bought XBOX ONE instead!
1,Vice City is basically GTA3 with 80's music and a more involving storyline thrown in. In fact, if you took away the 80's music, I think most people would agree that there really aren't enough new GAMEPLAY elements to justify an entire new game.	This should've been a GTA3 expansion pack or more accurately, "Grand Theft Auto 3.2" on sale for [...].
1,If you own a PS2, there's only one wrestling game out there and that's SD4. There's no excuse on the planet for anyone who owns a PS2 to purchase this title.	Yeah,  LoW2 is improved from last year's...but that's not saying much at all. It's still complete trash.	I made the mistake of taking my optimism from the awesome Smackdown 4 and somehow hoping beyond hope this game would be good, too. I really thought and hoped maybe they'd make this a decent game.	It isn't.	Yes, the gameplay is a little better. But again, that' really not saying much. You're still randomly crushing buttons hoping something works. The graphics are cartoonish but decent enough. The whole thing still feels...choppy and uncertain. The logic behind the gameplay just isn't that well done. Supposedly a lot of it is based on timing, but after being spoiled by SD 4 smooth and fluid controls where you can actually get something done, this hails from the Stone Age.	The sound? Well, at least on the Xbox can you do a custom soundtrack. You'll want that, believe me! Can't do that on any other console, unfortunately. It's mostly annoying rock music that you would never spend a cent on otherwise.	The wrestling intros look and sound a lot better than the first one. That's about the biggest improvement overall.	The premise behind this series is amazing, but I guess the age old adage is still true: If it's from Acclaim, steer clear. What an unacceptable, squandered opportunity this game is. I wish Acclaim would give it up, because I just don't think they can make a really good game. Mediocrity has always been the Acclaim way.	Oh well, at least I can use SD 4's CAW and make all these guys anyway. The heck with this!	SD4 is your hook up! Holla if you hear me!!
1,I hate that I need to run their software in the background to keep the RGB backlight from looking like a rainbow. My case has a red theme, and I want the keyboard to match, but it doesn't until the OS is booted and I'm logged in. It's stupid. The thing has firmware, it should be able to store a profile without the software running.		The volume wheel also sticks. It looks like it should scroll freely and smoothly, but it doesn't. It feels like crap. I'll be sending this keyboard back, I think.		I really like the switches, but dislike just about everything else about this keyboard.
1,Call of duty four modern warfare back in the day was the greatest game ever created. Now it's a mixture of advanced warfare plus modern warfare and it is complete garbage. On the other hand, the actual game call of duty infinite warfare was the most terrible game I've ever played. It really looked like a prequel to HALO. If I could I'd give 1/2 a star. Extremely disappointed...
1,I love my PSP.  I've enjoyed every game I've played for it.  Lumines, however, didn't live up to the hype and I just felt cheated.		It's not as much fun as Tetris by any means:  it's flashier, prettier, and has better music, but it just isn't as fun to play!  I found the puzzles really easy until suddenly one was hard and there was nothing to do to try any others.  So I got a tip from the internet for that puzzle and then suddenly they were easy ones again until I got bored and stopped.  The endless mode got boring before it ever approached being tough...after about 30 minutes that too was boring.		I finally sold mine.  It's not a terrible game, and it may be just right for you, but I have to recommend trying before you buy.
