0,Good easy to use and cut craft wire. I use this stuff for everything from flowers to makeshift hanging loops.
0,Clover bamboo needles and all of their accessories are of excellent quality. They're all I use. Great price on Amazon, especially if you get free shipping.
0,works great
0,Great fun and small size. Used for background in photo
0,Beautiful color and makes up quickly.
0,Great needles and they work in all my machines
0,cuts beautiful
0,Received 6 well-packaged rolls...  Multi color trees.  Grass.  Umbrellas.  Bunnies.  Music notes on staff.  Flowers.  Beautiful and adhere to pages nicely.  Very pleased.  There seem to be some older reviews (poor and well deserved It seems) and photos of various solid colors.  I received no solid colors and ordered none so I'm glad this worked out well for me.  The seller should definitely review this listing.
0,My favorite blender pencils to go with my Prismacolor pencils.
0,wife loves them especially in the black color thanks
0,Very beautiful..
0,This is an easy product to use.  It shrinks just like it says too.  However, you need to play around with the temperature for your oven in the beginning.  I found that for my oven, 325 F is the perfect temp for 3 minutes.  The items are shrunk and ready to be molded (if you are doing that kind of thing).		I will say that these will not work as is for printing.  I even tried sanding them with 400 grit sandpaper and did not find the results satisfactory.  I also found that sharpies would "rub off" on this product as well.  I am sure that you can seal them so that they don't, but I am still working on this.		In the end, I went with the printable Grafix sheets and haven't looked back.  The results on these are far superior to anything that you will get on this product.  I would also think that the results with sharpies would be amazing on the printable version.
0,Not as thick as I thought, but it works great on embroidering towels and fleece. I won't use it for lace, but it absolutely has its purpose.
0,As described
0,I HAVE BEEN USING SCREW DRIVERS & PLIERS SO I BROKE DOWN & BOUGHT THE RIGHT TOOL FOR THE JOB.  ONE OF THE SMARTEST PURCHASES SINCE I STARTED MAKING BRACELETS.
0,great gauge for wrapping
0,Very good quality,made in Japan
0,Sharp, simple easy to use cheap pins for sewing!
0,Great colors for dish clothes
0,I just bought this and I have used quite a few of their brands on my paper work for scrapping. I bought this for the corners as it seemed very pretty and not found in a store. This is very good from what I have bought from them before and should be reliable to use.
0,Worked perfectly for homemade essential oil diffuser necklaces.
0,Great product	I am a quilter and have always worried about holding the ruler....this works perfectly
0,Great for mixed media projects
0,Good quality craft item
0,I've been buying Pioneer refill pages for years and am very satisfied with them.
0,Great Product.
0,Bought the big pack because a coworker gave me all of her wood mount stamps. I was surprised I only needed two sheets to cover them all. Makes storing rubber stamps a lot more compact. (I bought a sheet of this a while back and have not had any problems with the stamps I converted to cling, even the smaller stamps.) I occasionally buy wood mount when they are on sale so having this on hand is helpful. One sheet will go along way
0,Thanks
0,Excellent product. thank you.
0,I have this size and the smaller 68 size for my casual coloring.  I do have expensive pens (copics) but I wanted some less expensive ones for playing around in coloring books.  I like these, they don't bleed through.  I prefer this 68 size more than the smaller size, and if I had to choose one it would be this one.
0,This dye is really effective. I dyed a faded old dog collar thinking it really wouldn't take well, but now it is bright Aqua.
0,just okay
0,This item was used as a prop for a speech and used to show who is in charge of our goals and our success in life. It was perfect because it is small enough to fit any where but yet big enough so a person can see their face.
0,Great, workable, dead soft copper wire. Will buy more
0,Beautiful beads.
0,thanks
0,I like the fact it is on canvas not cardboard.
0,These work great for blocking my crochet items
0,Love it
0,Gave a pal to all the kids did not realize special paper needed, going to have to order some.
0,Great lye for soap making and great price. Comes quickly!
0,Great Price!!!
0,I LOVE this bin. The top organization bin is big enough to hold a small stack of my 8.5x11 art paper,my clipboard, AND my art portfolio. The underneath area I have divided into several sections to separate my colored pencils by color, and other various supplies. It makes a wonderful portable art station, as with the lid closed I can use it to put my paper on and draw away!
0,Nice, large letters. Great for small card boxed sets as gifts. Easy, fast and they look good.
0,I choose this rating because I am very pleased with my needles.  I recommend it for persons that make the jewelry by their hands.
0,Great product and price.
0,Absolutely love Gingher products and these did not disappoint. They were very sharp and easy to handle. Definitely makes putting together rag quilts much easier!!
0,Love them
0,awesome kit!
0,Love it! works fantastic! exactly what I was looking for.
0,nice tools, work as expected, chrome finish
0,Excellent product and I love the tin.
0,Cottage Cutz sells an amazing variety of decorative dies.  This particular die makes quite an elegant corner for a variety of different cards, including wedding, friendship, and birthday.  Please see customer image above for a birthday card that I decorated with this die.		I used my Spellbinder's Grand Calibur die cutting machine for this die, and I had trouble getting a clean cut on regular cardstock, until I inserted a shim (an extra piece of paper to press the cardstock down into the die) between the plate and the cardstock.		I wish these corner dies came in pairs, with one die the mirror-image of the other, so that I could place a die-cut in opposite corners of the card.  You can't just flip the die-cut over to get matching corners, as one side of the cut is rounded and the other side is flat.
0,I really like them.
0,perfect! all around, fast service, great price!
0,This adapter works wonderfully well as do all the Cuttlebug accessories.
0,I ordered this binding in white so I could dye it whatever color I wanted. It worked beautifully. It comes in many different colors and I would like to order more, the only draw back I see is the $3.50 shipping charge. I would recommend this for any crafter wanting to make vintage looking ribbon.
0,When you put so much effort into making homemade jams, sauces, or any type of preserved food,  this label really dresses up the gift.  Many recipients of homemade gifts hove no idea how much work is involved.  Other labels just seem to look primitive or boring and this just says "very special".
0,Arrived FAST!!!!  Great product - exactly as described (and making my life soooooo much easier).  I will DEFINITELY be ordering from this merchant again!!!! Seamless purchase, fantastic price, product, and delivery far exceeded my expectations!  THANK YOU!!!!
0,Only came in black and white instead of colors as advertised. I'm glad as I preferred the black and white eyes.
0,Great product
0,These are very high quality and can be used for almost any project, journal, scrapbook, or handmade card!  This will make your project stand out with great detail.
0,Awesome colors and quality.  Easy to work with.  Good choice!!!
0,Nice Aida for the price, good for all projects.
0,love
0,My sewing box was a mess until I got this.
0,Perfect for all those Christmas cards I intend on making. Embosses very nicely and it's fun to play with.
0,Love glue dots and won't buy any faux glue dots. Going to go order some more right now.
0,I like it
0,Like all their products, the ink set I got works fine for what it is, and is above all economical. The ink is a little thick for my liking but can be thinned with water or special ink thinner, or water. The color is crisp and vibrant, and so far the prints have not broken down, but I have not washed them other then to test the heat setting yet. The ink does heat set if you iron it on a medium-high setting with no steam for about five minutes. I don't have a press yet, so I don't know how they work with that. The pack itself comes with six basic colors that look good on all color shirts so far that aren't the color of the ink itself. Why you would ink the same color as the shirt I don't know, but if you do it will look a bit off. The thickness of the ink makes printing light colors on dark material easy, though the opaque set would probabily work better.
0,really like the needles
0,Love it! Great quality - cannot wait to fill it up!
0,Good for designing my own patterns
0,Combination tools in jewelry design and construction are very handy. You don't have to sift through all your tools each time change in function required!
0,etches great
0,Great product.
0,Nice assortment of snaps (sizes) and good quality (metal).  I use them for doll clothes and I have a hard time finding snaps in stock at my Walmart.  Price is right too.
0,I love this paper its a good weight,great patterns and the colors are just what I was looking for, 6x6 is just the right size.
0,Beautiful colors and so soft!
0,Love these chains! Really nice quality!
0,WOW!! That's all I can say. It's perfect. Just what I expected.
0,like this yarn a lot. easy to use and good for projects that will be donated like scarves, hats, and blankets to the  hospitals and shelters. texture is good, the amount is huge, and it is nice and easy to get knots out. best is there are lots of colors to choose from.
0,Yeah, I've done it!!!
0,Very soft yarn
0,I'm a beginner when it comes to watercolor so if you are looking for artist grade this probably isn't what you want but for mixed media projects this works perfectly for me, I love the tin it comes in and the cute small size. It's the exact size as Jane Davenports new line of Watercolors and although you might think this is similar to her neutrals set, there are only a couple of colors that are similar. I'd buy both!
0,They are great.
0,These are so handy. But did they mean to send as many as they did? Three packages of three brushes? What a bargain!	Oh, I do wish that one of them had a finer tip. That's really the only drawback.
0,love it A+++
0,For an inexpensive little machine it works great!!!! Lite weight easy to set up just love it for the money
0,I hemmed and hawed over starting this project because I wasn't sure I could handle the grommets.  Found some $11 discounted	rod pocket drapes in the exact color I wanted so I went for it. After altering the drapes (I faced the top of panels with iron-on pellon to ensure the fabric wouldn't ravel), used the templates to cut out the circles, then popped in the grommets.  I finished 9 panels in a week and they look great.
0,great die thank you
0,good tool
0,Arrived as scheduled, just what I ordered.  Thank you.
0,This is a very nice pottery set of tooks for a beginner/ child.
0,as expected
0,This stuff was perfect for making small (3") statues. Sculpt it, bake it, paint it, you're done
0,Works as expected
0,Great product
0,they are great rulers, I just hope the edges/corners are not so sharp...
0,I just needed a place to keep lots of filled and empty bobbins.  This fit the ticket and worked out great.  Price was decent.		Recommended.  Thank you.
0,This is a nice cord and works well with the needles that I have.  When I received it, it was missing the tightener.  I contacted the seller, Caring Crafts, who sent me a whole new cord set with a tightener included, and bonus cord connectors. I was only expecting the tightener, so I was amazed, and pleased with this company, they went above and beyond what I expected.
0,Noisy but worth it. Also seems to go through batteries quickly. But what a neat, creative, fun timesaver!
0,Beautiful- made into a bracelet. Turned out perfect!
0,Just as nice as any other roving i have bought.
0,The beads look great and quality is very good. I have only had 3 stones missing out of five hundred very happy with that.
0,Very nice for plastic.  Seems a lot more sturdy than I expected.  Will work fine.
0,nice quality. came in good time
0,great
0,Good for patterns that you want to fold and store away.  no  BULK!
0,5 Star Service! Fast too! Would order again!	Thanks,	Pamela G. :-)
0,love these beads will order again.
0,Nice size.  Great feel to them.
0,nice and use them all the time.
0,True to color; size very uniform; rounded edges make these easy to work with.  Exactly the same color as the 11/0s from same merchant so perfect for multi-size projects.  Will definitely buy again.
0,Thank you!
0,This yarn is tricky to knit with as it is difficult to avoid splitting the plies, but I enjoy the more rustic look of the fabric that this yarn creates.
0,These are nice thick caps. No complaints
0,Really handy product.
0,Funky design that will go great on a lot of different cards and scrapbook pages
0,Great paint
0,I worked very well and I have used it several time and it was god.  I liked it and recommend it
0,What a great price and the perfect size!  Using them for escort cards and I am so happy at the quality of the keys.  They will look great at the bridal shower.
0,This fold over elastic assortment in the two yard lengths is the most useful to me for various projects and I like having it in multiple colors.		This is a nice quality 5/8 inch fold over elastic and I have used it trim the neckline and armholes of my dogs dresses as well as on various items that I have made for myself.  I am happy with the purchase and the color selection.
0,Good
0,This soap mold is great! Easy to use and clean. Have already used it several times and my soaps turned out beautifully!
0,Good quality.  Glad I choose these!!!
0,Color is the same as the picture. Great quality beads.
0,what is there to saay it is a scane of redheart yarn that coast way too much on amazon
0,1
0,They are great
0,I just wish that the rotary cutting tool would close by itself.
0,Gift for my daughter who paints all the time. She likes the variety of colors.
0,Love the beads.
0,I liked this yarn. The color reminds me of an old school mop. I used it to make yarn hair for a stuffed pony I was refurbishing for my niece. I didn't pay much attention to the size when I ordered, I wish it would have been more. But for the price, it's fine. I would recommend it.
0,Good
0,these will be nice for a childs room theme
0,I purchased this paper to use at our church Vacation Bible School where I ran the Crafts department for 310 children. We used this paper to make to murals and I used the balance to cover tables where the children did their crafts each day. This paper was the perfect width to cover our tables and held up really well. I am very pleased with this purchase!
0,Great colors & softness .  Haven't used it yet.  Will be doing so in the near future for hats & cowls.
0,The Red Heart Soft yarn is one of my favorites to knit with. They definitely live up to their name--it's extremely soft! They glide on my needles like a dream, and they also have a slight sheen to them, which results in great stitch definition. The color selection is vibrant and incredible, and the price is pretty reasonable (although with these being available both at JoAnn's and Michael's, compare prices and coupons). I have already made a few sweaters, beanies, and scarves out of many of the colors, and I'm currently working on a navy/heather gray sweater using this yarn. I will definitely continue to use these.
0,Fun buttons, I made a necklace from them....wonderful
0,These are high quality sewing machine needles in a 10 pack. You get 10 for a really decent price, and they are long lasting. They don't tend to bend or break nearly so often as other brands.
0,Beautiful!
0,I made a beautiful necklace out of these and will make several more. I am very pleased with the quality of this product and will continue to use this product!
0,I purchased these Crystal hooks to add to my set! I have been wanting to make some afghans with a bigger, lacier look! Every time I went to the craft store they never  had these sizes in stock! I was able to get the larger hooks in a package! The packaging is great, it comes in a nice heavy plastic bag so that the hooks will not fall out, or rip with minimal use! These hooks are great for bulky yarns, or rug yarn! I have seen many patterms for adorable rugs. The price on these  hooks was very reasonable. The price at the craft store is much more. The colors are awsome, and the hooks are smooth, and will not split your yarn!  Great for beginners!
0,GOOD
0,Great
0,Really does a great job trimming/cutting thread.
0,I purchased this little set because I always need extras.  I use them in painting as you might expect; but I also use them in my beading to separate the different beads I am using for a project.  I did not give them 5 stars because they are inexpensively made, albeit they do the job nicely. Having said that they were inexpensively made it is exactly why they were so inexpensive.  Duh! (that's a comment to myself not to you dear reader)  I must have 20 or more of these small palettes around the house and always seem to need more. I always seem to have a minimum of 5 projects going at once.  They are good to have around when you need them.
0,Soft and Beautiful Yarn from Red Heart!  I will purchase more!
0,I'm going to be doing some crafting with this box. It appears to be well made and ready for my applications.
0,sooo pretty and great quality as expected...
0,These are fabulous, if you like using magnetic closures on your crafts.  I make purses, totes , handbags,  these are perfect for the finishing touch. They are pretty strong.
0,Genuine singer product and worth the price
0,Does what it says on the tin. A great solution for rips/tears in gear to get you home or maybe longer.
0,this is my goto brand
0,This is perfect for applying HTV.  It arrived in perfect condition and is awesome! Highly recommend!
0,titanium (coated?) blades. Very sharp. You can "hear" it...
0,Beautiful colors for distressing cards, invitations and any scrapbook project.
0,i am a quilter, in the process of making some kitchen gifts where insulation is most needed.
0,Works like a charm not my first purchase of this product, so far nothing works better.
0,You can use as little or as much as you want to make your candles' colors bold or pastel.  This package will last you a long time if you keep things on the pastel side like I do.
0,I bought a no. 5 large brush and really like it. It is perfect for adding depth by laying down layers of colors while leaving freestyle strokes.
0,Order delivered promptly and appeared as advertised.  I have used all the dies and they add exactly the look I had been searching for.
0,Love this line
0,This is great to avoid tangles! It's perfect for at home ball winding, but it does look kind of funny when you're doing. My boyfriend told me I looked like I was practicing witch craft! haha
0,Love it
0,great price, the only problem I've noticed is that the eye of the needle doesn't always line up with my auto-threader (I have a brother CS-6000i), usually if I push the needle a little to the right it'll line up after a couple tries. But hey, for the price of these needles, I'll get out my old-fashioned needle threader
0,My grandkids spends hours making their own artist pictures.  They love it so much I have to order more. They are my junior COLORING ADDICTS.  They don't fight and so proud of their work, builds self esteem.
0,Good thinner, very little odor.
0,nice paper
0,Great price and great option. LOVE that I could get what I wanted and needed. I chose 5 colors, 1 yard (3 feet) of each color, so I can stock up on all the colors, but then when I re-order I can just get the colors I am using most.  High quality,  Siser Easy weed is wonderful to work with and this seller offers it for a good price!  My order came quickly and well packaged ,so my vinyl was in perfect condition! ( trust me , not all of them care)  you won't be disappointed with this offer. I just hope they add more colors!!
0,These rings clasp well.
0,I like these, the only fall back is that they are a tad heavy and pull the yarn down a bit (sock yarn) but work well and look cute as well!
0,Love to paint on this paper and love the size of it.  I think it's the best!
0,Sunshine Polishing Cloths are the only ones that I will use. Once I discovered them at a local shop, there is no going back. I handcraft jewelry to sell and there is plenty of polishing to do. How do I describe them? It takes less time and energy to clean my silver components then using any other cloth. And I have tried many over the years. Also, you can literally keep using them until the cloth is in shreds, they continue to work. Thanks Amazon for carrying them.
0,Nice product. Fast shipping.
0,Does what it says it will do- makes clay round! Make sure you use the measuring scoops, if you have too much it will get mushed on the track. Wish it made smaller beads, but this is a nice tool to have.
0,great deal
0,Great
0,I used these to cast sculptures into resin containers.  It was very simple to use, completely scentless, and dries crystal clear.  Just make sure you follow the directions exactly or you may get some bubbles or other imperfections.  The amount provided allowed me to fill several baby food jars full.
0,Lovely reddish brown.  Perfect for the craft I had in mind.  Red Heart gives me good value and the colors are vivid.
0,Fantastic oil based colored pencils. Creamy smooth and highly pigmented.
0,How cool.  These skulls stand on their own or can be used with just about any other beads.  Really nicely colored.
0,Very interesting color! I took a chance buying it online and was worried it would be more brown than dark reddish.  I needed a dark Burgundy color for a Virginia Tech throw for my step dad.  This color worked *perfectly*!!!  It was super easy to work with. I highly recommend this yarn!
0,I found the grover very good . Heres the deal  Ive seen 2 stars on the board as with any cutting device its the angle. Hold the handle too up right and it won't cut hold it too flat and it will scratch the leather and it won't cut Practice, practice. Ive had tools that cost 2 or3 times the price and were no better quality,Would def order again.
0,Very satisfied with this purchase.
0,Awesome color and really good quality pigment,
0,Love it..already used several times.
0,Non-tarnish excellent wire.  You need this!
0,These did their job, but were way too thick
0,It broke but after 4th use & the thread was heavy, Ill get another one.
0,The sharpness on the blade has lasted some time, I have had these for months and they still cut like new.
0,Great product.  Arrived quickly.
0,Exactly as advertised.
0,Great Price!!!!
0,first time hand quilting and this hoop is perfect. I borrowed a wooded 18" from my mom but It was just too big for me. this hoop is perfect to use sitting in my lap while watching tv and it does not slip!!!! I'm about a 1/3 of the way thro the hand quilting and no puckers of any kind! order this hoop! you will not be disappointed! love the size and ease of use!
0,Loved this for a candle project.
0,Gorgeous beads. Love them. Very sparkly.
0,lovely
0,I'm worse then a kid during the holidays. Other then getting ahead of myself I loved it by the picture and description and ordered 2 sets for my granddaughters 4yrs. and 10yrs. for Easter. I'm not much into candy and it's going to be sent 1,700 miles away. Another thing I sent for were watercolor postcards. Through the years I've seen children with big coloring books half done from lack of interest and overwhelmed. Anxious to see what both of them think when they can take it anywhere with no fuss and for little hands with big creative ideas.
0,I really like cloud cover, it's very soft and goes a great job. will order again when I run out.
0,so many greetings on one die --- very nice!
0,I am pleased with the pens.  Just starting out with this water coloring.
0,These are great for stowing pictures and other items that might fade do to the fact they are made in the last century. Thank You
0,Excellent for the On Point method of making an attractive quilt.  I just buy material with great designs and cut them out to use as the blocks then alternate with a solid color.  You get done in no time.  Easy Peasy.
0,Nice boarders for my accordion cards.  Easy to use.
0,These cut like butter, I'm very happy with them
0,This is my favourite of my two 60mm rotary cutters. I debated on splurging on a more expensive brand or going with the Fiskars, chose the Fiskars, and I've been completely happy with them since. The handle is very comfortable and easy to grip while maneuvering around fabric and the blade retracting switch doesn't get in my way or accidentally pushed during use, which was a problem with the way my previous 60mm cutter was designed (that is, it was NOT designed for left-handed/ambidextrous use - the button was right where my hand pushed the most).	The button that instantly pushes the blade out doesn't get pushed accidentally in the drawer that I keep it in, either, so I never got around to making a cover for it - it retracts well enough for safety in my adults-only craft room, so I'm happy with it.	The Fiskars brand rotary blades are more expensive than your generic hardware store rotary blades, but they last quite a while and I don't feel like I'm really wasting any money on them. I get quite a bit of use out of them.
0,This re-inker bottle is worth it. Glad I could find it on Amazon. Couldn't find it in the local stores.
0,great looking tape for sword making for my kids!
0,love these
0,item was as expected and arrived on time
0,love working with these
0,I can't wait to use
0,Love the German Carbide since it last much longer than the regular Cricut blades
0,I'm really happy with this machine.  I vacillated for months before giving in.  I bought it late Nov and my return window was Dec end.  I used it heavily during December because I wanted it to break within the first 30 days if it was going to break.  It performed great though. Nary a mechanical problem.		Some things to consider - while it's easy to use, like all things, there is a learning curve. I'd suggest practicing a lot on different fabric, different textures, with different stabilizers, until you get a sense of how it all works.  Also, the end product will only be as good as the design. The built-in designs are great; but I wanted things that weren't available as built-in.  I bought a couple of applications so I could make my own designs - there's definitely a learning curve there.  Once you get it though, it's a lot of fun.  Also, some people complain about the thread tangling, or fabric getting ruined ... I was worried about that. You can't just press "go"  and walk away to come back to a great results.  I find I have to babysit it, which means hovering over it for 20 and 30 minutes at times. I watch it carefully and if there's a weird stitch, or weird noise, I immediately stop it. (Again, learning curve and getting to know the machine.) It's just thread, so you can pull it out and then adjust the digital design - you can back it up a few stitches to pick up the stitches you removed, or back it up an entire thread color.  It's actually pretty friendly and easy to recover from inevitable problems.		It's also very easy to change threads during the embroidery process. That's a big plus since many designs have multiple colors.		I didn't really need this machine because I don't embroider much; but am glad I bought it.  It's been a lot of fun. Highly recommend!
0,Great product.  I reviewed dozens of products for weeks before I finally decided.  I'm very happy with this purchase.
0,Nice case to keep my graphite pencils and sketching tools.
0,As described-Good packaging-Fast Shipping-I am very happy paper punch & Seller-Would deal with again!!! A++++
0,very good
0,Perfect
0,They were a gift - loves them
0,Bought this set after trying a small set of 10.  Just another wonderful art supply I couldn't live without!
0,This is a super priced set of double sided tape. I works well and holds well and yet is easy to remove if you goof.
0,I love them, I've done multiple jobs with them
0,This is essential if you want to use third party or homemade designs easily. I purchased this specifically for the diversity of graphic designs you can import, and was not disappointed. The import is only the first step to really using the material though, and I still wish they came with more of an instruction manual. There is an excellent series of instructional materials written by Silhouette School, an online blog by Melissa Viscount, and she also has ebooks available on her blog and on Amazon. I highly suggest that you check her website out in order to make the software more understandable.
0,I ordered the 1/4", 1/16", and the 1/8" punches to use making stars from a dinosaur paper star book I got at the City Museum in St. Louis! The punches have a 2" reach, so it's easy to get it into the strange little spots I need to without creasing the paper. The punch is very sturdy, and the grips are rubberized and large enough that it makes punching through multiple folds of the paper super easy. They punch clean and the edges are sharp and crisp. Definitely will stick with this brand for any hole punches I may need to buy in the future!
0,Perfect size for all of my crafting/sewing needs! Great quality!
0,This is a wonderful die to have in your collection.  It can be used in so many different ways other than just making a rose.  I use the vine & leaves for accenting many different projects. Try it....you will love it.
0,LOVE THIS CUTTER.  FITS WELL INTO MY HAND, EASY TO USE.  BE CAREFUL.  THOSE BLADES ARE SHARP.
0,Used for the first time today. Love it so far. I even wrapped it in paper while painting on it as my canvas is smaller then the easel and I dint want to get it dirty yet lol
0,This stuff is great and a little goes a long way!
0,Love my Crop-A-Dile.  Will be ordering more in different sizes.
0,This is  a good product.  I use it to sew cloth gift bags.
0,One of my favorite folders.
0,I've been knitting for sixty years and have always relied on boys needles.  Who needs those super expensive needles, boys has been around a long time and the needles last most of mine are sixty years old and still going strong g.
0,Worked for me
0,5 star
0,The lessons are very thorough and I have learned a lot from the book. My embroidery machine does not have the baste feature and I was able to download the baste outline from Ms Roche's blog. That is a great help in my embroidery projects. The chapters include subjects on Beginning Basics, Embroidery Designs, Placement (very important), Hooping ( with great tips), Stitching and finally Finishing like a pro. The book is expensive, but the tools included and the helpful information make it worth the cost.
0,Works perfectly as intended. Very bright, it works great for  tracing sketches onto even 140lb watercolor paper
0,I am so happy to get this! The cording is very sturdy and just what I needed for my lacing projects! The lacing came very well packaged in this plastic container with a screw-on lid. Very fancy! The cording is good quality and I pulled out some of it and gave it a tug and it has a little give but not much. It is nice and soft and flexible, not stiff or hard to work with. I am very pleased! I have purchased leather lacing for projects before and it was very stiff, difficult to work with, and the finished product was not at all what I expected. I did a quick bow with this material and it held together nicely! This material is a GREAT value for the price!
0,Cute
0,Wonderful shapes that you can use to create interesting edges and borders. They cut nicely in my Cuttlebug.
0,good
0,Handy little box just crammed full of useful gadgets.
0,I had no idea how much I would love this thing! I was skeptical that it would work as well as a sweater shaver, but its GREAT. It has a slight sulfurous odor once in awhile, but that doesn't transfer to clothing. The smell goes away after use. I wouldn't dream on using this on things like cashmere unless I was confident and did a spot check first. It's probably not for silk, either. Basically, if it's a delicate fabric, spot test before you go at your precious piece with this thing. I love that I don't need blades or batteries. This isn't the kind of pumice you can find laying around hardware or craft stores, either. It's ridiculous how much I like this thing.
0,So soft and I love the colors too!, I wish I had ordered more of this! Product quality is great I mixed mine with white yarn and it looks beautiful!
0,Singer Machine Oil, 4-Fluid Ounce ... from Dyno Merchandise is easy to use and does what it is designed for--oiling sewing machines.  As with most other oil, it has other uses as well. Good product; good price.
0,Beautiful
0,I've bought these in white and have had no issues. Love the convenience and the value. The colors are a good variety. I use them for my terry baby bibs and burp cloths.
0,Got this as a gift for my sister. She uses it for drawing with prismacolor pencils and it works out great for her.
0,Decently priced, packaged well and arrived quickly!		My fav is the cups are marked very well to provide ease of use - saves time in so many ways :D
0,I love Reeves acrylic paints in assorted colors because you can apply them thick or thin with water and they go on smoothly.
0,They are just okay; was expecting a little bit more quality in wood.  They are okay for my small craft projects.
0,You can never go wrong with Mod Podge! I didn't even know they had an outdoor kind, I'm estatic.
0,Great washi tape. Adheres well and retains it's stickiness. Colors are vibrant. I've used on paper, cardstock, and canvas.
0,We have at least 4 of these sketch books in our house. 3 boys who love to draw and write and one for myself. We each write our name on the first page and carry on from there. The books are bound very well and nice and sturdy. The pages have just enough grip to take a pencil, water color pencil or paint. Overall very happy with these books. They'll be a treasure for us when the kids are older.
0,loved them
0,Great as a party favor for a 4 year old birthday party! A great "non candy" gift! Added a personalized coloring book, plastic sunglasses, and crayon themed bubbles&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Crayon-Bubbles-24-Count/dp/B0087QK1CG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Crayon Bubbles, 24 Count</a>, and the favors were a huge hit with the kids and adults!
0,Just what I needed!
0,Nice sturdy box, just big enough to put my pastels and some tools in it.  Great construction.  The lid holds my paper between a small ledge and a grip at the top.  I don't know how to lock in the lid angle , am I missing something?
0,LOVE THESE!!!!!
0,Exactly as advertised
0,These are excellent for clipping into tiny places.  Keep them in my appliqu box to snip little corners or seams.
0,Great
0,Totally Love this, haven't seen better
0,I love it!
0,As I age I have been struggling with threading small quilting needles and thought I would have to give up quilting.  This tool has been wonderful!  Thanks so much.
0,flow wonderfully and love brush markers... they seem to be the best i have been able to find. Not a factor with me but do be warned they can be smeared if applying a clear coat of acrylic medium...i actually like this effect.
0,Just what  I needed
0,This was a gift.
0,These are great quality stamps - perfect for jouranaling, and cards.
0,Love the assortment!
0,Very pleased
0,Used for Halloween prop.
0,Bought this for a gift and the person LOVES it! It's easy to use and she told me she's become addicted to making cards using this machine to die cut shapes and dry emboss.
0,excellent
0,Great vibrant colors and very easy to use!!
0,Good selection of colors and size is just perfect for stamps.
0,I am taking a Ceramics I college art studio class and needed basic supplies. These are basic tools  made in expensively. I was drawn to them for the low price and wide range of tools available in one kit. I have been using them a couple of months and have had no problems. I do recommend that any wet tools get laid out in the open air overnight or longer to dry out thoroughly to avoid mold or mildew forming on the wood and to avoid possible metal corrosion or rust. Rating these 5 stars as a low priced kit for beginners. Once you get into ceramics and realize you may need other certain tools to do specific niche tasks for certain projects that not all potters choose to do, you can buy those a la carte. For me what this set was missing was very small loop tools that I need to use in sgraffito but a couple off the hook shaped tools are okay but not enough for me. (I have been borrowing loop tools from my professor.) Highly recommended for a newbie who is on a budget.
0,Beautiful yarn.  Arrived on time and is perfect.
0,I have enjoyed this ruler and I am still learning how to use it properly.  I like that what you are measuring is visible thru the ruler and that when you become familiar with all the markings it is helpful in measuring straight and level.  My only problem is that I seem to have the wrong end on the left hand side everytime if start to use the ruler, but I think it must be me.  I do recommend this ruler and I think the length is nice.  The thickness is just right to keep its flatness.  The width of the ruler comes in handy for quick measuring also.  I am just starting to really know how to use all of its features.
0,great
0,Nice assortment of colors. Hard to find the end of the thread sometimes....
0,Good
0,For ruler quilting it works great.
0,Great water brush for using with water color pencils.  The fine tip allows getting that detail easily with not a lot of saturation.  Squeezing it gently makes the water come out  just right. I have several so that I can also add my own ink to them without cleaning over and over again.
0,Sturdy. Well made.
0,Delivery was fast even though the estimation on amazon was longer. I ordered my marker set a week ago. Great color starters and I got all grey tones which is very good. I think anyone who has experience with alcohol markers but want to try with copic, this is the set you should start with. I am happy with my set.
0,This very inexpensive water color paint set has been a pleasure to work with.  I am just above beginner when it comes to water color but these colors have worked very well and I think they mix and blend nicely.  My only reservation is that they are not as vivid as other paints I use.
0,I had been looking at a set of these sewing feet for a couple of years.  Most sets are higher priced.  I put off buying any because I didn't know if I would use them.  Then this past Mother's day my husband asked what I would like as a gift and I said a set of sewing feet.  We looked on Amazon and found this brand for a very low price.  My husband, the ever skeptic, said 'they probably wouldn't be very good as they were so cheap' to which I replied 'then if I don't use them we won't have wasted much money then'.  So I ordered them and I am totally delighted with them.  They are well made and fit my Singer Sewmate sewing machine perfectly.  I have already had our money's worth with the sheer enjoyment of trying them out and I am only a third of the way through them.  I highly recommend them, every one I have tried so far has worked like a charm. Prior comments have said the box is marked in Chinese but these also had the English name of each foot.  To make things easier for myself I took a copy of the bottom of the box so I didn't have to turn it upside down every time to identify the feet. It is one of the best purchases I have ever made.  Way to go Lemonbest and Amazon!
0,nice
0,Great brush.
0,Such a smooth Big Shot.  The colors are appealing.  The machine handles with a smooth glide.  Perfect for all my embossing and die cutting needs.
0,This is a great tool for scrapbooking and card making! Was really great that it came with all the brads to complete project I was working on.
0,Wonderful
0,Make great treat bag toppers.
0,Great quality. Kids love them. They even shade and blend. Great for budding artists. Sparkly metallic colors are also included. Very wonderful for kids! Will buy again.
0,great Buy! shipped in a very timely manner as promised!
0,Love them. Simple and sophisticated.
0,Good quality feathers.  I made a Mardi Gras mask that turned out great!
0,BEAUTIFUL BEADS. Ordered these to make wrap bracelets.  Not disappointed! Have ordered 7 strands.  Each strand has been great quality.
0,Great value & quality! Very pleased.
0,works great just be sure to get some mold release too!
0,Good buy, excellent performance!
0,These bobbins are exactly as described.  I am using them in a Singer sewing machine and the quality is fine.  Shipping was much quicker than the estimated delivery.
0,What a great product...exceeded my expectations...I use it to often re-tack Cricut mats....definitely a great product!
0,Very good quality
0,Love it! It is beautiful!! Shipped quickly, and in perfect condition.
0,Great price for so many Charms
0,Needed these and they were happily received.
0,right size
0,this is like regular embossing powder but with larger granules. you do have to be careful when using a regular heat gun because it will blow off easily. if you use the 'heat it' tool then this shouldn't be a problem, otherwise you would need to heat from underneath, provided you are embossing paper.  I would like to try using a melting pot and pouring it in silicone molds for embellishments but have to get the melting pot for that. when you heat just one or two granules it comes out looking like a drop of water and I would like to play with that concept too.  if you apply several coats it gets a nice build up and I would like to try adding a few drops of various colors and try to mix it with the heat tool.
0,I am excited to really use this.
0,These watercolors are highly pigmented, so for me they are wonderful. After using these I do not want to use any thing else.
0,As previously stated in all Offray Ribbon reviews, I love Offray. It is available in almost endless colors, is very easy to work with, does not fade, stays true to color even when exposed to sunlight, easy to heat treat to prevent fraying. Cannot say enough positive things about it. Bonus fact: Made in America.
0,Granddaughter carries this everywhere, she has shared with friends.	The small size is perfect for carrying.  Disappointed the "24"  pages were 12 pages of animals and 12 sketching papers...I will pay more attention when ordering.
0,great quality
0,Excellent product, arrived in a timely manner
0,Great pair of scissors!
0,I was scared, looking at all of the reviews for different brands of safety eyes. I ordered these because they seemed to have solid good reviews. The eyes I got were all great. No defects, the washers work, everything is just how I would expect it to work. If you're concerned about all of the crappy eyes out there, I'd recommend these.
0,I've only had the Expression for about a month and I really love it. No technical problems so far. It really is fun to make such different stuff and build great looking cards and make titles any size for pages.
0,I love the range of different tips avilable in this kit.
0,It was fantastic! :0)
0,such a cute stamp
0,perfecta
0,Love how it works so smoothly. I ended up buying 2 of them
0,Nice way to make fabric flowers.
0,I got two of these, one for myself and one for my sister. I intend to introduce her to Boro this fall but I don't want her to give up before she gets going with it so this thimble will help to keep both of us happy. I like the inset which the needle will catch on and not slide over the surface of the thimble and escape. There won't be any damaged fingers this fall thanks to this handy little tool.
0,Great product I'm very happy with my purchase.
0,Great yarn for multiple projects.  Item as described.  Color is a muted green but blends well with other colors.  Excellent price.
0,Great machine.
0,Work as expected.  They make my job easier.
0,Best scissors for close herbal trimming :)
0,They're wonderful for me, so easy to use. Thank you.
0,Nice mixture of 6/0 seed beads.  I've sorted them out and strung on fish line.  I've got at least 6 36" of each color, some a few more.
0,Good for tiny fill in and knobs for radio.  Replaced worn out writing on plugs of 1975 Stereo reciever.
0,Could not find my old metal shuttle.  So happy to find a nice one for an inexpensive price.
0,Excellent item!
0,Great for attaching the new delicate die cuts. You will still need a glue eraser to catch the little pieces.
0,These crimps are nice, and should definitely belong in any jewelry makers' supply. I'd recommend these to any crafting person!
0,Sharp and they work.
0,Thin leather, but holds honing compound well on rough side. Smooth side is great for final stropping. Good size for a small tool roll.
0,I did buy both this weight template plastic as well a thick plastic.  It is my preference to stick with the heavier plastic as this is not as easy to work with.
0,I had only used pre-wound bobbins in the past but now that my on line boutique business has picked up, I need a more economical way to provide bobbin thread.  I decided to try winding my own bobbins with this thread and it works beautifully.
0,Love these needles.  Beautiful when using your walking foot for quilting.
0,Came really fast and the colors were just what I needed (:
0,Good product.
0,Smooth brush and very good while painting.
0,Love this wax! Great for over chalk paint to give it that antiqued look. One coat is all you need to seal your piece.
0,Love it!  These are adorable.  The images are very well defined.  Super cute and has a nice size.  Love it.
0,Always dependable yarn!  Great color options
0,starter kit for felting
0,Just what I needed to get my 19th Century quilt to stay level with just one nail.
0,These magnetic sheets are exactly what I needed for a good price.  I used them to attach my thin metal dies, and then placed them in a baseball card sheet (4x6), and then placed in a binder.  This is my solution to the costly extra storage packages that are sold to keep your metal dies handy and organized.
0,useful
0,I could totally see this covering the ottoman in my library...or curtains
0,Making detachable bookmarks.
0,Excellent quality product use and trust Beadalon make quality jewelry. Delivery was excellent!
0,has so many uses can help getting correct measurements
0,I am waiting to break these out when I make halloween cards.
0,I use many Folk Art paints and they never fail. This is a beautiful Arctic white - very white, so white it stands out and looks stunning on.
0,The beads were as described and the quality is good.  I recommend them for earrings or bracelets.
0,<div id="video-block-RPVLS7V0KTBYY" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1OFi71%2Br3S.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1eGnPTC5KS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;My daughter is not a great artist but she loves to paint and I love to support her in the things she loves.  I have purchased a lot of acrylic paints for her over the years and she can be quite picky about her paints.  Some brands are too thick, some are too thin and some just don't apply well.	I gave her this set from Element Paints to try out so I could get her opinion on them.  I've attached her video review for your viewing pleasure.	These paints are absolutely beautiful.  The colors are vibrant and the paints are easy to use.  They are easy to handle and work with and go on smoothly.	My daughter is a huge fan of the color mixing chart on the inside of the box.  She can be very exact and analytical and it makes it easy for her to mix colors.  She also loves how well the colors actually mix. They apply beautifully.  She also added water when she wanted to thin the paints out for certain area - and got the exact look she was looking for.  Given her lack of artistic training, I was very impressed with how well these paints worked for her.	Overall, these are the favorite paints that she's used so far.  Again - this is not a professional artist but a little girl who loves to paint - and these work great for her.  The selection of colors is amazing and the paints are high quality.	This product was purchased at a discount in exchange for a honest review.  My honest assessment is that these paints are worth every penny and I would happily pay full price for this.
0,love these for braclets
0,Good product!
0,Since I am so new to cardmaking I have been purchasing items that I think will be a good addition to my collection.  Thank to all companies for so many choices
0,I needed something portable for taking classes at the local university, and this seemed to be exactly what I was looking for.  Even after the small tubes are used up, there is enough room inside to hold many full-sized tubes of paint for future use.
0,LOVE LOVE LOVE
0,This is working out great for the color change with beautiful stripping. Looking for more in more colors. Haven't been disappointed in Lion yarns yet!
0,I absolutely LOVE the Paper Doll Dress Up Cartridge!  I'm a first grade teacher and my theme for my classroom is Camelot.  I was able to make a card with a 3" knight, dragon, and castle for all my boys and a princess, pony, and castle for all my girls.  Then I made the same figures in 12" sizes for my bulletin board.  Now I'm making 5" boys and girls as game pieces.  Fun, fun, fun!
0,Best glue for intricate dies. It stays put!
0,Fits my Portrait perfectly. No dust issues now.
0,work well
0,This is the type of oil recommended for smaller household machinery including sewing machines.		If you're familiar with vintage sewing machines, you no doubt have experienced dried, petrified amber-colored oil that was frequently used at one time.  This dark oil contained solids that form a varnish once it dries and when it dries on moving parts, they no longer move.		This is a far superior product, as it is thin and without the amber-colored solids described above.  It evaporates fairly quickly so it will need to be applied somewhat often depending upon how frequently you sew.  It doesn't stain, is odorless, and is very easy to apply using a very small-spouted applicator.  Mixed with kerosene, this oil makes an excellent solvent to rid a machine of residual oils, grease, and gunk that build up over many years.		While a modern machine needs very little if any oil, a vintage machine with all-metal (or nearly all-metal) innards needs frequent oiling.  One quart of Lily White is a great size for my sewing machine collection and I highly recommend it!
0,I am very happy with the cards. i have used some of them already.
0,This is an important tool if you are making your own clothes. The first one I bought fell off the table and broke so I"m much more careful of this new one. If I could find a metal one I'd get it because this is much too fragile for a hectic sewing room. However the price is nice and it's very detailed. Overall it's a good product, just keep you r eye on it.
0,Very smooth to knit with.
0,Great blender
0,These are nice! They look very cute but it is hard to press into a star at the end without the piece sliding back out because of the texture.
0,Ok
0,I bought one of these in the 80's!!! So glad to find a replacement so now my old one can rest in peace!
0,The hoop is too small
0,I chose this sewing machine after a lot of comparisons to other much more expensive machines. I really only wanted something that would do free motion quilting & the PQ1500s does not disappoint. I had it set up & using it the night it arrived. I do find the needle threader hard to use & it was cutting the thread; maybe I just need more practice. Also speed control would have been a nice feature, but again I'm sure I will get used to that too. The stitches are great & I had no problems with the bobbin. I hope to take my quilting to another level with this machine!
0,I like this brand. I bought the red, white and blue to make coasters with after the new year.
0,I am very happy I bought this brand of electric scissors. I have used them for craft projects on canvas.  I am able to easily cut through 4 layers of cotton canvas requiring the ability to cut curves and turns.  This is my recommendation to anyone cutting through paper & fabric. It comes with a charger and one extra (easy to change blade head).	I have had basil reconstruction surgery on both of my thumbs.  The safety on/off button was a little hard for me to push "on" and pull the cutting trigger at the same time.  But after several hours of use I am able to handle it will enough to follow my created cutting patterns precisely	Because of my arthritic hands I have several cutting tools enabling me to complete all sorts of cutting tasks in all kinds of materials wood to metal. This one is a real winner when it comes to cutting fabric.	Don't push it let the blades do the work.
0,Very satisfied with this yarn, does not shred like other cheaper cotton yarns, nice to work with and the colors and clean and pretty.  I have ordered more of this type.
0,I love these needles and they work beautifully in my Brother machine.  Should they start to wear out I will get more.  Highly recommended.
0,Great customer service.  Came as advertised.  Worked great in completing my knitting project.  Would highly recommend this to a friend.
0,use these alot thanks for a great product
0,These look nice and would work well for light projects. I would prefer a heavier guage but these are fine for most projects. I used the 6mm size, on the ends of necklaces. The one I did not use super glue on streached apart. For that type of project I would recommend solder. (Superglue looks tacky)
0,This was a fun activity for me to do with my 10 and 6 year old kids - they definitely needed my help. They could cut well, but could not sew very well.
0,Wow! These little clips are great! No more pin sticks or pins falling out. Grips firmly through all the layers. Awesome!
0,I purchased this for my 6 year old son as a starter easel. It is durable enough for thin starter canvases, but not too sure about anything large as it does not accommodate larger canvases. Would not recommend for a serious painter, but great for a child starter...
0,Extremely good scissors. They cut thru fabric as if it were butter. Also, if you are cutting something that has adhesive on it such as duct tape, it won't stick to the blades of these scissors.
0,These are better than I thought they would be. They cover and layer as well as some more expensive brands of watercolor paints.	The price is excellent for a quality watercolor set, therefore making it a real bargain for anyone wanting a quality product for an affordable price.
0,Really nice stencil
0,Excellent quality. Super value for money. When compared with genuine machine manufacturer parts, Distinctive parts are almost there. When I say almost, they haven't caused me any trouble, but the quality we get for the price is superb.	It does the job perfectly.
0,This is another purchase I'm pleased with.  This assortment of dowels are smooth and none seem cracked, warped or broken.  The only drawback for me is that the canister is shown with a lid; mine came with the canister packaged in shrink-wrap and without a lid.
0,This is so great to use with my die cutting machine! So much easier to get the little pieces out of the dies!
0,This blanket binding will help us get another 15 years out of our blanket, probably.
0,People will want to buy stuff with a high level of quality .  A special thank you goes to all involved in the planning and preparations and to all those involved .
0,This is a really niffty tool. The metal hooks are super thin AND super strong, so I think this will last a long time.  Very easy to slip the hook through they needle eye, loop your thread and pull thru.  I am so happy I purchased this.
0,Delivered promplty. Item exactly as described. I am very happy with the quality. Easy transaction.
0,I already have a 5x7 book so I knew what to expect with this. Quality is good and I like how it's expandable.
0,I love this product. I use it to cut everything perfectly. I use it for photos, special papers, and other projects. It's really handy to have. Cut your time in half using the Fiskars cutter.
0,Perfect. Just as expected.
0,I couldn't find this size locally. Great product and shipped fast. They are hard to squeeze, but I got one eye done all myself and the other I could get until the last click, and my husband had to push it that last bit. Worked perfect and I would buy these again in any size!
0,A fun accent product!
0,This will help with proper placement.
0,Works great and not difficult to use like some epoxy products.
0,great chain, great deal, large amount
0,My wife loves this item. Now she's stuck to crafting and sewing. Sheesh.
0,Used this for quick connect and disconnect of my various airbrushes.  No leaks and appears to be well made and dependable
0,Does the job. Can use with any stamp that needs support or with my small Gelli plate, which is why I got it.
0,Thanks you  work  very  good !
0,I love my Cricut cartridge, it helps with making cards and crafts much easier. If you're serious about crafting then this is the product for you. This is a great product with super fast delivery.
0,Really sparkle. Made some beautiful bracelets with these and the others I brought. For the Bridesmaids at my Cousin's wedding.
0,According to Ranger there are less fillers so the distress paint dries to a smooth matte finish.	These paints are very, very fluid and water based. It doesn't have that 'acrylic paint' feel to it when it is dry, it's nice and flexible to the touch. Even after adding a few (thin) layers of paint it still maintains that matte, soft finish. Like everything else in the Distress line (inks, markers, pads), these are reactive with water.		All of the Distress Paints are opaque/semi opaque.		They say that they are permanent on many surfaces, but I've found that this isn't the case. I can chip the paint off of different kinds of plastic with just my fingernail. Same thing with glass. On paper, when the paint is dry, you can spray water or try to wipe the paper with a baby wipe, and the paint is permanent.		Pro Tip:	- Putting paint on a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Ranger-15-Inch-by-18-Inch-Inkssentials-Craft-Sheet/dp/B000S17ZAY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Ranger 15-Inch-by-18-Inch Inkssentials Craft Sheet</a>&nbsp;and then dipping a piece of Blending Foam&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Ranger-Inkssentials-Ink-Blending-Tool-with-2-Blending-Foams/dp/B001685FR8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Ranger Inkssentials Ink Blending Tool-with 2 Blending Foams</a>&nbsp;in it (with the applicator) carefully tap it through a stencil for a really awesome effect. It's a great way to add layers to your project.		-Distress paint doesn't stain fingers, I use a baby wipe to wipe off the paint from my fingers.		You know how sometimes colors across different mediums will vary in hue? With this Chipped Sapphire color, it is the absolute same as the markers, distress ink, and re-inker.		Put different colors down on a non-stick craft sheet, spray a little water on it, and then drag your paper through it to get a really cool marbleized/mixing effect.
0,Very SOFT! Velour type feel perfect for scarfs I crocheted for gifts!
0,wonderful
0,This is the perfect craft fiber.  Baby blankets, knitted throws, embroidery projects, dollhouse furniture upholstery... this cotton washes cleanly, dries quickly and dyes evenly.  It does shrink a slight amount, so wash (inside a stuff sack) in hot water and dry on high heat if your outer layer is a cotton or wool blend.
0,Fast delivery. Great experience
0,great price for the variety of paints
0,Ok
0,great quality
0,Nice and flexible. I needed something that would hold a pose and I could sculpt from it. I like the fact that it holds it's pose easy but doesn't collapse when I turn it to view a different angle. The only drawback was having both hands 'curled'. I'm a beginner sculptor so I need all the reference I can get. Other than the hands this is a great reference item for any artist.
0,You'll need this nice refill pack (5 blades total) if you own an Olfa rotary cutter! You can't find this kind of deal anywhere for a 5 pack--trust me, I've looked!!! And for free shipping too? Can't complain!  These are sharp blades that don't dull too easily or fast so depending how much you use your Olfa rotary cutter and for what kind of materials you are cutting, this 5 pack refill should last you a while!
0,Kind of small openings. But made it work .
0,There is no better brand for home crafts than Oracal.  651 is permanent adhesive vinyl suitable for indoor/outdoor use.  We had used it to make car decals, decorate mugs/glasses, and make a variety of other home decor crafts!
0,I recieved this yesterday and it was simple to put together and use. It came with instructions even though its pretty self explanitory. Its very sturdy, attached to my crafting table and it makes winding balls/cakes of yarn so much easier than without. I also found that the cork screw bar fell a lot. It swivels up and pulls out to lock into place and even then mine fell a lot but i just put a piece of tape on it at the base and it doesnt fall anymore.  And i tape the yarn across the top as it was slipping out of the notches but those are the only reasons i didn't give a 5 star review. Very easy fixes.  I also found that with my little bits of leftover yarn i just put a toilet paper tube on the ball winder, tape it down so i can go as fast as i want, snip a small notch in the top of the tube and wind my yarn around that to keep it steady in the middle. I found that i can fit two windings on one tube.
0,The perfect paper and journal for mixed media, drawing, water coloring - whatever. I love my journal!
0,great product
0,I made several bulky cowls this fall and these needles were just fine.  At first I thought the plastic might be slippery but soon realized that wooden needles would be much heavier and so these were perfect for the projects I was doing.
0,I love this mold. I prefer silicone molds for my resin and clay pieces because they are so much easier to remove after casting. For those thinking that this isn't good for pictures, Little Windows has a whole line of products at LittleWindows.com. They have molds that are perfect for pictures and plenty of other tools and accessories. I've watched a lot of their YouTube videos also and they are pros with resin. I definitely recommend this product.
0,How come I never knew about this.. WoW, this is way cool
0,Cute calendar stickers.
0,Although these were not originally what I was after and ended up with them by accident I am pleasantly surprised with them. I like them and can recommend them to colourists that like using watercolours. They are easy to use and apply well.
0,Sweet patch love it ty.
0,I have been using the Martha Stewart Crafts Craft Station for a few weeks now and so far I haven't found a negative on it.  I have cut card stock using the cutter which cuts perfect, just make sure you put pressure on it if your using card stock.  The ruler slides easy and what is so helpful is that you clamp both ends down to hold the paper tight so it won't slip.  I really like the lights on it to dry emboss.  I slide the ruler onto my cardstock to hold it in place while I emboss.  I really liked the flower border to emboss across the bottom of my cards.  I have used the other ones also for a embellishment on cards.  Tracing a pattern is easy too, just have to have a steady hand.  It took me a few tries and different markers to trace the pattern onto a card.  My gel markers smeared so I use markers that don't smear and the cards look so much better.  I have traced some journaling tags to use on cards and scrapbooking which look great!  It is fast to emboss, tracing takes a little more time.  This is a fun craft station because you have the cutter plus the embossing tool handy to use.  The light on the craft station makes it so easy to see where your tracing and embossing.  Watch the DVD on how to change the blade, the instructions are straight forward also.  I haven't used the exacto knife yet but will when I find a need.  I'm happy that I have this craft station and it will get a lot of use.  All in all this is a wonderful tool!!
0,my favorite tape runner gun!  this is a replacement for one (original red one) that I had for about 10 yrs.  I broke it after I dropped it and the cover cracked.  I could've fixed it, but I really wanted this pretty pink one instead.
0,Gouache in pans?  I'm not sure but I love the result.		Man, I hate the word count requirement on these reviews.  I would do more reviews except for that.
0,I purchased theseto replace the cheapy wooden ones I had purchased. Love that you have the ability to adjust the size on these. They glide easily thru the yarn without snagging. The locking system is secure and smooth.
0,I like these scissors alot. they are very helpful then most scissors that i used. Though I am still getting used to them.	I would recommend them.
0,This was my first soap mold and am thrilled with it. I have used in numerous times and it holds up to the heat of melt and pour as well as cold process soaps. It is easy to clean and my soaps come out easily.
0,Great
0,love love love these just what i needed for my cut wok
0,not sure what size paper width I should use. or how long it should be. Guess I will try several lengths and widths - experiment
0,Shipping quite fast.......Quality appears good.	Nice to be able to purchase on line instead of facing the barrage of items in fabric/craft stores that bombard you and make it difficult to even locate such a small item.	The convenience plus quality makes this a win-win purchase for me.
0,Great product!
0,Excelent
0,At $9.97 & FREE Shipping on orders over $35.this was cheapest per ounce,  though i see Aleene's OK to Wash-It 4oz at $3.68 & FREE Shipping on orders over $35, which may be a better buy, though i am not sure of the difference btwn the 2 kinds.		But it has worked well for me on jeans, thank God. Saves sewing (and last longer than Gorilla tape)  and has survived very hot washes.  I think it is best to let a good bead of the cement to sit for 15 minutes  before putting together.
0,Great buy for jewelry making.
0,I put a few drops in the color mix when creating acrylic pouring.  Very, very, nice effect.
0,So far very good. The colors are nice and bright, and smooth writing.
0,Great color!
0,Wow this rocks! A game changer and evolution from scissors, I use mine all the time.
0,Again, sculpey provides a wonderful tool for clay artist.  What I love the most about the hollow bead maker is that you can put this tray into the oven and bake the clay right on it.  For me, this was a wonderful added bonus when making multiple beads.  I would suggest using a release agent with this tool when you are making beads especially if you are not baking directly on the tray.  In all honesty, this tool takes a little practice to use, but well worth the money to make hollow beads.  In the beginning, it takes some time to make sure the clay is in contact with the dome all the way around, but once you make a couple it is easy peasy.  Overall, a wonderful addition to bead making and I would highly recommend this product.
0,I Love this yarn it makes into a great shaw!
0,Beautiful, cool blue! Do not look dyed, I'm very happy! Just like the pictures! I'm ordering more!
0,I never thought I would need tweezers for sewing, but you do with a serger and these work well for me.  Arrived right on time and in great packaging.
0,GOOD PRODUCT. LIGHT WEIGHT. GREAT PRICE. TIME WILL TELL IF IT IS DURABLE.
0,Great stamp!  Clear and sharp image!
0,I love these stamps!!! Would order again!!! Delivery was faster than expected!!
0,Pleased with the look.
0,Very handy, good size to manage while sewing.
0,Nice little  charms  to be used in making necklaces.  They would end up being pulled  off of a bracelet.
0,This needle threader is for embroidery or tapestry needles, which have a long, narrow eye. Most threaders pull two sides of the thread and the width of the threader itself through the eye of the needle CROSSWISE to the opening. That can be fine for a single strand of slender thread, but not for the decorative, thick, multistranded  or textured threads and yarns used in embroidery and decorative stitching. This threader is oriented PARALLEL to the eye of the needle, so any thread that will fit in the eye will be happy to be pulled through. No more fighting  or broken threads and threaders! Good product, Clover; Thanks!
0,Very nice and cute. I like it.
0,Lol, come on, its a blade....works great.
0,Nice little set of pens for play, adult coloring books, basic story-boarding....
0,ok for wha I use it for
0,great product
0,just what I needed
0,Ahhh.  What a relief not to burn my fingertips while crafting.
0,haven't used just yet but am preparing to do so.  I'm sure they won't disappoint, as all the other dies I have are wonderful.
0,Nifty tool.  I gave it a 4 start because it blows too hot for some of the things I use it for in my art.  I wish there was a way to regulate the heat. With some of the glues that I do use if the glue is over heated, then it compromises the strength of the glue.  All in all it's a great tool.
0,Makes a great background
0,Awesome!
0,Great stamps!!!!
0,I like it but would liked to have seen it be including more ideas. Its a great starter book and gives you the basics. Tell her to write one to follow this with more suggesions.
0,Pretty colors, but had quite a few crushed ones in the closed packaging. I was quite surprised by the broken or crushed ones
0,bought for a friend. He liked it.
0,Nice embellishment kit.  Little of everything and great for cards.
0,ok
0,Excellent
0,great tool
0,So fun to use with even more fun and amazing results.  I love all Dylusions and Dyan Reaveley's products - all exceptional!!
0,love it... sturdy and fexible.
0,Goid bussiness n nice product. Good protection but a little dirty on the wood n i have to clean it.
0,I love then best ones I have.
0,Great dies. After I cut the sleigh out I was able to emboss it.
0,This Hemp Cord is so much better than the plastic cord I used to use. It's strong and durable and easy to work with.
0,Turns out so pretty
0,Lovely brushes - they come to a point and have spring to them.
0,This is actually easy to use; sure does bring out the etched letters
0,good price
0,Great tool for my quilting.....
0,Great product, great price! One thing I particularly like is that the non fusible side can safely be ironed on high heat (i.e., it doesn't melt onto the sole plate), which is helpful when the fabric it is being fused to cannot (such as a vinyl or leather)
0,This is great dye. I use it regularly for all sorts of household projects and craft work.
0,Good for your knit fabrics. I like the quality. They come in packages of all one size and  there are 10 per package.
0,No directions enclosed so you have to go to their website for instructions and ideas for projects. I purchased these for a craft project to do with my 12yr old niece. The opaque black used as leaded lines (sold in the 8oz. Bottle) was rather big, hard to hold, and the hole was large and the line it made was wide which made it hard to create crisp lines/details. (Shaky hands don't help either) I will purchase a smaller bottle with smaller hole to fill with the black and use. The colors are in smaller bottles that are easier to hold and use. We had a hard time with details and a bit of a challenge to avoid air bubbles and get it fairly smooth. The dried finished product is a bit rubbery....kind of like fabric paints. We tried painting on rounded votive cups which was very challenging. I would suggest using a flat surface for a first project and avoid designs with details smaller than a quarter of an inch. It takes following the directions, using a well planned design and practice to get the results you want.
0,Was very pleased. Color was perfect match and I finished my afghan.
0,You get a lot for your money. I have made a lot of bracelets so far and I still have plenty of wire left.
0,A reviewer's sample was received for test and evaluation purposes. I have always been fond of  fountain pens; they improve my penmanship and I tend to write very differently with a nice, expressive nib.  The only time I tried a dip pen was many moons ago, but the quality was nothing like these two beautiful hand-made pens from Daveliou.  Their balance in the hand makes writing with them delightfully pleasant and effortless.		The presentation box is lovely; the ink bottles are embedded in foam and the holders and spare nibs are held firmly in place with elastic loops.  The wooden pen (made of birch) is plain in design but feels great to hold and there is the option to change the nib to suit your mood and project.  The extra nibs are numbered from 1 to 5, with #1 being the largest and very wide indeed; they offer a full range of options for calligraphy.  The glass pen is absolutely gorgeous and visually stunning.  The one I was sent has a fixed nib, but in the more recent sets, the glass pen has been upgraded to also accept different nibs.		The very informative booklet offers tips on how to improve or develop your penmanship, and gives interesting historical background and examples of some of the most popular calligraphy styles.  In response to suggestions from us early testers, Daveliou have now included tips for beginners like me about the kit components including the correct technique for changing nibs.  I found removing the original nib a bit difficult the first time, and was afraid of damaging it since it is delicate, but in the end a firm tug did the trick and changing nibs became gradually easier.  Also I discovered that to prime the nibs the tips should be passed quickly over a flame a few times, just enough to melt the protective coating, but not so that the metal becomes red.  Finally, since I know that ink and paint are affected by changes in temperature and pressure during shipping, I removed the plastic stoppers from the ink bottles with great care, using a paper tissue and over the sink, just in case.		As is painfully obvious from my photos, I have no experience of calligraphy and, just trying out the pens and inks, I can see that a fair bit of practice is necessary to achieve good results, but it is a fascinating skill that I will be pursuing.  If not for yourself, this beautiful set would make a delightful gift.		UPDATE:  My original review has been revised to reflect all the improvements made to this calligraphy set since my initial testing of the sample.
0,The paper is a bit thin, it doesn't cover up (if used as wrapping paper) but it is super strong!
0,I have been very pleased with this purchase.  the item arrived on time even during the Christmas season. I would recommend this item.
0,Odorless and works great.
0,Easy setup and sturdy!  Great for small to medium canvasses!  Students love these!  Great price!!
0,I found needle tatting and love it. I tried shuttle tatting and it was just not for me- my hands are too clumsy and numb to keep juggling a shuttle around. As for this set, generally the smaller needles are what I use but the large ones are really fun. I made a few jumbo split ring tatted necklaces with chunky yarn and they were pretty cute.		For a beginner the large needles and some thick thread or yarn would probably be best since the thin needles tend to bend/warp and the thread being smaller makes it a little more difficult to see what is going on.		That said- I use the smaller ones so much more but regardless I'm so glad I got a pack of the larger needles to expand on my collection.
0,The order was processed and shipped promptly.  I could not find this particular bobbin after purchasing my new Singer until I went on-line.  The bobbins do fit well, but the centers are a tight fit for rewinding.  The centers (of the bobbin) do widen and become easier to put on the rewinding stem with repeated use.  I can now find these bobbins at most fabric stores/sections.  The bobbins from the stores are not a tight fit.
0,Perfect sashing!
0,I've had this machine for a few months and obviously haven't used every option on it, but my most recent project was oval placemats for a Xmas gift my sister asked for. I bought a set of plastic place mats for a starter of a pattern, (no patterns found online for the oval ones), I outlined one on the inside of a Bud Light Beer case (cardboard), so I didn't have to go buy a cardboard poster board. I added a 1/4" to my outline and cut my pattern template out. From the pattern template I used disappearing ink and traced my pattern onto the fabric and cut out the mats and (stuffing). I sewed all 3 together by using the serging option to seal the edges. I trimmed the placemats with bias tape (easy peasy)! Then I used a funny seam choice, I don't know the name of the seam, but I call it the drunk driving stitch because it weaves back and forth. I used the "drunk driving" stitch, (hence the name came from the bud light cardboard!). to create a continual circular involving stitch to "poof" the mats and finish them. My sister has emailed me numerous times on the mats and has called to tell me about all the compliments she has gotten about them!	I have an industrial machine that I regularly use for marine vinyl and leather products and also have an old Singer simple machine that I used to use for quilts, this machine has inspired my husband to stop making boat cushions and now he wants to steal this machine from me to make Baby Bopper Covers! I might have to purchase another one of these! (Pray for me)! LOL
0,creates bright sharp lines and markings on fabric...so far I've used it on wool and fleece and I am extremely pleased with the results. The best part is it's really gentle on the fabric, it doesn't tug it just rolls right on.
0,Work well
0,Great addition to my alcohol ink collection. Tips are harder and sometimes covers get stuck and when they get unstuck, the whole pen is open with ink cartridge exposed. But for the price, the colors are great and the effect is about the same as Copic. Love this pastel collection.
0,Easy to use! and I love how sparkly they are!  It is compact and easy to store as well. Thank you
0,The white pigment ink stamps so well. It can be applied thinly for a suble stamp, or a bit thicker for a true white. It does lighten a bit as it dries. It worked perfectly for stamping snowflakes on our Holiday cards.
0,A very nice assortment of paintbrushes and sponge brushes.
0,This set works beautifully in creating what I need!
0,Great product. Easy to use for crafty projects.
0,I love Red Heart yarn for my crocheting projects. Yarn is good quality and color is consistent. I ordered this yarn from Amazon, as an add on item and got free shipping, which made it affordable to send as a gift.
0,This trim is heavy and looks great on the bottom of slips. Using a heavy lace trim like this keeps slips from creeping up as you walk and adds an elegant touch to plain slips.
0,Beautiful, deep, dark, black, black ink!  Dries and is watercolor-ready pretty quickly. Ideal for travel sketchbooks.
0,the Polystar thread colors are beautiful and vibrant!! the hoops are just the right size and I am really excited to use them
0,This is my favorite brand of resin. And even though I expected it to be a bit bigger when it came, I'm still happy I purchased this brand. Very high quality :)
0,Great fabric!  Very happy with transaction
0,I really like this large pin cushion and its so much more stable than my small one.
0,Great
0,Very good quality
0,I just love this silver flower wrap is so pretty and sparkles very nicely. Can be easily cut with scissors and added to just about anything. This is my second roll.
0,*****	I love my new snips--they are light, sharp, sturdy, and lock easily. I use them only for light gardening use, primarily floral. They are most handy for trimming all of the flowers my husband brings in from the garden in summer. I am ordering another because I am so pleased with them, and want one for outside and one for inside the house. They are comfortable to hold because of the padded handle. They are smaller than I'd thought but so far they've handled every job I've done with them. I am being careful with them and not using them for heavy pruning (I have pruners for this). I think that if you want some inexpensive quality snips you'll be very pleased with these.		Highly recommended.	*****
0,Best paint for crafting and really good price on Amazon. I add a little water now and then to keep it from drying out.
0,Wonderful yarn as always. The colors are true and the yarn is soft yet sturdy. No matter what color you pick, you can't go wrong.
0,Very pleased with my purchase.
0,I have always disliked clumsy hard thimbles. Discovering this one has saved me many holes in my fingers
0,Love them! Nice size and strong material
0,The first one I used didn't last long .It skipped so I put a new one in and it is fine. Very sharp and easy to use.  I don't know what happened to the first one but if it doesn't last I will be in touch
0,The colors are so vibrant.  So much better than regular chalk or dry erase markers.  Great value.  I used these for announcements for our church on an easel.  They show up great and can be seen from the road.
0,An excellent set!
0,Strongly made
0,Fantastic to find a well crafted pencil case as most are made for children and school children. Doing design work its nice to be able to bring pencils that aren't being removed from a neon pouch with unicorns or tigers.
0,Wife used it with some craft projects.
0,I use beeswax to harden the soap I make, not for its fragrance, looks, color or any other beeswaxy attributes that may exist. So naturally I was leery of trying it in such an easy- to- measure format. Im used to scraping/ bashing a concrete- like block to get the chunks I need, to harden my soap to a rock-like consistency. I didn't know if pellets would perform as well as beeswax shards, because I wasn't sure if they were actual pellets of beeswax, or if theyd been somehow chemically modified, like wood stove pellets used to be part of a tree, till they ended up in a factory for compressing, chemical modification and transformation into something almost completely different. But I bought these anyway, interested in the ease of measuring them in this state vs scraping, unsure if I'd actually end up using them or not.	Then tragedy struck and I ran out of my rock-like hunks of beeswax, what to do?! Oh yeah try these things.	I absolutely LOVED- I cant think of a stronger word- how incredibly, life changingly easy they were to measure, WOW! I am so anal with my oil measurements, that making soap is SO much less fun now than it used to be before I got my scientific scale that weighs ingredients to the hundredth of a gram. A naturally semi- time consuming part of soap making became more so now that I can scrutinize and monitor how much each drip, drab and drop weighs. Adding to the time Ive naturally burdened myself with (instead of my old, its close enough, so who cares philosophy of measurement and weight) , peeling off eyelash-width scrapings of beeswax isn't a fast process either, making all of it almost too laborious to bother with.	Measuring these made me wish everything came in pellets, even liquid oils!	Because even more important than the incredible ease of measuring, I learned the very first batch I used them in that pellets have the same exact qualities as the hard to work with chunks!! Fresh from the mold, My slippery, stupid hands dropped the entire 2# soap loaf Id just carefully unmolded before I could rest it on its drying rack. I had not even completed uttering my obscenity when it hit the floor HARD. Convinced Id broken off all the cute little details, I was shocked to see everything- every corner, every swirly appendage, every fake ocean wave on top was fully intact, as if my hands hadnt been stupid and slippery 2 seconds earlier! Wow! A panic inducing test for sure, but I am really glad I know that I can highly recommend this product now!
0,I received my order promptly and I am pleased with the array of colors for the most part. I would have liked to receive some red and black, but for the price I am happy.	I am disappointed in the length. While the tape itself is over 9", the zipper is only 8". I've attached a picture of a purple 7" zipper purchased at Hobby Lobby and a pink zipper received in my order from YAKA. As you can see,  the HL zipper is true to it's advertised length but the YAKA zipper is 1" shorter than advertised.	It's still a great value for the quantity.
0,This will meet my needs perfectly!
0,It is an excellent product, I recommend
0,Nice size, and fun to travel with! The paper cover comes off and exposes a nice, simple, brown cover.
0,If you're into any kind of stamping, this item is a "must have" in your supplies.  I need to get more.
0,I never seem to have enough bobbins
0,Great palette for my watercolor paints.  Sturdy and its just the perfect size.
0,excellent !!!!
0,Works very well for heating up metal and soldering silver and copper.
0,Tomboy MONO is my favorite permanent adhesive for all my craft projects.  The handy dispenser is remarkable and can be used for refills which are less expensive than the new applicator.  These are easily carried to class without messing up the adhesive..easy see thru applicator to know when needs refill..closes when not in use..ergonomically made for the hand..I recommend these to all crafters.
0,These are great pens,this is the 6th time I have brought these pens. The glitter is so sparkly and the colors are so bright.
0,First one was bent up-  returned for new one was still a little bent but kept
0,These crosses are very beautiful!  They are exactly as they are pictured Thank you..
0,Love Spellbinders, but I haven't made a box card yet that looks right to me.  So I guess I'll keep playing with it.
0,I absolutely love love these markers I buy them all the time.
0,The knitting needles were exactly as I expected.  Right size and smooth.  Very happy with them especially since they were the only ones I did not have in my collection
0,Complete kit to keep your airbrush clean.
0,Light weight, consistent results.  Basic machine, but does a nice job.  Fits perfectly in a thirty one bag.
0,Love the new thinlits poppy flower die.  It is best to use a magnetic base so that the dies don't slip off. Only drawback is that you do have to run the dies through three times to get enough for a single flower.
0,Karen Foster Designs again and they are great. Wish you could see the dance pages I did with these papers.
0,I ordered these Fisker deckle edge scissors to create a handmade paper edge on my holiday watercolor paintings.  They worked great.  Smooth cutting and worked continuously.  I had another brand of deckle edge scissors and they were too flimsy to cut a nice clean edge, especially if the paper had any sort of thickness.
0,An excellent bonding tool for you and your child to create a memory-filled book!  Fun and easy to use!
0,great accessory
0,This item was exactly as I expected.  It shipped very quickly and I can see more uses for Mod Podge in the future.
0,I wouldn't buy this machine for heavy use, but it works fine for most sewists.  I am happy with it, except the thread cutter no longer cuts every time and the needle threader can be a pain to get it to work every time.  Machine runs nice and quiet.
0,How did I ever get along in my crocheting without these handy little markers?!  Love them.  Nor more slipping stitches or wrong counts.
0,These are a life saver if you have to bury a ton of threads in a quilt which is primarily what I bought them for.  What I have found is that they are convenient for so many things.  Anytime I need to sew something quick, i.e. a button, I reach for these.  My 42 year old eyes have just enough trouble now with regular threading needles that the convenience of these is wonderful.		One caution, if the thread isn't seated completely, it will shred your thread.  It's absolutely user error when that has happened to me so just a quick fyi.
0,work great love them will order more soon love them
0,Good color and quality for wrapping!
0,These knit wonderfully!
0,Very organized little gem. I've purchased so many different ones, American made, Japanese, Korean, etc. this is my favorite one so far. My pens and pencils aren't a jumbled mess. Easy to access.
0,Item as described, works fine.
0,This mat is great for cutting fabric for quilting.  I use a rotary cutter and so far the surface of the cutting mat is still in excellent shape.  The self-healing really works, at least with a rotary cutter.  The back side of the mat is dark gray with light gray markings, which is nice to have as an option.  The mat is nice and flat - it shipped rolled up but after a day of laying on the floor it's back to normal.
0,These markers are okay. They will work perfect for if you want them for coloring books but for art they are just okay. That is if you want to do art work just in marker. That is what I originally got them for but they work well with combining them with watercolor. It's nice that this set varies in colors and the colors are very vivid. What bothers me about these is that the end of the marker falls apart and you have little pieces stuck on the paper; that is my main problem with these.		Edit:	After using them a while longer I really like using these for watercolor combination. They bleed when adding water over them and the colors mix pretty well. The face portrait was completely done with these markers. I added water over them to make them bleed as well as blend.
0,Great for my Christmas cards - used embossing powder and they popped. Pleased with them - used these with the Heavens Rejoice and Greatest gifts stamps
0,Great product great service
0,Very nice fabric.  I have been using it to make ornaments and magnets and it is working great.  The colors are very nice and have a great "country" feel to them.  The pieces are very uniformly cut.
0,Very colorful wt comfy handles. No complaint.  Love it...
0,If nothing else, it keeps the platform and plates handy but out of the way.  Plenty of storage room for the tools you use most.
0,Very good acrylic paint, Covers very well in the wood and the bes thing is that you can cloth clean it without damaging the paint.  I bought this brand in several colors.
0,I am fairly new to stamping and I had purchased a couple stamping blocks.  So wasn't sure that I really neede these.  But I have used them a lot and appreciate the assortment of sizes.  I was afraid since they are kind of thin that they would be awkward to use.  But that hasn't been a problem.
0,great product
0,I have just started knitting and received this set as a gift.  I like having all the different sizes.  I've been able to use them as straight, round, and extra long round needles capable of doing the "magic loop" knitting.  I highly recommend them.
0,This is a great easel, sturdy enough to use for plain air (if the wind is too strong, you probably wouldn't be able to control your materials anyway). I used to use a Weber Martin Integra easel, which is a couple pounds heavier. Since I really like the crossbar on that easel, I replaced the one that came with this new one (called Laguna, btw) with the Integra crowbar. They both have a foldout hook for water, a foldout strip to hold brushes, but the Integra has a couple upside down hooks for a tray or palette. Of course, the Laguna has setup for watercolor, which is great. It takes very little time to set up this easel and it is easily adjustable. I am very happy with my new easel!
0,wonderful
0,Nice Canvas panels
0,Somehow these scissors landed in my stocking gift pile. Well, I depend on my Scotch titanium scissors all the time. I couldn't wait to see how Fiskars compares. They have quite the reputation.		So far, so good. The handles are rubberized on the inner portion for a solid grip. The blades come together throughout. Construction is solid. It feels stiffer than my Scotch scissors. There is a screw that could probably be loosened with the proper tool, but that tool is not the standard screwdriver. I'm guessing this will loosen with time.		I'm cutting all sorts of things around the office. One of the big things I do is cutting through and popping those balloon cushions that come in all the Amazon boxes. I know a scissor is dull when it can't cut it. I've had some that won't. Fiskars does it with ease.
0,This is my 2nd Big Shot, after 6+ years and millions of crankings, I wore out my first one.  Loved it, love this one.
0,I used these for a rubbing project so I needed them nice and thin. I placed the sheets over 1/8" thick magnets and had the kids run soft oil pastel over to produce nice, visible rubbings of sight words.
0,Yummy feel, very nice to work with.  Beautiful finish. Tolerant of rip outs ;-/	(Learning Celtic crochet so, well, had to rip out and re crochet a few rows.  A couple times ;-/  )
0,Find the metal a little slippery, but shape helps, works well. Biggest plus is they are very strong, and i haven't been able to snap one in my hand, which happens all too often with plastic.
0,These are awesome!
0,leather needles
0,We have a large painted chalkboard in our classroom.  As it's painted onto drywall, it's obviously not a mirror smooth surface.  There is a warning on the box about testing first, and we did.  On our board, if we wipe it clean within a few hours it comes right off.  I left a small doodle up for a few days and had a hard time scrubbing it off. The colors are vibrant and they write very cleanly.  We love them but we always make sure not to leave them for an extended time.
0,Received , and it's ok
0,I always use crackle balls and I can never get enough of them!
0,For my first set of watercolor brushes these are working well. Decent price and sturdy. Very good for my needs. The assortment gives me enough variety and I love the case.
0,Not sure if you would like to needlepoint?		This is a nice little kit that will teach you the basics without costing and arm and a leg.
0,Loved this yarn...I should have purchased more than one in the first place...it is after all Lion Brand.  I have always loved their yarns...I just did not know how much a skein would make...well...I made a scarf that was 42" long and 5" wide with one skein...need another one for a matching hat.  Definately will buy this again...and it came in the mail quickly!
0,I bought this to use as a card organizer, but the slots weren't wide enough. I decided to keep it and I am very happy with its performance as a picture organizer!
0,Bought a 2nd one; bigger size- endless uses
0,Purchased as a Christmas present
0,Worked great on my thread
0,I bought these for special project, hoping they would offer a little something special to the design.		They are easy to work with and have just enough shimmer to them without looking gaudy.  Nice!
0,Fantastic
0,Sturdy. Earth magnets? Can't wait to use them.
0,Very handy tool. Makes getting designs in the right place a lot easier.
0,The very best quality from Fiskars. Reccomended!
0,Good quality and luster.  One minor concern is that you cannot verify that they are really lead-free, cadmium-free, and nickel-free.
0,really like these bobbin boxes because the bobbins are tight enough that if the box is dropped the bobbins do not fall out
0,I purchased this box to organize my embroidery thread and wanted a separate container each for the polyester, rayon, and cotton. Although it does not hold all the larger spools side by side, it works great for my needs. I am happy with the fact that it keeps the dust off and I can see through it to tell which box I need to pull out. I will be purchasing more of them.
0,This is genius, I love the interchangeable blades and the ease of switching them. The entire unit is light weight when connected and convenient to use separately when there is little space to work with.
0,This gadget is fantastic. I was making a quilt that has veritical rows and had two of the lengthwise seams that needed to be ripped, each seam being 64 inches. I was so discouraged, I have numerous problems with my hands, one of them is currently in a brace, that I knew it would brake days for metro get those seams out by hand. The next day I saw this product on a quilting blog and knew I had to try it. WOW, I had those seams out in minutes, no sore hands, no torn material, no tears of frustration. I was able to start using it right out of the package, it is so SIMPLE to use. I love it and would definitely buy again and HIGHLY RECOMMEND to every that sews, I promise you will never go back to the old ripper.
0,Great! Just as expected!
0,Works well with all my cling stamps. Easy to clean and line up.
0,I had seen this product on a video and was excited about the possibilities. Once I tried it I was even more excited. I highly recommend this item for quilters, seamstresses and any one who is into fabric arts. It works great!
0,Very nice quality and great finishes for Leather working.  I will be buying again when needed.
0,Elegant and gorgeous die.  Love it!
0,A little goes a long way! This tube is perfect for a someone who won't be using it as often as a real artist would. The formula seems to dry out quick if left exposed to air so working fast is a must. It also stains plastic palettes. Overall, would repurchase.
0,Perfect for capturing those special moments in a book.
0,awesome for those tough materials, and to avoid puncturing a thumb!
0,Beautiful
0,Great tool, best tool I've bought in a long time. Easy to use. Makes perfect rings.
0,These pens are lovely for drawing and come in a variety of colors.
0,I bought this for embroidery.  While thinner than I anticipated, it will work for what I need.  I'm happy with my purchase.
0,Works great!  Love this embossing pen.
0,great for crafting
0,pretty beads and sturdy box
0,Great fun!!
0,Good quality. Excellent product for the price!
0,like this for bottle caps, nicely pack and durable, will definitely order more in the future if the price stays low.
0,Bright White and a Great Price.
0,Great for squaring corners and useven of 1/4 inch measuring.
0,Considering how things are made today, this is an acceptable product.  In the 60's this had metal pieces inside so it kept your needles and pins sharp, but todays version has the shavings only in the small "strawberry" part.  The big part seems to be Fiberfill.  I doubt anyone makes the old fashion kind anymore.
0,Review by Mrs Mara:	The Carrying case for my 2277 model Singer just arrived and I was happy to see that the machine fits into it perfectly, with toom to spare for the foot pedal, the manual for the machine and a couple of other small things. The case looks very sturdy and I'm not surprised that it's a best-seller! Another purchase that I'm thrilled with!
0,good value
0,I really enjoyed using these gloves.  They were comfortable and lightweight and made machine quilting so much easier.	Wish I had purchased a pair long before now.  I highly recommend.
0,Purchased this product after seeing it used in an journaling tutorial.  Since then I've used it in my	art journal, on tages, and cards.  Very nice, easy to use
0,Easy to use
0,Bought these pins to compliment message cards about intolerance!  Nicely made. Rich gold color.  Worn with pride and social conscience.
0,I use these tools for carving clay and they work amazing! Many different types of tools that all come in handy. Wish I would have bought them sooner!
0,Squirrel is a great bristle for watercolor brushes; this offering by da Vinci has joined my others, because of its versatility and ability to hold paint. Tip is very fine on this, moreso than some of my other similar brushes. It's fairly easy to clean, but a little extra care is need to keep the wood from warping and splitting. Recommended.
0,I'm in love with this embossing folder. It's so beautiful and I loved the size. It's perfect for cards. Thanks Spellbinders
0,good product
0,As someone who is always doing projects in watercolor and acrylic it is great to have a tray that allows you to easily mix colors and doesn't take forever to clean. Chameleon's palette painting tray is just perfect for this, and you are able to lay out just the colors you need, with plenty of room for mixing and  experimenting with combinations.		Afterwards you just use a little soapy water to clean up the tray and you are all done. Just right for artists of all levels, this tray is a perfect addition to your art supplies.
0,Very fancy, quality pencils for drawing. My son loved them, and uses them daily.
0,I purchased two of the bobbin cases.  They are well made and I can keep all my bobbins well organized.
0,:)
0,exactly as expected
0,Exceptional quality and beautiful colors!
0,Exactly as described. They work just fine.
0,green i will be using them to make my Christmas trees and other stuff and i will be telling all of my friends about you
0,Great zippers! Never buy them at the fabric store again- they are the same quality but WAY less expensive!
0,Arrived as expected and excellent product.
0,I love my loaf cutter.  I have used it, an it was easy to use.  The price was very comparable to others I had looked at.
0,love it
0,I have bought a lot of these. Very nice paints.
0,These dies are awesome, and the cut outs are made easy with my thin die adapter and vintaj.
0,Amazing colored pencils - love them. Blend easily. Outstanding quality!	These are fabulous for any artist.
0,Cute little die for Christmas crafts!  Cuts well and clean!
0,Fun stamp, a little smaller than I was expecting
0,Great
0,Perfect!
0,Bought this as a christmas present for my wife ... had a wee bit of a time trying to figure out how to use this puppy - the printed instructions which came with it are semi useless - "ok" in showing how to thread the thing - but useless on how to actually use the thing - thankfully - YouTube has about a zillion+ video's on how these silly things work - spun up a half dozen thread "cakes" & the cakes do come out perfect for her crocheting - so - she's happy = happy wife = happy life :)
0,Price was great, arrived quickly, I found that this braid raveled most easily than other I have used but it was easy to work with and looked great on the chair I reupholstered.
0,These are beautiful! I bought these as a "go between" set of pastels. I already owned PanPastels, Unisons, CarbOthello Stabilos, and Koh-i-noors. I wanted a set that actually has a medium consistency. These fit the bill. Although they are billed as a soft pastels, they are harder than Senneliers and Schmickes. They work well on velvety velour paper. (The really soft pastels do not.) That is what I wanted. These will be used mostly for underpaintings and backgrounds.
0,my granddaughter will love it, fast shipping
0,These are beautiful! Love the texture & the colors are strikingly pigmented.
0,This is a beautiful stamp set. Owned it for just a short while and have used it many, many times.
0,I really like this little set. It's really cute and I discovered some features on it that I didn't realize came with it. I have only tested it, haven't actually used it on any of my art yet.
0,Exactly as pictured
0,I prefer Premo clays for my projects
0,Great
0,A very good product for the price. I used it to draw up the plans for a house using a small drafting table. It is light, but sturdy.
0,Item was a Christmas gift & greatly enjoyed.
0,My husband was tired of having my balls of yarn rolling all over the room, so these took care of that annoyance.  Also, I do a lot of double yarn knitting and these help keep the two strands from getting tangled and making a huge knotted mess.  I'll probably order the large ones also to used with bulkier 5 and 6 gauge yarns.
0,works great
0,Love these dies, use them a lot.
0,Prompt delivery and as advertised.  Given the fact that each color is packaged in a little cello bag, I have put them all in a little plastic organizer.  Perfect!
0,Lovely, rich colors.
0,I used these on just about everything i make from holsters to masks and more.  I love working with my hands and making things that i know i can use or sale to others
0,very good
0,great little mold with a good price.  will order another very soon.
0,Great product, just as described.  Fast shipping.
0,These are very nice and pretty sharp. I use them specifically for yarn but they are much stronger and suited for all types of cutting.
0,I used to buy the expensive needles but these last way longer and are just a good!!
0,I LOVE this thing. I've wanted a serger for years and finally just said "screw it" and got one. I don't know why i've gone so long without one. Pillow case in minutes! I haven't had any issues so far. Threading wasn't bad.
0,Very nice quality produce and price! Very nice clean cut out!
0,Very pretty designs in the beads. Excited to see what we can do with them.
0,Love the color and Perfect for hats! Very true to color. Would order again
0,She's adorable! What's not to like? Stamps beautifully.
0,Perfect
0,Good quality and value
0,These were priced very well and I used them right away.  I will be back for more. Thanks for getting them to me so quickly too!
0,This works so well and I love it best with the June Taylor rulers.  Fantastic product!!
0,Great variety of construction paper, plenty of colors and good quality too. A +++
0,Love this product.  It one the best adhesive.
0,This looks absolutely amazing! It ads color to kind of bland yarn and softens the super bright, in your face yarn.
0,Just like the latch hook projects I remembered working on as a kid! My step-daughter chose this design and I'm going to make it into a throw pillow for her bead. Fun and sooooooooo easy to do in front of the TV.
0,THESE ARE EASY TO USE AND VERY STURDY FOR TEMPLATE SHEETS AS I USE THEM IN MY QUILTING.
0,I love these pens, but I warn you that you had better use them and not let them sit around for too long because they will dry out.
0,These are very nice crimping pliers, They are working well for my projects.
0,these are the cutest birds ever!
0,I love Sizzix products and these do not disappoint. Great quality and they work so well.
0,These Tunisian Afghan Bamboo Crochet Hooks are perfect... Smooth, lightweight with a great variety of sizes to choose. Beautifully crafted. I have to say this is my first experience using Bamboo crochet hooks of any kind and the bamboo hooks from HI-BOOM were/are a wonderful first time experience. Treat yourself to a set of these hooks, you won't be sorry.
0,I am making wedding program fans and I needed these for the "handles." they are just as pictured, big enough for handles and arrived quickly.	thanks!
0,Really works...making a ying yang quilt and this is making it so much easier.
0,I love the Clover hooks, I now have a full set of them. They help so much with fatigue in my hands. Definitely recommond!!
0,Item is as described. It fits all of my crochet needles in one organized nice case. I love the feel of the case, it is soft and very pleasant to look at. I would order another one if I find I need one. Very happy with this product.
0,Thank you
0,I've been using these in place of my bamboo needles and they are great.  There are some needles that aren't as smooth as I'd like, but for the price, you can't go wrong!
0,Nice!
0,Always nice to have the grid for lining up the stamps.
0,Very Nice
0,These sheets flow easily through the printer when working with a quilt that is going to be paper-pieced.  Easy to stitch through and, after removing most of the paper, simply washes away in the first washing leaving no residue.
0,So far my kid loves these! She got a kit for Christmas so we supplemented with these. Crazy odd texture and it kind of bounces... great to work with and my kido loves the texture
0,Embossed great!! Loved them!!
0,great item. nice to have it in my tool box
0,THANK YOU
0,Love these paint brushes and am very happy with the way that they are shipped to me!
0,I love it. Easy to use and easy on the wrists and hands.
0,Great
0,Purchased this in Raspberry not too long ago, and the longer I use it the more I love it.  At first I didn't understand the reasoning behind the long slits.  Now I understand the reasoning behind them is to allow you to pull your skein as you work.  If you are working from the outside the yarn travels up the slit every you pull out more yarn to finish a row.  The only con for me is that this collapses unless you fill it with yarn to hold it up.  One of these days I'm going to get a piece of plastic and make a lining.  This is not too hard to work with when filled with skeins of yarn, just an annoyance.  The pouch is helpful to me as I can put my iPhone in it along with a crochet hook etc.  Someone mentioned they didn't like the plastic smell.  Mine doesn't have a strong odor, but if it did, the pouch can be unclipped and detached.  Also like the carrying strap, which is also detachable.  Very handy.  At the moment I have two wip's in mine and several skeins of yarn.  All in all I like this so much I will be buying another in Periwinkle just for  yarn storage.
0,Perfect.  I buy cones to save money and this fits perfectly.
0,works well  does the job  prob one of the better brands  out there  would buy again  if i need to  id recomend this
0,i embroider all the time and love my machine. needed new needles since i'm worn out my old ones. they fit just right
0,I have been wanting a white board for a long time now but I didn't want the expense. So when I saw this repositionable whiteboard paper for an affordable price I had to try it. I like it because I can cut it to the sizes I need depending on the room. Or I can leave it whole and have a large sheet for pretty much anything. I decided to use some downstairs above our desk for to do's for my husband and myself. It goes on quickly and easily and sticks to my wall perfectly. My chalk markers write on it smoothly and erase cleanly, which is a must for me. I will be using this for a long time! I bought this item at a discount in exchange for my honest opinion; all thoughts are my own.
0,Works as expected. Good buy. Easy to use.
0,Really strong stuff!
0,Finally a hole punch that I can do more than just 3 or 4 sheets of paper! This punched right through 10 sheets without a problem. It is a solid, sturdy punch, with an added bonus of a small compartment for paper clips.
0,This is such a big help with keeping charts and pattern line instructions in easy view.  Very nicely thought out and storage space for patterns as well.	Knitter's Pride products are a favorite!
0,They arrived quickly, but completely worthless. The material on the back of the product, the part that lies against the underwear, is so slippery that they are impossible to keep in place. I paid extra for these thinking that they were going to be a better quality then previous ones I've purchased, but these are terrible. The only plus is having another bag to use. The reusable pads are not usable. A waste of 21 dollars. Very disappointed.		Update: I tried these again, and I was surprised at how much I actually liked them. The width of these are so perfect, less bulky compared to others I've tried, and although the material on the outside is slippery, the double snaps help to keep it in place very well. I would probably use these only on lighter days, but they are so comfortable it's like having nothing on.
0,Received fast, and new in the tube as advertised.
0,Nice sturdy needles use them in my Brother machine
0,like this, wish I had bought the bigger ones though
0,GOOD!!!
0,I like these beads have ordered them several times, am very pleased with them, if you are going to order them make sure you order more than one package to assure you get the same colors in the mix, if not you will end up with a blended mix if you wait and order again later on. but the beads are great only had very few that didn't work they are seed beads and could do many projects with them. would definitely order again.
0,Beautiful!
0,Good product! I have had a great time learning to use my new cricut machine.	.and this cartridge is a great addition to my system.
0,Thicker then what I thought. I'm happy with the purchase. Not the best for markers on cloth though!!! :)
0,Same size and thickness as the Ranger product (Ranger is also 5mil).  Not Ranger and not claiming to be Ranger in any way.  Product arrived fast and made in the USA.  Very happy as it works as described at 1/2 the price.
0,These work great on quilting rulers and cutting mats.
0,Fantastic product, thank you!
0,These are so detailed and lovely, I can't wait to creat with them. They are just the right size for cutting and putting on other projects. I love them and I now have four.
0,Just as expected, small enough to be carried anywhere and very light. The colors are beautiful, the only thing is that some of the colors were out of the pallet especially white and still can't get it to stick in.
0,nice and sturdy
0,I purchased these to make Christmas cards.  They were perfect!
0,Cute and compact.
0,Great
0,As a quilter, I go through rotary blades fast and I really like these. They lasted longer than most.  Great quality.
0,Copic makes amazing pens/markers for professional artists. I have used these markers so much already on many different pieces of work and they still produce vibrant, black ink as if I just opened them for the first time. If you are just getting into drawing and are an academic artist, this is a great buy to introduce you to great supplies that will enhance your work immensely.
0,So pretty!! Makes the area I used it on even more enchanted!!!  :)
0,Color is a little brighter/intense than I expected.
0,It's funny how we become attached to certain tools. This is the only seam ripper I ever buy. I put them through their paces and they last a very long time. The last one I had broke at the tip because I used it for something it wasn't designed for, not because of a failure of construction. I like the flat handle. It's easier for my hands to manipulate. Simply said this is a great seam ripper.
0,Cheap yarn used for a crafty project--worked as expected.
0,I LOVE these....the pens work great, they have gorgeous colors and the ink flows perfectly.  There is a great selection of colors in the box, and the case they are in holds them securely.  Buy them, you won't regret it, and the price can't be beat!  Great for cards, journaling, coloring, etc.
0,Good zipper. All plastic, works fine.  I sewed it into a jacket that had a broken zipper. Works great.
0,good product
0,These were just what I was looking for after losing 60 lbs I was wearing different cheap rings instead of my wedding ring. My husband didn't like that.  So I ordered these and I can wear my wedding ring again
0,Nice yarn and good color.
0,I really like this ruler.
0,Put velcro on hat and attached patch. The back of patch had Velcro on it. Surprised me on that one. That made it great buy with very good surprise. Buy again YES
0,Nice, small chalk. A handful were broken a bit because the box came unprotected in a large plastic envelope. I would have expected something as fragile as chalk to be protected a little better. But the chalk itself is good.
0,Overall, this is a pretty good wire mesh.  It's easy to bend and holds the shape I want.  The product lost one star because it did break off a little easier than I expected after bending it a few times.  Also, be careful when it breaks off and lands in the floor...if you accidentally step on the metal pieces, it is really going to hurt (just an FYI).  Lol.
0,great product.  Good for working with wool, but soft fuse is better
0,I also bought these in red.  As an add-on the price is good and they are very pretty.  Getting them out of the package into small plastic jars without making a mess was a bit of a challenge but I managed it.  I will buy other colors if they are priced like these.
0,I love the individual sheets, no cutting from a roll. The sheets tear off very easy...which is my Favorite thing to do!
0,This kit is going to be great with my scrapbooking, am looking forward to scrapping with it.
0,I've been using this sort of bias tape for years in casual and fashion applications. For good sewing, I prefer making my own, but this width is perfect for things like kerchiefs and makes sewing them a snap. I cut a square that's 18 inches on the diagonal out of an appropriate quilt weight cotton, and then cut it half on the diagonal, hem the two short edges and cut a piece of bias tape a yard long. Sandwich the long edge between the two layers of the bias tape with centers together, and pin it in place, then sew along the entire length of the bias tape. That creates the ties and finishes the long edge. A half yard of quilting fabric, and a package of bias tape will make 4 kerchiefs. They make a good bazaar item, they are also very useful for tying back long hair.
0,Love all of TH's products.  Will buy again.
0,kperfect will order again
0,This pen is so perfect for hitting those small areas and get them glued down
0,AAAA++++
0,The best product for conditioning thread for hand-sewing.
0,Liked the die. I think i can use it with my door windows.
0,This was my grandmother's favorite tatting shuttle.  Personally, I do like the large sized bobbin, but the edges if the shuttle are on the sharp side.  I tat by slipping the shuttle between my fingers and the thread.  The harsh edges on this catch and I find it annoying, even unpleasant.  My grandmother's style of tatting was different and she sort of handed the shulltle through the loop.  This approach worked well with the edges, allowing her to keep a good grip.  The hook is narrow and long, working well with small thread.		I love the bobbins.  I strongly prefer metal over plastic.  And depending of your style of tatting, it can work well.
0,Good value.
0,was a great price and works great.
0,Nice blades. Cut well.
0,I thought these were going to be "heavy duty", but alas, they were the same as most zippers you'd find on a light jacket. I wanted to replace the zipper that closes over retracting handles on 2 rolling duffles we used on our European trip last week. The cover zipper over those handles both "broke". First off, these are a royal pain to get the pull over the zipper teeth. Finally .. after much frustration, I was able to get it done. I sewed the zippers in place after "crazy gluing" each end, so they would not open. They appear to be working, and I have tons of zipper left over. Next time, I may just go and purchase ready made zippers in the length and color I need.
0,these are awsome..make coloring with pencils so much more fun and more professional looking
0,Love this rotary cutter. Very ergonomic. Safe and easy to cut fabric. :-)
0,Just love it. It is exactly  what I wanted.
0,Nice deep mold. Perfect for my needs.
0,If two ends are different sizes it's very very miniscule. Nice sturdy easy to grip. Shipping was great!
0,Good brushes, and great price.
0,Can't recommend these mats highly enough. Really easy to work with. I generally make smaller projects and so don't need all of the pieces--it would be nice if the seller could offer a "half pack". That being said, I would absolutely buy this product again.
0,These are great! Nice and sharp for making good holes in clay. Sturdy.
0,look good, haven't had the opportunity to use them yet.  Will use them for gardening belts.
0,really good~
0,I liked it fine.  Did the job.  Helped my unmounted stamps cling better to the acrylic block for stamping.
0,Good
0,great price
0,So far so good!
0,I use it every day and cleans up very nicely
0,comes in handy
0,This is my second time to purchase this item.  I love the quantity for the price.  It actually comes out as a better deal than going to my local fabric store & buying the 35yd bolt, even with a 50% coupon.  Great item & great price, thank you!
0,Use these for my craft projects, I make my own greeting cards and they are perfect for providing depth and dimension. Can cut them smaller or add two as needed.
0,Good deal
0,Functional.
0,I LOVE this cart!!! It holds everything I need to take for a sewing and quilting class. The design of the compartments is well thought out. My class machine is a Janome DC 2012 to help compare sizes. I could fit an older Bernina model in there, like my 1130 or the Series 3 models but not anything larger. Rolls great and is not that heavy on its own. Side handles allow you to easily pick up the bag and load it in the car. BTW, I may also love it because my name is Mary, too!
0,Lawn Fawn's products are awesome. I love their products and this one is no exception. Item exactly as described. LOVE IT. I haven't had the occasion to use it yet. But I'm sure I will soon.
0,My grandmother daughter love it
0,Great product ~ recommended seller
0,I  doodle, watercolor, mixed media, glues, paints, lettering, drawing & all sorts of materials.  I love this journal.  For those who worry about bleeding through, I glue two pages together OR I use some scrap paper to back it.  I bought two of these and will buy more great for all types of uses.
0,These have VERY TINY split rings that you slip into your broken zipper pull. They appear to work. You'll want good eyesight to install these.
0,These are so pretty.
0,Sweet little critters to use as focal points on your cards. These stamps are made out of high-quality photopolymer... you can tell by the smell as soon as you open the package. So much fun and so easy to color. And the fact that there are coordinating dies is a HUGE plus in my book.
0,Plenty of wells to use for an extensive pallet
0,Excellent product and price.
0,This tool is a scrapbooking must. It helps your photos look professional by rounding the corners and giving the photo a great look. This tool doesn't take away from your photos, it only cuts the very edge of the photo. I would recommend to a friend.
0,These beads are really pretty and well made. And the container is soooo easy to use. Love this product.
0,Perfect for what I needed! Can't imagine life without Mod Podge!
0,excellent
0,Exactly as described. Exact measurements as stated. 4.25"x 5.75". Embosses well, though I generally use these for clay rather than paper.
0,excellent product
0,fantastic
0,I tried another pen set,  but came back to this one. Great value, as with other kits to many silver & black shafes for me. wish I could. I could refills , I do recycling  just such a waste to have to order the case & plastic sleeves over & over.
0,This product is great if you want to turn out a number of small gifts (say for a scout troop, a book group, or a batch of nieces and nephews.)  I still have crocheted snowflakes that my grandmother made for me.  There are lots of free patterns out there, and there is nothing better than a personal gift.  Aunt Lydia's  is a well made product for crochet work.  Big or small, this is a good choice for crochet work.
0,Great for embellishing all my shirts
0,This was way better then what I was expecting from the reviews. Also it held up great when making dipped candles. I'd recommend this product!
0,Perfect size to place on a piece of wood and then on my lap to hammer silver wire for my jewelry.  I have beaten the heck out of it and it looks new
0,Very nice, well crafted brushes.  Great brushes for the price.
0,Fast shipping...so cute clear clean cuts   Use with my sizzix big shot
0,I make chain mail jewelry and I have a lot different size rings in various colors. I've been looking for something I can use to store the rings better than what I currently use and this is perfect!!	But you don't need to know all that, what you need to know about is the quality! Very nice quality, think plastic, not thin or flimsy. The individually boxes fit well in the main container, not to snug which would make them difficult to remove but they don't flop around inside either. The snap closures are solid and don't pop open on their own. The only thing could make this better would be a handle or some sort of indent or textured area so you can get a better grip on them.	I liked them so much that I might actually buy a few for their intended purpose!!
0,Very nice yarn to work with.
0,super
0,These are very elegant to make cards with.  I plan on getting more styles as I do make a lot of cards.  Will really make some beautiful valentine cards.
0,Great heavy paper that i use for markers and ink fashion drawings. This is also a great backer to lighter papers.
0,Lovely, not juvenile looking.
0,Great set of hooks. I've ordered these before and they are lovely to work with.
0,What I wanted
0,Great and very handy for all artists regardless of their medium! At a very reasonable price...
0,Love. Love. Love the color. Bought enough to do what I needed (make a body pillow case cover) and then some.
0,I have always used round markers while knitting,  but these triangle markers actually were easier to slip from one needle to the next while knitting socks. They are thinner and don't get in the way as much. These triangle markers are a smart idea. I should have got some of these long ago. I  love the colors as well.
0,good product
0,great product
0,These are wonderfully glittery! And I'm very picky about my glitter gels.
0,No problems. Works just as it should Nice quality.
0,Works with Bernina 1080
0,Good markers for the money
0,I use a lot of Velcro when making towel tops that fit over a stove handle. This was a good buy and I can get twice the amount by cutting it in half.
0,love this product works like a dream,  would recommend this product 100 percent..try it for yourself you will love it.
0,Really great product.  Packaging in my case was terrific, not a single broken stick in the whole bunch.  When I grated the cinnamon, the smell was intense, obviously pretty fresh.  The bulk of this order will be for wreath making and to add to gift tags for Christmas.  I shopped for these pretty carefully and am not at all disappointed in my choice.
0,Came in excellent condition.  Kit is complete and easy to follow instructions
0,This super strong and flexible beading wire is my default for making necklaces and bracelets. It's easy to work with and holds up well over time.
0,Love the look of this collection of numbers!
0,This product works very well for bow making and I love that I can contain it al in the case!
0,Arrived quickly, exactly what I need. 4 nephews who love hunting & fishing, are all getting their own camo blanket for Christmas this year! Expect me to purchase again. Can't find this yarn in my local store, so I was SO happy to get this!
0,Good
0,I am thoroughly enjoying this pattern.  It is not a begginer cross-stitch/embroidery pattern.  I am not experienced but did some cross-stitch and very little embroidery years ago.  Although the instructions do explain some of the stitches, I had to look up how to do some of them on the internet.  I was able to find youtube explanations and easily learned the new stitches.  The colors are beautiful!  The picture with the cat and robin are adorable. The kit includes two needles, all the floss that you will need, neatly organized, and excellent instructions.  I would recommend this kit to anyone who has had some cross-stitch or embroidery experience.  If, however, you have difficulty seeing, this may not be the right pattern for you. The pattern is quite small.
0,I got these to use in bead cages and make essential oil diffuser necklaces with. They work wonderfully for that. They come in a nice variety of colors, fit well in the 20mm bead cages, and hold the oils well.
0,Good!
0,The material was made very well.	Soft and strong for what I needed for at a great price per yard.
0,Hard to go wrong with these. I love to paint buttons with them.
0,Very nice color selection and perfect for my project.
0,All Tsukineko products are wonderful to work with and the Memento Markers are all you might expect them to be.
0,This works great! When you embroider FSL as much as I do, I am so happy to have found this product online!
0,Works well
0,So sharp and easy to use.  The blades are great at snipping close too.  Quality product and excellent performance.
0,Needed a replacement blade and it works fine.
0,a very nice product and fair price
0,the greatest thing since sliced  bread
0,Holds a lot of brushes big and small, keeps them dry, keeps them safe in a slim design.  Slides into my art bag.
0,Excellent quality, great feel
0,So pretty and great for turning into other types of ornaments!
0,This is a cute coloring book that appeals more to my daughter who is 16. I like the hand drawn designs and some of them are very good but some pages are a little redundant and feature a full page of the same flower or leaf, this is fine but I like a little more variety in the drawings. What I really like about this book, and fine unique are the sayings on the opposite page of the drawing. I find these to be very inspirational and fresh. They are really well done. The paper quality is average as is the size of the book. This is a pretty sweet little book but it's average in delivery but will provide stress relief and downtime as the images are not overwhelmingly difficult.		As I said, my teenager really likes this one and she doesn't like many of the books that I really like so this could appeal more strongly to a younger group. I like the sayings and find them to be the best part of this coloring book.
0,I've done several projects with this transfer tape and I'm very impressed.  The package arrived within three days of my order, and the roll is larger than I expected.  I've had no problems with the material sticking too tightly to my designs; actually I've had no problems with it at all.  I'm placing my second order for this today, and I plan to continue using it.  Awesome product!
0,Top of the line product!
0,perfect for a quick, easy scarf.
0,Fantastic.  Works perfectly and bonds instantly.
0,This has saved my finger. Thanks
0,I like this hook. Easy to hold and work with.
0,Works as expected
0,Am getting a lot of use from this in my silversmithing class. So far it has not left any scratches on my silver or copper.
0,So far it works great.
0,Great!
0,I love this bead board it is great it saved me from loosing my beads and I love the cover it saves me from loosing my beads when I have to carry them. They don't spill out when they fall to the floor. This bead board is Great. I hope everyone  gets this it's GREAT. Sign  Kathy
0,These are such pretty colors!!
0,works great with my clear stamps
0,These pigments are no joke- they're so incredibly metallic! I use them as watercolor paints; mixed them with a little gum Arabic and left them to dry to cake colors, then activated with water when I needed them. They work WONDERFULLY. The sheen of the duochrome pigments is especially striking. I have the series one and two sets; definitely wanna buy the third.
0,Very good
0,Luv it.  I use it to make little odd sizes to put on the top of my cards.  Easy to use.  Glad I bought it.
0,This perforation cutter works very well. It will cut through computer paper and also index cards in a stroke. I also cut through the back of a writing tablet although the cardboard is thick enough that I think perforating on both sides would work best.  This is not a tool for cutting through multiple layers. I use it with my self-healing mat and a ruler.
0,A+
0,Obviously not the best quality tools, but they do get the job done. This is a perfect starter set for someone who wants to try pottery without having to commit to buying expensive tools. It's served me well. I've had it for a few months now and nothing has broken. I'm a fairly avid potter. These do the trick.
0,Love this product.  It is super easy to use, it dries perfectly clear, it is virtually odor free.  Free shipping makes it even better. If you use this regularly it is most certainly worth getting the bigger size,  It is a giant money saver.
0,Nice mix of color.
0,I am a fan of Mister Holtz, and have been for years now. Ever since his Carol Duvall days.	He has always put out quality products, and these blocks are no exception.	These are so cool, I already need more sets! The possibilities are endless for mixed media projects, vintage themed artwork or home decor. So cool!
0,They were exactly what I was looking for.  Very good service.
0,Perfect scissor.
0,Very happy with the color.  Love working with Red Heart  yarn. Been using this brand since I started  crocheting.
0,I love this stencil! So many options.
0,This is my second order from this company. The magnetic sheets are perfect.
0,These clips seem like exactly what I need for rolling up quilts in order to quilt on my sewing machine.  I have not had a chance to use them yet, but they seem sturdy.
0,Beautiful stamps.
0,Quality set at a good price!
0,exactly what I wanted
0,Perfect!  I have a 3 eyar old and I was so tired of crayola watercolors....these are vibrant.  So cheap too.  Great find.
0,Love this yarn. I buy from Hobby Lobby. Have all the brands and then some.
0,pretty
0,i love these pipe cleaners.  they are like the scrubbing bubbles of pipe cleaners.  most times i would have to use 2 or 3 pipe cleaners to clean the air way of my pipe.  these are stiffer bristles and it now only takes 1 to clean my pipes air way : )
0,Bobbins always a problems to store. Not now, organized an fits nicely in sewing basket for travel. Happy with purchase
0,Works as advertised.
0,Handy as can be, especially like the lock feature.
0,Time consuming but look nice when applied
0,I ordered this light box (and it came with 3 micron pens--which I needed for this same project) to trace an embroidery pattern onto fabric.  It was perfect.  The light was bright enough--however, it worked better for me when it was a little darker outside with the lights a bit dimmer--it was easier for me to see the pattern below the fabric.		I plan on using this for more embroidery and applique projects in the future.
0,Good buy for the money, however the 4-5 mm portion of the pearls were not smooth like all the others. Nice plastic snap top packaging for each compartment.
0,This was more affordable than the stamp that has the same images on it and so I went for the stencil and love it.  The round sponge applicators for distressing ink on tags was too large for the areas on the stencil so you definitely need to use a sponge dauber.  I found suitable colors in the distress ink line to cover all the images and it came out just gorgeous, with a very vintage look.
0,Good choice for craft projects
0,Great item!
0,Simple, inexpensive solution to a common problem - getting airbrush hoses to fit compressors.
0,Exactly what I expected and ordered.  Thank you
0,Although I haven't used this much, I am very pleased with this item. You can print onto them and then using your iron you can get what you printed onto the paper on to the fabric.
0,Very nice, inexpensive pads of drawing paper.
0,Had a lot of fun with this.  I was doing a Wizard of Oz theme and used this with a brick embossing folder and my yellow brick road was created! This was easy to work with and held the yellow paint beautifully.
0,This stablilizer seems to be the one I go for all the time.  Because of the 100yds by 10", it fits all my hoops; and being the thrifty person I am, I find I am much quicker to double up the amount of stabilizer I use when needed.  The sprays work well on this stabilizer so that I don't need to hoop the fabric and it tears away well.  Stabilizers can get to be quite expensive after a while, and I can honestly say that this has been the most economical stabilizer I have purchase so far.  When I do finally run out, I will definitely purchase again.  So, unless you need specialty stabilizers, get it.
0,Love Karbonz needles. They can get heavy after a while but I still love them
0,Nice die cuts.
0,As advertised.
0,I love the magnetic clasps as I have difficulty in using other necklace clasps and have several from other companies.  These seem to be quite good and with the 20 count, I now have one for each of my necklaces.  This price is much lower and the magnets seem strong.  A great buy!
0,Nice price for card making paper
0,Very very fine which makes it easy to color those little spaces
0,Really really nice value !!! Some repeated, but really beautiful and charming bracelets I made with it !!! Love it !!1
0,It is impossible to find this in stores! Its a great yarn to make Christmas things out off! Its not hard to work with and even a beginner like me can make something!
0,What's not to like; it's a color palette and I've already found use for it coloring in my Secret Garden coloring book with colored pencils.
0,Love these....easy to use and work well on many different machines. You made need to use  a shim or a bit of tape to hold it in place depending on your own machine. Great assortment of sizes in this set. Thanks!
0,Thank you
0,I have this product along with the decoart matte varnish and decoart medium to make a wide variety of tumbled tile coasters and trivets.(image transfer, collage and ink.) So far it has worked well.
0,I needed these papers to finish items and was thrilled to find them, great service as well.
0,On time and arrived in perfect condition.  Works precisely as described.  My son and 4-year-old grandson practice thankfulness and mindfulness by drawing on this board and closing their eyes and being thankful and then seeing the drawing fade.  It is a good way on inviting my Buddhist son-in-law into our Christian prayer time.
0,These wood log slices are very nice. They've been cut evenly, smoothed out all around. The bag I got was mostly about 2-3" diameter discs. These should be nice for crafts, maybe some wood burning designs. They're probably a bit small and thick for coasters.		One thing I like is that they have a natural wood smell, nothing else.		I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest review.
0,Oh, is this thing fun!		That is, now that I have figured it out and learned from initial mistakes.		I am an artist and crafter who loves to design and create unique and one-of-a-kind items.  I also hail from Germany, and so far I have had to write sentiments and such by hand because there is no such thing as a pre-fab stamp.		When Amazon.com offered this Brother ScanAndCut machine for review I was at first a bit hesitant.  I own the original Cricut but don't use it anywhere near as much as some people, so would this machine also be a bit of a waste?  I went on YouTube and other sources to see what sets this machine apart.		Ta-Daaaa!!!!!  I can hand-write a sentiment in any language, scan it into the machine, and get a perfectly cut paper image the quality of a very dainty die.  How cool is that?		The mistakes I referred to earlier have been getting the correct placement to minimize waste, and the correct size and thickness of pen used so as to not over-tax the machine's capabilities.  Once those little glitches were ironed out this machine has become major fun for me.		Oh, I know that the possibilities are endless, and others have written about them and also the setup in detail.  I just wanted to highlight what it has done for me personally.  Of course it can fuzzy-cut, so having to buy expensive dies to match certain stamps just to cut the outlines is a thing of the past.  You can use ANY stamp in your collection and get the ScanAndCut to cut it out perfectly.		If this machine is on your wish list for Christmas, move it to the top of the list.  Have fun with it!		As for me, I have to get back to working on my Christmas cards...
0,it's wonderful!
0,Ok, as far as the standard use of these is concerned, my review won't help most people. I picked these up to help clean out the tight spots on firearms, and for that I can say they are pretty decent. The only thing better is a set of soldering tools for this task. Cheers!
0,Excellent  color
0,JUST what I wanted
0,I ALWAYS LOVE CRICUT PRODUCTS =)
0,Thank you
0,Best wooden needles there are!
0,Bought for my 7-year old as a Christmas present.  She followed the instructions and the painting turned out great.  She thinks it's sloppy, but it was her first time with a PBN.
0,YES!		I purchased these because I needed something to store my excess custom mixed paints.  As I work my canvas or ceramics, I generally have and sometimes need excess paint as I work with only the primary colors (and occasionally others), and I'd never be able to perfectly match my colors.  At times, I need to keep the paints for weeks or even a month or two, so airtightness was a must.		These paint pots are impressive.  I've had a couple custom mixed colors for 2 months and each time I pick them up and tilt them, I see the paint immediately move.  I really wasn't expecting the paint to last that long.		Bottom line, if you mix custom colors and/or use expensive paints, this IS for you.  Clear, airtight, and tight-fitting lids (but not so much you struggle to get them open- they have a nice lip for your fingertip or thumb to push open).  Enjoy!
0,They work great. I will re-order as the need arises.
0,Wish they came with thicker tips for big block letters. Colors are nice, but it takes a LONG time to color in block letters and the tips keep drying out and have to be primed again and again and again because the dry tip drags the ink out of colored areas. I haven't used any other brand, so this might just be how this type of marker works.  Just know that you can't color in something solid, as all the little pen strokes show no matter how often you go over it. They look great on black paper or black chalk board contact paper.
0,In general I love brush pens but some can be a bit "stiff" to use.  These are perfect for "on-the-go" sketching or "stay-at-home work.	I WILL purchase these again.  The flexibility is a plus.  The ink is fast drying and opaque.
0,Works great!
0,I love these. I am a professional artist and I use them all the time. My favorite.
0,Worked as advertised.  No rubbing off of the color onto other surfaces.  Just follow the directions.
0,TONS of construction paper. So glad I got it, the packaging was easy to open and the paper was what I expected.
0,It makes needle felting soooo much easier then with a single needle and the instructions were clear and concise. It helped make the best B-day gift for my lil sis.
0,Great value for the price. No problems with item or shipment. Pay attention to the amount - do not expect a lot of beads. They are a beautiful color & great beads.
0,the air one disappears sometimes before I want it to.  this is the perfect marker for sewing as the garment or what ever gets washed as soon as I am done making so the marks disappear.
0,Fast shipping, fantastic, nothing broken or damaged, works great..clear design...one other of my folders did not print real clear, if you use another scrap paper helps come out clearer...
0,These are high quality paint pens with excellent coverage for any suitable surface.
0,Very good brush
0,fast delivery Great Product  I love it
0,Great product.
0,they are a perfect size to make crane origami.  Thank you.  The papers are beautiful.  Great way to shop for origami paper.
0,Thanks!!!!
0,Love it
0,good!
0,Great deal! Love these brushes for painting wood!
0,like it
0,use it all the time
0,These were very smooth-  easy to put together and take apart. It does take up a bit of room, but they are so easy to put together, that I don't have to leave them out all the time. Im not winding yarn all the time, anyway. It worked smoothly, perfectly. I would not hesitate to recommend to anyone!
0,These paints are very nice for use with children	I used them with my niece 18 months old, nephew 4 years, and my son 3 years old.		They all had fun and found it easy to use for finger and brush painting.		I'm giving it only 4 stars because the blue has an intense sulfuric smell. It disappeared once the paint dried but was bad enough that I checked the babies diapers before I figured out it was the paint.
0,best ever
0,Just what I needed
0,Really awesome. Lights up nice when you shine a black light on it.
0,Cute die, plan to use with felt for candle mats, cuts easy with wool and felt
0,great product.
0,Item was exactly what I was looking for.  The Grid Guide is so helpful in making snowflakes and being able to make the sides even.
0,Excellent quality-Superb removal from watercolor paper. Worth the extra price.
0,This is an awesome Knitting Tools and Accessories kit!!!!!! It has everything you need!!!
0,These threads are good and work up great.
0,easy to use
0,This transfer paper is amazing.  It's inexpensive and does what it's supposed to do.  I will order it again!
0,Best sharpener I own! And I own several different manual sharpeners. I like this sharpener so much I'm ordering four more so I can gift them to friends.
0,I use many blades andthese seem to last much longer.  I would recommend them to any quilter.  Shopping on line is a pleasure.
0,These are awesome art pencils!  They are fatter than what I am used to so that took a little getting used to, but they are top notch in color rich pigments, coverage, smooth lay down and they are good for shading and blending.  They sharpen pretty well in the large hole of my manual sharpener.  Sadly, they only come in a 24 count set but those 24 are really nice colors.  I used them with my Faber Castell Polychromos for blending and the two sets worked really nicely together.  In my opinion these are top grade artist pencils at a fraction of what I have paid for my other top of the line pencils so I was happy to find these.
0,Chubby Chums make for great cardmaking fun!  I have used these over and over in my cardmaking--I mount them on Wobbles, stack them, put them in fun scenes.  Ever so cute!  I will note that the cow in the lower right looks like an odd pig to me.  I think it's the snout.  Two examples of their cuteness here:  http://frankiehelpscraft.blogspot.com/2014/08/chubby-chums-go-back-to-school.html
0,It's what I exspected
0,good punch excellent quality and circles perfect adoro esta perforadora i love this punch amazing good for ek success yeah
0,Perfect!  Exactly what I wanted.
0,awesome set of files.  was leary to purchase, was not sure if it would be worth the money, but i'd been looking at them so long that i figured what the heck.  i am glad i made the purchase.  great product, reasonable price
0,great
0,Works well.
0,This little gizmo works great, and saves my thumbnail, which is what I used to use to do the job.  It's white, so it's easy to see, and it's smooth plastic, so it doesn't mess with either my fabric or my fingers.
0,I love these beads!! They are beautiful and came in great condition all except one which was smashed and unusable.  Which is why they only get 4 stars.
0,its beautiful wire
0,love them! they are a bit bigger than i expected..but still gorgeous!! will definatly order again.! i really love Beadaholique!
0,This clay is awesome! Just be careful not to over-bake it.
0,fine for beginners nothing fancy but worked great for my class
0,Beautiful embossing powder!
0,Thank You!
0,Funny, I received three of these instead of 1., I guess someone in shipping made a mistake and I am the benefactor of this. they take a while to figure out how to make the half quarter square piece. but they are wonderful to work with.
1,I started using these on Tuesday 12/16 after getting them in the mail. The Burnisher has worked quite well so far, but the blender is not as soft as I would have hoped. I am using them along side prismacolor softcore colored pencils. It is quite hard and left some indented marks on the paper, as if i was using a hard pencil and pressing down. When I sharpened the blender, the wood was a bit splintery and I had to resharpened it down further to smooth it out so that the blender core would be steady. I will be experimenting with these further and will update if anything changes.
1,Dont buy these go with the EK Success instead.  These run out of ink really fast im talking weeks on some of them and don't use them all the time and I cap them when not in use.  If you need a really fine point they are good but I have to imagine there are better out there.  They don't feel right in your hand.  Easy never again for me.  Best of luck. Cheers.
1,Broke after a couple uses? oh well.. still 1 left .. I would not bother.
1,THIS IS NOT FLOSS - it is cord so if you are looking for floss - don't order this. I will use it but I was wanting floss.
1,pins for thread not long enough had to return it.
1,Not happy with spring loaded. Now, it's tough to open & close the scissors...after a few uses.
1,I did not receive the Reeves product but some cheap china oil set that could be hazardous to me and others! I cannot give a review on the actual Reeves set pictured here.
1,Paint dried up like putty.
1,i did not get the sheets i wanted, they are instead  20 individual sheets with the 4 same design, very unsatisfied
1,a ok product,looks nice
1,The stencil is very flimsy.
1,Very dull. They didn't cut even thin paper. I really wanted to like these but I just couldn't. I had to return them.
1,Had to send back, did not fit my machine.
1,I tried to determine the actual color of this paint from the photo and was pretty satisfied I had done so when I placed my order, but it turned out to be a reddish-gold shade. I needed something completely different, so I won't be able to use this one. It's probably not possible with differences in computer monitors and such, but I do wish there was a way to feature more accuracy in paint colors sold online.
1,Did not like it.
1,not what I expected, I was looking for fuse able seam binding.....so not sure what I will do with 2 rolls of this super thin seam tape
1,I love the color, but this vinyl does not like to stick to glass...unfortunately, I won't be buying it again.
1,Horrible
1,cheap, flimsy cardboard not panels
1,When it arrived, the box was dented up. Then I opened the actual case and the pieces were all Willy nilly in the case and I think things were missing as there were like 3 extra slots where it looked like tools were supposed to go. Maybe it was a returned one repackaged? Then I actually tried using them... I have arthritis in my hands, and the only wire this would bend and cut was extremely thin wire I could bend myself with my arthritic self. Thicker crafting wire, where one would actually need working tools bent them side to side and would slide off and make a loud snapping noise. Don't even get me started on the sniping/cutting tools. I just had to laugh at the situation. I don't have the time or patience to send them back. Don't waste your money unless you plan on using strictly thin wire. Also the before nose are too thick to get any detail. Please save your money, unless I just got a completely jacked up set, I would never even think of buying again or recommending to anyone. It's just cheap junk.
1,Waste of money. It jumps when winding yarn even if you are keeping a steady pace and tension.  I have had to rewind more skeins than I would like to think of, and it has completely stressed out at least three skeins of yarn, because I had to keep rewinding them. I wish I had never bought this. It has brought nothing but frustration and strife. Worst knitting accessory I have ever purchased.
1,Does what I needed at the time, however does not cut thru cleanly at one small point.
1,Not a fan of this yarn.  It feels coarse, and the skein was a mess. The color was a garish shade bearing no resemblance to the photo. I'll use it for flower parts for applique, but I will not purchase Bernat Satin again.
1,First time I baught these I was very pleased with the size and weight so I ordered again but this time they were different they are shorter and lighter, I'm not pleased
1,Very small and expensive, I returned it. Good old food coloring work just as good. The only color that would be difficult to create would be amber but for the price of this small bottle, no amber for me.	Seller performance was fine, but I would not recommend this product as it is just expensive food color.
1,Wears down with one use. Was hoping for a vegan alternative that take a bit more wear and tear... will have to replace all with real bone. Sorry, animals.
1,It's okay but you get what you pay for.
1,These do not seal at the union.
1,Update: 5/7/17: Our family will no longer be buying this product. It now contains synthetic dyes. They don't even tell you which ones. Defeats the purpose, you might as well buy regular old playdough if you don't care about exposing your kids to toxic dyes, it lasts longer and is way cheaper.		We've bought two boxes of this stuff so far. I would say we probably only buy this particular brand, because there are no others that use natural dyes on Amazon.		Pros:		- Good consistency, just like regular playdough		- Pleasant, neutral smell		- No nasty, unsafe, toxic dyes being continually exposed to my child's skin (the largest organ on the body!) [...]		- Nice colors, they're not perfect and vibrant, but they are not pastel by any means. They're just nice, clear but muted tones. Natural without being weak.		- Nice tubs that are wide and easy for my 3 year old to take the dough out of.		Cons		- SOY. Soy is a xenoestrogen (exposure in the human body mimics the effects of estrogen). Also, over 90% of soy is genetically modified. Because our family avoids endocrine disrupters (soy, plastics, chemicals) like the plague, I allow for this because I haven't found anything better.		- GLUTEN. We also avoid gluten. No one is allergic, but we have our reasons. My son does not eat this (he's past that stage and we wash our hands as soon as we're finished with it, so I overlook whatever potential downfalls there may be to dermal exposure since the biggest concern for me is wheat's effect on the gut lining.		- It WILL dry out. I suppose that would be what most people would expect from this type of play dough, but just be warned. Especially if your kid is like mine and breaks it into little bits or makes you roll it out (more surface area means it dries out faster).		- It's pricey (especially given the use of cheap wheat and soy ingredients), I would expect this price from something with higher overall quality ingredients.		I was going to give this 4 stars, then after writing about the wheat and soy, I changed my mind. I can see the wheat, it's a lot tougher to make gluten free and have it work and I totally understand that, but the use of cheap, unhealthy soy oil really is unnecessary and inexcusable. Our ids are exposed to enough hormone disruptors, we should be doing whatever we can to keep them out of their toys.
1,This stuff really sticks, especially to your fingers and itself. As	for anything else: maybe-maybe not. The most frustrating thing	about this brand is that it doesn't tear clean and always leaves	a stringer that peals back on the roll. This is pretty much for the	know-nothings that heard a name so they get this. You are far	better off with something like 3M of some other generic at the	hardware stores. This junk is just not worth the frustration!
1,Unfortunately, I'm forced to say that this was a complete waste of money! I hate to leave a bad review but I use products like this for my business all the time and thought I can try to help someone else. I tried this one out as it was a cheaper alternative to my usual&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Aleene-s-Stiffen-Quick-Fabric-Stiffening-Spray-8oz/dp/B001145342/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Aleene's Stiffen-Quick Fabric Stiffening Spray 8oz</a>		To me, even when this product was heavily diluted, it was still just like pouring Elmer's PVA glue all over your fabric (most of which I use is silk, so a huge waste) and even when it's dry, ends up like a crunchy, smelly piece of card stock - Certainly not something I could use for work as I'm postive I'd receive complaints based on the stench alone! It also makes the color of the fabric darker when dried.		I'm sorry to say but I actually threw this out in the trash when we moved house and went straight back to Stiffen Quick.
1,Did not realize this couldn't be used in the Explore Air. 6 mats worthless to me and it can't be returned.
1,Nice looking needles but they have no "polish".  They stick and really slows down the knitting.
1,Too small!! Not at all what I expected.
1,First of all, this is a small skein of yarn.  Described as medium (4) comprised of 53% wool and 47% acrylic (50 grams and only 147 yards) the yarn tends to pull into thread-like strands and fray. Colors in the photo are much brighter and show more contrast than the actual skeins I received. It does seem to need reinforcement with another strand of yarn - too fine to confidently wear as an article of clothing.  I am quite disappointed.
1,Did not order this don't know why I'm asked to review
1,This fabric is soooo cheapnot even a joke. I could have get a better quality of polyester cotton in another place for the same pricenot worthy to spend it on this LOW QUALITY FABRIC!
1,Buyer beware this is Howlite and not turqouise.
1,Dried up after 2 weeks
1,Would not buy again, couldn't even find one page I liked.
1,I have the Martelli ergo rotary cutter and I love it. I got these blades as replacements and I was not impressed. I think that fiskars blades are sharper, these got dull very quickly.
1,its a pretty yarn but not what I ordered. I ordered purple tones and got the candy color.
1,Poorly made. Multiple spindles were glued in crooked. Several were missing. One cross piece was cracked. I would not recommend this product.
1,I have tried it with some stencils, the paint always seeps through. Not happy with it. Looks great in the videos, I wish I had stuck with the brushes :(
1,I am very dissatisfied with this product. You have to put the wires into the rack and then it is "ready" for your thread. As soon as you try to put your thread on the wires you realize it is not going to work. I put all the wires on as shown and snapped them into the tray holder, but the spools all squeeze the wires out of the slots and then they lean over. Not a good purchase on my part.
1,The colors are all bright and cheerful. I haven't run across any color duplicates either. The ink flow is mostly steady, no blobs of ink pooling. There is some skipping. I am pleased that there doesn't appear to be any smudging. What I'm not pleased about is the fact that the pens don't carry more ink. There isn't enough in one pen for several projects. The ink cartridge depletes far too quickly. A regular ink pen has a long life, however these do not.  I'm not happy with this product.	Too bad
1,These are huge beads! They look much bigger than the 14mm they're described as, but I don't want to open them to measure. I can just look at them and tell they're too big for my purposes.
1,From the outside, the package was immaculate and appeared un-damaged, but the crayons were broken into tiny pieces. Because this item is inexpensive, I chose to just keep it and not bother with a return or refund. I've already re-purchased this from a brick and mortar art supply store. The black crayon and the white crayon were both broken into large enough pieces for me to use, so I give two stars.
1,I returned this item.
1,I used this product to try to glue in a handle on one of my pantry to no avail. The handle fell right off after pulling on it lightly one time( I've waited more than 24 hours after applying Sugru on the pantry before trying). The handle is metallic material and the pantry is wooden, I have no idea if that was what was wrong? I tried gluing handle of a broken mug and that worked pretty decent. I used this product to seal in exposed wires on an outdoor fan, that's holding up nicely as well as one of my phone charger wire. from my current experience, I can't really tell what exactly I can use it for other than fixing exposed wires or protection of currently existing wires. I am pretty disappointed because I was hoping to get more use out of it. Also, once you open the packet, there is no way of storing them away without it drying and setting. I've tried those small snack baggie zip-lock bags, I've tried taping the packet seal with duct tape to no avail. I really liked it being applied on phone charger wire, but it somehow attracts my two cats to lick and bite it aggressively(they usually don't chew on wires at all I let my cats roam around everywhere including computer rooms and I've never had instances of them chewing any usb cables or computer wires what so ever). I really have no idea what other uses it has.
1,This is awful.  It only lasted for a few projects.  Even on a medium blade depth it cut through the very thin layer of film that is added to a very thin and flimsy.  Very expensive for the short life of this product. The Silhouette machines are fabulous and these mats don't do them justice.
1,Poor Quality and very off grain.
1,Didnt like these not smooth and hard to use
1,I received the two sets of Ring Noodles that I ordered very promptly.  However, the item is junk...simply rubber tubing slit on one side that only sizes my rings infinitesimally.  Frankly, to charge $4.99 + $2.00 S&H for this product is absolutely shameful.
1,Case is torn, ripped and the zipper is broken! Brushes are SMASHED and three brushes are completed bent to the side in the metal part under the brush hairs!  This arrived looking like it came from the trash and belonged in the garbage! This item was such a mess it should NEVER have been sold to anyone - though it had a stamp that said "INSPECTED"!!  It was cheap, but still a waste of money, and would of wasted more of my time returning it!
1,These worked worse than my used ones. Sent them back.
1,I thought these would be great. The colors are beautiful but none of them flow as they should. I won't buy this brand again.
1,I bought this yarn for a blanket and found it to be too rough so I purchased another yarn by caron that says soft on the label and it was soft. I have been using this yarn for decorative projects and pompoms.
1,I love the color variety and the plastic palette the paints come in, but like other users have pointed out, the paints are barely half filled and theres very little paint in each pot. Seriously disappointed. Weird that they cheaped out here on the paint itself when the quality of the plastic container itself  is so high.  If you found this review helpful, please let me know.
1,Very disappointed with this die.  It only partially cuts. I tried every kind of sandwich, cut several times, nothing worked.  Dont buy this die. Spellbinders makes great dies but this one is not one of them!  Returning this one.
1,I was hoping to use these while I starting out with a project working in the round then transfer my stitches to larger circular. But the bamboo part is about an INCH long and my fingers can barely hold on to them!! They were not worth the money!!! I found them useless!!!!! There is nothing to hold on to since the bamboo is so short. I don't see how others liked them but to each her own!!
1,I borrowed this machine from my mom and I can't wait to return it to her. She got this machine on the recommendation of a friend and she couldn't figure out how to work it so she gave it to me to solve. And I can't! I mean, I can get it to embroider words and the designs that came with it but that is it. The software is absolutely abysmal and it is a huge pain to go from using it as a sewing machine to an embroidery machine and back again. Unless you want to spend your life and all your money trying to figure out the software and buy more software and then get out a screwdriver every time you want to sew, I would find another machine. I'm sure not everyone has as many complaints about this machine as I do but in 2012 you would think it would be more user-friendly.		So far, it does embroider nicely though.
1,Overpriced for the amount you get.  But I needed it quickly and this was the only one available with prime.  Product worked as described, but definitely will not buy again due to the high cost, paying for the Cricuit name only
1,Not what I expected.
1,These are ok but small. The description should have said " for DPN'S"
1,I love this brand it is great for beginners but I am not fond of this needle it was very hard to use and my mother Got it at the same time and agreed with me Very hard to use
1,itkeeps breaking my thread
1,Wooden slats were loose and I also don't love that I paid $3 more than what it sells for just a week later. It's perfect for drying/curing soaps though.
1,Brush came with the bristles bent backwards in the protective cover.
1,I couldn't believe how cheap and tacky these are. I don't think I could use these for anything. Throwing these out.
1,I wanted this machine so much but when I got it didn't work I return it
1,useless.
1,Was not expecting product to be so watery and runny
1,I had worked with the tool once;  These  tools are so cheap; bent first time use.  I do not recommend for the hobbyist daily's.
1,Absolute garbage!!! Don't waste your money. I have two batches of candles that are completely ruined (whilst giving this garbage the benefit of the doubt; heating and pouring at different temps) White patches in my candles and poor wick attachment. Ridiculous. Quit selling the garbage. Quality is more important than quantity. Find another manufacturer! I will never purchase this again. Complete waste of my time, money, and resources. I may as well flush $30.00 down the toilet.
1,Awkward and difficult to use
1,Does not provide a durable carry case for my artwork.  It is a large paper folder with Velcro and a handle.
1,Ok
1,These are really silly items. I thought it would be fun and interesting but really I used 3 and have this entire pack that I just don't know what to do with and ended up in my junk drawer. Every time I come across it I try to of a way to use them and really cant come up with anything. I will likely end up gesso all over them and using as dimension on a mixed media project. For that, there is no reason to purchase. I usually rummage my recycling bin and score.
1,Recently I purchase this size and type of paper. As soon as the paper was wetted for stretching it began to fall apart. The first piece I picked up out of the bath simply fell apart. I have been conducting research on this paper for over a year now and painted over 75 pieces using the 9 x 12 size of this paper. The 9 x 12 Canson XL 140 lb worked fine and responded to multiple watercolor techniques. I also have used the 11 x 15  size paper without any problems. But as soon as I began working on the 12 x 18 size paper, it was if the paper was manufacture by a completely different company. This also applied to the 18 x 24 size paper. I fist stretched my paper as I had with the smaller size, but the paper began to fall apart in the bath, I then simply washed the paper before securing it to the watercolor painting board, a simple brush stroke with one of my quality blue squirrel brushes caused the paper to pile and ruined the surface.  To determine if it was the paper or the size, I cut the the 12 x 18 in half, it isn't the size. The cut paper began to react just like the original size. I also bought another tablet of the 12 x 18 thinking it might be just a bad batch, but the tablet I bought six month afterwards did the same thing. The wet in wet effects I wish to accomplish will not work, the colors do not flow. It is as if this is a heavy drawing paper and not a watercolor paper. This is a very poor quality paper especially if you have your students try and use it. It will only discourage them. As I stated earlier the different sizes of the XL series watercolor paper is if they are manufacture by two different factories using different formulas. Today I wetted two different pieces of the XL series. The larger one (cut down to 9 x 12) is still wet after three hours the smaller one (from a 9 x 12 tablet) has been dry for an hour and a half. The larger paper acts like blotter paper and has not sizing or binding in it. For the larger sizes for students I would recommend Canson Monteval or Stratmore 330 or 400.
1,I WAS NOT PLEASED WITH HOW SMALL THESE WERE  I PURCHASED FOR MY GRANDMOTHER AND IT DIDNT LAST LONG AT ALL
1,The description said that this panel has a slight tooth and is good for oils and all mediums.  When I opened it, I discovered that it actually has a smooth looking shiny finish that looks silky to me.  The label says it might be advisable to coat with gesso and then sand to give it more tooth!  I am very disappointed, and now am gessoing it so that it will have the tooth I think will be necessary to use it with oils.	The label on the panel suggests to me that the smooth silky looking finish is to make it suitable for some special techniques that I am not familiar with.		All other brand panels I have ordered in the past have all had a more suitable looking matte finish that  appears to have adequate tooth.  I would not recommend this panel for oil painting!
1,I assumed it was a metallic gold, it was not. Just a faded yellowy colour. Dries too slowly and a bit too liquidy.
1,Super scratchy! Also was able to rip it easily. Trash yarn!!
1,Product did not work ... listing states "Great for making labels marking and drawing on a large assortment of materials such as textiles wood paper plastic" The chalk did not in any way live up to its claim. I submitted a return for the product the same day that I received it in the mail.
1,Not a fan of this product.  It's so hard to use for a chalk board, which is what I bought it for.  I guess if it's used in some other medium it might work better...just not "chalk" lol
1,These are glorified sewing needles, but once you actually get bookbinding needles, you realize that these are just heavy sewing needles. You need them dull to go through premade holes, not sharp to make more holes in text blocks and these are sharp.
1,This adhesive was very watery and didn't hold anything for me. Thinking I should return.
1,These things are so small there is not much you can do with them.  Definitely not hold a quilt together.  A joke.  Micro Mini.
1,ugh
1,broken
1,When I received this glue it was a solid mass.  Could not get one drop out of this "new" bottle of glue.  I am upset about this. I have used this glue for years and have never encountered this. I won't buy from this company again.
1,So tiny can't imagine them holding a bead in place .  This product packing says Sterling Silver .  Wish product was described better .  Maybe if they were described in American Measurements, I would of known how tiny they are.
1,I expected a pre printed canvas. There was no information that this was not pre printed.
1,This was used when I had it delivered to my home. It was half way empty. This stuff is usually amazing and is too expensive to be getting half empty containers.
1,While they are just fine as markers if you like hard plastic markers.  My preference is for rubbery flexible ones that are easier to handle and tend to not fall off the needles so easily that you have to go looking for them all the time.  They are fine otherwise, just not my preference.
1,Liked some of these...not wild about the ones that were days of week????  Wouldn't order again.
1,I was able to use some of this paper, but each page had huge dents in it for some reason.  I was able to camouflage some of it by embossing it.
1,This yarn works up into beautiful pieces and the colors are nice.  The yarn is warm and soft. However it pills horribly with very little wear.  I've made some really pretty throws and a sweater and all began to pill before the first washing.  The yarn is not cheap and should wear better than it does.  I won't use again.
1,Paints arrived and MOST are great.  HOWEVER - The grey one was OPEN and had spilled all over six of them covering the name of the color.  I can still use them but don't know what they are called - so replacing them would be really difficult if I wanted one again!  They grey one is only about 1/4 full and DRYED SPILLED paint everywhere!
1,I gave a 1Star bc the striped pattern that was created was nice. With that said this yarn split while crocheting making it horrible to work with.  I also saw  this identical name brand and colors in a fav store for half the price.  Not buying this yarn again
1,These don't show up on black construction paper like I wanted. Hard to get the white out, not the usual Sharpie markers.
1,This is not worth the money I paid for it, misleading, and I'm very dissatified.  C'mon, there isn't very much thread at all, on each one of these roles.
1,These were a little smaller than I thought they would be.  They can be used in earrings, but I would have preferred them to be a little bigger.  I will not buy these again.
1,I got this burner for the sole purpose of cutting and sealing fabric ribbon for hair bows to prevent fraying while I cut. I had been using it for about a month before the 1st tip I was using warped so badly I could not get it out of the burner without assistance from my husband. I'm not sure how or why but when he took the tip off the barrel seemed to be filled with black ash. The time and shaft look like they have really been through it. I just asked my husband to borrow his because the second and only useful tip for me warped and will not even cut through the thin polyester fabric! I don't know it there is a problem with the heat that is also prevented the tip to cut, I just know it won't work. Would love recommendations on what I should replace it with.
1,I knew these would be small, but not this small! I was disappointed with how little use you can get out of one bottle before it was empty. The fine spray mist was great, but the bottle could easily be twice the size.
1,These things twist apart every time you use them. I bought them to put a dog's tags on a collar and I am amazed they did not break while doing that.
1,I ordered (2)value packs that were suppose to have (3) sketch books per pack and I got (2) sketch books. NOT A VALUE PACK!!
1,these did not work at all.  after application and ironing, they left a pattern on the fabric from decal not attaching fully or properly to the fabric.  tried all the sheets, no luck with any.  save your money, don't purchase
1,I own probably a dozen or so Fiskars scissors and use them right along with my Ginghers; my Fiskars have always held up just as well through the beatings my sewing and crafting put them through and repeated home sharpenings. I picked up this pair to replace the MicroTips from my sewing bag because I wanted to try their RazorEdge line and I liked the idea of the blade guard. UGH!		This is the worst pair of scissors I've ever used, bad enough that I felt compelled to write a review. The blade dulls with the slightest usage and I'm constantly tightening the nut that holds the blades together. Because the balance is off, the Softgrip handles aren't even comfortable. I never thought I'd say this about a pair of Fiskars but this was a waste.
1,I ordered the "zebra" thread thinking it would be black and white. Not black white and light purple.  All three balls are like this. It looks like the black bled into the white.  I don't know what to do.  This thread was supposed to be for little doll outfits. As you can see  it doesn't look good. It looks sloppy. Cheap.
1,These water brushes are okay, but not what I was hoping for.		Pros:	-Great variety of sizes for both shape	-Nice water flow		Cons:	-The largest round brush won't keep a point.	-The large round also has some kinked or otherwise defective bristles.	-The large flat brush leaks every time I tighten the top. Even if the barrel is only half full. I think it's coming from the brush somehow.	-The caps do not stay on the backs of the barrels while in use.	-The caps on the two largest flat brushes don't stop well and you can easily crush the brushes by putting them on a little too far. (The flat brushes in the round caps is also awkward, but I don't know what else you could really do).		Overall I don't necessarily regret buying them, and based on other reviews I may have just gotten a bad set, but I would probably try a different set if I needed to replace them in the future.		EDIT: I've only used the largest brush maybe half a dozen times, and this last time I filled it and tightened the cap the whole thing snapped in half. Like, it wasn't even fully tightened. It was just starting to get there and it very casually just popped apart.
1,sucked....too cheaply made
1,This is a great, inexpensive paint, but not here....you can buy this paint at Walmart for less than $3, and the 16 oz size for less than $7.  I don't know why it is so expensive here.  Otherwise I would have given it 4 stars.
1,oh my goodness, I certainly would NOT have shelled out almost twelve bucks (including S&H) for this itty-bitty spool of "braided cord" if I'd had any idea that the image shown above is slightly larger than the actual spool in my hand. I have been looking for and working with braided macrame cord of much larger dimensions and, so, was expecting something a bit more substantial than string or thread.  I was shocked when I opened it. Am contemplating whether there is any use to which I can put this product but, what with various looming obligations, I don't really have the time or energy to consider it for a while. Hope I can make my mind up before it is too late to return it.
1,iTS OK
1,DO NOT buy this if you intend on using it for resin,,,,This mold is very hard plastic and although I sprayed it with mold release,,I could barely get my resin pieces out of the mold,,,it took forever and it ruined the mold in the process. I gave it one star because it does mold things into the shapes of the mold,,but that is all.. I will never, ever buy this again. It may work for candy,,,but it says,, "jewelry mold" and this is definitely not a jewelry mold.
1,It scratches your rings too much.
1,These pens are mostly pretty awful.  The non-brush ones are good and are India ink.  They do not bleed even through cheap paper.  The wide-tipped/brush ones are just awful!  I couldn't control the line I got from them and I have done calligraphy work, professionally, at times.  I will look at other Pitt pens to see if I can find something  more to my liking.  The fault could just be mine since I just don't like the brush tips
1,Lemongrass is not mustard yellow, as pictured. I'm disappointed as this is not at all the color I wanted. I'll use the yarn, but I will have to figure out something else for my current project. What a bummer!
1,This thing stinks! Doesn't work AT ALL! Waste of money and time.
1,Well, I just had the chance to use this clipper.  I am not impressed.  The lock keeps engaging.  The screw that holds it together keeps loosening and the spring keeps popping out.  I had to have a screw driver handy  to keep tightening it after 5 or 6 clips.  I will be sending back.
1,not easy to use really hard to seperate from fabric to get sticky side attached to fabric then transfer.
1,The spacers are Very Thin!	Disappointed.
1,The easels are fine they are actually bigger than I thought they would be.  They bend easily which makes me think that they may brake but so far they haven't.  The big problem I have with ordering the 10 pack is that they only send you 1 and you have to email and call to get the other 9 no discount you just get what you ordered in the first place a month late.  If you do order these get them before you book any classes.
1,I have been knitting for a long time and have always liked Red Heart yarn. My favorite source for yarn went out of business and I was delighted to find Red Heart on Amazon. Thank you.
1,I normally read customers reviews however I did not on this one. I do regret it. Once you buy this you are stuck with this because the seller has a no return policy. I am guessing because they know this product is not what you are expecting. Save your money. This package is very tiny with about 20 beads. I am so unhappy with this product.
1,These machine needles do NOT stay threaded.  Very Disappointing to me.  A neighbor even tried and they would still not stay threaded.
1,These markers were inexpensive, but still not worth the buy as they broke continually.
1,The product description said that it had drawers, which mean something that slides out and is secured from coming loose.  The only way this can be used is on it's back, so all items are squished in the back, negating use for delicate crafts because they get squashed.		My biggest complaint is the insecurity of the drawers.  When stood up, the "drawers" just slide out onto the floor with any small movement.  My cat came running into it, and all of the drawers exploded out of the insecure container (when lid is off) and I was left to sort and pick up all 82 pieces from the floor, under the couch, etc.  I don't understand why people like this so much if the boxes slip out at the slightest movement, and its not available to use vertically at all if you need to have access to several "drawers" at once, because any tilt will result in many drawers, slipping out and clattering to the floor.  Very impractical, returning.
1,2 of the caps were missing the ink was dried out before i could use it  i won't buy again
1,dissapiontingly cheap looking lace
1,One of the edges keeps on turning up a little--received it like this.  Thought that putting some weights on the edge wound straighten it out.  It did for a short while; however, it started to curl up a bit.  Probably good for small projects; unable to use with Martha Stewart's circle cutter.
1,Disappointed in the cheapness an structure of this.  Went back to using a clip board.
1,The holes are either way too big or way too small for a professional brush to be placed in on. Also, it is easily stained and is hard to remove the face painting ( which should wash off with soap and water ) stains that cause this item to appear very unprofessional with stains. I'm embarrassed to use this item. Because, when I'm face painting , the stains that I used multiple products to remove, never came off and so it looks gross when one is using it and there's people around that assess the stains on this item . Then, you appear dirty and unprofessional for using this , easily, stainable product.
1,These zippers are actually 8 inches, not 9. :-/
1,Doesn't seal and it gets everywhere.
1,I hate crazy glue and this is no different than crazy glue. The only difference is the price! Crazy glue is a fraction of the cost of this jewelry glue. The smell is unbearable- gives me headaches and the glue dries milky white.
1,Extremely waxy. Not rich. Hard to blend. Anemic. More like a crayon than a pencil.
1,They were all uneven and had to be returned. They caught in the yarn from all the ridges on the hook tips.
1,This hammer BROKE within ten seconds of being unboxed!  The head just snapped off!  At least Amazon let me return it, no problem.
1,Really it is a zero.  There is something in the middle that blocks this from punching correctly.  Things pivot from that center and the holes are punched with some, or all, open to the edge.  Once you make that punch you can reinsert and since there is not an opening in the paper the middle will slide right and the holes are punched correctly.  Unfortunately you have a double set of holes with the middle being open to the outside.  I am way to anal to accept this as a solution.  It simply does not work as it should.
1,These are made out of sheet type material, no good for kitchens
1,Disappointed.  It cannot punch through light cardstock at all.  Even after I punched through a sheet of aluminum foil a dozen times, it punched through looseleaf paper raggedly, roughly, unreliably.  I had trouble pulling the puncher out of the looseleaf paper after making a hole!  Messy holes.  I expected better from a Fiskars product because they have such a long and stolid reputation for their cutting tools.		I wouldn't recommend this item to anyone.  It came early and packaged well, but it's dinky and unweildy. Try another brand, I guess.  That's what I'll do.
1,These are just too intricate and do not punch well.  I have a Cuttlebug and have used many Spellbinder Nestabilities and all worked well.  I don't believe that I will get much usage out of these.  I have tried several ways including Cuttlebug and Spellbinder instructions and none work well for these dies.
1,I was expecting more from these pencils but they're pretty bad, don't waste your money and buy carb othellos or just about any other brand of pastel pencils, maybe these are ok to sketch with but that's about it, I use generals charcoal pencils and I like them but these are really bad
1,Breaks
1,I thought it was 4 tree dies in fact it is not you cut it out with 2 dies and piece the trees together I did not want this.
1,The yarn is organic and cozy soft but absolutely sheds and falls apart as you work with it. I kept the two almonds skeins because I already started the project but return the strawberry color skeins I ordered. I don't want to invest so much time and money in a project that will only shed on the recipient and may fall apart. It's too bad because the yarn is great to the touch and both colors were very attractive.
1,Its too small for me to get to work properly.
1,didnt do it for me	I tried to cover the white paint residual left on the sweat shirt	 It didn't do a thing
1,These DO NOT come off chalkboards completely. Very upset as it ruined a back to school board I was going to use for my 3 children. :/	On the plus side the colors are very bright.
1,These Derwent Paper Stumps  fell apart!! When blending in my coloring book with just colored pencils. Derwent colored pencils .I have used another band before these and They	worked very nicely .. however I really like Derwent artist , products.and wanted to try them.. I was disappointed. They Fell apart  like old tissue paper... ..
1,This spacer tarnished so I had to redo -All of my bracelets.		.
1,This is the perfect size and I thought the perfect weight.  HOWEVER if you love to collage your hand made book covers (like I do) this will NOT work.  It WARPS!  I now have to order heavy weight and re-do the book covers.  This may work for other uses but it's definitely not the right stuff for collage.
1,Not impressed. Expected to work better.
1,These are horrible. I should've went with the other reviews, but I was trying to save a buck  They don't have consistent brush tips, the lids fall off, they're frayed... Such a fail
1,This is the second review I've written about a PBN by Reeves company. I love the picture, but so far I have had to buy 4 replacements paints at the hobby store, because the paints were so thin they didn't come close to covering the mat and they separated as I stroked them on. Also the paint board is an odd size 15 3/4 by 11 3/4  and there are no frames to match it. I can either buy a custom frame on EBay that will cost me 2times the original cost of the PBN or I can cut the board down and lose a lot of the picture to fit into an 11x14 frame. I had to do this on my other picture and it really took away from the painting.	At this point I may not finish it, as I see I need another replacement paint. ( I have been buying Ceramcoat in 2 oz. .bottles)	Buyer Beware.
1,I bought these because it says they fit Singer 9960 Quantum - THEY DO NOY FIT. Very upset as I went by what description said. Now I am stuck with 4 packs as shipping back expensive . Thanks for nothing
1,Dont recommend, they break when you try to bend them to secure the cord
1,Too flimsy for planned usage.
1,The product listing uses the word 'brushes'...plural.	The product photo show 'brushes'.....plural.	I received a very fine 140 dollar brush....singular.	Not happy.
1,These are junk. They break when you use them.
1,It took me a few months to even have the opportunity to use it. I have a new baby! But when I tried to use it, the springs at the top under the punch part kept falling off. I have not once been able to get an accurate punch.
1,This stuff is no more than plastic tubing you can buy at any hardware store for about .75 cents a foot.
1,The thread sticks to the needle with the friction, not my favorite :S
1,The needles are roughly textured. Will keep only because my old Chibi container broke. Trashed the needles.
1,.The charms are not what i expected. I was pleased with the amount of charms but was not a big mix. The mix had 3/4 of leaf charms, half earings and a few other ones that were different. They were very thin charms . So thin you can bend with fingers. Not made as well as I thought would be. I ordered a mix from someone else who sent better made charms as well as more of a variety. Dont think I will order these charms from eCrafty again. It also took way to long to get them and just plain wasn't worth it.
1,Not much yarn with this product !!  Used to be you got so much for a couple dollars...........I would need 25 or more of these for just one blanket !
1,It arrived to my friend broken.
1,After reading all of the positive reviews, I was looking forward to these scissors but the ones I received were terrible quality. I can only surmise that these are somehow knock offs. They cut thread only about half the time. Thankfully, I was able to get a refund but I do not recommend these scissors at all.
1,Ordered this because it looked so pretty.  Boy, what a letdown!  I have a lot of patches and this one certainly doesn't look worth $6.00.  The colors are WAY off, and are not as delicate as pictured, but harsh and much darker.  The blue is not the pretty color shown, but almost navy blue.  The detail is very rough, so that you can see every single stitch.  Maybe this is a newer run, and they cut costs.  Looks cheap.  Very disappointed.  Sent it back.
1,Smaller than expected
1,Colors printed way too dark on this paper
1,These things are cheaply made. They break so easily! Do not buy!
1,Cheap..I guess you get what u pay for! Smelly..even after leaving to air out 36 hours. Hard to roll, too stiff, just thick plastic and tough to use..elastic too small to get pens/pencils in and out without a struggle.
1,Be aware that the Williamsburg Print, along with all multi-colored skeins,now contains only 236 yds not 244. Red Heart has decreased the amount of yarn in their multi-colored skeins ( not the price though).  This is a very tiny skein. I will find another brand if they continue this practice.
1,I am really not sure what it's suppose to do. when added to paint is lessens the color. Makes it more opaque.
1,One star for each one of these I've purchased, until the company decides to sell extra clips. DO NOT BUY. THE CLIPS WILL FALL OFF AND DISAPPEAR and you won't be able to shut them.
1,Flowers are smaller than I expected to be able to make. It only works on one of my machines, and then not very well. I will have to make a lot of test runs before I ever actually use it to decorate an actual item.
1,This yarn was way to small for the money
1,I ordered this pen holder to replace my old one that I lost.  The previous pen holder I had purchased from Silhouette and it was mostly plastic but the screw and hole were metal.  This item is all plastic.  The screws on both sides were stripped right out of the package.  I did not even get to use it.  The company is making me pay for shipping to send back a defective item!
1,I have never given a" 0" star review prior to this, and it is with regret that I do now. I can usually find a kind word to say about a product and I suppose that the number of brushes you get for the price could be considered. It took some time but I searched to find the bristle content and found they were made of nylon. Now I know why they hold absolutely NO paint. A stencil brush is designed to hold paint well as you must dab it on paper or cloth until the paint is nearly dry or virtually non- existent. These bristles being essentially plastic (nylon poly amide)  do not absorb any paint and therefore will never function as intended. In painting with other synthetics you can slather on paint, and still get the job done. With stenciling you must allow paint to be absorbed into the cuticle of the brush. These may be of help to the person who painted grout. I myself would not even consider these for new students because  the result would be inferior not because of the lack of skill of the person, but from the inability of the brush to do its job. These brushes are not worth buying, a grouping of plastic toothpicks would work as well.
1,The point on these pens is nice and small, making it possible and easy to write a lot of information on the smallest of labels. I intended to give them a 5 star rating until I found out that the slightest bit of moisture melts that information away and smears colored stain all over the label and your hand, the counter, surrounding objects...etc.  As it's pretty nigh impossible to avoid moisture in a kitchen, that makes these pretty nigh useless as label makers.  Back to clunky Sharpies for me, and back to Amazon for these pens!
1,poor twist at the base keeps getting hung on itself.  I have to keep manually unwinding from the spindle.
1,I would return these if it was worth it.  I could NOT get these on the #1 curved safety pins even with needle nose pliers.  Totally useless.  I will not buy these ever again nor would I recommend them to anyone.
1,Blades were dull could not cut through fabric after ordering twice with the same problem. Returned them all and bought a fiskars that works like a charm. I guess you get what you pay for.
1,too small
1,Not a good mix, not a good quality.  Not happy
1,I have red ones which work fine on light colored fabric. I was looking for black transfer pencils and nowhere in the product info is the lead color indicated.
1,poorly design. will not hold up if you travel a lot with it.	I think they should make one that the trays are maded out	of the same plastic as the container.
1,The magnet is weak, the case holds few needles and not any curved or long ones, I'll keep looking
1,Love the look of this stencil, unfortunately it has 2 pieces that are ready to break off. Those pieces keep getting snagged on my ink blending tool. This one is going back.
1,I paid $9+ for 364 yards of yarn!!!  TOTAL RIPOFF!!  These were supposed to be DOUBLE SIZED skeins!!!  I pay $2.50 for 364 yards at local stores!!!  I want a return label unless I get 2 more skeins, one of each color!!!
1,This is an affordable clay, but it has a strong smell and can be hard to work with. It's especially messy and you need a lot of water to keep it from sticking to your hands. It makes a good filler clay, however, if you're making large sculptures, and does air dry nicely, but I don't recommend it for finished pieces - only for filling large areas. You also can't bake it or put it over an armature, like other air-dry clays.
1,was unable to use this product in my HP printer, ended up ruining my printer and I had to invest in a new one.  Went through the whole packet and was able to get one good print to come out.
1,Too many tiny little pieces, I won't be a return buyer.
1,bad
1,This did not fit my Singer Quintet.
1,Only 364 yds, for the price($7 +} I was expecting the 744 yd skein. I don't know if this is an error or not.
1,I really wanted to love this item but sadly I don't. From all the positive reviews of this product I didn't bother purchasing a smaller version now I wish I had because I wouldn't have thrown so much money in the trash. I made my own pressing board from 3/4' plywood, on top a layer of the batting used for making hot pads and then a layer of cotton fabric. I also have a smaller version that I have covered with flannel. Both of these boards work better then the Steady Better. I would NEVER recommend this product to anyone for the price. I could have purchased a couple yards of fabric or put the money into rotary cutters.	Totally disappointed.	UPDATE: Wasn't to late to return this item so its going back. If you know someone that has this item and loves it. See if you can borrow theirs for a bit to make your decision to purchase. Never know you may love it just as much as the other positive reviews.	Oh...and one other thing, you can use steam with this board; however, it may warp. BE WARNED: I had this placed on my sewing cabinet next to my machine and the steam went though the board and discolored and raised the wood grain on my cabinet.
1,I was very disappointed two broke from the first sewing, very cheap needles.
1,Very poor quality plating.  Turns black in very short time.  Unable to clean it as plating rubs off.  I do NOT recommend this product.
1,The paper is really thin and kind of cheap. I will use it for fill in's on cards or in my journal. Definitely not great quality. Just OK. I would to buy it again.
1,I did read this was plastic and not silicone. That being said, the plastic is so cheap that I fear it will crack the first time I pour my soap into them.....that would leave me very upset. The quality of the plastic is similar to what you would find at the Dollar Tree. Ten dollars is a rip off and will be careful not to buy from this vendor again. If they do it here, you bet they will sell the same type of quality with other items. Very disappointed. FYI: when the product is not described for any reason, use the link below product description to file a dispute. This really helps. Best regards, cheryl
1,I purchased this graphite paper for transfers onto wood. Despite the description - the transferred lines will not come off with the recommended kneaded eraser. Rather than making my projects faster, I got stuck having to sand off the surface of several projects due to the lines created. The cost of this product is high, but when you also factor in the cost of time spent having to undo what the product has done - it's BEYOND excessive. I'm completely dissatisfied with the product as it does not provide an erasable transfer. I would not recommend this product for any wood transfer, and I can't imagine it working any better on other media.
1,As another reviewer wrote in their review of the Chestnut Tweed color, the Moss Heather product is not as pictured. The reviewer said he ordered Moss Heather but got (what he or she would have named) Olive Drab. That is so true! Beware of this color and only order if you want a dull, flat olive color.
1,They break easily.
1,I usually very happy to buy my yarn here but this specific item came to me yesterday and the colors were faded and off...
1,Sadly I can only give this brush a 2 star. The water flows and leaks from it far to easily however it does get into the smallest space. I will continue to use it but dip it in water instead of filling the barrel so that I can control the water flow better.
1,Vendor I bought these from was great and very cooperative but I had to return the item.  Repeatedly had to keep twisting the cable to the needle to keep the cable from falling off.
1,not soft. very very hard compressed.
1,just so so.....it tends to hang on the cloth like it is dull or something, don't like it and it has been shoved to the back of the drawer in the sewing room
1,not for me
1,Not impressed - maybe it's me but I haven't noticed that it stops tarnishing at all.  Yet a few girlfriends use it in plastic bags or boxes with their silvery jewelry.
1,Glue arrived dried into a solid chunk in the bottle.  Completely useless.
1,It is very cheaply made.  Several of the seems had holes were fabric wasn't caught in the seem. The fabric is very cheep and rips easily. The concept is wonderful but not effective when not made well. It's value was not worth the cost
1,Cute, right size but could not change stitch from zigzag. Nob would not turn. Cheap not worth repairing. Donated to Good Will and bought a Brother's much better.
1,i wouldn't recommend these. they are pretty however,  but too short, unless your project called for them. I prefer the longer quills and the larger, uncut "eyes " of the feather tops.
1,Not quality of material i had hoped for.
1,Do NOT buy it does NOT punch A5 GM Louis Vuitton Agenda
1,Many of these arrived in unusable condition, the ends fray very easily.
1,Wasnt that happy with this.  Wanted to put it on toasting glasses with Mr. and Mrs on it or Bride and Groom.  Looked tacky once on the glass.  Just not the right stuff.
1,I purchased this on line because it advertised the skein was 364 yards of yarn, not 244 yards. Had I known it was only 244 yards I could have purchased this at my local yarn shop for $2.99 each. Instead I paid over $6.00 each. Falsely advertised the skein was bigger than it actually is.
1,the Angler does not work on my machine as described.  Should have set it back.  It was shipped on time and received as agreed, the product is inferior
1,stripes to far apart could not use it
1,I got the wrong size of beads so I returned it!
1,I just received this.  The yarn label was missing, so I don't even know if I received a full skein of yarn or not.  The label has critical information for the crafter.  I won't be buying this yarn again.
1,It was much smaller than I expected.  I didn't check the size when I ordered it.  It also doesn't seem to have sufficient power to hold the frame with the lower plate in place. It doesn't seem to work the way that the other platform does with the plates. I haven't tried this with the frame directly on the platform (face up) and using both plates to make sure their is sufficient pressure.
1,Needed the big plates. When you buy the machine they give you little short pieces and I wanted full size. I am not happy with the Spellbinder cutting machine at all and am looking around for a different large mouth machine.
1,I purchased this for cutting both film and cardboard for stencils. The blade is about 3/4 inch above the shaft and is a couple mm front to back and seems thinner than a regular x-acto angled blade. When you press down to cut it bends and is too unstable to apply adequate pressure to cut through (it would only score for me as I was afraid to apply more pressure as it looked as though the blade might snap). In addition, it does not come with a cap! This is the first x-acto I've ever bought that didn't come with a cap. I presume they expect you to remove the blade and put it in the (thin, cheap plastic) case with the additional fresh blades. However, I'd rather not mix my fresh, new blades with old ones like that (but I suppose it doesn't matter since the knife doesn't cut well anyways).		I think if the blade were shorter - perhaps only 1/2 an inch above the shaft - it wouldn't wiggle and bend and I could apply more pressure to get it to cut through. However, the shaft does not allow the blade to go in deeper, so the only way to do that would be to snap/break the blade.		Disappointing - don't waste your money, just get a regular x-acto.
1,The ones I got were too small.
1,From the picture, this looked much more of a finer yarn than it is. It turned out bulky and unuseable and was not soft at all. Disappointed.
1,Spend the extra few dollars and get the larger style
1,Watch it!! At eleven it usually goes to 21 next. I will not reorder. Get the one made in Japan instead- Clover brand.
1,HORRIBLE--GRITTY--LASTS ONLY A COUPLE OF MINUTES...may be unauthentic.
1,These ARE NOT 12"x 24".  They are only about 11 1/4" wide!  Lost many decals that printed!  If I hadn't have opened, I'd have returned both packages!!!!
1,This color "cherry red" does not match other red heart cherry red yarn that I purchased at JoAnns. Don't be like me, purchase your yarn in person so you can properly swatch the color.
1,This product is easy to work with on larger pieces of fabric, but the fabric will not lie flat and smooth.  Since the fabric is only secured around the perimeter, the inside of the applique lifts and becomes unstable.  When additional applique pieces are added, you sometimes have loose fabric around the design.
1,Used up for my project but finished product didn't look right. Could have just been my choice of mold used. Would try it again for something else though.
1,Even though I carefully capped it it only worked the first time I used it. Very dissapointing
1,I was disappointed. This "Lamp Black" is a flat black paint, I haven't seen many flat black lamps. I wanted to use it to repair small chips in a black panther lamp and this DecoArt flat paint stands out horribly. At least it washed off with plain water.
1,I would like the set if the gold and silver PLATING, was thicker.		 As is, you can't make high-end jewelry with this, as the finish starts coming off in very few wears.  I watched a review on YT. after the fact.  OOPS, now have to find a very easy cheap pattern to use these up fast and still make money in a $20.00 and under sale.		I was hoping for a $4,000 finished product category.
1,Extremely waxy. Not rich. Hard to blend. Anemic. More like a crayon than a pencil.
1,These hooks are fine to use for thread crochet, HOWEVER the size numbers and metric do not correlate with any country I have checked. Not US, Not UK, Not Japan, Not Australia, Not France, Not international...also, about half of the hooks are smaller in mm than any US patterns I have. Pretty sure I could crochet with sewing thread with these. Good hooks but poor rating is for the lack of clarification on the sizing. These are not cheap, even as a set, and they should be clear as to which country these are made for.
1,I purchase most of my fabric online so I know monitors are different in portraying colors so I anticipate perhaps some difference, however this fabric is incredibly different.  It is not even close to the vivid bright blues, aquas and what appears as a streak of very bright aqua nearly white in the picture sample is a muddy gray blue color. Before I wrote this review I checked on a friends computer and hers too showed bright bold colors. Overall the fabric has much muddier value.  I'm very, very disappointed..
1,Unfortunately it leaks so much through the QDC that the brush won't hold pressure enough to be useful. Guess i'm sending this one back. Should have just bought one from CABS like I knew I should have in the first place.
1,Turns out, the meaning of TRI-colour listed in the description means triangular in shape, and NOT 3 colors per pencil, as the definition of tri-color connotates!!! So, if you are looking for a pencil with 3 colors and not one single color per pencil, then do not get these!!! I wonder if they sell tri-color ink cartridges that are triangular!!!	Because the wording of the item description is not correct and quite misleading, I am returning these pencils, as I have so many single colored pencils already...
1,I don't like its smells, and the light wick is very large in the candles. No good for me :(
1,The nut keeps coming off the side that attaches to the arm of the machine!  It has happened at least 5 times, and it ruins the project.  The nut comes off, which loosens the entire hoop, so the stitches do not line up.  Very unhappy with this hoop.
1,I would not buy this product again! it broke within 10 minutes!	I would buy a better quality one if I ever decide to latch hook again!
1,Not a great value.
1,I have used many battings over the years and just tried this in a large throw size quilt. Good quality, consistent throughout and even on the edges. I thought the thinness of it would make a light quilt for a southern climate with some drape to it.	I quilted as I normally do; it machine quilted just fine. Even though it's thin, it makes for a very dense, stiff quilt.	And it feels heavy.	The quilt can almost stand up on its own. I have not laundered it yet and hope that will soften it up.	But as it is now: It is not soft, fluffy, light, airy nor drape-able.	I most likely will not use this product again.	Back to 80-20
1,I sent these back as 90% of them had scratches or chips on the stone. They were unusable for jewelry. For the price I would have expected something better. They did ship fast however.
1,After reading mixed reviews, I thought that I would give it a go.  I am more than a little patient.  I have been sitting here trying every trick in the reviews to get this to work and it still keeps breaking.  I was not given the option of contacting the seller, but would love to know if they have any ideas!  I tried a net, no net, cap on, cap off, lowering tension, etc., and still the thread broke with only a few stitches into the project.  Now I'm more than a little aggravated as I could have put my money to better use than another mess!
1,Not ever having used a mandrel for rings before I did not have a complete of what I was looking at.  This mandrel has a depressed measurement area on opposite sides.  This creates issues in making a completely round ring without leaving some unwanted angle, no matter how small.  And this also makes it impossible to hammer more than just a small area at a time for shaping and hardening.  Don't waste your time.  Next time I will shop local.  I am not going to bother returning it - already recycled the boxes and just not worth my time.
1,Every knitter is different. Some prefer bamboo needles and some metal. After receiving these needles and trying to knit rows of 235 stitches I found that they are horrible! You really have to work to get the stitches to the end of the needles. It's very hard on the hands and you can only knit a couple rows before you have to stop because your hands hurt too much. Bamboo may be alright for very slippery yarn in smaller guages so the stitches don't slip off. The Addi turbo needles are the way to go for me. They are worth every penny extra you spend. Anyone who suffers from carpal tunnel's should stay away from bamboo needles. I hope this review helps any new knitters out there.
1,Just recv'd item and the case is broken in the back so it will not stay closed.  All the chalks have black smudges on them, the white has the most.  Not pleased
1,I had this machine for almost 1 month and used it really very little. First I will state that this has a lot of cheap plastic parts but I was willing to overlook that for the price because it initially sewed well.  It also wobbled especially when I sewed at a faster speed as it seemed the feet were uneven and I was never really able to get the bobbin winder to work correctly.  One night the needle started jamming up in the bobbin area and I broke 3 needles so I decided it wasn't worth the hassle and frustration.  I returned it and paid more money for a better quality machine.
1,I bought this in Oct 2013 didn't start using it until mid December 2013, it is now Mar 2014 and less than three months of use and it has fallen apart.  I only use it for tutu's and bows.  The tulle is light weight and the glue gun is also light yet this did not hold up.  I saw the bottom plank was out of joint on one side and attempted to gently put it back in place, next thing I know the "bolts" started coming out of the holes for other areas.  Then the thing simply came completely apart!  Now some would say I probably put it together wrong..nope hired a professional to do it and it still didn't hold up.  SoOO disappointed!  The concept is great but since it has only been used in a single place and not moved this shows the materials were not up to par on this craft cart.  OH and don't let the heat resistant claim lead you to believe that it is a strong and sturdy purchase.
1,Does not work for a Brother SE400 embroidery sewing machine. I have 2 of these and when I put this bobbin case in either machine whatever I am embroidering  shows the white bobbin thread all along the edges of the design. Nothing I adjust on the machine changes this. I read the reviews before I purchased this so based on those I thought it would work. Sadly it does not.
1,Not very sharp scissors.
1,Too big
1,I don't like being taken to the cleaners. This is literally five sewing pins with an inexplicable square of cloth. You can buy 500 pins for this price. My bad, I didn't read the description carefully and thought I was ordering a new tip.
1,These colors barely show up on paper!
1,These things are absolutely terrible. The inserts don't fit without serious sanding and a strong arm to shove them in, the lid doesn't close once you do get them in so you have to strong arm the damn things back out with pliers and cut each one... I have three of these things, I hate them. Invest in something made by Plano or Bead Storage Solutions.
1,I purchased this based on the claim that it was matte and transparent. I use transparencies in my artwork, but dislike the glare of the gloss. The sheets are like thick vellum and not remotely transparent. Light comes through when you hold it up. The product also arrived 4 days later than expected.
1,Not that great cheaply made
1,I had trouble using this because it is too thick to be near the needle where I need to gage the fabric.  It is a good product, just not for my brother sewing machine.
1,I didn't care for this mod podge. It left a foggy film. I may not have used it correctly but I followed instructions.
1,Good for the price but quality of items is not worth spending.
1,I was hoping it would fit on my Viking 930 - tried for an hour; just not the right configuration. So, I bit the bullet, went to the Viking Store yesterday and paid $116 for the Viking walking foot. A Valentine present to myself :o). The difference in quality is immense. I guess you do get what you pay for.
1,These are pretty useless, really.  You don't really need them.
1,For a corner punch - this needs to be sharper. Edges look chewed off when I use this particular punch. Not happy, wish I could return.
1,It doesnt show at all!!!! It doesnt paint like image advertised. Very misleading!
1,It's okay but you get what you pay for.
1,not as sharp as I thought they would be
1,the Pad is kind of dry im going to have to buy a refill and i haven't really used it...not impressed, not my first ink either i always store my ink pads upside down too keeps the ink on the pad surface.
1,I truly loved these upon receipt...and hated them after I wore them for a few days...the plating wore off very quickly and these gave me discolored earring holes! Buy the rose gold filled french wires they are so much better!!
1,Cheap enough to be worth a try--but on use this disappoints. First, smells oily--and is oily if you get some on your hands. And if you're trying to use in a tight spot, say the corner of your car windshield, good luck. The scraper is a challenge to use while attached to the bottle, and the little sponge gets grungy with any adhesive you're trying to remove. In a few tries, the duck got some of the old decal adhesive off but fluffed the rest, even after two applications . Had to use an old shave blade. Live and learn. If it's too cheap . . .
1,Poorly made. Don't buy.
1,Had to send back 2 jars that were dried out. Got this instead. Good item.
1,I'm not going to buy this kind of paint again. It is so chalky and gets dry even in the bottle. Sorry.
1,Too much tension on the tweezers.  I believe my hand would get sore after a while. I just use a regular spoon as a scoop.  The little green tweezer that come in a 2-pack are sooo much better!
1,I mostly wanted these ink pads to antique the edge of cards & to stipple it onto scrapbooking embellishments to give them dimension. The ink pad is so hard, by the time you put enough pressure on the edge of your card to get the ink out, it bends the card & doesn't go on softly as requited to antique a card. I have a very firm stippling brush & it won't even pick up enough ink to stipple with. Definitely returned them. Sure wish Creative Memories still carried their ink pads or that I could find the petal point or cat eye ink pads in the colors I want.
1,The "antique" part of these bracelets is that they're covered in black gunk. They look tarnished, but you can tell it's actually some kind of product that was put on them in the holes where they're suppose to slide.
1,Cute in theory but paint doesn't really go through the openings and ink gets under the thin plastic. I regret this purchase.
1,the thread shreds as it goes through the needle, so I cannot use it.
1,Helpful little gadget
1,Ok
1,I know it's not a lot to spend, but if you need the product and get something else, it kind of irks you.  I received bobbins that were absolutely NOT 15j!! They were imprinted with "Singer" but they were rounded and much skinnier than the 15j should be.  Don't bother...go to a fabric store and get a package that says Singer AND 15J.
1,Fakes - search elsewhere.  Says made in Germany w double crimp on ferrules but they are made in China and only single crimps.
1,This art bin works but its far from the best. Upon receiving the item I was instantly disappointed in the quality. The plastic is VERY thin. I bought a $2 bin at Target  (with no dividers) that felt more sturdy than this. The dividers that came with it are slightly different sizes and will only work in their appointed sections (which is inconvenient ). The plastic tabs that keep the bin closed are so thin they fall off sometimes and am afraid this thing will break one day. With that being said, the design is practical. It will fit a good amount of things..and the customization feature is nice . If you don't care about quality, this will work for you. However, I do not believe this bin should cost more than $5
1,Very, very small.
1,No way its 500. Barely 100 beads. Not good. The worst order you can make.
1,I was really upset after using these. Right out of the package they look beautiful. There was a few broken in each package and they're are a few defective ones that are stuck together but that's not what bothered me. I made hundreds of pieces of jewelry out of these just to find out that if they're worn often or get wet at all the color comes off an leaves you with an ugly yellowish glass ball. Unless you want to sit down and clear coat each bead individually, I would highly suggest not using these for jewelry unless you plan on never wearing the jewelry.
1,This goes way too fast and the needle is too flimsy. I ended up hand beading a 24 strand project. Waste of money.
1,Like other reviewers wrote, many of the pads were either dry or close to it upon receipt. I am disappointed. Two stars only because the ones that aren't dry are nice.
1,I bought these for starting my business on etsy and I was very disappointed. they need to be sandpapered down or something. I am not a wood builder or anything like that, wich is why i buy my wood already carved out and ready to be painted.but these were not ready to be painted. I make kids toys and I cant use these unless i want to the kids splinters. i had to be careful to hold them. in the picture they look very smooth but the ones i received were very rough and had chips of wood sticking out. another thing is they are very small. I have a hard time determining measuring in sizes so part of that is my fault/. will not be buying these again.
1,Not what i expected to tiny for my craft snowman
1,Use a regular table knife instead.
1,I have a sweater I knit for my son a long time ago, and I wanted to copy it for one of his daughters.  The old sweater is 17 stitches and 25 rows per 4 inches.  I looked for yarn that was close, and the ball band on this yarn said 17stitches and 23 rows per 4 inches on 5mm needles.  So I started in on the knitting.  It's a baby sweater, so I didn't swatch, since it's already so small that it serves as it's own swatch.  Well, this one is going nowhere, since, on my Addi 5mm needles, the stitches are loose enough that I'd normally go down another size needle to get a more pleasant hand to the fabric and to close up the stitches that would otherwise catch on baby fingers ...  but it's already at 20 stitches and 24 rows per 4 inches, which makes the same number of stitches 2.4 inches narrower than the original, at the same time as being too loose a knit.  This Yarn is MUCH closer to DK weight than worsted weight.		And, unlike some people who thought it didn't split, this yarn was splitting from the cast-on forward.  I am not please with this yarn form Red Heart, a brand I usually trust, and a brand whose other yarns I use frequently.  I will not be buying this "Soft" brand again.  I will start over on the sweater with some other yarn.
1,I bought 5 different fine tipped markers and 2 of the bullet point ones. I used them to draw pictures on plates for christmas gifts. The bullet point markers were the best. STAY AWAY FROM THE FINE PRINT ONES!!! They are difficult to have a steady flow of paint that comes out. You have to constantly push in the point and tilt it on its side. Sometimes a lot comes out and sometimes not enough. On each picture you can tell where I had to push in the tip. One part is dark, the other not so much. It was really difficult to get the paints to blend together.
1,The rosewood beads are not natural and are heavily dyed. With only a drop of water on them they stained a towel red when I dried my hands. This is disappointing as they will not serve my purposes at all.
1,A lot of these broke so easily with normal use.  The clips do not hold up to repeated use.
1,Would never recommend it . Total waste of money.
1,Went to go return it and basically you gotta pay for return. Why would I send back a item and only get back .25 cents?	#don'tbuyfrom3rdparty
1,Poor quality. Ends come right out of the crimped end. One piece even had the wax cord tied together in the middle like they ran out and tied the two pieces together. All this after a 6 week wait to arrive.
1,get silicone spray instead. this epically failed my use.
1,Hard to work with as plastic cord is very stiff and in my opinion..needles themselves are too long in comparison to cord length.  Not as well made as I expected.
1,arrived leaking and had hardened all over the outside of the container and the box
1,Recieved item 5 days via USPS. Product packaging diffrent from the original picture. The size of the Brass needle is only 2 5/32 in Lenght dia is 1/8" inch. Why is it caled Jumbo Lacing Needle. I recieved the brass needle in a tarnished condition. I thought  I bought a NEW item. This was made in Taiwan ROC. As all the reviews that other buyers have indicated the same results. I purchased 12 time from Amazon.com and a New prime membership holder. Of all the products I've ordered. This is the first poor rated review I have given so far.		To the seller: The major problem for para cord for not fitting is because the inside diameter of the needle is supposed to be 1/8" inch. Not 1/16 like the ones you are selling. Quality. Control. department correct this problem and you will get the 5 star rateing for all your products. The inside diameter of the laceing needle is the issue.
1,Nice look to it, bought it as a gift not realizing there is some charm on it that seems to be from the twilight movies. Wasn't very happy with that but the recipient hasn't seemed to notice it or be bothered by it anyway.
1,Super hard to put jump rings through, it will only work if you have really thing rings or you could use thin wire but that is not what I wanted to do. Very disappointed.
1,DOES NOT WORK WITH CRICUT EXPLORER AIR. Even though when you type in the search box on AMAZON "cricut explorer air blade housing" this comes up in the results, Not a returnable item
1,Very disappointing string of very obviously dyed beads.  Your guess is as good as mine as to what type of "gemstone" they are, however they aren't Lapis/Malachite beads. Total waste of money and time
1,I made two separate purchases of vinyl: a roll of this product and a variety pack of 12"x12" sheets. Both were advertised as Oracal 651 permanent vinyl. One of the main purposes I intended for the vinyl is to use it with my Silhouette Cameo for silkscreen printing on fabric. In short, this product did not adhere to the silkscreen, as it should have if it were genuine 651. The variety pack vinyl worked like a charm.		Read on for the specifics.		This item:	- Packaging: no packaging that identifies this product as Oracal 651.  As other reviewers have stated, it comes with just a sticker label with an item barcode that holds the roll together.	- Performance: sticks okay but is definitely not permanent; it's more like a sticker. I can easily peel it off plastic surfaces. FOR USE WITH SILKSCREEN PRINTING: this product would not attach to the silkscreen when attempting to detach from the transfer tape. It was a nightmare trying to pull the vinyl off the transfer tape and attach it to the silkscreen.		Two star review based on affordability and its potential to be used for certain limited projects where permanence is not required.		If you're looking for a stronger adhesive, pass on this product.
1,I would not purchase this item.  Save your money for a new set of clear plates as they will wear out.  I prefer to use a thin sheet of chipboard to my 'sandwich' to add the texture of the die to my paper.
1,The desing does not work when its punched out.
1,Not as impressed with this one.  The words really do not come out clearly either sponged, stippled, sprayed or applied with a stencil pad.  However, I do use them for texture, which is ok, too.
1,So wanted this to work . Had new poly blend soccer socks in white I wanted to turn grey. It looks good but it washes out right away and continued to each wash until they were a faint grey. Funny enough on.pair of shorts they held bette, they were 100% polyester. It is so dependant on the actual material and mixture of poly, rayon , nylon etc
1,Not easy to use. Instructions unclear.
1,It is very fine. Not as described. It seems more like a thick string than yarn.
1,The light from these is so dim, I really couldn't use them for the purpose I intended (display lighting).  It's a very warm light, yellow-tinged, which may or may not be to your taste.  The bulb that lights them is one of those tiny Christmas candle-style ones, so you can imagine what quality of light you're getting.  The plastic of the "box" is also a fairly flimsy frosted piece that is easily whipped around and toppled by the cord, and as there's no backing to the box, you'll have to guard that bulb with your life.  Not particularly useful.
1,They splay really quickly. Handle and ferrule quality is high though. You do get what you pay for go cheap and regret it.		Edit: Customer Service is top notch they issued me a full refund for these brushes. To reiterate the handle and ferrule of these brushes is some of the highest quality I've seen next to my windsor & newton. I do like how they hold but the splaying has been quite extreme on most of the brushes. I will try to trim them to see if I can fix it.
1,several of the little gems were missing in these beads. while using them, several more came out. they are not very well made even though they're pretty
1,Not quite the size listed in the description. Some of the wood was warped, making it impossible to fully close the drawers.  Unpleasant odor; similar to a varnish smell, but not something I wanted to live with.  Purchased this one thinking to use it with 2 others I had bought from a major online art supply retailer, but returned it due to quality issues.
1,The holes are too large and round. I'd hoped to use this for cross-stitch, but unlike 14-count vinyl weave/vinyl Aida, it doesn't look nice because of the hole shape and size.
1,I started a test page. That was ok. Then moved on to card stock. Total fail! Cut the top 2 " then it just tore paper and never cut the rest.	Too expensive to have not able to cut card stock. Main thing I use is card stock? Back to ole Sizzix! Darn It!
1,The holes are miss drilled and break really easy.
1,The bead cover is the rite size but the opening is very small and they come out 2 at a time and you can't get them apart.  Very frustrating to say the least. And I bought TWO. RRRRRRRR. I am thinking I need to just send them back.
1,I usually love Prima Marketing products....They work beautifully and I never had any issues until I bought this one.  Maybe I got a lemon but I was missing numbers 25 & 30, and got a duplicate for number 32. Also one side of the palette (inside lid) had a huge scratch in it.  The colors themselves are beautiful & rich and of good quality. I just wish I had received all of them :(
1,Did not even want to give it a whole star, would have done a half star. I was the lids and cups do not stop when they are screwed together then they fall apart, I am at the height of my jewelry making season and these do not work!
1,There must be inconsistency in the manufacturer's quality review as so many folk loved this stuff.  I experienced something dreadfully different from the batch I received.  The thread I received was extremely thin even for 50 weight. The thread is advertised a 3 ply....nope, it's not...maybe on microscopic examination but not to my eye. On one spool the thread broke so often as to render it useless. In decades of sewing I can count on one hand the number of times I've had broken thread and those were always due to user error.  On another spool it seemed sturdy enough for piecing but had a crazy ridiculous amount of lint and fuzz build up.  I am an experienced quilter and seamstress who hoped for a bargain.  Which this would have been had the quality been anything close to useable.  Lesson learned.
1,Product fell apart almost right off the bat
1,Used it all of 3hrs and clogged and burnt up. Returned to Amazon and with refund ordered a better gun	The glue sticks it comes with are good quality
1,The cord that connects the two needles is cheesey. I can't even begin to knit something with these things. The area where the needles and cord connects is tilted the wrong way as well; so it will be impossible to make a circle even if the cord relaxes.
1,Already broke. The string inside busted. Very disappointed.
1,See.. the buttons are WOOD (warm) the colors are GREAT (hot) yet the OWLS are sooooo SAD!
1,I was so excited about using this, and I was so disappointed when I opened my package and realized that the letters were not reversed as in most stamps. There are a few letters that work, but most of them end up being the wrong way round.
1,Wick would not stay lit.
1,Website clearly states that these aren't waxed but they obviously are. Disappointed because the wax will block the essential oils from absorbing into the stone properly...
1,I tested the Rit black dye on three garments:	(1) one white, all cotton pillowcase	(2) one white cotton scarf with nylon lace detail	(3) two light green cotton-silk (67% cotton; 33% silk) pillow shams		I wanted to test the result on different fabrics and colors.  The results, in the same order, were:		(1) Slightly uneven color.  Weird medium purple color with gray and brown undertones -- an ugly color!  Stains on the pillowcase still showed.	(2) Slightly uneven color.  On the main cotton fabric, I got the same medium purple color with gray and brown.  On the nylon fabric the color was richer, more purple.  Neither was remotely close to black.	(3) Slightly uneven color.  I got the darkest purple result on the green, cotton-silk pillow shams, oddly enough.		I read several testimonials before starting and followers instructions to the T.  I used my top-loading washing machine for ease of use, but I did note that some had better luck with a bucket.		My next step (since none of the above results are the least bit satisfactory) is to dye my 3 garments again, but this time with "Dylon velvet black" dye using a bucket and boiling water.  Because I'm starting with a dark color, I may have better luck.  Also, I'll use less water so the color can saturate better.  Dylon's black dye is a blue-black, without purple/red undertones.  I'm hoping this will neutralize the dreadful purple/gray/brown color I got with Rit.		Don't waste your time and resources on Rit!  Huge mistake!
1,The threads are not strong enough it kept breaking
1,to small i could use then
1,The Ultimate Sweater Machine does not work very well.  The concept is very good, but the execution is not. The DVD was very informative and made it look very easy.  I love the yarn that came with the machine. The carriage gets stuck about half way across the first row.  After several hours of trying, we finally knit about 1 1/2 rows.  If there isn't enough pressure on the carriage, the keyplate pops up and stops making stitches. If you exert a little more pressure, the carriage jams and will not move in either direction..  If you take the keyplate out or back up a little to get it unjammed, it drops your stitches. We tried re-waxing the keyplate, re-assembling a few times, and also using different tables to make sure it was flat. We made sure the hem was not in the way.  Still not much luck.  It made beautiful stitches when we cast on using the "e stitch" and then moving the needles by hand. If we wanted to knit by hand, I would not have purchased a knitting machine.  My son's words were, " It's the worst present I ever got!"  I am seriously thinking about sending it back.
1,Sadly for me, this is totally the wrong size.
1,Great product
1,Ordered 2 pkgs. I wax fine. The other was short several charms and not a good assortment of charms
1,Didn't fit my Bablylock G2.  I didn't want to force it to fit.
1,poor quality
1,The metal tip pulls out easily and sticks inside the cap.  A waste of money.
1,The edge is a little sharp.
1,I've been using Red Heart yarn for years and it's always been nice and soft and easy to work with.  However when I chose this variegated combination to use in my current project I noticed it's very scratchy and rough feeling and also hard to work with.  It doesn't slide off the crochet hook easily.  I love the colors they make in this combination yarn but there is something about the fabric content that makes it scratchy so I won't be using it again.  I compared the content to the plain colors and it's the same so they must be doing something in the color process that makes it rough.  Come on Red Heart I know you can do better, your yarn has always been so great to work with and such a bargain to buy.  Don't mess it up now!  I'll stick with the solids.
1,Ugly color
1,Awful product ! it's not as described and from the 2 bags I bought, each had less than 90 pcs; from the 90 pcs, 9-12 pcs are unusable (crystals are fallen from the rondelle - see the pictures attached).
1,The stencil IS the size mentioned but the picture is a lot smaller on it than I expected. I may still be able to use it but not for what I'd planned. Appears well made.
1,I wasn't  impressed with these brushes because they weren't what I was looking for.  I wound up giving them to a friend that uses large brushes.  This doesn't mean they were no good , they just wasn't for me.
1,Was a gift. I already responded.
1,I ordered this product because in the description it stated size from 12mm to 40mm.  40mm is 1.57 inched.  I needed at least a couple of them to be the claimed 40mm.  That was the main reason for ordering these gears.  There largest was 1.  You need to change the description.  I will be asking for a refund.
1,Very bad design I bought it for the box since I know and read that the thread is not a good quality, but the design of the box is crappy.
1,Not good for rubber stamp making. It's way too "gooshy" and soft, so any detail mushes. It might be good for padding or vibration reduction, just not for the actual carving end.
1,These don't start very well, 3 of the 5 I tried either ran fluid only, no color, or did not write after a LONG time "priming" them.
1,Not a good buy. Mine were dull and used.  Not really craft scissors
1,I ordered these with my new sewing machine - came up as compatible but they are actually too small from what I can tell :/  Useless for me but they were so cheap it's not worth returning after waiting a couple of weeks to get them
1,The first week that I used my Janome DC2012 I had problems with the bobbin jumping out of the case. This is not a user issue as many have reported that their Janome machines have serious bobbin case issues. I have owned many machines and have never had this issue until purchasing Janome brand.		It will not sew through multiple layers of fabric without jamming up and giving the warning that the machine is "overloaded". We are talking a pair of toddler jeans here. If this machine will not sew through multiple layers of jean fabric then, really, what is it's function?		I wanted a machine that I could use everyday for small projects but have found that, instead, what I do have is another inferior quality product that was no doubt engineered to be replaced in a matter of years for greater profit for the company.		Probably the best route to take in acquiring an excellent product engineered to last would be to invest in an older model sewing machine made in Japan, Germany or Sweden. Anything else is a waste of precious time and hard earned money.		****UPDATE****		I was just informed by Janome ( Corporate office ) that my machine must be shipped to their headquarters for service, and, that I am responsible for shipping the item to them. Not only must I ship the machine to them for service but I must enclose a check for return. After only 7 months of use the machine needed servicing due to bobbin jumping out of bobbin case. I took my machine in to a local Janome dealer and they said that I had probably been sold a refurbished machine through HSN.	 Since I did not want to spend 100 dollars sending my machine to Janome headquarters I just took it locally to be serviced and was charged only 49.95 for that service.		Janome warranties are only honored through Janome headquarters if bought outside of a Janome dealer.		All corporations appear to operate as greedy, profiteering entities with absolutely no consideration for their customers. Janome will not be getting anymore business from me.
1,Worked great for about a minute, but I find it more efficient to just directly toss cash from my wallet into the trash.
1,Colors are great. The big problem is the marrakesh color is advertised at 364 yards but is actually 236 yards according to the skein sleeve. False advertising? I do know that  no 2 skeins of red heart are the same length no matter how they are marked. But 128 yards falsely advertised is ridiculous. I bought 4 skeins so I got shorted 512 yards or about 2 1/2 skeins. Received 20 more skeins today, 4/20. All were advertised as 364 yards per skein but in actuality were 236 yards. In other words I was fraudulently shorted over 2500 yards more with this order. The total shortage for all ordets received so far is just over 3000 yards.
1,Disappointing.  This doesn't do much.  My thread still tangles and twisted.  Better off with some bees wax. Bummer.
1,Dried up after a week of use
1,The size 7 needle broke the nylon cord after using it for 1 week. Returned it
1,The glue works, but trying to put the plastic wire back into the hypo needle is a nightmare.  The glue oozes out of the hypo so you can't see where to put the plastic wire.  I threw it away in frustration after using only 15% of the glue.  There are too many glue products out there that are easier to deal with for me to waste so much time on something this difficult to cap.
1,Good color and application but the bigger nibs fragmented really quickly. Better to buy up that use these margin pens.
1,Very small...
1,paints all dried up
1,The product description is wrong. The canvas is NOT color coded.
1,Boxes were warped on inside.  Looked like some moist damage.
1,These ere very cheap. I bought a few packs for an event. Non of them lasted the whole 4 days. They kept breaking and unhinging. It was a nightmare.
1,Very disappointed with the size.  2.8 inch by 3.5 inch. where am I going to use it? Very small size...totally disappointed
1,Not as described at all.  I got 12 bookmarks with a simple flower design on the bottom of each hook that looked like they were designed by a 4 year old (no "Mix" of designs and none of the designs shown in the product description).  The bookmarks are all scratched and chunked up - virtually unusable if you plan to use for gifts or for crafting.  You get what you pay for.
1,Sticker sheet thrown in a box, missing stickers, some no longer sticky. Discoloration at the bottom corner.
1,The first time I used my Laser Square, it worked great. A few days later I was going to use it again but the light wouldn't come on. I thought that maybe I had forgotten to turn it off. I put in another battery. However it comes on but goes right back off. Of course I had already thrown the box away so I'm stuck with a do nothing square.
1,itzy bitzy tini weenie
1,This is really not a quality item. The two prongs at the top are not fixed and able to freely slide out of the socket that it's plugged into and the base doesn't attach to my table so I had to use 3m adhesive to fix it to my work bench.  I'm wondering where all the positive reviews are coming from. I would return mine but it's not worth the hassle at this point.
1,I purchased these pastels to add to the number of colors in my collection. One of the packages had gooey stuff all over the inside plastic cover. There is more packaging than actual product and the actual pastels are not the consistency I expected. I expected a chalky consistency and these were gooey. I returned these pastels.
1,This yarn was way to small for the money
1,I got these because I needed a small seam ripper (like the one that came with my brother cs6000i), and the price justified giving them a try.  Do NOT get these!  They are almost useless.  Not sharp at all, and the points do not fit into small stitches very well.
1,Went back to my previous glue gun. This one fits well in the surebonder glue gun stand and is light weight, but the glue sticks constantly get stuck and you have to push them down into the "chamber". I know this happens with most glue guns, but I bought this one hoping it was better than my previous one and it's 10x worse. I have the surebonder cordless hybrid which stands on it's own.
1,It's just a regular plastic machine. There's nothing heavy duty about it. It loads the bobbin from the top -- I really dislike that. There's not really anything special that warrants the $250 price. You can get one just like it for 1/2 that price. Guess I just paid for the name :/
1,These were absolutely unusable. They are acrylic, not crystal or even glass. They were also delivered19 days later than the latest delivery date promised. No one answered my e mail when I tried to make contact. Do not waste your time and money on this product. I was very disappointed with this purchase.
1,totally inefficient
1,Amazon claims this measures 364 yards in length. When I got the yarn it said right on the package 244 yards. If I didn't need the yarn to complete a project I would return it. It is completely overpriced for what you get.
1,did not work well will ruler for cutting quilt squares and strips
1,I agree with other reviews of this yarn. I was delighted to find these small bits in varigated colors but the weight is NOT DK (sport, #3). The weight is closer to #4. Hard to knit with, especially with bamboo needles, since it is rough.
1,I regret that this product has now faded or poor ... Oh one more. Brush the hair will not write .... turns out it helplessly.
1,Waste of money
1,The picture is totaly differant than what I received, will have to use it due have project to complete now. Love Red Heart products but the picture does not correspond with the actual product.
1,Junk! Don't waste your $$$. Too late to send back.
1,this breaks pretty easy when trying to bend it. I would not recommend if you have close tight bends. not recommended.
1,I bought these embossing folders to use with my big shot. I was definitely disappointed. I had to file down the ridges as it cut through the paper rather than emboss it. I tried using different shims and then with no shims. I could not get them to work properly.
1,Ehh. Didn't cost much. The mandrel is not true to size.
1,These sponges are weak. They break with the first use. Not worth buying.
1,Not great paints. Poor at best.
1,Not very useful
1,Cheap, not very usable
1,Does not hold ink well--blotches and excess ink smear. Real garbage.
1,too expensive and very slow ship
1,Smells horrible like rotten eggs. The colors themselves are ok but I'd rather work with other brands.
1,owned about 3 months and does not pick up bobbin thread under batting, does not work for ANY decorative stitches! Their worth about $60 face it people. I don't have a nearby place to repair the timing for $60 and im not paying $200 to ship it back for repairs. Very disappointed at this product. Should be included in the manual how to fix your own timing! It sews two pieces of fabric together perfectly without missing a single stitch but if you add batting or a zipper or any decorative stitch the top thread just lays on top the fabric without looping the bobbin thread at all! NOT only that you scumballs had the price jacked up to $180 after i looked at it and lowered it again after i bought it!!!!! F*** YOU.
1,I had previously used a bamboo hook made by Chiaogoo, and thought I would buy a bamboo set to fill in gaps of hooks I didn't have.  I really wanted to like these, but I didn't.  I've been crocheting about a year and like the rubber handled hooks by Yarnology the best, then by Clover (although haven't tried a ton).  I really liked the Chiaogoo, but these were not as smooth and really slowed my crochet down.  I'm sure a lot of that is personal preference.  I also would not recommend these for amigurumi because that is such a tight crochet that I feared I was going to break the 3.5mm hook while doing it.  That hook also had a small chip out of it in a place where the yarn caught occasionally.  I know I could have sanded it, but these hooks are just not for me.  I couldn't enjoy crocheting with them and I even switched hooks in the middle of an amigurumi pumpkin even though the hook I switched to was a different size.  I just couldn't foresee using the hook the whole time since I was not liking it.  This review is based more on my preference and how they worked for me - and besides the one chip on one hook there really isn't anything wrong with the hooks themselves.  But they are not as smooth as Chiaogoo and I didn't like them.  They will be going in the next garage sale!
1,Wow this hemp stinks! I couldn't even use it.
1,This yarn was way to small for the money
1,It's so annoying when the manufacturer doesn't provide a list of compatible machines for those of us who are new at this and unfamiliar with the parts. The part looks well made. However, even though the description said it works with Singer models which have a side fastening thumb screw, which my machine has, this can't be installed on my Singer 5050C. Even on the Singer website, the manufacturer provides zero guidance on how it looks when installed or how it's supposed to work. This is the second time I've ordered something online where it wasn't made absolutely clear that this would not work with my machine, and that information would have been so easy to provide to the customer ahead of time. So frustrating.
1,the XL series is well priced, but i found the paper quality to be pretty low. it's ok for student use, but not artist's grade needs.
1,I bought these to place on a laundry bag that was not large enough to fit in the hamper. I bought regular velcro and stick the rough side to the hamper and placed the soft, fuzzy dots on the bag. t only holds okay and some have fallen off. I suppose if you are using these for hemming or something light, they will be okay. The laundry bag doesn't really drag down that much, so this was disappointing'.
1,Top bobbin piece is missing. How am I supposed to wind the thread. Will never buy unless its new. The product description said that it wouldnt come in the original packaging. There was no introductional dvd also
1,This ink pad was very dry and I contacted amazon, who took care of the problem. Thank you amazon.
1,after minimal use the 1 inch corner cracked off ....I consider this mat useless at this point and would not recommend...	pay the price for a better mat.
1,I was highly disappointed in this product. I thought that I would be able to set the blade at any position that I wanted. It is fixed! I can't get my finger into the knife far enough to get a comfortable grip. I have to hold it by gripping it around the handle which makes it a very small knife to hold.
1,Parts missing
1,Would not bond any of the fabric I used whatsoever. Tried with synthetics and cotton, no dice. It seems others had luck but following the instructions as is, did nothing for me. Maybe holding them even longer but I was afraid of the material burning.
1,Shipped fast.  The yarn is super soft.  Until I crochet with this I am giving this 1 star.  I crocheted with the Kitty one and there were a lot of blemishes in the yarn.
1,curled up the first use
1,These things are horrible.  I purchased them from Hobby Lobby...thankfully I had a 40% off coupon because they were regularly prices at over 13 bucks.  I'm not sure if it's the nylon on the pliers but they do not hold the wire...they are expensive however they don't do what they are intended to do.  You can barely bend with these.  Don't purchase if you want to do some real work with jewelry.
1,They break when winding yarn onto them.
1,holes in beads way too small.
1,Sench needles say that they are easy to thread, they are. They say that they stay threaded, they don't. I was rethreading them a couple of times with each length of thread. They say they won't shred the thread, they do sherd the thread. I tried coats cotton poly, coats dual duty cotton, sulky quilters cotton, and aurifil quilting. It shredded all of them some took a few more stitches than others. I have a needle threader and a magnifine glass.
1,This thimble is not worth your money for several reasons! It is uncomfortable and has no adjustment for the wearer. The coil is tapered so it only fits on a finger one way. I have average sized fingers and the thimble would not hold in a steady place. I had a lot of issues with the yarn not staying in the guides as I knit as well as the thimble wanting to spin on my finger. I am an experienced knitter who bought this thimble thinking that it would help me maintain gauge better when knitting a fair isle sweater. It did not!  So don't make the mistake I did in purchasing this! Learn how to do stranded knitting by another method such as two handed knitting.
1,Only works on very specific surfaces, like over slick surfaces. As for art uses, I can only use this on straight-up, cheap acrylic paint with no texture. Even then, the line is quite a bit fainter than expected from a white pen. Sinks into all other paper and is useless for me. If I need to write on smooth surfaces, Sharpie paint pens would be my primary choice.		Priming this pen is horrible! None of my other Deco color or similar paint pens leak like this one does. Just not find of it.
1,Very poorly made.  Leaked badly from everyehre.  thought maybe I just had a bad one so like an idiot I bought another one.  Between the two of them and some JB Weld I got it working with only a small leak until I can get a better one.
1,Mother says that you get what you pay for. How right she is! This light worked as expected for about 10 hours. Now it just glows and does not illuminate my sewing machine work area. Disappointed!
1,I ordered both Royal Blue and Purple glitter, yet the blue is EXACTLY the same shade as the purple. Very disappointed that this is not a shade of blue at all. The glitter consistency was fine and held up well for my project, however the color is way off.
1,I could not figure out how to use this.
1,I received a foot that was not in official Janome packaging and it had a different shaped hole where the needle goes than the foot shown in the product image.  I ordered this as a replacement foot for my original Janome 1/4 inch seam foot.  My old foot and the one in the product photo have an oval hole for the needle which allows you to use multiple needle positions.  The foot I received had a perfectly round hole.  I suspect it is not a genuine Janome part.
1,Duck tape should NEVER be confused with DUCT tape.  Duck is for fun.  DUCT is for serious repairs.  3M or Scotch are for grown-ups.  Duck is for crafters.
1,The results I got with this were pathetic--and I can make fairly complex little boxes, too. The first one didn't work at all. The second came out like a cackhanded first grader's attempt. Maybe if I ruined enough good paper, I could make something acceptable. I doubt it.		ETA: After further tries, I can be more specific.		1. I failed completely with paper, as described above. Was able to get a moderately successful box with light card stock. BUT--the cutter on this board has a rough time with light card stock. It's not sharp enough. Also, card stock falls far short of the variety and esthetic quality of paper. Since the manufacturer of the board claims the boxes can be made with any kind of paper, I call this out as false advertising.		2. It's not easy to make a box that's longer than the length of the board, about five inches. You have to score the vertical lines by halves if you do. But since the paper makes it impossible to see the end of the board, it's easy to go over, which tears the paper. If you stick to the length of the board, it makes an awfully small box, hardly bigger than an envelope.		3. The directions leave out a few important details. The box *really* wants to spring apart, so when you glue the tab down, it's absolutely necessary to have the glue extend completely into the points and to the exact edge. Even then, you're probably going to have to use ribbon around the box to make it look good.		4. The box tends to tear at the curved folds. This is especially true with paper, but even with card stock, it's a real possibility.
1,Didn't try the product, I am returning them as the description states there are 15 large and 15 small rings.  My package only contained 15 large rings.  A waste of time for a product that was not as described.
1,Followed directions, didn't work.  Tried suggestions from others across the web, didn't work.  Didn't stick to vinyl, polyester, or nylon.  Started with heat per instructions, then normal heat, and eventually worked up the heat until the iron was so hot it was starting to melt the things I was trying to stick together.  At no point did this material adhere to anything except itself and the iron.  I see others gave it 5 stars, so it has to work for someone.  If it's possible for this material to age, then I guess that's what happened.  From my perspective, needle and thread would have been significantly easier - without wondering if it would work.
1,Purchased this product from another vendor. Water leaks above the brush. The tip did hold it shape which was nice.  For the price, I wouldn't buy this product again.
1,Tiny doesn't even begin to describe how small these buttons are. They are perhaps 3mm-3.5mm in size. There is not a single button that is bigger than 3.5 mm. How these would be considered embellishments, I have no idea. They are way too tiny and not shiny. There are just 50, but again they are so tiny that it doesn't seem like 50. I bought 2 sets based on the notion that they would be 8 mm. I do NOT RECOMMEND these tiny, tiny, minuscule buttons. Was an add-on, but still not worth the price.
1,Well to start with it came with no pages I am thinking they could have at least added 5 to get started.  Then after I had added some pictures the openings on the pages let your pictures slip right out/  Really for such a high dollar program a simple plastic flap on the pockets would have saved a lot of time and aggravation.  Yes I can go to the dollar tree and buy the thin almost microscopic glue dots but I really shouldn't have to. This company should have known about these issues and already had them fixed I am not happy with product the binder is entirely to big for my liking who has a shelf this wide to put it into and if you put it out on the coffee table then it takes up the whole thing.  No not happy with this at all I can go to wal-mart or any craft store, buy a photo album and recover it for far less money then I spent on this system.  If it wasn't such a hassle they would get it back. Very dissatisfied.
1,This thread does not work in my Singer Sewing Machine.
1,These came weeks late and cannot be used, in addition they are not attractive they are very cheap looking gold, not what I thought I was getting and too late anyway.
1,I had no idea they were only as big as your pinky nail.
1,I thought it was time for new scissors around my house so I got these.  I was mostly disappointed.  They aren't comfortable to use, they don't cut well and they were not near as good as the ones I got them to replace.  So I kept my old scissors and tossed these into the recycle.
1,Got the needles,but some were bent.
1,It's a heavy-duty punch that can withstand 117 pounds of pressure, as I happen to know because I stepped on it, trying to make it punch. The pattern is appealing, but the device is not reliable and I wouldn't buy another MS punch.
1,Very small hole. I put in microwave to soften, then thread it on my thin paint brush handle.
1,Maybe I expected a little too much out of this tool. The blade kind of floats along at the depth you sit it so it isn't as precise as I had hoped it would be. I wish it had pressure on it up and down when adjusted. Not enough control. I have to admit, I would not buy this product again. It sit's in the leather tool stand and looks at me, never used.
1,has to be put together, just the box is all that is included, no plastics.  I did not catch that in the details, my mistake.
1,What I Don't Like:		1) The description says it includes "highest-quality stainless steel scissors".  I don't know how these could be considered highest quality.  They appear rather crudely made and certainly don't look, feel, or cut "highest quality".		2)  The tape measure is impossibly short.  It only measures 25 inches.  Hardly anyone could even measure their waste with a tape so short.		3) The whole kit seems cheep. The thread spools are flexible flimsy plastic. Nothing really seems well made. The seam ripper is decent, but I would expect more for $15.
1,Please do yourself a favor and buy a normal Dritz Tomato pin cushion at JoAnn or a reputable sewing supply store. I received a piece of styrofoam with a thin red fabric around it, 2" in diameter. It came straight from China with a listed value of US$ 0.05 and that's what I would have preferred to pay. Utterly ridiculous.
1,This did not do well with the ultra-light polymer clay. The rolling is inconsistent (leaving little indentations along the product) and the widest setting was still too thin for making ornaments.
1,UPDATE: I originally gave this machine 5 stars, but I no longer can recommend the Cricut Expression. They sued the Sure Cuts A Lot company (Craft Edge)and won, so now you can no longer get the program for your Cricut unless you already had it before the settlement. You are now forced to buy the expensive cartridges and their software which is in no way comparable to the Sure Cuts A Lot program. If you aren't computer savvy and prefer the cartridges, this is the machine for you, but if you are comfortable with computers, this is NOT the machine for you. I just ordered the Silhouette Cameo, which offers their own software for $50 that is very comparable to the Sure Cuts A Lot software AND it can cut 12" x 10ft! I will definitely do an extensive review on that machine once I receive it and play with it a little.		Original Review:	This is a very nice machine and can cut 12x12(the mat it comes with)or 12x24, which is large enough for anything I need to make. I love that it has the flip feature on the machine. The personal electronic cutter does not. This is useful if you need to flip your words, when making stencils, etc. This one comes with the 2 basic cartridges. So, I think that this is the best deal on the Expression that you can find anywhere, so get it before it's gone. I also wanted to mention that I purchased the Sure Cuts Alot program to use with this machine. It allows you to use ANY image that you can find on the internet. The program costs just a little more than one cartridge and the possibilities are limitless. I hope this helps=)
1,garbage
1,leaves a chalky white residue
1,Works nice but very small and small roll.
1,NOT .5mm! It is between 1 ans 1.5mm. I couldn't even use it to string beads with 1mm hole. Not happy!
1,Flimsy and bends easily.  Will not purchase again.
1,splits hard to use on my knitting loom
1,Wrong item description! It is stated that it is 364 yards and when received it the yarn is 244 yard. This is overpriced for the yardage. WalMart has 244 yards for $2.50
1,I've been creating art with Impasto medium for quite some time and in the process of trying to make the best artwork I like to try various brands and types of a medium. When I saw this Impasto, here on Amazon, I thought it'd be good to try as I hadn't tried this brand and the price was about 25% below the cost of others. There were no reviews to go by either, so I took a chance. I guess the cost alone should have been a warning.		It's nothing like the other brands I've used. It's so thin that it won't do it's job of thickening paint or sculpting before painting. It also has quite a strong toxic smell. None of the others have had a strong scent and they all did their job of thickening and sculpting. I would never buy this brand again. Terrible.		I only hope that this review will save some other artists money on an unusable product.
1,The ring snuggies popped off after one day wearing and it is uncomfortable.
1,These are sold as DMC but it beats me where the floss label says it. I am leery of any other brand. I guess I'll try a sample and see if it is any good but I sure don't know where to put them in my DMC book. Took awhile to get to me.
1,returned as cannot use with computerize machine
1,The first template sent was bent and crumpled, so I sent an email stating that fact when asked to rate the merchant.  A replacement was sent, but it was in worse shape than the first.  I did not send in another complaint, as I figured there was almost as much smooth space on the 2 I had received than would be had on an undamaged sheet, unless I wanted a space larger than 4x4".  I would never order this again.
1,Doesn't work like the original Dritz marking paper.
1,I should of known if you pay cheap you get cheap. rough and catches on the yarns
1,I bought this about a year ago. I hate it. The blades are hard to change because the opening won't let you slip the blade in even when it is wide open. Very dangerous. The blades slip even when they are tightened as far as you can go. I'm buying a whole new set because I just can't stand working with this anymore.
1,Doesn't fit a dinner plate! It's too small for much more than a cup and small plate. It's really flimsy and not worth the money.
1,Unfortunately my mother purchased 4 oil paintings that sadly have not been printed properly because the print is so light you can barely see it.
1,Ok. I bought a size 2 and heard these were awesome brushes to ink with. Wrong. At least in my case. It doesn't keep a point at all! I bought the masters brush cleaner and didn't let ink into the ferrule and everything. So I went ahead and bought a size 1 thinking maybe the size 2 was just a dud. IT WON'T KEEP A POINT EITHER! don't waste your money.
1,I'm sad to say this product is not what it says it is. It's basically modeling paste! I love the brand Aleen's so I am really surprised at the low quality and wrong description of what it actually is.	Save your money.
1,I'm not an expert, but I do have arthritis and these were too heavy for me. I used them for a day and was extremely slow. The metal was not as smooth as the aluminium. Lovely case though, the kit is very handy.
1,This is a bit larger than a golf ball, and has a sponge inside. It's more like a cat toy than a real pin cushion. I remember (and expected) a big, solid and substantial pin cushion like in the Old Days. If they can send a rover to Mars, why can't they make a pin cushion like they used to make them? With everything, these days, being made cheaper and flimsier, wouldn't you think that a simple, old standby, like a darn pin cushion could still be like my Mom's? The heart can only hope, but The Man will crush our fondest dreams.
1,Had to give it one star. Amazon did fine, shipping it and that, but whoever put this out needs to seriously go back to the drawing board! Worst product, don't waste your time or money on this, it isn't as promised.
1,I have used  a little over half of this yarn and they have tied four different sections together.  I will not buy this yarn again.
1,I would expect a blade to last thru the cutting of at least one queen size quilt. These dulled very quickly. They were sharp when they arrived so thus a 2 but not for folks who are going to do quite a bit of cutting.
1,While this item is usually very handy for wire-wrapping projects, I was extremely disappointed to receive a spool with 1/2 the outer layer completely unusable due to tarnish. I don't know if it was stored improperly or what, but I had to throw away what is essentially 25% of the spool. :( I expect better! I may start looking elsewhere for my wire.
1,I watched a bunch of videos on how to use one of these before I bought it. It seemed so easy and was very relaxing to watch--people would just put their pencil in one of the holes and it would glide back and forth like butter. Not so much my experience. I don't know if I'm doing it wrong, or using the wrong ruler (I tried several different ones, of varying thickness and strength), or what, but I found it skipping over the ruler and creating jagged lines just about every time. My fingers were hurting from trying to hold the ruler still. It was so frustrating to use that I went to an art store the next day and bought a parallel glider (rolling ruler) which accomplished in six seconds what took me about 5 minutes to make with this guide.
1,I bought this doily to create some patterns for a friends wedding. However, since the first day, using this doily has been nothing less than a challenge. I am using a Big Kick die cutting machine and no amount of shim has helped me with a clean cut. I have to run this doily under the die cutting machine at least 4-5 times to get a decent cut.
1,This does not look like genuine tourmaline. I broke a bead to see if it was genuine stone and it does not compare to the beads I have from my whole sale supplier. It appears this is false advertising. If you don't care about having a genuine gemstone then these are fairly nice however, they should not state these are "natural' tourmaline and for the price, you can find cheaper not natural beads. Disappointed customer.
1,If you are a quilter do not buy these blades they do not cut fabric
1,Sure, each hole is 5mm wide, but each hole is only 3mm tall!!!  A 5mm cord WILL NOT FIT.  Additionally, several pieces in the bag are broken, usually busted spring. Thankfully Amazon is accepting the return, but this sets me back half a week on my project.
1,Waste of money! This is complete garbage, don't bother buying anything gold plated on the internet. Obviously I wasn't expecting real gold but at least a tarnish resistant fake gold wouldve sufficed. They all turned  black after one wear. Absolutely not worth the price, actually not even worth a dollar. Will not be purchasing from this seller ever again.
1,looks cheap. does job but doesn't look good with precious metal jewelry.
1,These brushes are so bad and not suitable for any medium whatsoever! They do not have any integrity of shape, you get NO form, no spring, no tip, they don't hold liquid, they don't even hold onto the hairs. Horrible! I've never seen worse brushes, I wouldn't give these to little kids to paint with, they don't have enough shape to slather cheap paints onto construction paper.
1,ordered by mistake - really really small!!!
1,Right out of the package, just delivered today and the 9mm hook was splintered!! I was able to file down the rough edges. The hook works fine. But seriously....splinters!!!???
1,For the items I wanted to seal, that is, metal pieces of jewelry, it did not have desired effect I needed and had to remove said paint and used polyurethane instead. Despite the surface being very clean and free from any dust, it did not work for me. I wanted a hard shiny surface to protect the delicate engraving. It does state `glaze`on the advertisement and the finish was indeed glazed and took away and distorted the work I needed to preserve.
1,The smallest of these ovals is around the size of my thumbprint.  The largest is roughly the size of my thumb.  This didn't work for the Easter project I had in mind-- I was really looking for something larger. If I had realized how small they'd be, I never would have ordered this.  I wish the description was a bit clearer.		That said, if you need to cut out tiny ovals, this would work just fine.
1,Henna is way too thick for the sirynge tips.
1,This toolbox looks okay in person but it feels cheap.  The dividers are hard to get into the slots and some of them keep falling out because the slots are to wide.		Also one of the bottom boxes came with a missing latch.  I had already started putting my stuff in it when I noticed... and I didn't really feel like taking it out and sending it back and waiting for a refund to reorder... so I decided to keep it, but I would never recommend or buy it again.
1,These earring backs are of the lowest possible quality you might imagine! Out of a package of 100, I found 42+ of them to be unusable because of the poor quality. I could go on and on about how the rubber was yellowing (as it does when it is very old), or how the edges weren't trimmed, or the shape consistent but that would be just my words. Instead, I prefer to offer you photographs of the product I received and let you judge for yourself if you want to spend your money on this. As for me, this is NOT a product I would order again! You will notice that the product I received looked nothing like what was represented in the product photo on Amazon.		<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/UnCommon-Artistry-Rubber-Petal-Style-Earring-Backs/dp/B0020PECKM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">UnCommon Artistry Rubber Petal Style Earring Backs</a>
1,not as I expect
1,does not work for me
1,Not what I every  expected - even though it is a fingering weight it is very thin.
1,too small - eye -hard to thread
1,I use small, sharp pointed scissors to rip seams and threads.  I wanted an extra pair sissors to keep in both rooms where I work. Saw these with bigger/cushioned finger holes and hoped they would work as well as the Fiskers 5 in that I currently keep in one room.  I like the cushion on these 4 in, but the Fiskers do seem to be sharper. Sorry Scrappin-Gear.
1,Do not buy!!! Oracle 651 is the best for vinyl cutters!!! This stuff is garbage!!
1,Great tell the flat hammer flakes and broke off
1,did not get I want money back
1,Totally useless.
1,jump rings are a bit thin and flimsy, they open really easily. Not good quality for selling your jewelry. If you sell jewelry, cross this one out and go for a better option
1,shorted me almost foot and half silver will not contact me told me eat it basicly
1,this works well until it gets dill... too expensive for one medium project. I will not buy one of her similar tools.		.
1,All dark and dreary, 2 of 6 have enough color/variation that I can make pendants from if the necklace cord and wrap are very colorful.	3 it will be luck if I can convince someone to buy.		Non of mine where worth buying for resell.  Note customers won't be wearing these under bright spot lights to bring out the colors.	Barely get two to show color in the window, but not clear enough in center for even window art.
1,They smell like they are leather but they do not like to hang strait.  I tried to hang a weight from one for over a week in hopes it would straiten it out but as soon as I took the weight off it coiled up again.  If you are going to add charms that can hold it down that they would be a good buy but if you are looking of a necklace for something light this is not for you.
1,until I figure out how to make these work for a project, they are overpriced, and maybe I missed something not buying the primaries. I do not care for the neon's.
1,I really hate leaving negative reviews, but in this case I just have to do so.  This tray went back a.s.a.p.  It was so poorly made.  The bottom was falling off, likely because of the use of lousy staples and no wood glue.  The staples were not in correctly. The bottom didn't appear to be the same wood as the rest of the tray, either.
1,Beautiful colors. But it can't be a #4 wt.  It is a silky ribbon yarn. Not for my current project... Will hold for future.  Amazon had been very good to me so I won't return it.  Order more????
1,I can't exactly honestly review this product as I never received it. I was SUPPOSED to receive the Sketch book version, with BLANK pages, and instead I received a LINED version, which was not at all what I wanted and was completely unfit for my purposes. Receiving the wrong product has made me leery of ordering this particular brand again, however nice the product looks. I did not return the product, because it's a pain in the butt to go through all that trouble, I gave the book to my daughter, and just ordered a different sketch book for myself.
1,These performed very poorly on Ranger watercolor paper. I ended up selling them. The colors are beautiful. I wish they had worked for me.
1,I do not think this is walnut, in fact I am sure it is not
1,I was so disappointed with this stencil; glad I tried it on a piece of paper first.		I tried repeatedly to see any flower pattern and it was a bust; my ink (tim holtz mini distress ink) would only leave blotches of colors all over the paper but no sign of flowers.		I contacted the seller only to be told since it was used, I couldn't return it; although there is no visible sign it was ever used, and only tried it that one time; whatever happened to customer satisfaction. I have it sitting in my art box where it's going to stay; this was a complete waste of time and money. A sheer disappointment but there are other stencils I have enjoyed immensely by Tim Holtz (crackle, rays & speckles) -- read my honest reviews; I do not work or in any shape affiliated with Tim Holtz or any art supplies company.		Will I recommend: absolutely not!
1,to thin, almost like paper, won't buy it again, you get what you pay for
1,I am a long time crocheter to be specific I have crocheted a lot of doilies in my day and used sewing thread and very tiny hooks. I purchased these because they contained the smaller crochet hooks that I needed. My very small hooks are somewhere but not where I could find them. The smaller hooks are too thin to use they bend and I would highly recommend you purchase those made out of steel not aluminium. The 1.5mm, 2mm and 2.5mm hooks are awkward in my hand and are not lined up correctly. I am using the appropriate thread size. On closer examination the hooks are slightly turned to the left or right thus the thread slips out of the hook it is not something you might think would cause a problem but it has. It's not worth returning. So, yes there is a difference in these compared to a better brand name. If you are contemplating the purchase and cannot spend a little more I would suggest you buy a smaller package but of a known brand. Sorry this one just does not cut it.
1,I was so excited to find one of these on Amazon. It does have in the description that it's 3 inches long I was thinking I could just put the cap on the other end to keep organized and also extend the length....wrong it didn't fit. I found in use it was too short for adult hands and hard to handle.
1,The case is lovely, the hooks are quality crafted and comfortable....until.....you have been crocheting for 15-20 minutes or more. That's when I noticed that the hook was short enough to be poking into my hand painfully. I have smallish hands, only 5'3" and not heavy-set through the bones, and yet, this set of hooks are all too short.  I don't understand why anyone would pay more money so you can suffer while crochet?	Clover makes another set of comfort hooks that are longer. I have two of those. But now I have wasted considerable amount of money on this set.	If you crochet fairly seriously, please buy only one of these soft touch hooks before buying the set. Your hand may be small enough to fit the hook comfortably for long periods at a time.  I wish I had done what I am suggesting.  :-(	Does anyone have any ideas on how I might extend them a bit? I may try a rubber pencil grip on the end. Hope thus review helps you. Happy crocheting!
1,I gave this product one star because I liked the size of the sheets, but that's about all that I liked about it.  It is VERY difficult to separate the two layers to access the sticky part, and is WAY too sticky.  It was almost impossible to get off the back of a cotton towel that I did.  Waste of money!
1,too little.
1,I can't tell you how disappointed I was with these Rose set hooks. I bought the Clover Amour and LOVED them, but some online friends told me they were saving for the Tulip Etimo. I wanted to see what it was all about, so I saved up for the least expensive of the Etimo hooks, the Rose.	Get this: they're aluminum. Unlike the other Etimo hooks, you are basically paying for a fancy handle because the aluminum hook felt just like my Boye and nothing like my smooth gliding Clover Amour hooks. I can't justify going back and spending more Etimo money and find out I'll be disappointed, so I returned these (which I will say the seller was very helpful with).	My advice: save your money and get a set of steel hook Clover Amour, don't fool around with aluminum hooks.
1,If you need small pins this is fine, there is only 2 medium sized,  but no big ones. I got gyped
1,The eyes are all fantastic.  Unfortunately, the backing washers are complete crap.  They don't fit half of the eyes, they are flimsy and I would be afraid to trust them in a childs toy. Terrible because that makes it all completely unusable
1,Practically worthless.  The 'point' on the hook is too thick to slide under a stitch to clip it.  I though Havel would be a lot better.
1,So sad that Lawn Fawn has cheaped out on manufacturing. I have the large rectangles and they're much better made and not hinged together. These are much more poorly made and have to be snipped apart - lazy and cheap process by Lawn Fawn. And they don't fit together w/the large ones because of the extra metal from where they were snipped.		ETA - now that I've used them all, one of the sides of one of the rectangles doesn't even cut through.  Really poor quality. Be warned.
1,Copic Markers are just the same as the Magic Markers you can buy at Staples or Wal-Mart.	 Save your money.
1,On my machine, I have to remove this to replace my bobbin, so it's not a good product for me.  Once it's removed, there is no way to reposition it accurately.
1,The pegs fall out too easily
1,I've been using the pack of needles that came with my machine since I bought it and finally needed to buy a new pack. These seemed perfect for my quilting projects and even sturdier than the ones I've used before. Well, I broke my first needle yesterday and boy was it a surprise! I sat down to sew with these and broke two needles in a row before popping in an old one. Luckily my quilt wasn't harmed too much, just a small snag I can quilt over. The package claims they last "4 times" longer but that is not the case.	 Still going to try them again today to account for use error and I will change my review if they work after a fresh start.
1,too cheap...do not like it
1,These are too thin and break easily. I thought I wanted thin stitch markers with a bit of a point as I often crochet with thread, but these can snag some yarns and threads and the breakage issue [they snap in two as you try to insert them in stitches] is serious. When they work, they're fine, but too often, they are just frustrating.
1,I purchased walking foot from this company believing it was a BROTHER product.  IT IS NOT.  I received a generic walking foot from this company.  This is false advertisement.  If they are going to sell GENERIC products they should state that in the add.  I needed an original BROTHER WALKING FOOT for MY Brother Machine.  I DID NOT GET WHAT I believed I was paying for.  Walking foot I received was not a BROTHER Product.
1,I tried this on a glass window. The product arrived full of hard crunchy pieces of dried etch product I think. There was no way to possibly pick the lumps out as the stuff is acid and you can't touch it and the lumps kept the product from really etching because it was too lumpy.		would not recommend. And smells very toxic.
1,These are super cheap quality.  If you want to use them for card-making they are perfect for such.  There ya go.
1,I wasn't happy with it as there were several pieces missing!! As I make a lot oi stockings I was able to fudge it and make it work!!
1,Doesn't seem to want to fuse too easily. Maybe I needed more heat or more steam but it did not adhere to my liking.
1,This yarn is pieced together. When you try to ball it it unravels, knots and the color is inconsistent. Especially the orange colored ones. Red dye is dropped throughout. It actually looks like someone bled on it. Comparing it to other yarns it isn't soft either. I prefer Vannas choice or Bernat. Do yourself a favor and spend a bit more on quality.
1,What a mess!! Comes flat in many pieces you have got to try to put together. Nothing fits right so get out the sheers! Then you have to hope it  stays together long enough to get the top on. As for the lid, it falls off every time you look at it. Great idea but  not made well at all. I would get something else that's already assembled and stronger.
1,Run out really fast...i did not draw much at all before they were out of ink
1,Leaked all over my hand on first use.  Do not recommend.
1,Very small and package arrived very bad
1,Very thin and a lot of children prints as I was wanting this for an adult very unhappy with it.
1,Horrible product will never buy again
1,It won't fit far enough on my finger to stay there. I'm sorry I wasted my money.
1,this product reaches working temp. very slowly and is awkward in handling constant tightning a real pain.but if price is a real factor you can make do,it just takes awhile and must be a relativly thin film being cut.hope this helps.
1,I have several other of the Judkins embossing powders and I adore them (glittery chocolate & bronze are my favorites) I saw this and thought it would be perfect for my newest obsession of creating cards with dragonflies and hummingbirds... I expected it to be a blue-green powder with shimmer. What arrived is a CLEAR glittery embossing powder. The only way you're potentially going to see any blue and green is do use it on dark paper and even then it's really no different from my other clear irredescent embossing powders except that the glitter doesn't even blend in and remains chunky on the surface. I'm extremely disappointed in this product.
1,doesn't cove very well, and shine is not apparent
1,wrong color
1,The blades don't seem like they are evenly sharp around its perimeter. When I cut (only 1 layer of fabric), it skips. I find myself having to go back over it a second time for it to cut. It seems to be dull is certain spots. I will try changing the blade, but I don't think that will make a difference considering the fact that it happed during the first use. I should probably return it.
1,Has a terrible feel
1,Colors are mostly good.  Very few yellow choices however.  Keep in mind these are water based so they are more difficult to get even coverage.  Mine were returned because many of my tips were bad.
1,Not impressed. Bought these as a gift and the brush ends were fairly thick and mushy and didn't give a true brush stroke for things like lettering. Fine for coloring though.
1,Doesn't stay stuck.
1,Not happy that it didn't come with a bag with them in it
1,Tiny. Some gold appear to be fading fast.
1,These knit better than most needles I have ever used. Just after I gave these to a friend, the metal needle point broke off from the carbon fiber on my set that I had just started using. In fact, this has happened to other knitter friends, as well. In my case, because I did not purchase my needles from Amazon, I had to call Knitters Pride, which led nowhere. Knitters Pride would not stand by their product and referred me back to the shop from where these were purchased. At that point, I no longer had the receipt nor the name of the shop and was stuck with a product that works wonderfully, but just for a short time. They do have a beautiful feel, they knit so well, and the cord is the best I've seen. I had such high hopes and wanted to purchase the interchangeable set. I will not be purchasing these needles again.
1,prefer my dollar store glue stick.  Dry and hard to spread.
1,The yardage,is very deceiving. This is extremely expensive for the amount of yarn in the skein. I was expecting 364 yards many others who ordered it, but the actual skein is 236 yards. I will never order yarn from Amazon again.
1,These balls are too solid to stick pins in, not suitable for crafts that I am making need more porous styrofoam!
1,I received these needles as a Christmas present which I specifically asked for. How great to have every possible size circular needle I could ever want all in one place! I was extremely excited to try them. My hopes were soon dashed when I pulled the needles/cables out of the package.		The needles themselves are of great quality and pretty colors as others have noted. However, the cables are so incredibly STIFF it is nearly impossible to knit anything small on the smallest size. Also, the bend at the join is so terribly rigid it extends the "needle" making it very hard to knit anything small. I also had to keep re-screwing the needles to the cable which I found extremely frustrating. I am hoping they will possibly work better on larger scale products as they are unable to be returned to the store where they were purchased since it is now an open item. I say save your money and just buy the needles singly as you need them as this is NOT worth the hassle.		One other note for anyone else who is experiencing these issues: I did find this link which seems to provide a nice tutorial on how to make your own cables for this particular set. You can find it here: [...]
1,I had high hopes for this case, but sadly the first time I used it the thin plastic that holds the wheels broke. So unless the manufacture improves this part of the bag, I would pass on this style TB19 purple. The pictures show a lot of scuff/drag marks because I had to drag it into the building. I hope that I can figure out some way to fix and make it useable.
1,The thread breaks and tangles easily, and it's really not meant for machine embroidery. Maybe it works better for hand stitching. I have a Janome MB-4S.
1,Received these as a gift.  BEWARE!  They are cheap, mostly nylon (very little sable) and not shaped at all as normal watercolor brushes are, only twisted..  They are definitely NOT top quality or even good enough for student use.  The handles are too long for toddlers to use, who might be the only ones these brushes are fit for.		There are much better sets of brushes out there.  Do NOT be fooled into getting these because of the price.
1,They arrived and were not nearly as sharp or as nice as the ones I purchase locally.  Very disappointed.
1,Very poor quality - the sliding gauge (for lack of a better description) that marks the distance (the blue thing you see in the photo) is cheap plastic, rendering it pretty much unreliable and useless. Wish I'd gone with a better brand.
1,I wanted to love these as much as I love my Havel applique/thread snip scissors but the pinking shears are way to stiff to open/close. It is difficult to cut straight and not comfortable to use. For the price I was very disappointed.
1,This didn't work at all, total waste of money.  Buy stitch-witchery, it's a better product.
1,Thought it would pool....it didn't
1,I have no idea what to do with this.  I am not quite sure I knew what I expected.  But it was not this.  There are no suggestions or instructions on how to put it together.  I don't know if I am supposed to glue the pages at the top to make it stay together or use rings.  I would have thought there would have been number stickers.  The back sides of the calendar pages are quite ornate.,  I wonder if that is where you are supposed to add photos?  Anyway I am not happy with it, but am hoping I will be able to figure it out.
1,I do not like this case. I bought it for 12" X 12" vinyl storage because of the style name. It is too wide , so the paper (vinyl) does not stay in place. Another negative is the size of the lid. It is too wide. It would be better if the height were added to the base. As to the height, there is no way I will ever have enough paper to fill this! I believe it is actually for albums or scrapbooks, not paper only. Finally, the closure is awful. It is hard to clip and difficult to determine whether or not it has actually clipped. I do not recommend this.
1,Didn't like
1,Missing pieces upon delivery. Very disappointed because I was excited to start my new hobby. Had to return and buy the pieces individually.
1,It's not the companies fought.  I have a brother embroidery machine 770.  The tension is not right with these.  I guess I ordered the wrong one.  But I figure brother embroidery machine bobbin was universal.  Would send back but don't have packing slip
1,Ordered this twice and both were received in less than perfect condition.  I've bought a lot of chalks made by this company, but this is the first set I've ordered that were "creamy".  The inside plastic liner was stuck to many of the chalks making them unusable and I did not like the creamy texture.  Would not purchase this particular set again.
1,I have used Rit liquid dyes for a long time.  The color you get is going to vary widely depending on the fabric you are dyeing.  Often the material will hold the dye but the stitching won't.  You MAY get more reliable results by bleaching the item first (even whites!) to get rid of any coloring or treatment.  But this is still a guess.  The black dye will come out anything from charcoal to gray to a sort of blueish purple tint.  Other dark colors get the same odd results.  I personally don't care because I'm dying old white and gray T-shirts that I wear around the house, so whatever color I end up with is an improvement. Every once in a while I get a color (always different from the stated dye color) that I really like, but then of course it's impossible to duplicate.  But I would NOT recommend using this dye on anything you care about.
1,For the life of me I couldn't get anything to digitize with acceptable quality.  It sounded like a great idea but ended up being a major disappointment.
1,Don't waste your money!  These markers are absolutely not worth the money! They bleed outside the lines, I've had a couple of markers 'throw up', literally drip ink, and create large blots on the page. The brush tips are not capable of handling intricate, finely detailed designs. I was going to return them, except I can't do that due to the special handling that would require.
1,These were intended as a gift with adult coloring books for Christmas. I had expected a regular box of colored pencils with English packaging.		We got a box in either Japaneese or Korean, pretty banged up from shipping and mostly with broken tips. After sharpening, the pencils are fair, but not great. I should have paid an extra couple of dollars for a better set or just driven to the store for good old Crayola instead.
1,I wish I had read the reviews closely. These are nothing more papery construction. One use with a latex or acrylic paint and I see them falling apart. AVOID!	I can give less than 1 star or I would.	Reusable my butt.	And they aren't stencils, ready to use--you have to punch them out	would have returned but it'll cost me more to do that than they are worth.
1,This was my first time transferring a printed image onto any article of fabric, so I wasn't sure what to expect or what brand/type of transfer paper works the best for the design that I wanted. I purchased a black pillowcase, and wanted to print and iron on a quote in light brown text. Since this was the only option available where I purchased it, I went ahead and gave it a go, though I was reluctant because the price was quite expensive for how few transfer sheets it includes. I didn't know the difference between white and dark transfer paper (aside from the obvious) but seeing as the three sample pieces on the packaging looked nice, I thought it would be an easy project.		What I did not realize (and it's not noted on the outside packaging) is that this paper has a white background and that any images must be cut out before use to adhere to the fabric without a large white background showing up. I wasted 1/3 of the transfers (and a pillowcase) because I assumed that the quote would transfer on with the background being transparent. Since cutting around intricate letters is virtually implausible, I had to opt for a rectangular background behind the quote on my pillow.		Not to mention that the paper is EXTREMELY hard to cut even with the sharpest of scissors. It left frays, which caused jagged edges on my graphic. I'm not impressed, and will purchase a different brand next time.
1,The tip on this thing bent on my third use. Now I have to use it bent and sometimes it doesn't heat up at all. So I have to keep pushing it until it does heat up.  I'm disappointed with this and now I'm looking for something better. This is my second thread zapper, the other one was another brand.
1,EDIT:  6/24/18:  Whomever is fulfilling these orders for Amazon needs to get their act in gear.		I've ordered this from Amazon before and had little issues.  This time, though, I ordered 3 of the natural, throw size.  I got:  2 white throws and 1 crib!  HUH???		Take it up a notch, Amazon.  While I may love this batting, I WILL NOT be ordering any more from you ever again.		-----		EDIT:  2/18/18:  After purchasing this item for the second time on February 14, 2018  (I bought 2 of the Throw size, 60" X 60") - I'm a bit peeved and very disappointed.		As I went to lay out a quilt this morning, only to discover that the batting was not the size stated, for my quilt hung over without adequate batting to use.  I have a 59 X 59 top, and I knew surely that the 60 X 60 would work.		Well, that is, if it REALLY is 60 X 60.  She attached pic.  Two inches short!  Those 2 inches make a whole lot of difference.		-----		I realize why this is called Quilter's Dream - because it truly is.		I've sewn a lot of quilts and used a variety of manufacturers' batting over the years.  I've bought it pre-cut in a package and I've bought it by the bolt.  I never could quite get the batting that made quilting easier and produced impressive final results.		Wow.  This batting did it.  I do not have a long arm, so I quilt using a conventional Bernina machine.  The amount of fuzz and fluff and lint that was produced from other batting was enough for me to pull my hair out and quit quilting.		Not any more, though.  This batting is true to size, lies FLAT without ripples and imperfections, doesn't emit fuzz that gets caught in my presser foot and it handles beautifully.  Despite it appearing rather thin, when I compared it to other quilts I'd done using higher lofts, the quilt I did with Dream Cotton was about the same weight and warmth, but it was a whole lot more supple with a beautiful drape.		I ordered the Natural Cotton in varying sizes to finish projects I had begun months ago.  The natural does not show through as a darker shade, and I was quilting a top that had been primarily constructed with Kona white cotton fabric.  Gorgeous!		This IS the batting that I will be using from now on.  Hands down, it's the best I've ever encountered.		FYI - do not skimp on your size.  This is not the batting that you can stretch and make fit if you buy within a few inches of your quilt top.  I purchased the 60 X 60 to finish a quilt top that was 56 X 56.  Fit perfectly, with a bit on the edges to trim.  I know that if I had a 65 X 65 top, this would not have fit.  This is NOT your ordinary craft-store batting.
1,Arrived damaged
1,These are not very nice. Cheap and don't leave a very good stamped impression. I tried them with various types of inks and paper before giving them to my 7-year-old granddaughter, and she complained about them not working right.
1,I have wasted a lot of precious 28 guage wire on this thing.  Still can't make it look like the picture.  I prefer twisting wire but I loved the look of viking weave and this seemed to be a dream come true.		It would have been better to have the dream of me showing up to work naked come true instead.		I spend more time cutting away the wire and trying again than I do actually weaving.  Maybe I just need more practice but I am getting the exact same result everytime.  Don't look for an easy outcome with this.  This is not for everyone.
1,If I had to do it over, I would not have purchased this item.  It just is not an effective tool in my studio.  It is not big enough and the markings are not ones that I use.
1,I'm sure they're perfectly fine bobbins for whatever machine they fit, but they did NOT fit the 301 that I ordered them for. They are deeper than the proper bobbin and stick out of the bobbin case, preventing it from being completely installed into the machine.		I received the same bobbins as those shown in the photos. Now I have perfectly good mystery bobbins that don't fit any machine that I own.
1,Did nothing to change my closes.
1,Was bent when arrived
1,Horrible yarn. Inconsistent from skein to skein; some will be relatively soft and okay to work with, and the next will be much thicker and rougher, which will cause gauge to be inconsistent. The rougher texture will also be uncomfortable to work with. There is good reason this yarn is cheaper than others. Go for a better yarn and you will enjoy working your project much more, and the end result will be far superior.
1,OMG!  If I had known then what I know now!  This machine is way too sensitive and spends most of its time beeping warning messages because it doesn't like the thread, fabric or whatever else you try to do.  I'm an accomplished sewer and I can tell you, this machine isn't worth the money to spend most of your time fighting with it.  I wish I had bought something else.  So disappointed with this machine.  If you want to sew your way and not have the machine try to tell you what you can or can't do, buy something else.
1,I generally read the reviews and failed on this one.  Wish I had read them... As a former school teacher, I am accustomed to construction paper being a heavier weight - won't flop over when holding it in your hand.  While the colors are pretty, the weight of the paper is too lightweight for the projects I had purchased this for.  Plus, the white construction paper in the back is no heavier than computer copier paper!  Very disappointed. Would consider sending back, but the plastic wrap around the paper was totally off inside the shipping box!
1,The nibs shed. Don't see them lasting long. They do not blend very well.
1,Sorry to say that this product lacks heat.  It was insufficient,y hot to iron cloth, and even to melt plastic wrap.
1,I really like these hooks, but I think the size is off. The "N" on here is way bigger than my "N" from walmart, the metal cheapies. In fact, the "L" in this set is way bigger than my metal "N" from walmart.......I think the measured sizes are wrong, though I could be mistaken somehow. Either way, I am ordering a second set, cause the "N" in this set works perfect for a double stranded, tunisian entrelac pattern I am using, and i need two of the "N"s, whatever size it really is......
1,She is beautiful but she does not cut
1,Since they were silver plated, I thought they would be pretty.  They look like the silver has already came off and I haven't taken them out of the package.
1,The only thing it managed to glue were my fingers. I couldn't get the glue to work for my lace on my scrapbook. I wish I hadn't listened to those 'raving' reviews.
1,Can't figure out how it attaches
1,I finally used this to make patches for some stretch denims and when I wore the pants the	patch started to fall off the fabric.  Probably best not to use on stretch type of jeans.  I had	to sew the patch on for it to stay on
1,Can't use. Not what i thought it was going to be.
1,My previous Swingline 3 hole punch broke after about 8 years and I chose this one due to reviews and the brand.  It says 10 sheet capacity, yet I'm lucky if it will do 6 or 7 pages.  Feels pretty cheap too.
1,You will still need marking tape on your sewing machine once you determine the placement from the ruler
1,Poor quality and plastic not glass. I ordered 6mm beads I received 2mm beads.
1,Seems a lot thicker than a Medium.	Hard to score!
1,more orange than yellow. very disappointed.
1,After 2 months of having the pallette exposed to light all of the colors especially in the classics dept are faded. Heavily. Like the tin though.
1,Well, it arrived in good time, and only one or two pieces were broken, so the shipping is still decent. But I definitely have mixed feelings about this mixed bag. On the one hand, I didn't have any of these things, so it's not like I ended up with more of something I didn't have, but on the other hand, it's definitely not like what's being portrayed in the picture.		Firstly, I only bought this assortment for three reasons. 1) they were shown as being almost entirely pretty pastel colors, not bold or dark colors, 2) because of the assortment of flowers that were shown... but mainly for the roses, which I wanted most of all, and 3) everything else that was NOT a flat-backed pearl (bows, stars, starfish, etc.)		Well, what I got practically failed on all three points.		1) Pastels... There were SOME pastel colors... but a lot of colors like hot pink, dark purple, dark coral... In fact, if you took out the white pieces, they would probably be less than half pretty pastel colors. The whole assortment seemed more like a bolder color assortment, which was really not at all what I wanted, or what the pictures really suggest.		2) Flowers (and especially the beautiful roses shown in the picture). The roses were the main reason I bought this item, at all. I didn't expect I'd get very many... but what did I get? There were ZERO roses. That's ZERO. Now, it would not have been so bad, had there been at least various OTHER types of flowers. Technically there were two, but if you take out the "flowers" that were made out of tiny "pearls" (eg, not "real" flowers), then there was only ONE, SINGLE type of "real" flower in the whole 500 pieces. Now, considering the picture showed not less than 4 types of actual flowers (5 if you count the "pearl" flowers)... then what I got is a far cry from the flower-filled assortment that's in the picture.		3) Everything else that was NOT a flat-backed pearl. Granted, I expected that there would be a lot of the flat backed pearls in this assortment, as they are probably the least expensive piece... but again, it was far from anything like the assortment shown in the picture. For instance, most of the bows and hearts I got, were those made of the tiny pearls. As in, almost all of them. I got around 5 or 6 bows of other types, and around 12 hearts (mostly of one kind) that weren't made of the tiny beads. No starfish, either.		So to help you visualize, I got about 30 "actual" flowers of one kind... very small... a few flowers made of little beads, lots of bows made of little beads, some hearts and stars made of little beads (the hearts were not even pearly white, but just plain plastic)... and a few bows of other kinds. The rest of the mix were flat-backed pearls and flat-backed gems (not even shown in the picture, and which I also would have preferred almost anything else to. And the gems were not only mostly square, but some were brown.		I understand that this is a random thing, and like I said, you expect to get a lot of the flat backed pearls because they're cheap. But you hope that at least the other things you get will be in the ballpark of what is shown in the picture. They're mostly not. The items made of the tiny beads are also going to be cheap, and that's most of the rest of what I got.		Considering I bought this to get lots of pastel flowers, it was almost completely no good. But even hoping to get lots of other interesting pastel pieces, it was not really much good. In short, the mix changed, but the picture being used to sell it did not change. The colors are bolder, there is nothing like this kind of variety in what I got, and the one large piece I got was a flat-backed pearl that had been scratched so much, it's cosmetically unusable.		It really was a big disappointment. The tiny flat-backed pearls are among the best things I got, but there are very many slightly bigger ones that I have no practical purpose for. So for me this purchase was pretty much rubbish. Especially when I bought it for the roses and flowers and got 37 flowers that were essentially flat beads, of one kind, in bold colors.		The honest thing would be for the seller to update the photo of the product to reflect the actual color and product assortment you have a chance of getting, so people know what to expect. If you show an assortment of beautiful and varied pastel pieces, that's what people will think that they are getting. If that's not true, then the picture needs to change to reflect that.		I've included some (albeit blurry) photos of what I actually did get, which may or may not be what you also can expect.
1,Unless you ONLY paint on canvas do not buy these. The paintbrush handles are as long as knitting needles.
1,THis item is Very cheap and really not worth paying shipping and handling for this.	Just buy at your local fabric store.
1,The ruler I got was cracked and not the correct size. I needed this ruler for a class in 2 days. That isn't going to happen. Very disappointed
1,I love Zigs Wink of Stella and was looking foreward to these metalics. The ink leaks out of the side instead of through the brush. Completely useless and made such a mess! I should have read the reviews and skipped this product.
1,I don't need this item and don't like the idea of having to pay to have it returned. I will be careful NOT to purchase anything from this seller.
1,The needle inserter bit works fine, but it is the threader that I am disappointed with. Very hard to use on your sewing machine, or, else the instructions are written in a manner that it is difficult to understand.
1,didnt work for me really, i was hoping for everything to crackly up and whola rustic city, but no:((
1,Over price
1,Rough needles.  Yarn sticks.
1,Some were not well made, could use very few of them.
1,Disappointing.  Poor quality, including rough finish at the end with the hook. Not useable at all.  I will have to try to sand it smooth. It's not worth the hassle to return it.  Guess I learned my lesson.  You do get what you pay for.  Should have sprung for a quality brand.
1,Did not like this seam gauge. Is to big for my taste.  Is just a cheap piece of ruler. I threw it away and got me a clover one is just better quality and better constructed than this one. Cheap is not better.
1,While the product its self is fine...it came without packaging...just the loose sheets in a box from Amazon!  I have no idea how to properly use it or in reality if there are really 100 sheets....I guess I could count them!
1,Did not work, too cheap to do anything with it or even send it back.
1,I received this today.  I haven't used it yet, because I can't.  Even before I took it out of its plastic packaging I smelled it.  The rubber handle positively reeks of nasty VOCs.  I couldn't keep it inside, that's how bad the smell is.  I've had to put it in the garage, where it will hopefully air out after several days.  I even had to wash my hands after handling it.  This is just not good enough!
1,stripes to far apart could not use it
1,For a product that advertises itself as being for fabric and trim, this stuff is awful. It is very thick, like thick white glue. You certainly can't just run a thin drizzle from the bottle to the fabric edge; that would be a mess. I squeezed out a blob on a scrap of paper then dipped my finger in it to wipe a very thin film on the edge of the cut fabric. As far as stopping fraying, this stuff DOES work. But it leaves a sticky, raised, ridge, even when applied in a thin film the way I did. For some purposed this may not matter, in which case this would be an acceptable product. But most people don't want that sticky edge on their projects! I've used this for tissue lame (very thin fabric) as well as the cut edges of grosgrain ribbon (fairly heavy fabric) and have had similar experiences with both types of fabric. I will go back to the Dritz Fray-Check which goes on clear, absorbs into fabric, leaves no sticky feel, and can be applied straight from the bottle.
1,Could not get color to blend out at all. Returned
1,Very expensive starch. Just buy a bottle of starch such as Purex Sta-Flo Concentrated Liquid Starch, 64 oz Bottle (2 Pack) for $15.29 here on Amazon, much cheaper and lasts longer. Or as some have suggested you can use interfacing or freezer paper.	Terial Arts did not work on my fabric, never had any trouble with ordinary Sta-Flo starch.
1,This unit is not very sturdy.  The pins are short and you must alternate pins for embroidery thread spools.  My wife inserts a sewing thread spool between embroidery spool.  I think I will build a base to make it sturdy.  Collapse in a strong possibility.  Somewhat misrepresented, overstated.
1,Broke trying to empty it the very first time!!!!  I do NOT recommend at all!!!!
1,The "snuggies" rolled around and were uncomfortable to wear. I would prefer something more stable, the rolling was pretty distracting and annoying.
1,This was not a unicorn paint by number it was a paint by number of fish and I was hoping it was a pain by number of a unicorn so I could give it to my mom but know she don't want it because it is not what we order.
1,Better off buyer bigger one.
1,Heads are so small that they slip through everything but the smallest seed beads.
1,easy to put on. The artist prepped several panels with this stuff - fully waxed them and attached paper to use as field background. Created several pieces over several days. The paper began to wrinkle and distort. Eventually, it completely came off the cradle.	Very disappointing, moving on to milk paint.
1,Don't like these. It's like they got hot and they don't come off the backer sheet easily with the sticky. Will not purchase again.
1,I bought this set for my 4 year old, and honestly, the markers are the only thing that work. The pigmentation of the crayons, pencils, and pastels is so poor you can barely even see color on the paper. The scissors and stapler are less than functional, and keep breaking apart.  The stuff falls out of the case, the wood is poor quality, its all splintery etc		I was not expecting anything artist's quality, but really, I don't think this was worth the price at all.		The saddest part to me is to see my kid thinking he did something wrong b/c nothing works.		The only reason this even has 2 stars is because, as I said, the markers work.
1,Mine had been opened when I received it - probably a return.  I think the metal that slips through the eye of the needle was already slightly bent.  It worked sometimes, but I've since discarded it.
1,I might be using this wrong, but it doesn't seem to keep the color. I don't think I'll buy it again.
1,I was really surprised to find that the loupe and housing are both white plastic, and when I brought the loupe out, it was screwed in at an angle. That it's a toy and relatively inexpensive does not negate the fact that it should have been manufactured/assembled with more care.
1,I love sugru but these were dried out when we got them and wouldnt cure. Practically playdoh with the set we got. We have used sugru before and have loved it but this pack was a bust for us.
1,This came broken and did not work as a watercolor resist like some people had suggested in their reviews and Q/A section. It seems pretty useless, I may find a use for it down the road, I will then change my poor review I suppose.
1,Here is the gripe, the tool oozes out this green snot all by itself.  You can not retract it, if fills the cap and has been a general waste of my time and money.
1,Didn't fit right but do like the old fashioned metal ones.
1,The pick up part doesn't work and there's no way the putty will advance. Even if it did work, there's such a small amount in there that you'd have to fork out another 8 bucks if you wanted another plastic tool that holds very little product. What a waste of money. Don't go to their web site either. Currently it's blocked with a virus. So much for getting any kind of advice or satisfaction with this product. The only one getting anything out of this deal is the company.
1,Then keep moving along. Ive used it for a few months on and off.		First, the stock sofware isn't that great. Coming from a graphics background, and not being able to just drop in most of my existing designs is damn frustrating. the only other choice out there, that i have been able to find is a plugin for Adobe and Corel called Cutwizard... which is frustrating but gets things moving eventually (one you learn it's quirks as well).		My biggest gripe with the machine is not software related. Its the machine itself. Ive tried to run the calibration wizard. It cant find the calibration marks. Sometimes, it will calibrate and run. Sometimes, it will just start cutting where it wants to, ruining a lot of earlier work. Ive wasted lots of time watching it start in the wrong place, and trashing an entire piece. Thats if you can get it to even load and realize that there are marks on the material... It usually takes about 3 tries minimum to get it to register that the marks exist at all.		When it does cut, the settings really don't seem to mean much. If you want to cut anything thick, like even a good quality vinyl, it may take extra passes. Or not. Or just on part of the material, you never seem to know with this.		Basically, if you need it for anything more than cutting out things for scrapboking, look somewhere else, save up a few bucks, it WILL be worth it in less time and aggravation trying to get this thing to register.
1,This chain is ok for cheap jewelry making but beware!  The silver look wears off to a copper and I bought a lot of this chain!
1,The colors are lovely and everything looks good until you take the sequins out. Unfortunately, so many of them have come apart resulting in a very thin clear plastic that separates from the colored plastic.  I've never had this happen with other sequins.  Disappointing in light of the good reviews I read before purchasing.  The sequins I received are a joke; I definitely WOULD NOT BUY AGAIN. DEFITINELY WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.
1,Handy but only fair quality
1,These weren't the best.  They wouldn't pierce the fleece that I bought so I had to buy a rotary cutter to make the holes in the fabric.
1,One of the misters didn't work at all. I would have contact the seller directly, but there was no option to. Shame.
1,The package was open and one broken
1,While reasonably priced, this simply does exactly what Elmer's Glue does if used as a base coat.. and works the same way.  Apply a layer, let it dry, paint over it with acrylic paint.  The results are exactly the same as Elmer's... at about twice the cost. The finish isn't all that impressive.  While it does give the effect of weathered wood, some of the cracks are so big all they look like is separation of paint rather than actual weathered look.	I tried 5 different brands of crackle medium and none of them performed satisfactorily.  Of the five this worked best... but no better than standard white glue technique, which is a lot less expensive.  So I see no reason to go the extra expense in this "specialty" product that isn't so special.
1,Nice concept, but I wound up throwing it away because I could never get the powder to dispense properly, and the bristles broke off. It seemed that the powder got clogged up at the neck of the device, even after dumping out the powder that came in the tool and replacing it with a name brand talcum powder. Save your money and the frustration and just use powder and a regular paintbrush.
1,not crazy about these started using and put them back into a package to give away to someone...
1,Does not have any shine very well and I did not know it was so little.  I will try to use them
1,I only had this kit for a month or so before the wire cutters went completely dull. We did not even cut much wire so that's not saying much. I would definitely pass on this and never buy it again because I do not like buying things that I have to replace once a month.
1,This is just an OK product, the chalk is so very fragile!! It breaks of every single time!! I RARELY use it now because it's so frustrating trying to use it!! It's even HARD to TRY and change the chalk out itself!!
1,Shipping taking forever is a given - however all the clippers were absolutely covered in oil.
1,New order, hoping it cuts we'll! Price was good & hoping the quality is as well. Have no other issues.
1,I HAVE A STANDARD SINGER SEWING MACHINE AND THESE BOBBINS WERE TOO TALL FOR EVEN A STANDARD SEWING MACHINE.
1,I love gel printing, but this product was badly damaged when I received it - it had melted and fused to the plastic "protector" sheets.  When faced with the prospect of sending it back and having to wait for a new plate, I decided to keep it.  Last night when I decided to use it again, I saw the plate was in the process of fusing again!  I intend to keep using this large gel plate, but the other Gelli Arts products I own are just fine.  I think it is possible that this particular plate was faulty or all the 12 in X 14 in plates are faulty.  Probably just a few plates were faulty.  Yes, I should have returned this plate, but someday I will purchase another, maybe by another manufacturer.
1,sent back
1,Bad quality and colour,dont like
1,very poor quality brush for this old brand.  very disappointed in it.
1,Not very happy with this set of looms. Don't like the style of the pegs.
1,This is too thick to cut on Cricut explore. Returned item.
1,Unfortunately this perfect piecing guide did not yield a perfect scant 1/4  on my machine as promised. Picture shows 3 1 1/2 pieces sewn together.....should have been 3 1/2  but it is 3 5/8.  Amazon refunded full price with no return shipping charged. Will be buying Bonnie Hunters seam allowance guide instead.
1,Save time and frustration, it tears paper and does not cut all the way through.
1,Won't stick after a couple of uses.
1,Wobbly, not stable.
1,Needles were incredibly small. Lost one one day and accidentally stepped on it.
1,Not worth the money.
1,I received a very small bag of beads that should cost about $ 3.00 at the most.  don't bother with these,  not worth it.
1,worse than cheap kindergarten crayons
1,I was disappointed in the fact they will not work on metal needles, only on wood.  Fine for that.  If I had known would not have ordered.
1,it shows being clear, but it is hard to see through, returned item
1,These brushes are very cheap for artists, although good for small children to play around with different sizes of material.
1,never even got to try it.  took it out of the bubble wrap and notice the excess plastic from the mold hadn't been properly removed, and then saw the black marks all over the cone, and orange stains on the cream-colored portions.  tried to loosen the screw for the clamp to set it up but the screw was stripped and wouldn't go up or down while the plastic would continue to turn, and all inside that area was more plastic extra plastic so it wasn't a surprise as to why.  and the arm refused to stay up no matter what.		i think i somehow managed to get some other customer's well-used return by accident.  now i have to go through the entire hassle of ordering another one (this time through KP) while going to the post office to return this one and wait for a refund.		it makes me cranky when people don't do basic QC checks on their outgoing shipments.
1,These were just "okay".
1,Crayolas are not as good as they used to be and this brand isn't as good as Crayola presently is.  (mine also arrived broken but since the ends were missing from the box, that's from the manufacturer)
1,This was a gift.
1,I tried to get this to work for two hours following package instructions and online videos--nothing worked. Instead, I ruined countless pieces of fabric and went through yards of thread. I should have known something wasn't right when the instructions had typos in them and were written in very poor English. I am ordering the Brother brand side cutter to replace this one.
1,Way over priced and the quality is midland to poor.  It doesn't hold up under heavy water use like other less expensive watercolor paper.  It pills much more quickly than I like.  The only time I use this paper is when I know ahead of time I won't be using a lot of water and paint and I want white paper and not off-white.  Save your money, buy a large pad of watercolor paper from Amazon or Wally World and cut it down to the size you need.
1,For general hand sewing this stuff is pretty useless.  I bought myself some as a treat for finishing  a sewing bag/organizer.  My old lump of beeswax is a far superior conditioner for hand sewing thread.  Maybe this works well for embroidery or threads of heavier  weights.  bummer for me.
1,I have used a LOT of RED HEART yarn over the years but never have I used anything this stiff and unyielding. I bought this because I thought it was pretty. I knew I wanted to use it, but wasn't quite sure what I wanted to make. I ended up using it to crochet 5 squares of a 25 square blanket. This was the most difficult yarn I've ever worked with. On the bright side, my blanket is beautiful...
1,At $5.63 as an add on item this is not a good buy.  You can buy these books at Walmart for the same price or less.
1,It's supposed to be a 20 piece butterfly fairy wings but I received 2 huge ugly peacocks.
1,size is correct, but these bend incredibly easily. useless because of this.
1,Horrible quality! Do not waste your money. This chalk does not work on any type of fabric and the company doesn't offer returns.
1,Received instructions for the butterfly, I guess I'm on my own with this one, very disappointed
1,I do not like these "comfort grips" at all. They do not provide enough comfort and they actually are a tad too short so they rub on my finger as I work. These were a waste of money in my opinion. I would rather use the hook without them. They are also very difficult to remove once on.
1,I used the blender.  It crumbled and left a mess on my paper.  I used the burnisher.  It is supposed to give a glossy sort of look.  Nothing.  A waste of money.  I recommend "Finesse colored pencil blender pen".  It's a little pricey, but it works!
1,Dont waste your $ on this pointless product. You don't get any better of an emboss with this folder. I wish I would have known before I chose to purchase.
1,the bobbins are cardboard and tear easy... my other box the bobbins are a sturdy plastic. the rest is ok but that is a deal breaker for me.
1,Flimsy.
1,I didn't like the way it was set up.
1,doesn't cut out right, even if you use a sim!
1,Compartments too small for beads of any size.
1,The quality was lower than I had hoped. The embossed head constantly has to be tightened and the shipping time was so long that the wedding invites we had hoped to use it for were far gone by the time I received it.
1,Bought this to use with the webcaster. Unable to use it because the material stuck to the house and when I try to remove it, it took the paint off the house
1,Purchased this with the Brother Designio Series DZ820E Embroidery Only Machine at Amazon's "people who purchase also purchase these"  The machine never worked and Brother stated it was because of these threads.
1,They are not as sharp as I though they would be.  Hard to pin fleece.
1,Didn't turn any purple but my fingers !
1,I attempted to use this to repair a figurine and my glasses. This was terrible. (I'd even bought the nozzles to make things easier.) It sticks to everything except the projects I was using it on. It didn't make a mess, but it can't even fix plastic glasses, which is ridiculous. I HATE this stuff. It was a complete waste of money. I'll be contacting Amazon about returning this for a refund.
1,I received this and the cartridge and booklet are the only thing here;  the overlay is missing.  There is a sticker on the outside of the pkg which says Universal overlay is required to use it with the older cricuts.  Nothing tells you this on the order;  now how do we go about getting the overlay for this cartridge???  A person can use it if you sit and count out by number where it will be on your keyboard but what a pain.......
1,Not nearly as sharp or nice as my ThreadNanny pair.
1,The only thing it managed to glue were my fingers. I couldn't get the glue to work for my lace on my scrapbook. I wish I hadn't listened to those 'raving' reviews.
1,The cost of this Zebra color is ridiculous.  REALLY......3 times the normal cost.  Just a ripoff.
1,came to me used ;(
1,The instructions are not very good, and there is an assumption that the user knows more about heat transfer vinyl than one might.  I resent having to search the Internet to use a product that should have better instructions.  After struggling and wasting several sheets of this, I got the print and cut done, only to have this not stick to my fabric evenly.  It is very thin, and one can see the fabric through the vinyl.
1,I ordered the color frost white but was sent the white/multi which look similar but the feel is vastly different and I have no use for the color I received. The yarn that I received honestly wasn't all that soft. Might be ok for designs on a hat or blanket but not something you would want to wear directly on your skin.
1,These are a RED color. If they were a dark blue or black, the transfers would probably be much more visible. When ironed onto an ivory colored cloth, it was not visible enough to follow the transferred patterns. A bit disappointing.
1,I really wanted to like these needles. The idea is good as they won't come unscrewed like other interchangeable. I think they are difficult to attatch correctly. There is a ridge that catches on the yarn every time a loop goes over it, very annoying.
1,No idea if this stuff would have worked in my printer. All I know is I bought it expecting it to be transparent - since that is what it calls itself - and when I peeled a bit of the backing off the sheet discovered it is no such thing. Translucent is perhaps a better term - it has the effect of heavily frosted glass when I was expecting something like clear acetate. Ordinary tracing paper is more transparent than this stuff. Total waste of my money.
1,Unfortunately, this foot does not fit the Janome 3434D Serger.
1,CHEAP THREAD WILL NEVER BUY AGAIN
1,too thick to spread according to directions, covered 1/3 advertised.
1,time saver
1,The quality of the tools are of inferior quality. I should have returned it when I received it. The wire cutters would not work..	Perhaps a good kit for an older child.
1,I used this on my Ball one gallon jar to change it to green. I followed the directions on YouTube, which had a video showing you how to do this. Well let me tell you, this turned out absolutely awful. It went on from the start with streaks and bubbles as if it had soap in it. I used thinner and it did not help this effect. Maybe if you are doing fine lines or something with a fine paint brush? But for all over painting? Disastrous!!! I thought the bubbles would go away, they did not. I thought when I put it in the oven that it would even out, it did not. I had to throw the jar away. I will never use this product again.
1,I have a smaller version of the smash book. Bu this one arrived damaged with the pages bent. I also thought the large size was awkward and designed poorly. I sent it back.
1,No good instructions for beginners. And doesn't spray anything.
1,My mistake: Although the colors are nice and I often use her yarn, this package of yarn is TINY! Each color is about the size of a spool of thread. What am I going to do with this?!
1,My bobbin switch broke when it was only 2 months old!  I was told that the switch part is obsolete and I'm sucking wind!  Singer sucks for customer service. They also said that they do not have any authorized repair facility in the STATE of FLORIDA and that I would have to ship it to Atlanta for repair and I would have to pay for one way shipping.  Um, NO!  DO NOT BUY THIS MACHINE BECAUSE NO ONE WANTS TO STEP UP TO THE PLATE and do the right thing because it is out of the 30 return window with Amazon!  OUTRAGEOUS!  Amazon should hang their heads in shame for not helping me in not taking this machine back!!!!!!!  I'm a prime member who spends a lot of money to be treated this way is despicable!!
1,Although the price is not bad, I bought 3 skeins and 2 of them had multiple breaks in the yarn where strips had been tied together.  It tangles as you pull it and I ended up with a tangle up mess.
1,these were packed in a bubble wrap envelope.  they were so bent that tips were 1/2 inch away from each other. they are completely unusable.
1,It wasn't airtight at all. There was a big gap all around when it was closed. You could see right inside. Unfortunately, Im disappointed and returned it.
1,The machine is listed on their compatibility list but this is untrue. There is not where for you to screw in the bolt. I'll just have to stick with my magnetic seam guide.
1,Label torn and ball unraveling. Also seems a smaller amount than the new balls I purchased at a big box store. Condition it came in was horrible - like it was not stored properly. Very disappointed.
1,I could not cut a straight line with these, I tried & tried....don't know if it's the cutter, the blade, or just me.  Back to scissors....
1,This came via mail and was flattened when I got it. Since they cannot be folded, but need to be rolled, it cracked the mat every inch or so. Not happy about it and should have returned it, but didn't want to go through the hassle! Otherwise, these sheets are fabulous for using glue that can be wiped off the mat--and many other uses--a necessity for any crafter. Would recommend you take the trip to JoAnne's to purchase. To be fair to the seller, however, I did not try to resolve my dissatisfaction with them.
1,These are pretty much crap. I've tried several different Silhouette pens from different packages and they all have the same results -- spotty coverage at best and thin, light colors that are not even close to the color saturation shown on the cap. I couldn't even get the pens to do ONE simple design. I bought the pen adapter, am hoping my Tombow markers will perform better, while using the pen adapter.
1,I was so excited to receive and try this, as the infomercials and my previous Cricut experiences had been exactly as they were demonstrated. What a disappointment to have attempted to cut light but stiff die-cut machine appropriate chipboard only to have the machine actually stick during "cutting". I was afraid that my machine would be destroyed if I continued, so I only attempted this two or three times before giving up. Very disappointing, and because of the fears for my machine, I don't think I'll attempt to try it again without some serious research online anytime soon.
1,The one on top is from Amazon, and the one the bottom is from dickblick. The quality sucks on the brushes. They won't hold a tip and they split down the middle. I bought two and both come out the same. I'm not sure it's the same manufacture but they look different.brushes. Next time i'll order from dickblick.
1,I was looking very forward to receiving this punch as I had many many circles to cut out for a project. As soon as I received it I put it to work but it would not cooperate at all! It would not cut out with one sheet of paper let alone a few. I was extremely disappointed. I called Amazon to return the item and they immediately refunded my month without any hassle. Thank you Amazon for making an unpleasant situation much better!
1,These eyeglass holders did not work for me.  The loop is not adjustable.  Because it is not adjustable, the eyeglass stems tend to fall out of the loop.  You must therefore have eyeglasses with very wide or think end stems in order to make these work.
1,Shaft of trimmer element doesn't fit tight enough in the MS trimmer base. Waste of money.
1,I guess I didn't read the size. Much smaller than I expected
1,It's a wonderful fantastic concept, unfortunately it ONLY works well on heavy very tight knit fabric (where it worked pretty good for the first day), it only worked for a few minutes on fleece and t-shirt material without a ton of swearing and do overs. :( And even then, it only worked so, so. I think it's back to a chalk pencil for me.
1,The first one I received wasn't complete.  When I received the completed one, I wish I hadn't ordered it.  The suction cup won't work on even a flat table and the rubber is too hard to put needles in.  A real waste of money.
1,Teeny tiny!
1,Did not wash off my chalkboard. It ruined our wall board!
1,I used this stuff when making a mold, followed the instructions but it was horrible, the best fix for me was to use candle wax on the container instead of this stuff. Using wax I got a clean silicone mold with absolutely no rough edges at all however I can see the thin strokes of wax in the underside of the finished piece. I ordered Mann Release instead of this stuff after seeing it in a few youtube videos. If you are using a relatively expensive mold making material and want to NOT have to peel silicone off your original do NOT use this. It can work... but will it work for you... I'd say you have a 60% chance you'll regret using it and I would never ever use this stuff making a two piece silicone mold, it isn't worth the risk.
1,didn't fit my machine
1,Many of the hooks have roughness that constantly catch on the yarn causing problems. Spend a little more for smooth hooks that make for smooth crocheting.
1,This items needs a separate hook/hole for the string. Each time you need to refill it with oil you have to take the string/chain completely out of the item to open the lid and have access to the cotton pad inside.
1,Never go around to the UPS store to return this item and the delivery guy never picked it up when I put it out on the porch for him.  This little jar arrived with the seal broken and half the paint missing  The paint that is in there is dried up.  I have had to reconstitute it so it will not be suitable for my other works.	Boo Hiss	EREX
1,At first I was amazed by the silver marker: you can get a very smooth and clear line without much effort, and the distribution of metallic pigment is even. The golden one was a catastrophe: on the third shake after it stopped writing yet again, and I was trying to make it as shiny as the silver one, lots of ink came out all over the place, also on fabric. You cannot get it out with neither water nor alcohol even immediately after s spill.
1,I have to get this from Amazon because I couldn't find the color that I want from my local Jo-Ann Fabric Store.  At Jo-An, the 20g (0.7 oz) package is less than $4 (without coupon) and the wool is nice long and easy to work on.  This is not a good one.  The package is 2" X 4" and the wool is not good at all.  Very very short and broke easily.
1,low quality, reaaly low. charcoals don't even smudge
1,This yarn was the worst yarn I ever bought! It  kept separating and also cost twice as much at amazon then it does in a store. I ordered it because the store was out of it and I had a project I was working on. I thought for the price it was a bigger ball of yarn. [O
1,Unfortunately these stretched out after use and did not snap back to their original shape, which minimizes their usefulness.
1,not pretty as pictures and tooooo small
1,Does anyone make one of these that fits an adult finger? This one is made for a small child. It isn't worth buying, and if you do it isn't worth throwing away. I gave it an extra star for concept, if it fit it should really work well.
1,Hard to get the cutter through the slots. Broke when I picked it up from a table. It is heavy and I picked it up by one end and viola cracked 1/4 the way down. Too pricey for such a failure. I did get the astrologist square it up ruler and it is better. It is not as heavy, the cutter goes through easier and it has not cracked or broke. I would not waste your money on this one. .
1,The book does not give enough information.
1,This formulation is like the fabric mod podge and it just never really dries. It stays tacky. It has a bit of a tint similar to the antique mod podge.
1,No directions and could not figure out how to use?
1,Very difficult to read numbers. I have bi focal sand can't read the numbers. It's not fun at all disappointed.
1,very flimsy and difficult to get on the machine
1,Paper was received with folds and curls
1,Honestly, at first I thought it was a dream come true.  My engagement ring is so top heavy and loose, I needed something to secure it in place.  The only problem is, when I wash my hands or put on lotion, the guard scratches my other hand.  Also, even the smallest was a little too long for comfort, so I was always aware it was there.  I wouldn't recommend.  There must be a better choice somewhere else.
1,The stamps and dies are really awesome. But some of my pieces were missing from the die set and the stamps appeared to have been used.
1,At first I thought these needles were great. They are Junk. Needles were not labeled correctly, my "6" was actually an "8" and the "8" broke after one week of use. Very disappointed in this purchase. I will be attempting to return them.		Terrible product.
1,REYTURNED WATING FOR CREDIT READING REVIWES THE SCEWEWS DON'T WORK SAND COULBD BE DANGEROUS
1,The braces that hold the quilting rods broke as soon as I put the rods in it with a quilt on.  It may work for small projects but I would not recommend it for a double size or queen quilt.  The piece literally sheered off where the screw inserts.  Very weak materials and not a sturdy piece.		Spend the extra money for a solid one.
1,Hardly any magnetic strength.
1,I got these needles to make a Christmas present, and after about three rows I gave up. The joins on these needles are not smooth at all, the cord is so stiff that it makes it extremely difficult to work on anything, and the cold, hard, aluminum hurt my hands. Will not be using these needles again
1,Very difficult to punch anything heavier than plain copy paper.  It sounds like it's going to break even if you punch just one sheet of card stock.  It's going back and I'm ordering the 2.25" EK Tools scallop circle punch instead.
1,Didn't punch all the way through the paper. I understand I'm not the only one to have this problem with this particular kind of stamp.
1,These fell apart and were just very poor quality.
1,I was so excited by the Sizzix Fold-A-Long die! How disappointing! The cards made from this jar die are 1/4" too wide (on the short side)  to fit in standard-size envelopes. The bulk of card makers prefer A2 cards (finished card is 4.25x5.5 inches and fits into  4 3/8" x 5 3/4" envelopes) for several reasons. For example, we can make two A2 cards from one 8.5x11 sheet of card stock. Impossible to do with a card that is 4.5"x5.5 inches. We can make five A2 cards from one 12x12" piece. Not possible with Fold-A-Long cards. WHAT A WASTE of card stock. A2-sized cards are rectangular and fit within the USPS rules on proper sizes. This means A2 cards do not cost more to mail. (SQUARE cards, on the other hand, require extra postage, so shame on those who keep forcing 6x6 cards down our throats!) A2 cards have been the standard for many years. For those needing larger cards, the A7 (5"x7") has been the standard for many, many years, too. It does NOT cost more to mail a 5x7 card (costs same as an A2). For these odd-sized Sizzix dies, one has to buy 5.25"x7.25" (A7) envelopes, which cost more than A2s and don't look professional because they are too large for the 4.5"x5.5" card..
1,they are ok, paper does not tear well, tips are really fat , not good for detail
1,May be a good product - slipped up on this purchase - didn't notice it came from China on the proverbial "slow boat".  I will try to NEVER order Chinese made products again.
1,I couldn't find Red Heart Super Saver Yarn in Antique anywhere except on Amazon.  I needed one skein.  I'd been looking for Antique at stores & online for a couple of months & could only find it on Amazon.  It cost $9.51 from this seller w/ an Amazon discount of $.36.  So, I paid $9.15 for one skein.  I had been looking so long that I decided to bite the bullet & purchase it.  I pulled an end from the center of the skein so I could wind the yarn into a ball.  After only about 1 1/2 ft, the yarn tugged.  Oh Oh!!  I reached into the middle of the skein & found a knot w/ the other loose end knotted all up in it.  The yarn was twisted & knotted around itself throughout the entire skein.  It took me almost 4 hours to unknot it, cut out the knots where loose ends had been sloppily joined, & wrap it into a ball. I had to weave the small ball of yarn I had started through, into, around, & over constantly.  I have NEVER seen such a mess.  There were 5 sloppily tied knots where the yarn had broken & the ends retied.  I've purchased other Red Heart Yarns that occasionally have 1 or even 2 small knots in it where the ends had been retied.  I don't appreciate it because I feel yarn should be wound in one continuous skein w/o joined ends in the yarn.  To me, if the yarn has to be tied together due to broken ends, it should be sold as seconds.  I don't think they have machines that retie the broken ends.  I could be wrong; but, it seems unlikely.  That means that someone had to see how many breaks there were in this skein.  The yarn should have been discarded as too defective.  I have NEVER had to fix more than 2 knots in a skein until I got this one.  I usually buy yarn ahead. So I'm not apt to unravel the skein from the center & wind it back into a ball for a while.  But, I really wanted to see what this yarn looked like knitted.  FYI:  The colors in Antique knit up beautifully.  I did think that this yarn was burgundy/teal/white/soft grey/soft black.  The part I though was grey is actual a soft taupe.  The part I thought was black is a really deep, almost black, chocolate.  I found this yarn in a store about a week later for $2.59 a skein.  Yeah, I paid over $9.00 & don't appreciate being gouged.  Since I had already unknotted the skein, dealt w/ the loose ends that had been sloppily tied, & knitted the gloves; I couldn't return the skein.  Had I found the yarn at the craft store before I had made the gloves, I would have put the knotted mess in a bag & returned it.  But, you know how it is when you really want to make something w/ a specific yarn.  Still, I can't believe that someone would charge $9.51 for a skein that was an obvious second (defective).  This was my first purchase from The BT Group.  I see many positive reviews & purchased this based on those glowing reviews.  I thought this yarn had been discontinued & really wanted it.  So, I was willing to pay more.  I did not expect such poor quality control.  I'm not sure I'd trust this seller again.  Honestly, this was not acceptable.  I could have taken the wrapper from the defective yarn, placed it on one of the new skeins I'd bought for so much less, & returned it to Amazon for a refund.  But, I am an honest person & just couldn't do that.  All I can do is warn others that when you purchase from this seller, you may be spending money on defective merchandise.
1,Not very useful. It adds rows in my knitting bag.
1,Not the greatest purchase I have made for my Sizzix, great quality, just not as cute in person.  Still trying to figure out what to do with it.
1,I tried Staz On because of the claims that it adheres to surfaces like a sharpie pen ink.  It doesn't.		I am an engineer and a chemist.		I received StazOn today and did a side-by side test of a black sharpie pen and my new StazOn ink pad.		The StazOn Ink smeared of onto my finger after 30 min of drying at room temp.  The sharpie ink was dry in about a second.		I need pad ink for a logo I am stamping.  StazOn  does not stay on compared with Sharpie.  I am still looking for ink that works exactly like Sharpie.
1,I've had this tool a little bit more than a year, now. I won't lie, I used it a ton. I make jewelry as a business and I make thousands and thousands of loops. These lasted less than a year and I didn't even use them for half of my work. The clipper piece is visibly distorted and no longer cuts the wires.		I am not impressed at all. Used only on dead soft wire in copper and brass. While they were handy while they worked, they aren't worth the price tag if they aren't going to last.
1,I should have paid more attention to how many m/ft were on the spool vs the price.	Pepperell: $5.40 for 1 roll - 10m	PandaHall Elite: $6.99 for 10 Rolls of Elastic Stretch Polyester Beading String 10m for each roll.
1,This did not work for me. I thought I'd try to make some dense throw pillows cushier. This just made them lumpy. I never was able to fold it the way some advised and fluffing it was a disaster, did I say lumpy. Ugh. I'm sure I'll find some other use for the two bags of it I bought based on the other good reviews. I'll most likely use it under a gauze cover for a foot stool before upholstering. Too bad my kids have outgrown their stuffed animals. This would have come in handy for refilling those.
1,The painted desert yarn  is very thin and texture is rough i have used red heart many years and haven't had this problem
1,Brushes are of poor quality. They might be OK for one-time use or for children. They are not meant for sensitive blending.
1,Not what I expected and sorry I bought them.
1,Bought it before I read about it. Wish I hadn't. I believe it is too unhealthy and smelly to use and it won't work for most of the things I bought it for. Too bad.
1,Doesn't live up to the hype. Colors are not bright. Tried to sharpen them and the core lead must be broken in the casing. Finally got to where I could color, but the original pencil is now half its size. I wish Crayola had 120 different shades. I sure would have purchased that over these.
1,Very disappointed in the quality of the cord. Highly over rated. Cord was not smooth and very stiff. Not worth the price in my opinion
1,Price is right but the quality is poor.  The fabric is very rough, itchy, and stiff compared to other tulle.  I love the color but the quality is not meant for wearing. Would not purchase again.
1,These arrived promptly, but are just the cheap wire needle threaders with a pretty little plastic holder. They don't work. All three broke my first day using them, so I went to my local store and bought a thin metal 'hook' threader. It was just a couple bucks and it works great. Don't purchase these if you need to thread more than one strand. I sew daily and I will never purchase this item again.
1,Had a hard time putting these on my crochet hooks. Would not purchase again.
1,Garbage, plastic is fragile, at least mine are and I received damaged bobbins that took close to 2 months to get. Oh and I only received 9. ........
1,really bad quality.  The head of the hammer is loose.  not good
1,I am not sure what these pages go to.  I bought them at the same time I bought my Clementine kit and thought they would fit the album, but they are too small.  Now I don't know how to get a replacement for them.  The pages that go to the kit I bought are the PHoto Pocket Pages - Design A.
1,I take great care with my brushes and after using this one three times, a big chunk of bristles fell out.  I expect better quality in a "professional" brush that costs $43. I love the width, but this brush is big disappointment. Unfortunately, I didn't use it right away so the window for return has passed otherwise, I would get a refund.
1,I just received and it was wet(3 of them are) I didn't like little sticky moisture from brushes and separated tips. But it wasn't big deal for me anyway. However, I have to return this set. If the brush tips are not separated(I don't know I can fix or working out somehow), some brush hairs are not sticking out(I could cut them out), confusingly closing tips and water contain parts are the not clockwise(very miner one but), I thought I might keep it and... here is the trouble one, brush tip is totally came out from plastic tip. bye~bye~! I may liked it very much because I was very satisfying holding it when I working on testing brushes. but I do not bother to exchange this time. I already order other brushes.		Here some pictures. I hope someone get ready for return and get new one from them.
1,I ordered (25) 5mm sterling silver split rings. I received 60 split rings. The label does not state SS or what. I needed sterling silver rings for a design. I will have to order from another company, as I can't be sure these are sterling silver. As least shipping was under a month!
1,If you are expecting a real true red, do NOT buy this paint because it honestly is way more of a pink color than a red.  Sometimes pictures can be deceptive and it's hard to tell so though it didn't look real red when I bought it, I was sure that since it claimed to be red, it would be but I was wrong.  I was really disappointed because red is really what I wanted and needed and also I would have NEVER spent that much $ on a small bottle of paint + the shipping, had I known it wasn't RED.
1,I have many  Brittany sets and I was very surprised on the first time I was using one of the needles snapped and broke just below the middle section
1,too small for my fingers (my hand is average womens size).
1,I SPECIFICALLY bought THIS item because the description stated, "1-inch pre-measured strips with CLEAR [emphasis added], perforated liner for easy placement".  That is not what I received; the liner is opaque and non-perforated making it impossible to place the strips where I want them.
1,its not even black glitter. i thought it would be like a black fabric paint but with a shimmer. but its black glitter mixed with this white fabric paint. disappointing.
1,I was sent Cherry Red instead of the Soft Navy I ordered. The packing slip even said Soft Navy. But I needed to finish my project for mailing, so I did not have time to send it back and wait for the replacement. I just made the article smaller. I was so disappointed.
1,My fault. I did not pay good attention to the description. It DOES hold everything that I need for my class, problem is	when I get to the car, I can't lift it into the car. I have to unload, put the case in the car, put my "stuff in the car, then when	i get to class, take everything out and re load case. Big mistake but my mistake.	I'd like to sell it.
1,Hooks are not well developed. Took forever to arrive (from China).
1,Do NOT buy this if you have the Cameo THREE!!!	I didn't realize there was a difference in size, so I didn't read the reviews (or go low enough in the product description) something	I read the review -- obsessively ; ) -- when I am going to buy something and I don't know what got in to me but I didn't this time! So it's my fault. but I sure wish they would put the "fits Cameo 1 and 2" RIGHT AT THE TOP of the DESCRIPTION because machines are being updated all the time and reading the reviews now (too late) I see that it has fooled LOTS of People!		SELLER: if you read this, put that tidbit of information at the top or even in the header! It certainly would save all the returns you are getting!
1,These colors are so faint, they don't really show up as colors. At best, they're an overlay for existing color, but even then, the shine doesn't show up in most lights. A fun idea, but the work just doesn't show up. I have to use so much on each brush just to get a little result that I'm scared of messing up the work underneath.
1,cheaply made for the price, aluminum is very thin, handle falls off, I ended up purchasing a walnut hollow extruder instead.
1,Love the set for the value. My only complaints are that the plastic needles are crappy and break easily. The case is very cheap and is not secure so the hooks can fall out easily. There is no special place for the stitch markers either so they will fall out. I also was saddened that the grips come off so easily from the hooks and I'm not sure if I should use any glue to resolve that issue or not.
1,I had low expectations on this,bought it as a add on.came with some of the jewels missing & looked rusty & junk.	The pic is deceiving! No way one can wear it!!had to trash it.somebody out there is making profits by selling junk like these online!!its a shame!!
1,If you want the color to be as it appears on the container - Don't buy this! I used it on white cotton and it came out like a brown-maroon color, which is nothing like the color on the container.
1,I had not used the tool for 10 minutes before the velcro began to pull away all the way around. The glue they used must be lousy. With all the hoopla over Ranger and Tim Holtz products, this is disappointing, to have the item immediately begin falling apart. I treated this tool gently. I won't be buying more.
1,pretty useless over price purple piece of plastic.  you can use a wooden skewer for the same thing an nearly free
1,These are thin, wimpy brushes that don't hold much paint and don't stand up to the demands of acrylics. Maybe if you are using liquid acrylics but I use heavy body. I'm kinda rough on my brushes, and I've bought cheap ones before (because I abuse them) and I've been happy with them, but these I won't be purchasing again.
1,Can not get technical support for the silhouette machine
1,This machine has tons of stitch functions and attachments, of which I will say I love the knee-lifter. The thread cutter is nice, however I find it slows me down. I am a 5th generation quilter and have been doing creative sewing for years...I can honestly say I was willing to give this machine a try, but the quality just isn't there.	My machine is now broken. I dropped the "feed dogs" to sew on satin, and they won't raise again. I was offered a P.O. to send it in for repairs, but that would mean packing it back up and shipping it out.		My Janome Threadbanger (a collector's edition TB12 now called something else) and Janome TB 30 have served me much better to be honest. Emphasis here on QUALITY over "quantity" (of stitches, attachments, etc). The Janome machines are simply made better. My advice to anyone interested would be this: if you are either new to sewing or have been sewing on mainstream sewing machines for a while, you may be quite happy with the Project Runway machine because it would be considered an "upgrade" to a regular machine bought in traditional stores. However, if you are a "purist" like myself, and have been accustomed to sewing on a heavy-duty machine you might not be happy with the quality of this model. I learned how to sew from my Grandmother, on a White sewing machine...very heavy duty. We relied on our own creativity and being used to that, it's hard going to an electronic machine that is a bit more delicate and tempermental.		If you are into making clothes, handbags, quilts, home decor, etc., the more basic and sturdy machines are what you want. I've sold many home decor items at shows, and the fun stitching isn't what you see so much as, say embellishments you will add or how you put it all together. It all depends on how you like to sew, and what your expectations are.		The key here is if you want a machine to do a lot of the work for you and help you along with the creative process of sewing, this would probably work well for you. If you already have the creativity on your own and can guide the machine to do what YOU want it to, then pass on this and go for a Janome. Hope this helps!
1,These are NOT evenly filled, do NOT write smoothly(lots of skipping), and if they don't skip, they put out WAY Way too much ink, so my paper's soaked! I hadn't opened them as soon as I got them...I was waiting for my coloring books to come in. ~which these pens are NOT good for coloring!	Otherwise, I would want my money back	:(
1,do not color good
1,Do yourself a favor. If you are going to buy this, put a dab of superglue on the inside of the end without the hook. That way, the metal hook won't slide out, pop-out and lose forever that plastic cork, and eventually you won't stab yourself with the rough metal end, slicing your finger and forever ruining your mother's white cashmere scarf you're knitting.
1,I usually don't leave negative feedback but this case is an exception.	I have no idea why this awl is rated over 4 start. It's literally piece of junk. I'm very surprised that osborne makes such low quality item. This awl is so thin that it will no go through anything thicker than 3 oz leather. Don't bother getting it and get something better.
1,holds needle okay but can't figure out how to use for needle threading.
1,Not a fan of this product.  It's so hard to use for a chalk board, which is what I bought it for.  I guess if it's used in some other medium it might work better...just not "chalk" lol
1,I did not receive all 12 spools that were supposed to be in the tube.
1,It's already broken. Certainly not worth the money I paid for it. Better off buying the simple thin wire loops for 97 cents for three. WILL NEVER BUY IT AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!
1,Tackiness of the mat only lasted through 4 applications of fabric before it stopped holding the fabric securely. I understood it would not hold forever but expexted it to last longer than 4 times.
1,I did not like this thread. The colors were not like the picture at all. Most of the colors were muddy and dull. I won't buy again.
1,Does not work.  Piece of junk.
1,the winder works  at first. than it starts massing up . so bad that I cant work with it...  I would say it not good one to have at all
1,i didn't seem to work,....i think i was doing something wrong.....MAYBE
1,my fault it is of very good quality its it just way too big for a 11 year old girl to use
1,i did not buy shoes
1,does not cut well
1,I'd give less than one star if I could. Same as other reviews did not work. No flow. Scratchy. Do not purchase.
1,I wanted to like these. I've used the small mole-skin type thimbles and these seemed more economical and easy to use. The needle does poke through and thread easily catches on the edge. It does not conform to your finger as well as I'd hoped.
1,This was not an Amazon Purchase, it was purchased from some forgotten place. Instructions for use: Plug it in, unplug it, allow to cool, throw it in the trash. If you gave it as a gift and the person told you they loved it, they were being kind.
1,All pieces are short!!! None are 12x12
1,To thin to use with Cricut.
1,Not even Cotton! It's all polyester and to thread it's no good the strands open up apart and it is impossible to use also this is not waxed at all... Useless
1,This pattern must have been created in the 70's. The crotch is way too long compared to the leg length and the sizes seem off too. What a waste of money! After cutting fabric to the bad pattern, I scratched those pants and just cut my own from a good pair of pajama pants I already own. Don't waste your money!
1,Soft yarn but this is the small size version. Could buy the bigger version at Joanns for same price
1,The action is stiff and sticky. I have several no-names that work better. I use my sharp smooth  full size (no name cheapies) versus these -- and they are still cutting beautifully after a decade. This was a waste of money. Such a profound disappointment. Don't buy these.
1,The red paint was so thick, it barely squeezed out of the bottle.  I had to mix the 'paste' with glaze and alcohol paint.  The white and brown were the normal thin texture.
1,These beads are not like advertised! Not only are they lackluster but the predominant color is brown, I have taken a picture so others won't waste their money!
1,Ring falls apart quickly. The ring is 3 pieces glued together. Haven't had time to see if I can return them.
1,Very poor quality.  Very yellowed and not at all like the normal quality I'm used to w/these pocket pages. Don't know if they were stored in the heat or light, but they're bad.
1,I received this pen via Amazon Prime's same day delivery. My excitement to use it quickly dissipated when I realized that it was already fairly dried out. I was unable to make down strokes with it, since the ink would cut out and leave areas of the paper white. The pen was clearly defective, but it was also not eligible for return or refund. This was very unfortunate, because I know several other artists that use these Tombow Fudenosuke brushes with good success. I also love all of the other Tombow pens that I own. That said, the ink in this pen is clearly very hit or miss. And, without being able to return a defective pen for a refund, that miss means an unnecessary waste of money. I will not buy this pen from Amazon in the future, unless the return policy changes. I opted for these refillable pens instead:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Refill-Brush-Marker-Pens-for-Writing-4-Size-Calligraphy-Ink-Pen-for-Lettering-Signature-Design/dp/B075YDMHD9/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Refill Brush Marker Pens for Writing - 4 Size Calligraphy Ink Pen for Lettering, Signature, Design</a>
1,Was expecting the design to be colored on the mat but it isn't so it's a little more difficult for my folks than I was expecting.
1,Was very excited, got it hooked up, used it for 15 min and it starts flashing, like there's a short, more of a hindrance than an asset. i changed the battery and it worked again, then it got dimmer and dimmer, then joy!  It got really bright again.  Then it died all together.  NOT WORTH the experiment to purchase and think I can do better finding one in an actual physical store.		Excellent customer service, they refunded me instantly.
1,This marker fell apart the first time I used it. It would not go back together, so it is useless.
1,OK I don't hate it. But, I don't like it either. This is pretty in the picture but it arrived all cockamamy.  It is kind of squarish and the center is a really large, not very pretty, separate part that does not resemble the picture. Disappointing.
1,Bends and forms okay, but it does tarnish fairly quickly.
1,are worthless for syicking stars on the ceiling
1,These looked good for the price but when I received them I saw through the clear package that the bristles looked clumped together so I squeezed one and it was crunchy and stuck together, so I tried another and same thing. They were hard like something was put on them. I also noticed 4 or 5 didn't even fit into the slots they were in, making the brushes look like they were in the wrong package. I wet a crunchy brush, and there was a slimy film on them that made it crunchy. I rinsed for quite a while and they were still slimy and the bristles were coming out like it wasn't crimped enough to hold them in place. Some of the brushes had bristles that had come out in the package before I even opened it. Amazon got me my refund but I do not recommend these brushes for anything.
1,Very difficult to punch. Sticks and you have to literally pull it apart.
1,The size in the description is not accurate. It came a bit dried out and took a bit to get it to work. Very obnoxious that the size doesn't match what the product actually is. The actual size is 2.5 x 2.5 x. 75 inches
1,Love
1,i knew they'd be small, but this is micro small... i bought to make doll hair for my small felt dolls, i'll be lucky if i can get two small ponytails. will never buy again.
1,Convenient  to have, but I am having a problem with the foam pieces coming loose and falling off. It is like the glue holding it on is dried out.  This is my second bag, from different vendors, and the same thing keeps happening. I am using them with die based ink pads.  Great idea, but as far as I am concerned they need to perfect them.
1,Not what I expected
1,Some phrase's cut after two passes, but I have problems with Congratulations not cutting well at all, maybe my card stock is too thick or the cutting edges dull.  I don't think I will be buying any more sentiments.	Update.  I have many spellbinders die but every time I tried to use this one I curse every time I try to release the die cut and fail.  I hate this one and with be re placing it with another die set not from this co.
1,Got one or two uses from it, and it just doesn't work great. Take it apart to clean, and I feel there are missing parts. Always gives me trouble. Save your money, get a iwata...
1,Not at all worth the money. Half the pieces were tiny rings to attach charms and little stoppers that you squeeze onto a chain. The charms pictured are not what you receive, and the size is very misreprested. Not a very good assortment and not what was shown in the picture by any means. I thought this whole sale was misrepresented and a waste of money in the end. Extremely disappointed.
1,I didn't find this helpful.  I have and odd shaped wooden tool with angles on both ends that is wonderful so I thought the plastic would be an improvement and I could add to my travel case.  Most likely I will give to anyone who likes it.  I would not do that with the wooden one. I would buy a friend a wooden one of their own but I would miss it to much to give away.  Biggest reason I didn't like is that it didn't really put a change in flattening the fabric just moved over it.  That was on cotton so I am sure it wouldn't like a heavier fabric.
1,Sent it back (for a full refund). Didn't cut just wadded up the material no matter what material I tried.  Normally a brother fan...went back to the new generation of cricut
1,Not the type of quality in materials I expected, this is very light weight and clearly an entry level, minimal use tool. Not for serious needs, more for fun
1,It doesn't adjust very well and it's basically just a holder to a fixed position. I'm going to build a better one myself though.
1,flimsy material, I bought it to make curtains sadly unusable.  When held to the light you see through it and it looks purple not blue disappointed
1,Hate it. Doesnt stick to anything.
1,I can barely work with it. No amount of kneading seems to help. I will have to buy some softener. Very disappointed.
1,Super flimsy, doesn't fit the superbonder detail gun.
1,I love these bamboo handled crochet hooks. They stay warm in my hands which helps with my arthritic hand.		I hadn't opened mine when I made the review and now it's too late to return it. It was taped back up like it was returned and the needle snags the yarn. I love the hooks, but NOT this one!!
1,Not good quality...they all came bent and not strong enough for earrings or other needs.	Very disappointed.
1,This storage unit has the very real probability to come unattached and still the contents.  It has a very small lip on the snap part of the set.  I do not trust it to carry much around		as of 1/3/17 seller has stated they will provide me with replacement. will update when this has happened
1,the needles I ordered were unusable. moisture had corroded the needles green making them stick to the cardboard. I never received replacements either. :-(
1,If these were given free you would not want to use. I realize these sponger painters are always throw away , with that said I used 1 for five minutes and tossed it. Too flimsy, won't hold any paint, and the sponge part is so thin it is a joke. Compared to the hardware store or big box store version wound be Luke comparing a plastic knife from taco bell to a German made one. 1000 purchasers, 3 complaints, this is one of them
1,They are what is to be expected in student or basic grade paints... thin pigmentation.
1,Horrible! Not a magnifying glass ? Then have fun :(
1,Not what I expected
1,it didn't fit my emboroidery machine and couldn't open on my computer...sorry
1,Does not work for all Baby lock Ellageo machines.  Does not work for Esg2 model.
1,received item expeditiously, however before i had a chance to put them on my bracelet, half of them were either broken or missing the silver insert. they are beautiful beads. i am sorry that i had to give a negative review but it is what it is.
1,Product came with missing pair
1,Plastic parts.  Stopped sewing after 6 months.  Will never own another Brother product.
1,I got these to replace a pair I've had for years, obviously manufactured by a different company who knows how to make goods scissors. These are all but useless, they are difficult to open and close, whatever you attempt to cut gets caught between the blades and just pinches there. It appears that they meet at the base, seperate a little, meet again and then seperate at te tip. Garbage.
1,This is a very heavy clumsy gadget, I am disappointed, the idea is great, but not user friendly
1,It doesn't surprise me one bit that one arrived opened and ruined. There have been countless items I have received that were completely trashed. A pack of post it notes opened and shoved in an envelope with the wrapping all crumpled and shoved in there. I received a cat water system without the huge top screw on jar, a bird feeder completely taken apart with the lid missing ...........my god the list goes on. I love Amazon and I have received quite a few quality things at great prices. It's some of Amazon's warehouse crew that have total disregard for fulfilling and packing. I mean come on a two part watering pet bowl that holds 2 1/2 gallons of water shipped with just a base..... no product sticker, no product inormation. Just a bottom bowl that clearly one could see was part of a multi-part product. It boils down to laziness. It's too bad
1,I am very disappointed with this product. It does not work at all. Glue does not harden when exposed to the light on pen. I would give this no star but forced to enter a rating.
1,These are REALLY soft bristles and I had a hard time getting the Gesso to go into the canvas at all. Just really annoying. After a while I just said screw it and moved to a trusty 1 inch bright brush. Still haven't found a wide brush that I would want to use to prime a canvas. :/ It might be useful to others, but it just was a bit TOO soft for me.
1,hard to use, made a mess on paper.
1,These popped off any size needle I put them on.  Just didn't work for me, but I use nickel-plated needles.
1,It's hard to get the crystals off the stick, and I was using 20ss. I would never buy this again. I had better luck using candle wax and a bamboo skewer. Do not waste your money buying this, especially if you are using tiny stones.
1,I followed the instructions according to the manufacturer and after a couple of washes the spots I repaired on the outside of my mug are back to their  old scratched self.
1,TOO BIG
1,Tube arrived busted with paint leaking out. 2 stars because I was able to salvage most of it by putting it into an empty squeeze bottle that previously contained Acrylic.
1,I've bought 4 charm mixes from 4 different vendors. This one has, by far, the most tiny useless charms. Out of the hundred I ordered 23 were the small ones with "handmade" or some version printed on them. 3 were horoscope charms.  I have no idea what some of the others are. I gave them three stars because there was only one broken one and there were about half that I liked. So far the mixes from eCrafty have been the best and VIKI LYNN the worst. I've attached pictures in all my reviews so you can see first hand.
1,This package was a disappointment. The colors are indeed beautiful--but the skeins are half-size! You get very little thread for the price. And having only half a skein of thread really limits you to small projects. I would not recommend this.
1,package arrived with the cap broken. Given that this is an Air erase marker well you get the gist :(
1,When they say thin that is an understatement. Picture is very deceiving. All six skeins that I ordered came in an 8 1/2 x 11 inch envelope. I will keep it but won't buy from this vendor ever again. So much for the scarf that I was going to make.
1,Falls over often spilling the spools all over the floor. I wish there was a way for these people to put a little more effort in their design so that the spools could be secure if the rack were to lose it's balance and fall (like this one does often). Do more research for DIY options of storing your spools and you will have a head ache free solution.
1,The product was mislabeled on my order. I ordered bronze, the label said bronze but silver chain was what was in the package. I was able to quickly get a refund but I'm scared to order again. I really wanted this chain too.
1,My purchase before I learned there was a ebosser on the market, I parked this one since and use the ebosser for all of my dies including accuquilt ! No more hand cranks YEAH !! Love love love spellbinder dies, best on the market, most beautiful intricate designs and you always get what it is advertised as (unlike other die companies), but the hand crank?? NOT
1,Very disappointed was extra small never buy again
1,Over priced
1,CHEAP DID NOT HOLD UP AN TEARING  BEGAN ON FIRST USE
1,So tiny. Cute but cheaply made. got mine and its was falling apart. The little bobbin on top all the thread was off and did not cover the tiny spool.only reason i kept it was i could not find another seller. way over priced even with discount..
1,This product may be great depending on your intended use. However, I was using it for a scrapbook and a variety of random art projects (e.g., popup cards). Based on my use, I have the following criticisms of the product:		(1) PLASTIC ADHESIVE TAPE: This product is best described as tape, not lace. It may be described as paper thin, plastic adhesive. As such, it does not look at all like lace.		(2)  THIN, SEE-THROUGH: The product is very thin, which causes it to be partially see-through when applied to paper of contrasting color. It also looks rather cheap because it is so thin.		(3) IMPERFECT PATTERN: The "lace" that is depicted has holes that give it a lace-like pattern. However, the tape did not have all the holes pre-detached. When I peeled it from its backing the holes still did not detach. Therefore, the pattern in the tape looked fairly bad.		Overall, probably would not recommend this product.
1,there is nothing wrong with the product.  it was not quite what i was looking for.  i returned 4 items and she charged me over $7 a piece.  i will not buy from her again.
1,Not the quality I hoped for. Also I can't use them on my sewing machine as the holes are too big
1,The software I received will not allow more than 5 SAVES unless you are hooked up to the Pazzles and the machine is turned ON.		I bought this because it would allow me to create my own projects for cut outs. I create projects that require lots of steps and so I need to save what I have done as I go step by step as many at 25-100 steps. I must turn the Pazzles on to save my work after 5 SAVES.  If  I'm going to work in the dinning room I have to drag the Pazzles into the dinning room from my craft room plug it into the power outlet and into my laptop to save the 25-100 steps in just one project, I may do 1-3 projects a sitting.		We travel a lot. On flights lasting 6-12 hours it would be nice to work on creating Pazzle projects on my laptop. NO CAN DO takes more than 5 SAVES. If I wanted to work on projects once I arrived at destination I would have had to pack up the Pazzles in it's shipping box, paid the airline $60.00 round trip to check it in as baggage (it's too big for under the seat in front of me, too big for the baggage area over head). Who want's to drag this machine all over the world just to SAVE invested time and created projects using their (paid for) Pazzles software on the computer?		This is bizarre, what are these people thinking?  What are they afraid of? I pay a big price for the machine it comes with software. I'd like to be able to use that software without the Pazzles machine in my hip pocket.		Now, I'm told Pazzles has developed new software that for another $100.00 will allow me to make numerous saves without the machine hooked up to my computer and turned on. Of course that's on top of the $400.00+ I already paid for the Pazzles, software in the box, manual, mat, (1) cutter blade and blade holder.		I ordered a perfectly NEW machine. However, bits of red vinyl on the dull blade, holder and machine indicated to me that the machine had been USED before.  I couldn't return it at the time I found this red vinyl on the bottom of the blade holder and on the cutter because, when it was finally delivered to my home I had departed on a lengthy trip. Once I returned and had time to open the box and set up the Pazzles the allowed time had passed for returning the machine.		I gave them benefit of the doubt....maybe they test these machine before boxing them.  On their Pazzles site I asked this question, "Do you test the machines?" and explained what I had found. .  . .  NEVER RECEIVED AN ANSWER!		I've had occasion to talk with customer service at Pazzles. I received unwarranted abrupt, curt answers. Not a pleasant experience.		If you plan to do your own designs and you wish to save your work as you go without the Pazzles in your hip pocket you will have to pay another $100.00 for that expected and necessary capability.  If you intend to make your own designs and they are intricate I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND that you buy this machine. It's good at cutting big round curves (it gets 2 stars for that) and .........forget about clean angles.		If you go with the machine I suggest you order two extra blades and a extra mat when you place the order for the Pazzles! You're going to need them after running through  the projects in their manual and trying different media to get an understanding of how the Pazzles works with the media you intend to use.		Sedonartist
1,The DMC in the title is very misleading. I am sorry that I purchased without carefully checking into it. Poor quality. Made in China and goes directly into the garbage bin.
1,will not work as stated in the Brother SE400
1,The mold works, as a mold should. I'm fine with the size, I purchased this for myself because I can't wear regular adult sized bangles. However, my castings came out with a crisscross pattern that was an obvious flaw in the design not user error. I'm very experienced with resin. Not worth spending the time sanding. I expect a few watermarks from any plastic mold but this is ridiculous. I'm not happy, bought another from a different company and was much happier.
1,These are such a gip. So expensive, but there aren't enough to really provide good coverage. The "small" grips are just the centers of the circle, big deal! I bought the non-slip sheet type backing to put on my templates; I would never waste my money on this again.
1,weak
1,Very small NOT what I was expecting
1,It arrived in a timely manor but I found it doesn't work up to expectations.
1,Didnt realize this was such a small roll. Really expensive, will have to use it wisely and then back to cotton.
1,Disappointed! This is not a real glass mirror. It is plastic. The picture it reflects is not crisp and clear. The surface is easily marred. NOT recommended.
1,Couldn't even open this paper and look at it because it smelled toxic.	My guess is the chemicals that are used to make the glow-in-the-dark effect.	I sent it right back.  Sorry.
1,Too many  identical charms.  48 out of 50 I hate!!!!
1,Thought it was a set of three like in picture, but only contains one. Picture misled me.	It was a gift I had sent to my mom, so did not realize till too late to return that only one came.	Nice scissors, but not worth the price I paid.
1,Definitely "economy" yarn!  Very rough and scratchy to touch. Great if you are crocheting patterns like baskets where you need the extra stiffness to hold a shape. Terrible for items you would wear.
1,are worthless for syicking stars on the ceiling
1,ordered the wrong kind of snaps
1,It is sold separately from fasteners for a reason. It's keeping distance from fasteners that are not heavy duty snap fasteners. Good as Christmas decoration, perhaps.
1,EVERY single one of these rings is worthless.  They are cut open, but the ends overlap tightly and when you open them, they do not close at the centers and still form a perfect circle.  WORTHLESS!  I'll pay more and get them cut here in the U.S. by an artisan who knows what quality is.  Heck, I may even buy the jump ring maker and cut my own...either way it will be better than these!  Save your money.
1,The dots don't come off the roll in dots. I've had to pull on them to get them off and it distorts the shape. They do not come off your finger easily either. Maybe it's because they are so thin? I've donated the box and will not be purchasing them again. I do not reccomend this product.
1,I got this for the Badger and Paasche adapters. The Badger fit great and sealed with no leaks, the Paasche adapter threads where cut rough and had a bad time threading on the airbrush plus it wouldn't seal well. I was able to get it to work by chasing the thread with a tap and using extra Teflon tape. I wouldn't buy again.
1,DO NOT waste your money on this POS. I was initially so pleased because the first time I used it, it wound 8 skeins of yarn perfectly. The next time I went to use it, however, it just would not function like it did before . . .the yarn went all over the place despite attempts to relocate the winder in relation to the swift, but no luck. I ended up throwing it in the recycling bin. Something happens to this thing after first use, but no idea what!!!!
1,box very beat up. needle broken. face plate missing screw.
1,I added these to my wish list based on recommendations from several friends and was super excited to get them, until I actually put my hand in them. I never even bothered to try them on fabric because I knew I would get an amazing amount of hand fatigue by the way they fit my hand. I am a tall woman, and I guess I have large hands, but it didn't occur to me to read the other reviews and I wish I had.
1,The picture, title and description of this product shown on the Amazon website is very misleading. A significant portion of the floss is very pale pastel. I was not at all happy with it and returned it for a refund.
1,This card stock is not very thick. Tears too easily. Same thickness as bond paper instead of card stock.
1,I bought this for my 9  year old as a Christmas gift, she loves art and would be so happy with her own easel and art supplies. I got it today and was so happy opened it up and it was not well made at all. One of the latches that hold the easel close was bent into the box so it would latch properly. Another one was compltely broken off. The drawer was unable to open or close unles you used great force. I didn't see this lasting very long. I am going to return it for a refund and try to find another easel kit for her.
1,Very cheap plastic material, like a coffee can lid.  So soft that it doesn't really close.  The plasticy surface repels water causing the paint to form large drops.
1,These are awful for colored pencils. They do not erase the color completely and smears the color as well. There is no "magic" in this product.
1,eh - that's the best I can say on this.
1,very deceving, I, as well, thought  that I am buing seiries of 7 brushes, but received just one brush that is grossly overpriced. you can get brush like this one at  Dick Blick store on line for a fraction of this price. very disappointed, very manipulative seller.  eva
1,Although the quality of this item appeared high, the chemical odor was unbearable, and we were forced to return it.
1,It was probably my fault because I misread size. These are way too small and so far they do not cut very well. I recommend potential buyers to read all reviews and note the size of the dies.
1,los pelos de este pincel se abrieron rapidamente y no mantuvieron la forma. Hace tiempo que pinto y cuido materiales y me soprendio ver lo malos que me resultaron los Kolinsky, por el precio.	They didn`t resist 2 uses, the tip lost its shape and the hairs were messy. I have been a painter all my life and I know how to take care of brushes, but for the price I would buy another brand. Won't buy this again.
1,Extremely small the circle is about the size of an 8ml bead. Very disappointed. They look like they would be nice if they were a proper size. Also took about a month to get here.
1,Quality is terrible.
1,The plastic tabs in the inside tore immediately. I expected elastic tabs inside to hold the crochet hooks. Cannot recommend.
1,Black glitter in goop. You can see the flecks in some paint but not others (can't see it in white, but fine in purple, etc).		That would make it mediocre, but what makes it bad is trying to get the glitter out of my brushes! After two hours in multiple cleaning methods they STILL have glitter in them!		The only way I've been able to get some of the glitter out is by flicking the brush hairs, but that ends up ruining the brushes!		The pictures are after trying to get them clean.
1,i don't like the texture of this one. not what i expected
1,Tried the Vest and it is just really weird.  Customers not liking it at all. Did not try the other styles yet.
1,Tiger in hiding has way too many small areas and numbers unreadable.  I gave up.
1,I have received products in the past that have worked for me despite the bad reviews, unfortunately this is not one of them. The spray nozzle got jammed and continued to spray the paint everywhere. When it did spray correctly it didn't even look like it was supposed to. I do understand that temperature effects paint, especially spray paints but due to the nozzle getting stuck on numerous batches I have concluded this is a terrible flaw in the product. Disappointing product, and I do not recommend this.
1,I've used several different types of fabric glue.  This glue is awful for basting fabric..it stains and it leaves the fabric rock hard.  It is difficult to control how much comes out (too much comes out and in a thick flow).
1,I have been buying glass domes from etsy to make glass dome pendants, but I thought I would try amazon for once. These domes are a lot thicker, and the bottoms are rounded so that the flat surface on the bottom of the glass has a smaller than 1" area. I can't use them with the pendant trays I have.
1,This would be a wonderful product if the markers didn't leak with every little use. It's so frustrating to be working on a design and then have paint pour out of the marker. I switched to the jars and brushes.
1,Not very good thread
1,Also didn't realize this was an upgrade for a previously upgraded software.  So, now having bought this (which I would have never bought or used), I have to pay out even more to buy the initial upgrade for this to work.  Be sure you know what you need and what you are buying.
1,Although I haven't painted on these yet right out of the packaging the canvas is not stretched properly it has sag even on this little 12 x 12, it also has frey on the corners where it attaches to the back corners, this is good for kids maybe to play but not good for anything else
1,After drying for 4 days everything I had glued with this product just fell apart. Unfortunately I had used it to secure some fairly expensive stones to ring bases and already gave them to my granddaughter, at least I didn't sell them. Don't buy this product - it is worthless.
1,Way to stiff.  I won't use these.
1,I had not beaded more than 10 pearls when the mechanism that is held inside the plastic handle came out and oil started dripping out!	Not only I had a brand new useless tool, but a few of my pearls were stained. There is no way of making it work properly now. I am returning it and looking for another brand. Suggestions are welcome!
1,Some paint too wet and some chunky. Colors are too dark so when applied the don't stand out.	I had to lighten several. Paint color off. Cheap paper surface can't even wipe paint spill it pills and rips.
1,Really bad quality - splintery and not well finished.  One of the sets of needles was missing and I couldn't be bothered to even go back to them to get it.  Shipping is super duper slow (2-3 weeks).  Get these if you just want some cheap needles in different sizes.  Not to be used on anything you don't want to snag.
1,No information is provided with this product. The box just has the name all over it. No instructions for installation..I had to figure it out. I get all machines are different but they can at least give general guidance. I also had no idea how to use it! Another thing they should provide.	I suppose it works fine but I wouldn't really know since they don't let me know how to use it
1,Not very good at mixing paints for acrylic pouring art projects. Takes way longer and you have to stir anyway so you might as well just do it by hand.
1,Super flimsy and thin plastic.
1,Glue dots do not stick. Save your money. You're better off picking your nose and using that--that's how ineffective these little buggers are.
1,Too short for me. Only 5" long
1,THe feathers are goreous but they stunk up my art room. They SMELL REALLY BAD!
1,Totally disappointed. Used this  product one time to gloss a polymer clay bracelet . Put it on the shelf for a couple of weeks and when I went to use it again it changed consistency. Was a big blob of geletin like glue. Totally unusable. Will not buy again!
1,This product is cheaply made and the blades are terrible.
1,Too thin to be used for quilting.  Now I have 10 yards of fabric that I can't use. I am sure it is good quality if I were making blouses, but I am not.
1,this nothing more than a very hard piece of corkboard with some cheap plastic that it says not to remove, and some flimsy t-pins that barely pierce the board, so glad this was cheap as an add on, I'm getting the other board with the notches, oh and beware of the beadalon tying station as well, mine fell apart after a couple of uses!
1,Although I haven't actually tried using this on thick fabrics, I feel they might not hold well because unlike my other smaller wonder clips, this opens with the slightest pressure.  It doesn't feel like it has a strong grip.  Will update.		Update April 2,2017	This definitely doesn't grip well. It comes off easily and I now just use it to clip my pattern printouts:( and looking for a better alternative.  Not recommended.
1,Seriously hate this product. I have tried using this countless times and each time I regretted the decision.		Problems:	- The grippy teeth do not work well. I have used this on regular elastic, pajama elastic, ribbon (cotton twill and satin) - and for each item the teeth tore up the ends of the trim. In some cases it tore so badly the bodkin came right off as there was nothing left to grip.	- It will not keep a hold on your trim because the ring that slides down to secure the teeth closed is pulled up again as you try to push the bodkin through your casing. Maybe if it was twice as long the ring wouldn't be pulled back, but since it's short it's difficult to avoid pulling back the ring (therefore letting your trim loose in the casing).	- It is too short and too slippery. I have small hands but it is very difficult to maneuver this small item. The slip factor means you push it through the fabric only to have it slide right back.		I would not recommend this product to anyone.
1,Really doesn't work that well.	Thread just gets tangled. Bobbins are wound really badly and not useable .
1,Too small for anything I need in jewlery making...
1,This was tiny and didn't work. I expected a lot more out of a $8 pen/marker. Ridiculous.
1,Only one sheet per pack instead of the 24 per pack as stated. The quality is nice, but it is definitely not worth the high price charged.
1,cheap product. i mean it worked ok for thin paper.. but nothing else.. could be better.
1,This product may be great depending on your intended use. However, I was using it for a scrapbook and a variety of random art projects (e.g., popup cards). Based on my use, I have the following criticisms of the product:		(1) PLASTIC ADHESIVE TAPE: This product is best described as tape, not lace. It may be described as paper thin, plastic adhesive. As such, it does not look at all like lace.		(2) THIN, SEE-THROUGH: The product is very thin, which causes it to be partially see-through when applied to paper of contrasting color. It also looks rather cheap because it is so thin.		(3) IMPERFECT PATTERN: The "lace" that is depicted has holes that give it a lace-like pattern. However, the tape did not have all the holes pre-detached. When I peeled it from its backing the holes still did not detach. Therefore, the pattern in the tape looked fairly bad.
1,The reason I only gave two stars is not because I don't like your gloves but they are too tight. they do the job they are supposed to do. I don't have big hands a large is usually fine but these were tight and they naturally get dirty when you're holding something and you're cutting it with a potato parer. I hand washed the gloves in cold waterwith a little mild detergent and then I stretch them out on a towel and put another towel over it and patted it semi dry. I'm not sure if I made a mistake stretching it a little bit but I had the worst timethe glove back on my hand. I couldn't even put my fingers all the way in it and they are very thin.	If your hands are not very large and you're pretty comfortable wearing a man's large then by all means buy the large/extra large.
1,This stuff is horrible for trying to stuff cloth dolls/animals. Do not recommend!
1,These pens are very light if you want them for mixed media.  I don't think they show up very well.  I bought it for the white.
1,I have to restick it every time I pick it up.
1,Maybe I read this wrong but I only got 76 buttons I thought I was getting 849
1,What a mess
1,Not really good quality. Will not buy again.
1,Crap.  Don't waste your time.  Spend the extra money for X-acto brand.  I couldn't even use these with X-acto brand blades.
1,Considering returning it. The instructions say that the hook should lock into position to feed the yarn however there is no way it locks. The hook flip flops all around causes the yard to start winding below where it should be. It is difficult to find a table with the right thickness to attach to and if the table has a lip of any kind the vice grip won't work. I can get a small amount of yarn wound on the holder before it starts to go wrong. Seems faster to wind by hand than to stop and fix the machine every time it messes up.
1,Lame.  Made in China.
1,Becomes a tangeled mess. Does work.
1,don't waste your money. it doesn't work
1,Too stiff
1,I have had this item for almost two months.  It is suddenly un-treading itself via the needle every time I use it.  I have checked the tension in bobbin and ensured it is properly set at the top.  What use is a sewing machine that does not sew.  When this happened it was to late to return it.  I will take it to a Singer dealer to see if it can be repaired.  I bought it for portable use and cannot use.  Very dissatisfied.
1,they don't have enough liquid to stand out and dried out fast.
1,Over priced for product
1,Well, they def. do not look anything like velvet.  Some did not have center dots, others the dots were glued off center - even out on the petals, and some of the glue was so heavy that it looked awful and I had to toss them.  Only about 1/3rd of my pack was really usable.  Won't order it again.
1,VERY flimsy.  And HUGE ... much larger than you might expect.
1,The pictures for this product aren't great so I wasn't quite sure what I would be getting. If you have glitter specific needs like me here is a detailed description.		This glitter comes in two sizes. One is the very very superfine kind that is tiny iridescent pieces in what is essentially colored dust. Due to the iridescent quality there will always be purple/green tones in the different colors. (Strangely, the red dark red fine grained one doesn't seem to be iridescent but rather more metallic like I wanted.)		The dark green in this size is particularly bad because it has flecks that are almost white in it that make it look dirty and not green (I have seen this in another brand though- not a brand specific complaint).		The larger size complements the colors of the smaller grained size. The larger size is totally iridescent and semi-transparent. It has a very prominent green/purple reflective nature. Also, it is the size of regular glitter which is a fairly chunky grain. If you bought a big cheap jar of gold glitter at Wal-Mart this is the grain size it would be.		I think the colors are ok but I never would have bought this if I had known for sure it was iridescent. It just doesn't work and the two sizes are either too big or too small for my use. I will say that of the two I like the small grain better because it gives things a kind of frosted look. The larger is basically useless for me.		Also, the packaging is very cheap. I ordered two of these (two different color packs) and one hadn't been taped on the top so some of the shakers fell out in transit and cracked, though luckily it didn't seem like any product was lost.		This points to a quality problem backed up also by the fact that the shakers were not filled uniformly.		Overall I feel like the packaging, quality control, and style of this glitter tells me that it is very cheaply made and even if some of the colors are nice and *could* be used for something, it just isn't worth the price.
1,Maybe I'm just a perfectionist, but the corners just aren't that great. It's probably fine for scrapbooking, but I was looking to add a little flair to my business cards where perfection counts in my mind. The corner is pretty perfect except where it meets the edge of the sides. It meets the edge still at an angle so it's not a perfectly round corner. I tried moving the card slightly differently, but it never made a difference. To me, the problem seems to be the die.		I gave it two stars still because it seems usable for some purposes still--I just won't use it.
1,This was the second one of these I purchased. I will never purchase again. The middle thread holder to fish into the needle broke right off. Came out of the holder. This is junk to me. If you have had great luck, awesome. I would rather not waste my money on this item again.
1,50 eyes, not 60.  Package arrived late.
