0,Like this product, good price.
0,Looks better than OEM..
0,Great set of test leads and clips for the money.
0,very pleased
0,good fit.  I'll update this review more after I drop my keys a few more times
0,Works and looks great
0,very heavy well worth the money...easy install and would recommend it to any one. can not use your lic. bracket with it..
0,works well to remove fine particles from paint
0,Have had for over a month. Surprised at how well they are working.  Well worth the money
0,Perfect.
0,Thank goodness I bought these I originally bought them for something else but apparently the garage that worked on my truck I bought broke all the tabs that hold the Shroud in use them for this to. Only giving it a 4 because they're hard to use.
0,Love it
0,works nice.  I have used it a few times.  I cannot really comment on how long it lasts before next treatment.  obviously, depends on how many hours you use wipers and how fast you are traveling and how many rainy days.  it has lasted 2 months in the Fall in Washington, DC
0,Good product at a good price.  It fits as advertised on our Jeep Liberty
0,Simple solution to keep the engine warm.
0,Deliver as stated, easy to install, works well, no issues.
0,way cool
0,love this inverter!
0,worked great
0,Swear by this product
0,Work great. Gives car cleaner look an burn way cooler. These fit in the vanity lights in the Charger but are too bright. I get kick outta how it blinds the girls when they do makeup or check themselves out. If you want to do the door lights and trunk lights you need the LEDs with the Hoop prongs on the ends.
0,good product
0,great
0,I arrived Widget was receiving a very good		 Thank you
0,worked great
0,I love this one, anyone that has serve the U.S.ARMY, and is a veteran.  This is the one to buy, large to show your a proud ARMY VETERAN!
0,Bought this from Amazon as the local stores didn't have it. This glass cleaner actually works. Windex et al will annoy you after you have used this, with their smears and streaks.
0,Performed as expected
0,wow "FAST" shipping great job keep it up will buy again...
0,We needed header bolts to solve three common issues: Aluminum heads, thick flanges & gaskets, and big tubes interfering with wrench access.  The 5/16 heads are a substantial improvement to the wrench clearance issue.  Wiha Tool sells a 5/16 x 1/4 box-end that, with one added bend in the handle, will hit all 16 bolts.  The added length of the bolt puts enough threads into the aluminum to avert pulled threads, even with thick gaskets and 5/16" flanges.  The only remaining issue is that the added length means it's sometimes tricky to get the bolt into the hole without the head hitting the tube on the way.  We solved that by carefully grinding down the threads up high on the bolts to let them lean out further as they go in - seems like they could be engineered and made that way.  Still, compared to any other header bolt we've ever used, these are the best.
0,This works great with HB's Chicago Electric Power Tools Heavy Duty Dual Action Variable Speed Polisher. For 2 of my cars I have washed, clay barred and then used the white pad and the blue pad. 1 car with cleaner wax and the other car with Klasse All in one and the Klasse Sealant Glaze (I probably used the wrong pads for sealant). The results were as I expected, brilliant. Using the including cleaning solution, I used the polisher to spin the dirty pad on a grit guard. And the pads were clean and ready to go again in less than a minute. No signs of the foam breaking down, or ripping. While its a bit pricey, if you know what you're doing you will find it worthwhile. Be sure to read up on technique and best practices, before using. Or watch YouTube instruction videos.
0,works great
0,This was the perfect thing I needed to help park my new big truck in my garage.
0,looks good on the Jeep
0,OE and uses the proper washer and O-ring.
0,Perfect.  Oem quality.
0,Cheap quality, serves purpose.  Definitely worth the money.
0,Awesome Battery close to OME.
0,Have used these for every vehicle I have had in the past.  Always a perfect fit and this is no exception.  I think this design is one of the best sun shades out there and always work well.
0,Love them! I had them for a month. So far so good
0,Great stuff!  It works great on all surfaces without risk of damage.  Often used around the house too.  Wonder why it always costs less to ship it on Amazon?  Sometimes the prices are better here too!  Double check here before you buy at the "Garage".
0,Does the job.
0,Great products. Worked great for my hawk bike.
0,MY ANTENNA LOVES IT
0,This works much better than the GM suppliedl lug wrench
0,Worked quite well in it's first use helping my sister move.  Folds up and down very easily.	Suggestion:  A little tough to line up the carrier's hitch pin holes with the hitch.  The first time you mount it to the hitch, use a silver sharpie to mark around the tube of the cargo carrier where it meets the hitch and draw an arrow point to the hitch so you can line up the hitch pin holes more easily next time.
0,This is a great replacement part. Fit perfectly, and came with all new bushing, joints, etc.	Works great and the best price on the internet.
0,Works Great!!!
0,Pictured item shows a black portion on the bottom side. The one I received does not have it. Not sure why. Worked fine though.
0,This tool seems to be made a little cheaply, but has stood up to light to moderate use exactly as intended.
0,AC / DC silent fan expression...!!!
0,This works like a charm...have used for 1 year on 61 TBird and has performed without a hitch.  Easy to install, did not have to change the tuning one bit, and has been working perfectly ever since.  I also purchased their coil as well.  Have Bosch plug wires with MSD CAP and Rotor...and regular copper plugs.
0,SO SO SO SO much better than the new-style marker type.	Keep in mind, this is a pen-tip style so you can only draw thin lines.		Still better than that terrible marker type.
0,This worked perfectly for hauling four 5-gallon gas cans to fill up the boat.  I have a small hitch receptacle on my vehicle (1-1/4") and this can work in both standard size hitches.  Very good deal (quality and price)!
0,Good Quality, works great!
0,I bought two of these so that we wouldn't have to guess parking our cars in the garage. They are fun to bump up against and watch the LEDs of off.
0,works great held up to bottom out 1000 with 36" tires
0,I"ve been pulling a wrench for over 40 years on motorcycles, cars, boats & whatever pay's the bills. I know what it takes to make a quality part like this & DK Custom seems to have a top notch handle on specialty items. A little bit pricy but hey ... what's YOUR time worth ?		Very satisfied
0,Good stand! Had an issue with the front part but that was my own fault.	Shipping was quick, no instructions but YouTube is a great tool
0,Very pleased with these floor mats.  They arrived on time and they were packaged well.  They fit very well and look great.  They will be especially good when winter weather hits.
0,As described, well priced and nice to keep unfaded
0,This is a valuable addition for any Mazda fan. Well made and easy to install and looks great in a Miata with the top down. I would recommend to a friend.
0,great light
0,nice fan.....
0,Not a whole lot to say about this thing,  It works.  It's better than having a prop rod in your way.  If you have ever knocked a prop rod away and the hood slams on you because auto manufacturers decided to put these stupid weak shocks there instead of a built in prop rod, these are priceless.
0,Excellent for older cars!!! if you have 5 years or older car/ van/ truck this Lucas 75w-140 is the best for you!!! it's thicker than the 75w-90. Older cars needed thicker oil because the older they get gears have wear and tear.		--Always check how much oil capacity you need. most cars need 1.5 Litters most 2.5 Litters..so check!!!	--Always remove the fill nut first then the drain nut.	--All differential in Auto have torque specs...so search what torque you need for your car when you plug the nut back in.	--try not to spill too much in the floor...it smells weird and bad! HAHA
0,I'm a Benz tech and these are the exact wire sets the dealer carries and sells with a large mark up.		You won't be disappointed and anything other than these wires on a Benz will give you problems.
0,Purchased this one and a smaller version for my son to keep in his car. The are both small and feel well made. I found it easy to charge. I used a fast charger that I already had for my phone. Took a little while but could not have been easier. The bag that it comes with is a good way to keep the few extra dodads like the charge cable.		I got chance to use my GB150 yesterday. I have an old John Deere (Diesel) that is hard to start on the warmest of days. This was a some what cold day 35 deg at the time I did this. I did the norm, I tried to start the old girl with out the Boost and it turned over reluctantly a few times but it became clear it was not going to have enough juice in the on board battery to get the job done.		I grabbed my Boost GB150 and hooked it up. Turned it on.. Note that I charged this over a month prior and it has been sitting in my truck under the back seat until now. I had read another review where someone had said that if they get cold, the loose there charge. Well its been cold.. In the 20s at times and well below freezing for weeks now.  When I turned this on, I was expecting it to report that it was either dead or at least not at 100%.		To my delight it stated fully charged. Blinked as it should when starting up and then I turned the key to heat the plugs a little more. Then after about 10s I tried to start it up. It turned over like a champ.. Honestly I think it turned over better than I have heard it in a long time. I normally have to let the starter spin for a good 20s to get things running. This was not an issue.		It is big when compared to the other versions but it is not big when you compare it to breaking out the 200 AMP Starter charger.. In my case that would require running a line out to the back of the property. It weighs maybe 8 lbs I would say. Far more continent to use than any alternative I can think of.		When I was done, I shut it off and disconnected it. A little later when I was putting it back in the truck, I turned it on again to see if the charge had diminished to a point where I would want to charge it. It was still claiming 100% so I don't think the start took too much out of it.		Over all I am very pleased with the performance of the GB150. It is compact enough to keep one in the truck and not worry about it taking up space. I will be getting another smaller one for my commuter car now that I know they are the real deal. I also think it is so easy to use, I would not have much trepidation if my wife or daughter were to need to use one to jump their cars. Thinking about it now, for my daughter, this is a must. Never again would she have to ask for someone to help her jump her car if she had one of these in the trunk.		I look forward to using this many times over the years ahead.		Update(2018/01/04)	Well I recently moved to a much colder climate and found that many of my battery started toys like my ATV or lawn tractor and even 2 of my cars had batteries that were just not up to the task of the much colder nights here. Where I was able to use thei GB150 several times to get me going again.. I did find that if the battery in a car is really done, this is not going to do the trick. I had 2 instances where this was the case. Once while driving on the NY Turnpike and at a rest stop. I was asked to help a fellow motorist jump there car. I was sorta excited since I had the GB150 on me and I had charged it just before the trip. I also had a trailer on my Truck this trip so I was not really able to pull up easy to do a standard jump.  Well the battery on this fellows car was really bad. When I hooked the GB150 up it said 9.15V. then started to clime to 11.4 and sat there. we gave it a couple of tries and one of the times we waited easy 5 min before trying the start. It was a no go with the GB150. We then pushed his car to a place where I could pull up with my truck and trailer without blocking traffic and did a normal jumper cable jump. That worked all most instantly with me revving the truck a bit.		I still think it is worth the money and is a quality product. Just don't leave your jumper cables at home.
0,Exactly what I needed and less expensive than local.
0,The kit arrived quickly as pictured.  I am keeping it in my toolbox along with my portable air compressor.
0,Best battery for the money, hands down!!	2003 Honda Shadow VLX 600
0,I've used this on my 2017 drz400s and my 2018 klr650 and it works great. It's nice to be able to relax that throttle hand, even if for a minute. Very well made also. Close to a quarter inch thick and made from aluminum. I'm well satisfied.
0,fixed a broken motor, took about 15 minutes to fix my steps. Worked great.
0,Was very well constructed
0,A very good filter replacement at a reasonable price; good quality and it is a perfect fit!
0,Works for Mazda MX-5.
0,This towel is great!  usually dries on the first pass until it is well saturated.  I bought several and 3 towels are enough to dry my entire 3/4 ton truck without having to wring them out.  the texture is very soft and clear coat friendly.  Would highly recommend!
0,my car doesn't have any spare or runflats.  I bought these to refill the starter kit I bought and ended up using.  Saved me a tow!
0,This is a GREAT product! I had to buy another one as I sold my last truck with this on it and the guy who bought it LOVES it!
0,It was smaller than I expected, but otherwise quality merchandise.  I was pleased with how fast it was shipped to me.
0,Great Oil
0,exactly what is show in the picture !  WOW !  an honest vendo !r !	even with a pre filter  that I did not notice ....[ maintains the warrantee ] and a 1 year warrantee  ...		they now have a returning customer.  this proves that if you sell a good product and stand behind it	for a fair price , you will succeed
0,Please
0,Very sturdy, works as you would expect.
0,Trying to find one of these at your local store in SC is hard, but go to AMAZON and here it is.  I have located the filter online for 4.67 but with shipping it was only 1.00 more here, so I bought it here.  If your going to buy in bulk search the net for cheaper price, if only one then buy it here......
0,OK
0,I feel this unit was almost identical to the orginal equipment found in the vehicle. The mounting and operation mirror that of the original unit with the same bolts used to mount it.
0,It's a little flimsy but is does work
0,Nice and bright for my camper.
0,Great switch. Used as power switch to turn on my winch.
0,This is a factory ScanGauge Cable. I bought it to more easily transfer my ScanGauge from different vehicles so I wouldn't have to take down my already routed cable in my primary vehicle. Great value. Cheapest price I could find online unless you want to make your own cable.
0,Perfect replacement part for the lawn mower, no problems , have not had any more problem since replacing the coil.
0,Great item, would buy again!
0,I brought this clock for my boat.  It looks great and is mounted on my dashboard.  It is easy to read and keeps accurate time. I would highly recommend it for boat owners.
0,Worked Great changing tractor tire after figuring out how to use it correctly.
0,Great part for Tacoma, excellent fit and easy replace
0,Feels like a new car all over again.  Side-by-side, the original rotors don't stack up.  Hopefully these last 100K+ miles.
0,Seems like the real deal. It is indeed quite heavy, and has a lot of black carbon.  Fit was as expected.
0,Its a lug wrench and it works
0,WORKS GREAT
0,Got what I was looking for. Great product.
0,great oil, reduces my engine oil temp by 20 degrees
0,Perfect fit.
0,This was a well timed AMAZON 'special' because I always renew my windshield wiper blades as winter approaches, and the Rain-X products have works well on my cars. I purchased two 20in and two 24in blades to fit our vehicles, and am well prepared for whatever Winter brings. The price was good, and I like the convenience of NOT having to make a special trip to shop for them,
0,Worked in 96 Impala SS (5.7L LT1) - two required		Felt very high quality, nice and firm mounts compared to (non-broken) OEM rubber.
0,Like it so far. Shipped fast. Appears well made.
0,More cable then probe 3 has great reading creen
0,Bought these filters as a filler for my order to get it close to my needed $35 tier for free shipping.  Price is comparable to other local big box stores that I could buy these genuine Motorcraft filters from, and fits as expected to my Ford 3.0L Vulcan and my Ford 3.4L SHO engines.
0,This little pump is really awesome. Not only is it quieter than average pumps you could purchase from an auto parts store, but it inflates tires at an incredible speed.
0,I used this stuff to seal a carburetor gasket to my manifold.	no leaks now	it's cheap and works great.
0,The hitch rattling noise used to be expected,  before the Hitch Clamp was bolted on. The clamp is used on a 5x8 trailer and a utility/deer carrier. The brute that was harvested in PA buck season 2014, was sure to make the hitch rattle, but not a sound!
0,Nice brush, does the job.
0,perfect
0,Hard to make a long term assessment as I just put one on today. With my 13 year old topper it only required one new combined with one old to do the job. I'll save the other to use when needed.
0,Hard to instal but it keeps accidental switch activations from happening. Feel it will definitely protect the fob from normal drops.  Bright blue "rubber" doesn't attract grit like it was reported with the black version. Very precise fit, highly recommended.
0,Strong product
0,Fit perfect on my escalade
0,Installed in pontiac vibe 2003, auto dimming is great for long over night trips, also have installed temperature gauge outside lose to where factory temp sensor is, and they are very close withing degree
0,very bright
0,I have used this product to troubleshoot an SRS code on a 2000 Accord as well as an ABS code on a 2004 F150 and a regular OBDII code on a Tundra (not sure of the year, not my vehicle). This meter has saved me a ton on repair bills. It has a great interface and is well worth the extra cash over the non-SRS/ABS models. I highly recommend!
0,Made well.  Good buy
0,Exactly what I was expecting, enough "play"  a strong joint.	Recommended
0,Just like doctor ordered. Perfect fit. Love my Jeep even more now.
0,Easy to install.  Nice and bright.  Good for distance.
0,I have a 2010 Nissan Titan and sometimes I have a hard time turning the oil filter. Half the time I forget which way I need to turn it to remove it so I mark the direction with a silver sharpie for "lefty loosey". This oil filter is a much better tool than my rubber band method. I can now easily tighten(lightly) and remove my oil filter now. Yay!
0,This is eye candy, very nice.
0,I love it.
0,the best.
0,I have these installed on the back of the cab of my polaris as work lights, and they are amazing.  They have such great coverage of light, and do great.
0,Good cleaning pads for polishing. The sponge in it is thick which is great to give it some grip and heft, however it tends to keep absorbing the wax/sealant you lay down, so you will need to keep spraying your vehicle. In hindsight, may be better to polish using thinner polish mitts that just go over the fingers that are much flatter and less absorbent since you only need the microfibre surface for polishing. This maybe better for washing where you need the sponge to hold water/soap.
0,So, your looking for a set of lights for your ATV or tractor?  These are by far the best I have found.  They will light up the night and the trail in front or behind you if you should need one as a back up light.  I installed these on a 2013 Kawasaki Brute Force ATV.  The instructions were simple and to the point.  The lights have leads that have disconnect couplers. Should you need to replace a light or have to work on the bike or ATV or whatever you happen to put them on. A definite plus!	  The lights are extremely bright and white.  Not dull and yellow.  They truly light the area where you need it, especially if you are plowing and really need to see what you are doing and don't want to miss a thing!  When I hit the switch, the battery wasn't affected at all by the lights at all.  So no massive drain on your ATV battery if that's a concern.  I also purchased the switch kit from them and it was a real easy install.  The switch kit has all the right wiring and the instructions with pictures to show how it all goes together so no mistakes.	  I had the problem with the hole not lining up and made a quick phone call to the company and got the owner.  WOW!  He was fantastic.  I said the bolt heads are too big for the install kit.  He said yes they are and I will send out a new set of bolts to you imediately. He told me it was a mistake, but some packages had already been shipped with the wrong bolts.  No big deal.  I just ground the head down.  Or you can get a small 3/8x1 inch bolt with a flat head.  .29 at the local hardware.  Sure didn't stop me from installing a great set of lights!!!	  I absolutely Love these lights and they are half the price of the big boys and they are absolutely by far 100% better by my standards.		  Update...... The company sent out a new set of brackets for the lights.  It wasn't the bolts that were wrong but the bracket that was wrong.  My mistake.  But anyways....  They made it right and I love the lights.  So much so, I bought a set of the lights for my Kubota and now have them mouted on the ROP for front and rear lights.  They really light up the night too.  Thanks Again to TUFFLED LIGHTS!!!!!!!!!
0,fit great I'm back up and running
0,So far, so good, so what  ..... i will let u know in a couple of years
0,Not as stout built as my original one that was in my 1990 toyota celica GT with the 5sfe  but after 26 years the original Had failed in the open position.  This one is still built better then parts store ones and does the job just fine  and is a quality part
0,Good
0,I have used these many times but never bought them for my current truck.  The product is great and works very well, this is a high quality wiper at a decent price.  The days of a $2.99 wiper are long gone, this one I would consider to be a mid to high end wiper blade.		It should be noted I have used these for years but they DO NOT fit a 2014 GMC Sierra as indicated in Amazon's fit guide.  So do your homework!  There appears to be a 'Lattitude Repellency' that may fit the newer GM trucks.
0,They all work great and the price is good too.
0,ok product
0,Great stuff,run it in all my 2 stroke toys for the last 15 years,  better price if can buy in bulk, A friend of mine is splitting it with me, so good deal.
0,I have been using this to get rid of the brake dust and etc. off my wheels and it works great. I'm kind of scared to use them now because I plasti dipped my wheels and the metal parts might remove it but it worked fine before.
0,Made the job a lot easier
0,It's a vinyl wheel cover. Doesn't do much more, doesn't do much less. Pretty much is what you would expect it to be
0,Works as advertised. Quiet little compressor. Wish it came with a case though.
0,they fit well and look great - but here in the hot Arizona sun - they don't breath as well as my factory cloth seats - so the covers themselves are not hot - but one gets hot & sweaty because they don't breath well - but I am keeping them though because I like them & they look good & really don't want the cheap cheesy aftermarket cloth - & way too expensive to get recovered at upholstery shop & Chrysler can't get them any more - & if they could - almost $3,900 for front and rear "covers" only - heck - one can buy whole new aftermarket seats for a quarter of that....
0,great price, quick delivery - looked every where for this item to provide the option of connecting my 2 standard length hoses, in the event that I needed to, instead of having to purchase yet another, longer, waste hose - highly recommended
0,Didn't install them until a year later, boy do I wish I would have put on right away. They work GREAT.	Heat up great, have been using on middle setting. High setting is very warm. Live in SE Minnesota	and this come in very handy. Were easy to install. No problems with wanting to spin on handle bar.
0,Better than using one of those kitchen style steps, because it will not slide out from under you when you are making a long reach. I would recommend picking up a pack of rubber bumpers (http://www.amazon.com/Waxman-4215495N-2-Inch-Bumper-Square/dp/B001WAK6E2/ref=pd_sim_indust_3 ) to prevent this from scratching your wheels.
0,Fast shipping....item was exactly as discribed...kit had everything to install on my car, even the drill bit.....car looks super cool at night......
0,Got this for my 08 Chevy HHR.  Did the job and works. Can't tell much of a difference, but from 3rd to 4th feels better.
0,I ordered this because I have a 1993 Ford Probe 2.0 FSDE engine and all the intakes for this car have the wrong size pcv hose inlet. It has sooo many more parts than the pic shows it's awesome. It came with the bit to cut the right size hole on my intake so I bought this and a new intake J pipe piece that had no inlets on it for a pcv or the iat sensor. Cut the holes in the right spots and inserted the grommets to fit my sensor and pcv hose boom! Works perfect. No leaks or any problems at all. Comes with enough pieces to do a few cars if they're different sizes and if they ain't, the least you'd have to do is get some rubber grommets and/or some plastic inlet pieces for the pcv hose but if you're a car guy you already know this.
0,Fits perfect on my little trailer. No wasps getting in there. Much cheaper than getting it cleaned out later. Hardly use furnace anyway so a good preventative measure.
0,Great price
0,Great looking mat!
0,These are much better than the stock bulbs. Night driving is no longer scary.
0,The lights are bright and high quality for the price. I put them on my utility atv without too much trouble. It would have been easier had the lights came with any instructions at all or the wires to run to the battery. Nothing a quick trip to a hardware store couldn't fix but for someone who has no idea what they are doing the lack of instructions would be annoying. I've bought other sets that came complete with all the wires and fuses needed and instructions but the quality of those lights weren't as nice as this set.
0,My Suzuki Savage loves this like it was the stock one that came on the bike. For $12.99 how could you not pick this one up?
0,nice inexpensive tire guage,wanted this style for sometime now as the old eyes every year seem not to be able to read close
0,Great stuff, nice to work with. always seal roof vents.
0,I have been hell 550 /2  clear lens @ 2 Amber lens in front on a light bar for my 2012 GMC sierra .the last 30 years owning 4 trucks of all had the hella 550 @ 500 light set driving @ fog light that are the best during 100w h3 light.  IHELLA 550
0,It's all I ever use in my bike. There are different opinions about using synthetic oil with wet clutches but I have never had a problem.
0,Works great!
0,These seem to look good but I haven't tried them yet. The fuses appear to be made well and the case works great.
0,Fits nicely beneath rear center seat. I purchased 10' cables to make the distance, and inverter seems to work fine. I'm happy with the location of the power and the remote (see pictures). Going through the firewall to the wheel well was clean and easy. The remote was even easier - just made a scratch with a nail and then used a Dremel rotary tool to cut out a square to insert remote and then drilled into the lower side of the center console to run remote cable from inverter to mounted control. All seems to have worked out.		Update (1/31/16):	I'm still at five stars, but wanted to add a little relative to sizing advice. I just upgraded from the 1500 to the 2000 because I wanted to use my circular saw. The 1500 actually did run the saw, but the inverter would flip off every few minutes. The box that both inverters come in clearly illustrates what can be handled by the 1500 and what can be handled by the 2000, and clearly shows the circular saw is only within the 2000's range. I actually think the table on the box should be included in this product description. I needed a second inverter for my RV anyway, so I switched to the 2000 in the Jeep Wrangler (still fits fine) and intend to put the 1500 in the RV,
0,Great product. Good quality. It filters well. I change my oil on my ml350 frequently.
0,great instructions, easy install, already saved my a$$.
0,Great fit and adjustability!
0,Broke my first had to get a next came right in time just as good as original
0,works as advertised.
0,Five Stars: Happy with this crate/carrier. A little bigger than expected but that is fine. Just not sure what the straps are for that come with it.	I will look at their storefront for a video on how the straps work.
0,very good
0,Made my Dodge Ram sharper
0,great lube for a firearm
0,Good pricing. Fast delivery. Excellent condition. Works well.
0,They were perfect fit,Ty will order again
0,This kit worked good at repairing the plastic fuel tank on my off-road motorcycle.  Follow the directions carefully and I imagine it would work on just about any tank.  Here is some important information from my own personal experience with this product:	1. There is a VERY SHORT period between the time when you begin mixing the 2 epoxy parts to the time when the epoxy begins to set and is no longer workable.  I am not kidding!  One moment it was liquid and gooey, the next moment it was firm and I could no longer spread it across the fiberglass patch.  So be prepared to work VERY quickly.  Have the patch cut to fit and ready to go, and certainly don't waste any time fiddling with anything else besides applying the epoxy and the patch.	2. Toward the end of the very short workable period, the epoxy got very hot, nearly too hot to handle.  I am not a pansy either, the chemical reaction produces a lot of heat.  Be aware of this.	3. The epoxy is extremely messy.  If possible, place the surface to be repaired in a HORIZONTAL position so the epoxy does not run all over the place as it did on the side of my dirt bike gas tank.  If it's not possible or convenient to do this, be prepared to have a mess on your hands... literally.  Put down some cardboard so your garage floor doesn't get epoxy stains.  Also I recommend wearing rubber gloves (nitrile).	Hope this helps you!
0,good
0,I put these in my 2005 Lesabre to cure a miss fire issue. They work better than any plugs I've had in there in the past. The in town mileage went from 14.7 to 17.8 with just these plugs and a new set of bosch wires. Great product!!!
0,great deal, fast shipping
0,As advertised.
0,Made my old Silverado wipers behave like they should. Contrary to what others have said in the Q&A, these do control the washer fluid. At least on mine they did. When my wipers started to misbehave the washers quit working too. This board has corrected that.
0,These are great.... Got the shorts... Easy install if you can read and pay attention. Take off wheels on the back for a 5 minute install, and crank wheels on the front for about a 10 minute install
0,All the lights needed and looks/works great, except the reverse lights. On the Ram 2500 2014, the reverse lights are installed from the bottom and the light provided is magnified and shines directly up instead of out.
0,Works fine
0,Goes on easy and looks to be unbreakable.  Of course no one has tried yet but just looking at it might be a strong deterrent.
0,Great for any size car.
0,Worked great.  Easy install.
0,Had old rusty ujoint out in minutes using impact. Safe, easy to use, with no grease starting on fire. Used on 05 dodge 2500 driveshaft.
0,i use this on my cars every 5000 miles.  cheap and peace of mind to keep my cars running good on the raod
0,Love the built in relay, have had it in my truck for about 6 months now. only complaint is the back light is too bright for my taste, but I have it mounted low out of my line of sight so it isn't an issue.
0,Same as OEM.
0,Looks great  very high quality! !  Gold ones came from China but arrived in one week . That's fast shipping!
0,the other reviews are correct. I had to remove the O ring and wrap some string, coated with form a gasket, around the O ring groove then replace the O ring to get it to quit leaking. Works great and it fits wonderful.
0,Works fine for me with Torque Pro.
0,Good easy to use product.
0,When you purchase this kit, you get two barbed couplings and only two worm clamps.		You're going to need two more worm clamps if you plan to use both barbed couplings.		Say you want to relocate your transmission oil cooler...you'll have to extend the "incoming" AND the "outgoing" fluid lines.  With only two worm clamps in this kit, you can securely extend only ONE of the two lines (with an additional supply of 3/8" inside diameter, oil rated hose, of course).		With the exception of being short two worm clamps, this kit is exactly what I need to relocate my oil cooler to a more ventilated area (away from my train horns).		I'll try to post pictures in the future, after making the final adjustments to relocate my oil cooler AND train horns.
0,A++
0,No issues with either item.
0,worked well for making my fursuit head lol
0,great fit and works great
0,Very good quality,  and this thing is BIG.  Made our drive much more comfortable. It does cost a couple of MPGs.... easily tied down,  but a step stool would have been nice.  Mine fit very well between the rails of our new Pathfinder.
0,Pads worked well for me.
0,I'm replacing the incandescent bulbs in my car with LEDs in places where leaving the door open (or the Hatch) might allow the lights to run the battery down.  These fit right in, once I bent the wires just a little to ensure a tight fit.  All the SMDs illuminate.  They are the same brightness as the bulbs they replaced, but If I leave my hatch open for a long time, I have much less likelihood of running my battery down.
0,Leather Cleaner: Does its job. I like that it can be diluted 6:1. The product doesn't say so but one of the C.G. YouTube videos states that you can. However, when diluted 5:1, I didn't feel like it was effective. On the YouTube video I referred to, when the leather cleaner is agitated with a detailing brush, it would foam up but I didn't see that with the diluted solution. So, if you have to use the product as is, I'm not sure if it's worth the cost.		Leather Serum: Amazing!! I love the leather smell it has, and the vibrancy it brings back to leather. 10/10.
0,Quality Hose !!  Works very well and compresses to a compact size.  You can extend to only the length you need which is usually always less than 15'  at q Dump Station.  I recommend you spend a little extra and get this !!
0,As expected and delievered quick!  Will order again as needed.  Just wish they came in a pack of two, after all that is the way they are used!
0,Love the smell and the nice shine it gives my car when showered with this! I used to use dish washing soap and sometimes some other "car soaps" and na they ain't like this one!!
0,Great product even on my dark green Saab!
0,I truly love this product. I like to be prepared for anything and have always carried a 12v compressor in my car. Until this one i had always gotten cheap plastic ones from auto parts stores that break quickly. This one works well, has a built in gauge and operates surprisingly quietly. The quality is really amazing for the price and the bag is a nice bonus. My one issue is the surprisingly poor quality of the 12v connector. The rest of the unit uses quality metal and rubber but the connector is made of cheap plastic. I worry this will be the weakest link in an otherwise solid product. Had almost a year and no issues yet....
0,Works great no problems what so ever great product
0,Slightly firmer ride, and a great value to replace those worn out shocks. I am sold on KYB for the quality vs the price.
0,I use this adapter in combination with Android Phone thru apps like Torque and CaroPro.  It has worked flawlessly for me, I drive a Jeep so it can be a bumpy ride and it has never come loose on me either.  Connection was easy and apps detected it immediately.  The on and off switch is a nice touch.
0,I did have some issues with the amount of current it draws from my car's system.  I had some issues with the door locks (doors unlock automatically when the key is removed, 2011 Xterra) when using it.  The locks would not always unlock when I pulled the key from the ignition while the inverter was plugged into the lighter socket.	I was considering incorporating it into the car's system, but I don;t think I will because of the power draw, or if I do I will also install a cut-off switch that is wired into the ACC for the car's power.
0,Good Item, Fast Shipping
0,nice item, fast service
0,Same as mobile but cheaper
0,Perfect!
0,Very large & heavy, good protective coating.  Intimidating and excellent deterrent to potential thieves.  Highly recommended.
0,As advertised.
0,product arrived when it was suppose to everything was good
0,as described, fast shipping
0,Did not fit the top of the bottles I had to pump from but that's not the fault of the pump. I still used it, just sticking in the bottles, not screwed on, and it worked fine.
0,Everything I needed to rebuild the carburetor
0,works great.  really makes an undesirable job more desirable to accomplish properly.
0,I put this light bar on my 2014 Dodge Ram.  This thing looks mean!  I love the way it makes my truck look.  I get a lot of compliments on the truck and light bar.  The light is super bright!!!  It definitely helps when you are out in the country mudding or working or whatever it is you do that you need a light bar for :)
0,This is a pretty solid cover gets the job done and doesn't smell.
0,Just as advertised.
0,I haven't tried it yet but going on past product history of Meguiar's I'm sure it will work as advertised, if not I will be greatly disappointed and will update this review.
0,Works great. Lower tire pressure in Jeep tires fast.
0,GREAT product. Just like my grandpa had 30 years ago. This should last a lifetime.
0,Great cover for the $$$$! Nice coverage.....heavy material. Great fit!
0,A really complete kit for rear drum brakes on my 2001 4wd sport trac and great price from Amazon Warehouse Deals. Highly recommend this kit.
0,fast and easy, works great!!!!  would buy again!
0,They work really well with my '07 Toyota Prius.  The shiny metal look attracted me when I first purchased on Amazon.  But when they arrived, they were more of a hard plastic with not much shine.  Nothing some of my armor-all couldn't fix.  Picture is misleading.  But ultimately with my older car, I was gonna have to armor-all both the wiper & my wiper arm so they match.  (My wiper arm is a little faded from the sun).
0,GAPS ON THE SIDES FOR POTENTIAL WATER LEAKS. ID BEEN BETTER TO BOUGHT AN AFTER BRAND AT THAT PRICE. IT IS AN ORIGINAL BMW PART BUT I'M UNSURE WHY IT DID NOT FIT LIKE IT. I AM HANDY AND STILL COULD NOT MAKE IT WORK RIGHT. ITS A SIMPLE INSTALL AND I JUST COULD NOT RID THE GAPS AT THE CORNERS 2MM IN SIZE. I DOUBLE CHECK THE PART NUMBERS AND IT WAS EXACTLY RIGHT AND I HAVE NO BODY DAMAGE TO THE TRUNK LID. ???  BUT STILL WORKED GREAT AND EASY PLUG AND PLAY.
0,Saved our truck from dropping onto the ground. Very happy with these jacks.
0,no better than wagner
0,had this about a year, through mud, rain and whatever else. Still looks new, no fogging and works.
0,just right
0,Good value and works as good as any
0,These are very vibrant bright lights they look very good the only problem I can't give him a full review until I see how long they last for but so far so good...
0,This is the 3rd vehicle we have installed AVS "in channel" Ventshades on and consider them a "MUST HAVE". They were a perfect fit on our 2014 Honda CR-V. Easy to install! They will stay attached if you clean the window channels with the cleaning prep wipes supplied with the product and leave the windows up for at least 24 hours after installation. They look great!
0,I have had this installed for 2 months on my 2011 Road King. 10 minute install and mounting under seat. You do have to cut the brake feed wire, this is not plug and play. It is still working and if it is durable will be a good value. I will update in time
0,Solid construction, easy assembly.  The only reason it gets 4 star is because my Harley does not fit well unless standing straight up with a wheel chock.
0,Super easy install, looks good, seams sturdy. Only downside is that there was a dime-sized patch that wasn't painted/powdercoated upon arrival. Fortunately is was on the backside and a small spray of some black paint on my end remedied the problem. Installation took less than 30 mins. No vibrations felt or heard after a 30 min ride after install.
0,Perfect fit with only 5 minute installation time.  Same appearance as OEM original.  Economical, with shipping time that exceeded expectations.  Thank you!
0,Perfect fit for our 2015 Jeep Wrangler. We used both the adhesive tape plus the included sheet metal screws for mounting, and it has been rock steady. Hopefully this will provide some level of protection for those inevitable rocks and debris that seem to find Wrangler windshields all too often :-( In any event, it adds a very cool look to the front of the Jeep and blends in with the color scheme nicely.
0,Installs in a few minutes.		Mine was 'yellowed' from too much exposure to UV.		Glad I bought it.
0,GOOD PRODUCTS
0,Works well. Used as a prep prior to applying a clear protective coating on my car. Wished they sold a smaller amount.
0,Worked on my 1994 Coachmen Santara.	The guide screws above and below the latch did not.	So I unscrewed and removed them.	It worked fine including the deadbolt.	I had tried a cheaper one and it didn't work
0,Looks great on the my truck
0,Worked excellent on our vacation!
0,great for bike tires.  i don't see any other product that works this well
0,Good hid for low beam only do not put in high beams when you switch from low to high they have to charge up
0,Just what I needed for the JD JS63 Push Mower, a fair price delivered right to the house.
0,Used to replace my Manual Transmission fluid in my Honda Civic 98 and had no problems. Make sure to get the correct amount for your vehical. The feel wasn't any different in the shifting than the old oil, but I didn't have records, so I replace the oil anyways.		Great product, would highly recommend, especailly full synthetic products. Against prior thoughts, synthetics are way better than conventional oils and will not leak from your car if your car is old (unless your car leaks already). Either way, you get superior cleaning and lubrication.
0,Fit my 2002 4Runner and no more check- engine (or ABS) light!  No worries. Get those annoying warning lights off and calm down your dashboard.
0,Good Product.
0,fit my 2005 tj. the struts are really strong. took 5 minutes to install but u need another person to make the install go smooth. don't break ur window trying it by urself
0,Great sunshade. Fits my TJ better than the beat up spider sunshade it replaced. This covers the back seat just to the edge and doesn't interfere with my sight line. My old one had to be folded back because it blocked the view. The material looks to be of better quality than my old one too. Sunshades like this are a lifesaver (ok, head saver) here in AZ. I can leave my hard top off for longer periods and not bleach my interior. Then when I do put the top back on, no need to remove this one as it sits inside the rollbar cage.
0,good product
0,I love this jack. Lifts very quick and light enough that my wife can use it with ease.
0,I just installed these so I'm being patient and cautious before I give five stars.  I wasn't really happy with the supplied hardware so I used the stock/Ford pieces.
0,Fits well. Material flexes with the vehicle speed, but still holds tight. 70-75mph not a problem. Keeps prying eyes out of the back of your truck, keeps water out & no more fly away debris from the bed. That alone could cost over $200 if they sight you for an unsecured load or littering. Happy with purchase.
0,Fit and function was spot on
0,Great value
0,It looks so nice i love it!!!
0,After receiving the stickers and what's shown here I was highly disappointed.	  ON HERE (Amazon)  THE GREEN LUMINESCENT TINT WAS WHAT I WAS EXPECTING. I ended up getting a much duller color green. Disappointed but love the quality and look of the sticker despite the much different color tones.
0,great value
0,Fits great in my 2017 tundra Crewmax.  I like this brand from husky bc it doesn't have a flap that goes under the seat like other brands.  This is good cause i use the ESP underseat storage and the other brands would cover up the storage bins.
0,Cool price !!!'
0,pumps your system quick! great pump
0,Exactly as described ! Very happy with purchase and very happy with price !
0,Used this gasket in my 02 BMW E46. Great gasket but I didn't receive the valve cover grommets.
0,This works great.  Easy to install and holds very well.  It is well made and works great.  I had another brand that broke within a month.  This is very strong and I think will last a long time.  We'll worth the money.
0,Fit perfect..even after deer hit..HAHA
0,Awesome little fridge , I already had a INDEL B 50L which is built by Dometic works awesome to but is hard to get in and out of my jeeps backseat. So I got the smaller one for day trips and I can split loads when camping. one a freezer the other a fridge. Even in Yuma when its 115 still works like a charm. my buddys made 4 ice runs during our dove hunt me none . Just remember to get the 110 adapter and precool fridge so it does not drain your battery to much. if your in the market for a yeti go with one of these you won't be sorry and because no ice inside smaller size holds more
0,It works!
0,Great
0,Part has decent plating but i had to egg shape it a little to get it tight enough to stay in place.
0,I have been using FRAM products for DECADES and I have never been disappointed.  These filters are high quality and will keep debri out of the carberator.
0,This support really made a difference for me. Great quality and comfort.
0,Nice
0,I bought 8 of these for my 1998 Ford Crown Victoria P17. They work excellently and my engine was dead silent for the first month and now it purs nice and quietly. I mailed my $2 of per plug rebate on 09-24-2012 and got it a $24 check on  10-27-2012. With the rebate this ended up being a great deal just have to have a lot of patience and a credit card doesn't hurt. Recommend!
0,Installed on a 1999 Crown Vic, after the ones on car would not pop hood anymore. I had replaced with aftermarket ones and only lasted one season.  Had dealings with Sachs before when working on German autos and never found  but top quality parts.  Just have a second person around to hold hood so that you can get in with a small flat blade  to install.
0,Exactly what I needed.  Used to connect a portable gas grill to my built-in LP quick connect on my 5th wheel.  Wish they offered longer lengths.
0,Fits perfect.
0,Great tool used it to change the ptu fluid on my awd car. It pulled 95/140 wt differential fluid no problem.
0,Amazing product, they are just like the stock headlights only alot brighter. Like alot!
0,Works fine. Would be nice if the gauge worked at lower pressures when airing down for off road.
0,Look great on gsxr600. Seem to be well made. Do not notice any reduction in vibration, but seem lighter than originals. Had a drop incident in garag we taking the bike off rear stand so had to replace originals. Pleased with purchase
0,Great HID bulbs
0,Perfect fit. Easy to install.
0,Easy Fit. Works well.
0,Look exactly like the one I took out of my 1994 jeep Cherokee country
0,A+
0,Butter than the OEM light... Tks!
0,Love these lights! EXTREMELY bright.
0,I'm using these cargo nets to keep camp gear on the pillion, or elsewhere if needed.  As my camp pack is ever evolving, these nets, with smaller net mesh have proven very useful, especially with smaller items.  Hooks can be positioned as needed, and the net forms itself nicely around cargo.  Seems to hold things in place better than the larger mesh nets.  Working well so far.
0,Hubcaps were as expected. Fit nicely and easy to install. Almost look factory,
0,Installed this for my front suspension on my 2007 Acura TL-S!  It feels like brand new off the lot!  I recommend replacing all bushings on the lower control arm and everything else to make it ride as if it just left the dealer! =D
0,Easily mounted.  Once mounted they are very solid and do not bunch up.  I put four in my 2008 Wrangler JK, two door.  There's adequate room for installation of a passenger set on the roll cage in the back just after the sound bar.
0,These bulbs worked great as low-current draw replacments for my RV.  They were bright and the color was a nice color temperature.
0,This is larger than typical pitman arm pullers, best unit on the market.  It's a must-have in the toolbox for 2005 and newer Superduty trucks.
0,They work great! Glad I bought them and have them for my Mercedes e350.
0,They work perfectly on my 2002 civic.
0,Great quality tool. Works like it should.
0,PERFECT FOR MY 2000 ACCORD V6
0,Every auto should have a can in it.
0,god value
0,lifts my 238i coupe with ease.
0,Exactly as described. The aerosol oil is so much easier to apply than the squeeze bottle. I'll never go back.
0,what's say, it is a Ram mount, and they are perfect to hang your gear on the bars.
0,Work great until the see water pops the bulb. Mislead by other post stating OK on boat trailer but they are not.
0,Good tool
0,Perfect fit, as expected.
0,Installed this in my Acura TSX 2014.  It does a good job and performs as well if not better than the OEM filter.  I would buy this again.  It appears to be well made with good quality materials.  I tried an STP filter and it was a flimsy piece of junk that didn't really do the job.  This Fram filter is far superior.	If you have not done this before, there are a number of YouTube videos that show you how to install the filter located behind your glove compartment.  It's not hard and you don't need any tools.  Just watch the videos a couple of times, keep it on your phone for reference and clear out your glove box and you'll be done in about 5 minutes. Maybe less.
0,excelente
0,I have a 2010 SUZUKI SX4, it fit perfect. A tip for anyone else: If you are putting in an aftermarket radio, use the metal harness that is attached to the factory radio. It will keep it from shifting in the dashboard. I learned that the hard way!
0,Great price and shipped very fast. I ordered the case for a 2006 Honda Accord. A friends Key broke and I am planning on switching it out with this case.
0,This is a nice, big heavy duty organizer.  However, it comes with many buckles which I find get in the way.  In fact, the one thing I wanted to use them for was not how the buckles buckled. It is quite a large organizer; folds up OK except for the dangling buckles which I don't always feel like closing.  I may end up just cutting them off! :-)
0,Perfect fit; Took me about 2 hours by myself, and I 'm  69 yrs old!  Pretty easy installation.  Fast & free shipping!
0,Works great on 2003 golf gti 1.8t
0,I installed these in the bed of my truck. 2 sets will be needed if you want to cover both sides of the bed. Im happy with the amount of light that they admit.
0,Work good easy to install
0,This cover is a very tight fit for the Patriot Blue Ox braking unit is well padded just a chore to get the unit in the bag.
0,Nice Chevrolet embolded logo!
0,good well made solid metal stem
0,Finally a great, strong quality hose clamp.  I bought four different sizes for my project truck.  I recently did some work and replaced the hoses and clamps.  I bought clamps from the local parts house.  About 1/3 of those failed when I tightened them up.  Either the screw stripped the clamp itself or the the housing that surrounds the tightening screw failed.  These clamps appear to be very strong and the after the initial use, are very strong.  I am glad I got these to replace the inferior ones that I initially tried.  I will update the review if anything less that expected occurs.
0,Great oil, switched from valvoline full synthetic after it thinned out and blew past my rear main while towing. Castrol has given me no problems what so ever, we'll see if it stays that way. (2002 F-350 V10)
0,Welds were a little sloppy but got the job done. Amazon shipped without a box. Put ups label right on muffler. Took awhile to get off.  Works fine after cleaning it up!
0,just as it stated
0,Good Part
0,we are having no issues with this exact fit replacement battery for our alarm system.  This came ready to install and it was a breeze and is working as expected.
0,WORK PERFECT
0,does its job - easy to put on... can't speak to its effectiveness or durability as no one has messed with it yet.  It's a simple lock mechanism, I think it works as a good visual deterrent, but I would suspect that a determined thief could overcome the lock.
0,Great stuff for my solid tappit engine.  Fast shipping and good price.
0,perfect quality and look.  be careful, one picture shows it as silver...it is black.
0,These mats are a good value. Good fit with very little trimming.
0,great
0,Great fit and quality
0,Every Vehicle should have one.
0,GREAT LIGHT AND PRICE.HARLEY IS OVER PRICED FOR THE SAME LIGHT.IF YOU BUY ONE YOU DON'T USE THE INNER HEAD RING THAT CAME WITH THE BIKE,JUST LINE IT UP AND TIGHTEN THE OUTER HOLD DOWN RING,IT WILL BRIGHTEN YOUR NIGHT
0,not too bad.  love the design.  but they fit a little snug.  i would probably go a size up.
0,Excellent purchase.  Delivered on time and as described.
0,Perfect fit and (surprisingly) the same gauge as the original.
0,easy update. just wish the screws would not rust so quickly.
0,Fit perfect
0,looks good and my hood isn't naked anymore
0,This lock goes onto the disk without a key, so its fast to put on. It comes with a orange reminder lead that you slip onto the lock before you apply it to the front disk and then the lead wraps around your handle bars as a reminder that the lock is on so you don't try to drive away with it on. I keep this lock in my tank bag when I'm riding so it is readily available when I stop somewhere. Its like a club for your motorcycle.
0,fit grate.
0,I really like,  Excellent
0,Good quality AVS shades for passenger and driver side windows.
0,Pet hair is a nightmare to get up with a vacuum.  This brush works great to get it out of the fibers and into the vacuum.  Very cheap solution to save you a ton of work.
0,I just received these this week and haven't had a chance to test them in the rain, but I am very impressed with the quality for the price.  They are not nearly as flimsy as I expected, but are still foldable and can easily be slipped into a saddlebag with my rain suit.  The only warning I'll offer others is the sizing.  Mine are XXL, and they just barely fit over my size 10 boots.  If I ever have to stop riding and put them on in a downpour, it will be a challenge doing so without getting soaked in the process.  Hopefully, that won't happen.
0,Fits perfect! 94 Acura Integra!
0,Good quality J-bolt and wing nut. I've gotten some universal ones at the autoparts store before that were way too long, these ones weren't as long and didn't need to be cut at all for me. It fit great with my group 35 battery.
0,Good product, easy installation.
0,Great lights for any vehicle really,good and easy upgraded. Installed them in a TJ jeep wrangler.	This is my first time ordering the "700FF",i usually get "500FF"(6 sets so far) i was expecting a little more light since the 700's are bigger than 500's but there's really NO difference,same light output and patter,next time i will stick with 500's since they're a little cheaper. Cheap hardware(brackets,screws and fog light base).
0,Great
0,Excellent car wash.
0,The fit and function was spot on, and the install was very easy. One of favorite accessories to add to a vehicle.
0,Thank You love this item.
0,Does the job for a great price. I think they're also sold by Napa Auto Parts relabeled according to their labels.
0,The best fix for rear sagging 4dr 99 Explorer XL. It took about a half a day to put in and bets dealing with leafs and shocks. I set the truck a little higher in the back and it handles better around turns along with going over rail road tracks without that hard hit to the truck. It rides softer and I put bags of top soil and rock in the back without any rear bumper drop. No complaints here.
0,Fit well in my car, just make sure that you measure the space prior to ordering it to insure that it will fit .
0,works good for 2007 bmw 335i coupe
0,This reader is very easy to use, has a back light, and long enough cord. It comes with a booklet with the generic trouble codes listed. I usually just google the number anyway. Works with my Nissan Cube 2010.
0,My car has no alarm so I got this to deter thefts. I was amazed by the quality of this thing; it's superb! It's also a good length. Definitely worth every cent.
0,Perfect for my 2000 Honda Civic.  Fast shipping and a better deal than local auto parts stores.  Highly recommend.
0,Was thinking of a combination lock but realized I would have the motorcycle key with me anyway. This is so much easier then trying to use the under seat lock. It allows me to easily lock 2 helmets to the bike. I wish I found this 4 years ago. I also use it with my bicycle to lock the helmets.
0,The sound these horns emanate are truly of a car that has more horsepower than the one I put it on.  they are great!!!
0,We tested it on our camper and is going to be perfect.  We have a Hybrid Jayco and works great.
0,work as posted. don't lose the pins like on other style.
0,Works well, fits the ZJ v8 tie rod, pair with Moog DS1312 Steering Center Link Tie Rod End to upgrade to hd tie rods on your jeep XJ.
0,Outstanding quality. Pretty much eliminated the need for my adjustable cargo bar to keep stuff from sliding around in the bed.
0,Looks great and easy to install. Perfect fit.	It took about 15 minutes to install.
0,Just what I needed. Took about 15 minutes to fix a flat  on my hose reel.
0,A
0,Not to bright but they are worth the money.
0,Its funnel. It works.
0,I use it in my boat.  For a damp climate or if you do not use all your fuel in one season, this is the stuff to get.  It absorbs a goodly amount of moisture and keeps the diesel fresh for quick starts in the spring.  I have also had fewer problems with my injectors since I became a Sta-Bil user.		I also love Sta-Bil for gas engines.		No need to use more of these products than instructed.  The Sta-Bil folks have worked this out quite nicely.		Thanks		AU		//(~_~)\\
0,great solid clutch. allows you to speed shift as you don't have to fully press in the clutch pedal. really made me realize how bad my old one was! one complaint tho, it claims to come with a pilot bearing, which it did not. no big deal, just something worth mentioning. 2003 Mach 1 mustang
0,This helmet is very good quality. The padding inside the helmet is firm and comfortable. The helmet goes great with my matte black motorcycle:)
0,You get what you pay for.  I shopped around before buying this cover. No one seems to be able to match its quality. Covers.	Reasonably priced.  Keeps your bike clean in between rides with an attractive cover from Nelson-Riggs
0,Very bright.
0,You can see everything behind you once you get used to it.
0,Fit my  2002 F350 4x4 Diesel perfect. Replaced rear u joint in a short bed crew cab with a two piece driveshaft
0,This cabin air filter fits my 1st gen G35 perfectly. I bought a WIX filter last time and it was very loose. This one looks well made and it also has baking soda to remove odors. Great product. 5 stars!
0,I ordered this light to help see when I back up my nissan titan.  I plow with my truck and these lights have helped visibility greatly.  The installation was not complicated.  I also got the wire adapter
0,Worked Great
0,Seems to help quite a bit with heat coming through the window in the summer. Also cuts down the light.
0,Great. Makes my truck look very
0,The pump pressure is a little high but works great.
0,Well built and looks like it will last for years. Like the warm white and it IS bright enough for an old mans vision.
0,Heavy well made I recommend it
0,thank you
0,What a deal, and a great price.  This product is excellent.  Mine came with no instructions, and I discovered there is one way to install these.	The top mounting sleeve insert has to be installed with the large side of the insert facing the outer edge of the window.  If it is installed with the	small part of the bushing facing the outer edge, there will be a popping noise when you open or close the window.	Hint:  remove and replace one at a time, so you have a reference if you get confused.
0,Bright bulbs, but you have to be careful as these are "polarity sensitive", meaning that if the bulb doesn't illuminate the first time, flip it around and try it again. Also, we very careful trying to squeeze these into the socket. The ends are 'hollow" and can deform if forced into the clips that hold the bulb and provide power to it.
0,Excellent
0,Great quality. Only reason it gets four stars is because it needs more holes for height adjustments.
0,If your looking for that true tron effect THIS IS IT!!	Red turns glow Amber in direct sun light, bright lights, flash, night time whenever lights hit it.	CRAZY!!!!!
0,I have a brand new Corvette and this is the only wax/polymer coating that I will use ony car. Outperforms all others and is easy on and easy off. Dried bug juice wipes off easily. One application lasts minimum 6 months +. One of a kind.
0,Used on my 2000 Jeep Wrangler sport
0,looks good but I haven't tried it yet. if it works, I'll go five stars
0,Right size. held air
0,Fits perfectly in my wife's 2017 Forester.  She wanted one but did not want to pay the dealer price so when I was able to find a Subaru product for a great price she was happy.  It does come rolled up but it will lay flat in a few days.  I did lay it flat for a few days before I put it in the Forester just because she said so.  Happy wife, happy life ;)
0,Cool
0,Excellent. .
0,Great product.  It's light weight, watertight, flexible when open but sturdy when closed.  It has three latches holding the front, middle and rear shut and you cannot lock it shut / remove the key till all three latches are completely closed.  Straps from bags have a tendency to interfere when closing and this safety mechanism will ensure that it is completely latched b/f you can remove the key.  Assemble the mounting brackets b/f you lift it onto the vehicle and it'll go smoothly.  I've had this completely stuffed w/ luggage and no problem.  This winter I'll see if I can put three snowboards in it which is the real reason for my purchase.  About 1/2 MPG is lost b/c of additional wind resistance.  It stays stable and does not wobble around up there on my minivan.  Again, great product, great price.  No worries with it.	I purchased from an Amazon vender which was risky if a return was needed b/c postage would be on me.  It arrived UPS in perfect condition.  It'll come in a big long box that weighs very little.		Just completed the Co ski trip and I put 3 boards w/ two pair of boots, a pair of ski's / poles / ski boots along with 3 frozen pizzas up there in this thing.  The bindings on the boards are the limiting factor but maybe 4 could be included - but I know three fit.  Also, we traveled through a storm.  In between bad weather I was driving 80 mph into a 40 mph wind and this carrier barely wobbled ( I was watching the front through the sun roof ).  Extremely impressed with this thing.  It held up through some extreme windy conditions.  It's a great buy.
0,Fit great!
0,Perfect replacement to get rid of the old sun damaged white one.
0,this battery charger brought two completely dead batteries back to life.  Didn't know that was possible.  Paid for itself first time I used it  However,  could use a better balance.  blows over in a good wind
0,works great
0,Excellent
0,Used for mounting coil clamp for VW aircooled fan housing upgrade and allowed the rivits to be tight on the sheetmetal (used M6 from Generic 100 pack).
0,Exactly as described.
0,These are nice and bright! However, I noticed that some of the cells remain dimmly lit at all times when the doors are not opened.
0,Great brakes with all the extras (bushings, grease, etc).
0,item does what it says. it transfers engine data to your IPHONE. You will just have to find the right app for what you want to do.
0,love it
0,Works perfect
0,well made, aluminum housing, not plastic, very bright for size, lots of adjustments, lights up stop signs 2 blocks in front, easy to install both took total time 1/2 hr
0,You can go out and buy fancy versions of this, but Moog makes a great product and the grease tube that comes with it seals the deal. Just zip tie it to the sway bar and its 10 times easier to grease the idler arm bracket.
0,Very good tool to pump your tanks .Be sure to use as large a hose as you can .
0,hot damn, great mat, so far so good. Handled a 300 lb log being slamed on it and the dirt just washes away
0,I like it for the price. I've paid twice more for other products that do similar things so I recommend it.
0,Excellent buy and great price! I was really impressed with the quality of this product. I'm using them on my 2007 Jeep wrangler Sahara and they fitted perfect and also look great! Very happy with my buy.
0,It worked great and was the perfect addition to our camper as we find the electrical outlet at some campgrounds so oddly placed and hard to get to. We use it as an extension to our built in one. It wasn't as stiff as some others, rolled back up nicely. The grips at both ends were especially nice and easy to use. I would definitely recommend it.
0,A really good winch. I've already used it several times and it does the job. The wireless feature is really nice. Smittybilt delivers the best product for the price.
0,Great Product
0,Bought for my 2003 Avalanche.  They work great and easy to program.
0,Great product! Locks down the hitch very tightly. No movement, no banging around while hitched up too a trailer.
0,I purchased the trifecta from amazon due to being $45 less expensive then anywhere else.  When the cover arrived from ups the box was destroyed but the cover was just fine.  I installed the cover on my 2008 Chevy 2500 in 15 minutes which would have only taken me 5 minutes normally but I needed to cut my bed liner to get the front clamps attached to the bed of the truck.  I have had the cover on my truck for a week and it has been through 2 snow storms and I don't have a flake of snow or any water in the bed which is what is important to me.  I was looking at purchasing a roll up cover for my truck and am glad I got the trifold instead.
0,Nice product, very good price.  It is very flexible for those hard to reach valve stems.  Only for drag slicks when air pressure is under 15 psi.  Comes with two chucks so that's a bonus.  I like it and would buy again if need be.
0,This fit my 05 Honda Accord V6, easy replace just take off a screw and change part. Just be careful not to brake it if it's stuck in there try to wiggle it around to break it loose. Same quality and product as the original part.
0,I have a 05 gmc sierra and this extension works great.  if you need some extra cable to run lower lights, this will do the job.
0,Arrived ontime.  This simple device fixed a recurring problem Toyota service personnel could not identify.
0,Me cupieron todas las llaves yno se salen
0,not bad
0,Works as expected
0,Great
0,Looks great well worth the price A+++
0,They look great on my 2016 dodge ram  Power  wagon. No hassle!!!	.
0,Perfect fit. great quality. Great price
0,Made my Yukon lighter better.
0,Have used this for a long time and it works
0,cool
0,this fit my 2000 forester perfect!!!
0,It's a drain plug. It fit perfectly. Oil is staying in the car. lol. Seriously, it's good. Get it.
0,This is a very good product. I advise using 2 coats. and making sure each coat is completely dry before exposing it to the weather. or water.
0,Great pressure gauge. I purchased this to keep on my 4 wheeler. It's built well and has a pressure relief valve which helps. All around rugged and accurate
0,great
0,Fits perfectly into my 2011 GL-450. The pictures are not correct, though. The filter is rectangular, not square as pictured. Two filters are included.
0,Good quality.  Easy to use - just wrap the single wire around one of the plug wires - no ground needed.  Great for tune-ups.  Note there is no "off" button and the battery is not replaceable - hope it lasts a long time.
0,I use this only at home but can safely say its a durable tool. A few stubborn components have forced me to get creative and really tested this tool. And it passed!		The price is unbeatable for what you get here. The sticker on the front may say OTC, SUNPRO, or another brand, but it's all the same tool. The tool industry does this everywhere.		For anyone concerned, the tools thread pitch is just like all other slide hammers and will fit any add-ons you buy down the road!
0,Took about 2 hours to install and I love having the tailgate lock and unlock each time the door locks are actuated.
0,Used these for my lawn trailer. Cut my old tires off and paid Discount Tire $14 to mount them. The price included new valve stems.
0,Great for removing Oxygen sensors
0,Best car soap I've ever used!
0,SUMMARY:  IT WORKS AND WE LOVE IT.	WARNING:  IT DOES LEAVE SCRATCHES.		We recently moved into a home that had glass shower doors in the master bathroom which had terrible waterspots.		Let me tell you we tried EVERY darn thing under the sun to remove the spots....we tried every home remedy as well that was listed on Pintrest! LOL		Anyways, when I saw this stuff, I thought well, let's try it.  Bottom line, it is pretty darn amazing!  It did remove the water spots, but I do have one warning, as others have said....It does leave minor scratches in the glass.  We are totally fine with that.  I'd rather have a few scratches than a glass shower enclosure that I disgust every time I shower!		Soooo, bottom line, I'd definitely recommend the product (which I already have to friends and family!) but, just remember, there will probably be some scratches on your glass when you're done.		Oh yeah, one recommendation....use gloves to protect your hands.  I didn't and my right had was all gross and peeling the next day.		.
0,used on my myco steel boat trailer, now used in salt water. turned black overnight and painted with rustolium rolled on.
0,excellent product works as described and fast shipping
0,Nice looking brackets , I have them on my ford explorer basket rack holding  a. 60 inch high lift .
0,Did the trick and was able to replace all my broken coil harness. Only complaint is the wiring color was off, but just go in order and you will be fine. Not sure why their are complaints of cable thickness. These are thicker then the factory grounds. 2001 Audi TT
0,Great stopping power.  Quick install
0,Lowered the balance rates on my Duramax LB7  by 1.1 - 2.7. All are in the acceptable range.
0,Great truckbox, well made.  Fit 2012 Tacoma.  Made in USA
0,Got here fast and I will be using it on my show bike... I was running low on my last bottle as I use it on everything we drive or ride... Good stuff!!! ;o)>
0,Installed in 1996 Mercury Grand Marquis, followed you-tube video, when on in about 2 hours. Came complete with bearing, seal and new lug nuts. Great value for the money spent.
0,Holding up great should of tried this sooner. Used it on my ford expedition  faded	door trim.
0,Works good,easy to do and hooked right up
0,Works like they should great price compared to other websites
0,Had to trim the back out to get it to sit flush . 97 f150
0,Haven't use this yet, but it looks well made.
0,An awesome product for washing your car without the hassle of using a pressure machine. You will definitely cut in half the time of washing the car.
0,Awesome addition to my F150. I was going to go with weathertech but glad I went with Husky. I get a ton of compliments on the look and quality of the floor liners.
0,Size fit perfectly in the 2013 JK Unlimited. No rubber smell as other reviews indicated. The tire pattern is really cool.
0,Perfect fit.
0,Great price. Fast shipping. Can't beat that. Thanks
0,good quality, fit my 97 chevy c1500,	no drilling. using 3M tape
0,perfect
0,Just what i wanted came well protected
0,Only used it a couple of times. Very effective, wished they had invented this a long time ago.
0,fast shipping, part installed like it should, would buy again.
0,Four screws, twelve minuts and finished.
0,Good quality fuel tank.
0,Great price
0,This is a very bright light bar. The construction is essentially the same as the higher end light bars.
0,Fit my car (and most autos I guess) tire valve stems well. Good quality and good deal. Will last me a long time.
0,Great fit and function!  Exactly as described.  I could have spent more, but I don't think I could have gotten better quality.  No leaks and no adverse issues after install.
0,Perfect fit for our 2016 Thor motorhome with cracked lens, ordered extras to have on hand.
0,Fit perfect in my 99 TJ. Very strong, well made Cam Bolt kit.
0,GOOD
0,love them great price compared to partstore
0,I HAVE ALWAYS HAD GOOD RESULTS WITH FRAM
0,I ended up getting this locally, but wanted to add my two pennies.  What does this come with?  The small rubber gasket is for between the actual oil pump and pump block.  The larger paper/felt gasket is for between the engine block and the oil pump block.  The two circular seals go behind the oil pump pulley and the crankshaft pulley.  The last small gasket is for the oil pick-up tube which is inside the oil pan.		Basically this kit is for replacing/resealing the oil pump and block.  If you're not sure what the oil pump block is, it is what the oil pump bolts onto and then the block bolts onto the engine block.  To replace the oil pump block the oil pan has to be dropped.  The oil pump block also goes behind the crankshaft pulley, so that's why that seal is included.		I had no issues with the seals.  I didn't use the oil pump seal because I just replaced it instead of messing with taking it apart.  If you're comparing this with the Dayco SK001 kit, I would probably stay away from the Dayco.  The oil pump gasket was wrong, and it took me a bit to figure it out.		The car was a 2001 Camry 2.2.
0,nice
0,Nice product and was as described
0,Paint job came out great
0,worked excellent on project i have going
0,Man this product works! Shines like a diamond in a goats AZZ!
0,used it to make do with a leaky valve until i could get it repaired.  put a slide valve outboard of it when I dumped the tanks so I could avoid being drenched with the bad stuff.  Decided to keep it in the tool box.
0,I love them, but in Hawaii they are illegal. Safety will not pass you.
0,So far so good.
0,Is a great mirror to view tubers and skiers across the entire back of the boat. Can be adjusted in many positions and stays where you set it. Would definitely recommend it.
0,Works well!  Clamps are easy to attach and the readouts are easy to follow.  Does the job and does not seem to get hot while charging.  Brought back a redtop battery that was sitting dead in the car for several months!
0,soft and comfortable, really good grip
0,i used this to install new cover on the pumpkin on my 04 f250
0,as advertised
0,Good difference from the factory original bulbs
0,This is my second order of these type LEDs.  I tried a few the first order to see if they would work well for a particular application.  They did work and then some!  Because these have the LEDs all on the top, they will work in areas where the lights with LEDs on the sides won't fit.  The brightness of these lights are superb.
0,The Thule here is the narrowest of their cargo roof top boxes.  It came and it looked great.  Unfortunately, the 2012 CR-V rear door and the box is not compatible even if it stated fits most OME racks.  It didn't!!		Anyway, large oversize box 81 " x 24" x 18"  guess what that would cost me to returned. Estimate by Amazon web site $38  UPS estimate $207!!  Yikes!		On the phone with Amazon, placed on hold several times, getting frustrated, 45 minutes later.... Amazon telling UPS will pick up tomorrow and no charge.  Love to Amazon, thank you very much!
0,Fit perfect worked great
0,I bought this as a gift for my son.  He is still using it.  He wasn't happy when I gave it to him, but now that he has had to use it so many times, he is rather happy with the purchase.
0,ok
0,Nice CS!
0,Not installed yet, expect it will be great.
0,I priced these Hub Assemblies at Autozone and Napa Auto Parts and they were asking 5 timers more then what I paid here on Amazon.  I am now a loyal customer for all of my vehicle repair parts.	Thank You Amazon for offering such great prices.
0,It's made by ACDelco you know it has to be good
0,Easy to install and fit perfectly.
0,I haven't had a chance to try these, yet.  It's too cold to ride with just glasses.  No helmet law here.  I'll use them when I have a better day!  I thought they had some kind of styrofoam cushion in them, but it's a hard sturdy rubber.  Hopefully this will stop my eyes from tearing up while riding.
0,Great price on here and they're Bosch.  Need I say more.
0,Adds confort.
0,Followed the instructions on the Amazon product page. Completed programming on the two new units and the my two original units in less than five minutes. Just keep in mind that once you are in the programming mode, you hold the lock and unlock buttons down on the remote until the doors lock and unlock and then do the same on the next remote until all are finished. Dont re-start the process from the beginning for each remote.
0,for a 2001 Jeep GC LTD WJ 4.0, perfect, as advertised
0,Will update if anything changes. I just installed it. Piece of cake - holes lined up - instructions where easy to follow. I also did not use the protective tape - no reason to. I have a 2014 toyota tacoma double cab pre runner - fit perfect. I spent more time on youtube, looking up how to install this thing that it took to install it. 1 decent phillips head screwdriver is all ya need.	Edit: It looks great but, not sure what it's doing for bug deflection - I've taken several trips since the install - still get bugs on the windshield.
0,Will need to drill holes and they don't screw vertically like stock so beware. They seem to fit tight enough but it does make me nervous how well they will hold long term.
0,Excellent vinyl paint! Put it on a bumper for a hitch ball that protects your shins. It is soft, flexible vinyl, and this paint adhered well and only needed one light coat.
0,Great item, will let me know when I need to change oil in my generator.
0,It's an oil filter.  What's not to like?
0,Worked great on my 2006 3500 Savana. What else can I say.
0,Good product nice light pattern. One of the units died, but seller stood right behind the product.
0,I bought these as replacements for my fog lights and they are brighter than the one's replaced.  Received on time and in good condition.
0,I was initially hesitant to buy this tool, because let's face it, how often will I be utilizing this thing? Once every decade? As true as that may be I went ahead and bought it anyways.		In the past I've just used the stack of washers and a nut method, but this tool makes the job significantly easier! The bearing spins freely and smoothly even under a huge amount of load. My factory and aftermarket lug nuts fit within the taper correctly and never bound within the seat.		The tool feels very well built and I have no doubt that for any backyard mechanic, this tool will last your lifetime.
0,I have been through a few of these plug and play tuners and this one actually works.  I believe the 80hp claim.  If you are running 93 octane and crank it up you will break the tires loose in 3rd gear just by rolling on the throttle.  Downshifts break the tires loose too.  Torque has to be over 500.  You have to turn off the traction control for the full effect because it will detune as soon as the tires break loose, but once you do, hang on. I got a code on the highway once when I was passing a few cars but it cleared when I turned off the tuner.  Code has not returned.
0,I keep several of these in my trunk so I can dry my car at the car wash.
0,Holds everything in place. Well made!
0,good add to hitch
0,Great quality, finish looks awesome.  Hope it holds up.  The 6 o-rings are a great idea and a nice addition.  Highly recommend.
0,Great fuel treatment. I've never had a fuel storage problem when using Star Tron.
0,Works as intended
0,Great product. Hold charge for multiple weeks (so far 6 weeks without a recharge).
0,These work and look good so far on my Tahoe.  Like other reviews say, had to get different screws than the ones that were on my vehicle.
0,I have a 2007 Camry LE and I had my passenger side broken. But I did not want it to be painted by shedding out more money. So bought the driver side as well and installed it all by myself. I searched in youtube on how to do it. My dealer estimated the same to be done [including painting] with $250 + tax.
0,I'd never even tried a modular helmet but this is great; take the shield protectors off and you are ready to ride. Some reviews state this is a loud helmet, didn't bother me a bit. If you don't want any noise ride in a Cadillac. I only wished the inner smoked lens would come down another inch or so I WOULD BUY AGAIN.
0,Work as they are supposed to do. They don't burn as hot as the Bosch and my engine doesn't burn as much oil.
0,This got the job done with maintaining my impact. Have to squeeze the tube to get grease to flow into the grease gun (it will not really pull the grease out of the tube). But nice deal of grease & oil to get going with.
0,Awesome light! I put it on my drz400sm and replaced the dull yellow style halogen. The difference is really amazing and the install was quick. I'd recommend this to anyone
0,Direct replacement for the steering wheel switches for my 2003 Cadillac Escalade
0,excellent
0,Perfect fit on my 09 Sierra. I had one cable that was fraying badly and the other cable would stick out when the gate was closed. I ordered two of these cables and they both fit and work perfect.
0,satisfactory, no problems
0,great product Fast Shipping
0,Good deal!!
0,just what i needed to keep mud off my retractable steps on my truck, installed very easy no drilling needed.
0,I installed this without any help it bolted up where the muffler brackets were and looks great you wouldn't know it was an after market hitch good product
0,Takes the guess work right out of it. Is it the truck or the Trailer??? In just one second you know..
0,My 2010 Honda Ridgeline is one of several Honda vehicles that has a very accessible cabin air filter. (On my vehicle the glove compartment unhinges and drops down, the old filter slides out, and the new one slides in.) This air filter fits like the OEM filter installed at the factory. In 10 minutes, I had cleared out the large leaves and smaller particulates sucked up by the old filter in my first 17,000 miles, installed the new TYC filter, and buttoned everything up again. The difference in air flow was quite noticeable.		Something else I noticed was that my wallet was still full. The price of the filter from Amazon.com was approximately 10 percent of what my local Honda dealer would charge to install one at the shop. I could buy a lifetime supply of this item for the cost of one dealer change!
0,Great product and fitment is perfect. Very good quality IMHO.
0,well built hard to install<
0,Nice product.
0,Finally got a chance to use these, the car really didn't have much for deep scratches but it did have some really bad water stains, I finished up with the red pad and a final polish from Griot's Garage, the combination worked amazing and left zero swirl marks on the car!!
0,Fit properly without problems
0,these are very nice fits well.
0,they are worth it. I did cut one while changing both tires on my cruiser, even if one gets destroyed it still saved the rim. I'll buy more next tire change. No they don't stay in place perfectly, at least not for me. It's a fight putting a big fat bike tire on by yourself and they slipped off more than a few times.
0,I went to three local motorcycle stores around me looking for a neon (flourescent yellow) trimmed mesh jacket for riding in this hot, sweltering weather.  Found one of these with wine colored trim but not yellow so checked Amazon where I found one.  Ordered it for a few bucks less than the local retailer was asking and it came in less than a week.  Tried it out today and it was perfect, stayed cool, could feel the breeze passing through it, light weight and nice fit. The built in reflective panels are way better than putting on a safety vest over another jacket.  The rain liner is nice as well in case you get caught in a sudden summer rain squall.
0,I bought this so my wheel lock wasn't rolling around randomly in my glove box. Not only does this keep me from losing it, but the bag keeps it from banging noisily into things.
0,Used this as an adapter for my macerator pump with the Clean Dump hoses.
0,Works great
0,These are stronger than I imagined. We've put them on our 2012 Prius C, and they've sustained no damage even after hitting some potholes and large rocks on the interstate.		The color looks great. It seems to be a little darker in person than in the photo.		If you get your wheels balanced, make sure they use those adhesive wheel weights that go inside the wheel. I went to NTB and they used some metal clip-on weights on the rim of the wheel and they left deep scratches on the bronze finish :(
0,Good item fast and shipping.
0,Exactly what I needed and made my 318 run much better
0,I had an Impulse type brake controller and hated it with every fiber of my being so I purchased the Hayes  #81741B proportional controller.  Installation was a breeze and I strongly suggest you buy the quick connect wiring harness that mates with the connector under the dash.  It makes life a lot easier when you can just plug it together rather that splicing a bunch of wires.  Getting back to the controller it provides a nice even braking when set correctly.  It has 2 adjustments on it for fine tuning which is a plus.
0,This is such a pretty gold carbon fiber. It is definitely true to color as the photo shows. I wanted some of these rolls of Vinyl not to put on my car but rather to make stickers with. I have a friend who only charges me for Vinyl to make me stickers for my car, or anything else involving cutting Vinyl with the laser cutter and now he won't have to charge me for anything. I did receive a few of the colors, and I really like them. Vinyl comes off easily, doesn't leave any residue behind and it's easy to put on. If you don't know how to put it on, it does take some finesse and patience to put it on so it doesn't wrinkle. The good thing is that you can peel it back gently and put it back on since it's not a permanent thing. You can use this to make yourself a phone cover, cover your iPad or other tablet, your computer, your Xbox or PS4/3 or anything else. These rolls definitely aren't enough to do a whole car, which is fine since that's not what I wanted it for.		I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.
0,Fit perfect and looks great
0,Very good
0,Great starter really cranks
0,Worked just like factory very easy to program
0,Very easy to use
0,Exactly as described. These scrappers work well and are durable. The blade doesn't mar the glass.
0,Work as expected.
0,Havent put on yet, but I rely on Spicer quality.
0,We have been sleeping on this bed in our fifth wheel camper for 8 nights now.  It is wonderful!  It did arrive wrapped and compressed.  It was easy for us to move to the bed while wrapped and unroll for it to expand.  We left it for nearly 10 hours before adding weight to it.  This bed is memory foam, which concerned me.  However, after reading reviews and many stating it is firm, I purchased with that in mind.  My husband and I prefer a firm bed.  This has worked great for both of us.  We do not full time in our camper, but we camp for weeks at a time.  My husband is 300 pounds, and I'm 150.  I don't feel him get in and out of bed.  I'm very pleased.  I will update the post if anything changes.
0,Very cool looking after its on,but before you begin,beware,you will waste the first 3 inches because of the way it comes taped together. I tried to save that part by using lighter fluid to get the excess tape residue off but didn't work. Pretty expensive for what your getiing,but I only wanted enough for the bottom of my rv doors,so the 1 roll did me fine.
0,Nice product, very heavy duty, the only thing I would like to see different would be if the plastic cover was actually covering the bottom instead of the top. Covering the top does no good because most of the hookups are already inside an electric box.
0,This product works great!
0,works great easy to apply and remove
0,nice quality...fit as expected...nice touch of custom
0,Bought it with the Flush + Cleaner by Prestone.  Worked just as it should.  Just follow the instructions if anything seems confusing.
0,Exact OEM fit and function.
0,ok
0,Of course it's great.  I have never had bad luck with a master lock. Plus now it will be a lot harder for someone to steal our camper trailer.
0,Charges and maintains my smaller 6V and 12V batteries (ATV, snowmobile, game cams, underwater camera, etc.) automatically.
0,Very good product ... as my travel trailer is coveted by the thieves ... I am very reassuring when we are not at home
0,The Ultimate Duramax oil filter
0,works great wash window before use and it dose a great job!!
0,Received quickly, item as promised.  Just installed on my trailer this week.  Works well, but I hate that these levers are plastic, it seems they might not hold up in the long run.  Simple installation, despite there being no intructions whatsoever in or on the packaging.
0,Great price. Arrived quickly and worked perfectly.
0,Installed fairly easily, nice stopping power and they look great!
0,I have been looking for a battery filler for my RV, as it is almost impossible to add water to the batteries any other way.  This baby does the trick in an instant, without over- or under-filling each cell AND no spillage.  Fill it with distilled water, screw on the cap, and the water inside does not evaporate, so it's always ready when your batteries need it.
0,Great stuff for removing gecko and bird effluent, volcanic sulfates, and sea air deposits from my windshields daily.	Never wasted it on tires and wheels once I discovered that it immediately gets below deposits quickly and wipes clean with Kirkland Ultra Plush microfiber towels,$26.59 PRIME,  in two tries	(second is to pick up on dry towel the fine dust left over)
0,So far, so good. Also bought the legs and cover. Wish it came with the required low pressure hose and valve.
0,Awesome shirt
0,Have a 2015 F-250. Took the rails off the old truck and reused. These make is so much easier that trying to use the old brackets. Made my money back in saved aggravation, if you know what I mean. As a DIY I can say it lined up perfectly with the factory holes in the frame. I just held my breath on the measurements for drilling the holes in the bed but it was perfect (no extra holes) by following the directions and watching youtube manufacturer video. I would definitely recommend for ease of installation.
0,Great perfect fit
0,work great easy to install
0,They worked great to un-mount and mount two sets of garden tractor tires, including some heavy sidewall ag-style tires.  Wish I had three of the large size spoon, as it is really a work horse on those sized tires, but the small spoons hold the bead in place while it is worked around the rim.  It is definitely NOT for car-sized tires.  Motorcycle, garden tractor, ATV, etc., are all within its range.
0,This review is for the 17'5" truck cover.	My 2001 Tacoma double cab needed a cover that did not break the bank, as when you mention double cab the price usually (that's right) doubles!  This is a great garage, car port, Etc. cover, and could be used in non-wet (rain) applications. My truck is exactly 16' long, and this cover fits snugly from bumper to bumper, as the cover is 17'5" long.	The actual part number on the cover is: 10301117
0,First of all, thanks to Smurf and the whole crew at Qalo! I have an allergy to gold and while the tungsten carbide and other rings are nice, they're also very heavy and if you do any form of manual labor, like many other metal rings, they can get your finger torn off, or possibly severely injured. My QALO Q2X size 12 fits as expected (normally wear a 11.5) and it's light weight! Sometimes I look to see if it's there, because I honestly can't feel it! It's very comfortable and I have the "peace of mind" knowing, that in the event my ring does catch on something, it will simply stretch and release, or tear away, eliminating the possibility of a ring related injury. I love the QALO Q2X product line and highly recommend purchasing your own!
0,Great Paint. Sticks and Holds Well!
0,Great price for the performance. I'm sure the larger cfm model would be a bit faster but I'm not sure it's worth twice the cost.  This one took 33' tires from 17 pounds to 30 in about 2.5 minutes each then followed taking 35's from 30 to 40 pounds in about 3 minutes. It was a bit hot after the eight fills but nothing serious. Good product worth the money
0,love it
0,Quick and easy install on my 2005 Toyota Corolla. I used the factory horn location and drilled a hole the same distance on the other side. I had them installed and wired in about hour. They are definitely a louder than the stock horn, but not obnoxiously loud.
0,Works great, brought my power brakes back to were they should be.
0,NICE NEW SHOES FOR THE RANGER
0,So far so good. I've never used a K&N fuel filter (always used ACD) so we'll see how it lasts.
0,Working good so far - put on a good 1000 miles and all is good. I don't know why the OEM is so expensive when this part is a fraction of the cost.
0,Exactly what I expected and works fine underneath the bed cover. Light is bright enough for me and price is fair.
0,This, is by far, the best seal kit for anything I have ever purchased.  I've rebuilt things from pool pumps to car parts.  Sometimes the quality of the kits are so-so (fitment being relatively poor), and sometimes the quality of the kits are really good (fitment is good).  This kit had fitment that is good.  What makes it a clear winner for me, the fact that it comes with an illustrated diagram install instructions specific to my power steering pump.  To be clear, these are not generic install instructions, they are pump specific.  I've never seen that before.  I mean, you can argue you don't really need instructions are all since you are doing a replacement (find a piece, replace a piece), but I still think it's great.  It gives a little extra confidence that you aren't going to botch it up, whereas without you would be relying on the internet for that extra confidence.
0,They cling to the windows as stated, works great.
0,To hear some of the reviews, you would think this stuff will wash the car for you, but regrettably it is just car wash. It works well but nothing magical.
0,Mounting process is a little cheesy but once mounted they work well.
0,Although its not recommended for my 2010 Buick Enclave - GM made some revisions on oil  filters they used on Lamda base SUV. Gm finally decided to use this type of filter to accomodate the load of carbon crap that the 3.6l is generating.  I think this filter is perfect since  filter has more filter material and better oil flow due to it has more holes . It's essential to have more filter material and better oil flow since older models of Enclaves/Acadia/Traverse are plague with stretched timing chain due to Direct Injection engines fouling up oil life sooner than you think. Recommend up to 3k-4k mile interval . Never ever trust OLM -
0,I've used this brand/type for years. Would highly recommend.
0,any time you go camping or just want to plug in somewhere if there is an RV plugin use the adpter because same voltage but you have 30amp breaker so extra juice won't pop breaker especially when someone else plugs in to plugin
0,A+++++
0,exactly as described, good quality, satisfied with this product
0,Quality material, workmanship and fit. By my eye, the actual color of the covers seemed to be a little lighter shade of grey than it appeared in the videos. The other thing I found that was different was that the video shows two small pillow as well as the strap to hold the seat cover pulled back into the seat crevice. This set of covers only had a wedge of fabric and strap. The seat covers installed without difficulty and were a good fit overall.
0,Had to change an axle on one of my cargo trailers. And instead of taking the old rusty worn out ones. I just decided to go this route. Glad i did
0,This is a fantastic product as it provides important performance information about a Diesel engines operating parameters as stored and/or registered in the engines ECM. This is a great product as it can easily be connected to both SAE protocols used for the diagnostic ports on Diesel engines going back to 1987.  This includes the first version of SAE protocol J1708 that used a 6-pin configuration for the diagnostic port, as well as the more current SAE protocol J1939 which is a 9-pin configuration of the diagnostic port.	This is a wonderful product and would highly recommend to a friend.
0,Nice rings
0,Installed and seem to be very good quality.
0,This fits my Chevy Traverse fine.
0,Very pleased, just like the original with extra foam filer. Just bought my second for the n XTO change
0,Thought it would be a tad bigger. Fine for old Vespa's doing rallies. Butnot  '13 GTS 300
0,Fit great, bright red awesome, used in my door dome lights to be better seen at night
0,Quality and value
0,For the price, good product, not great. The 2 way sockets aren't ideal. The angle isn't sharp enough. And it spins and slides freely, should lock. You get what you pay for. It is sturdy, solid not worried about it breaking. It is hard to get good torque with the way it's angled.
0,Good fit and rides good again.
0,Quality item and is as advertised.  What more can be said about an item like this.
0,This is the most economical brand name oil out there.	The data at PQIA shows that there is a strong additives with relatively high TBN compare to average oil in the same category.	I need it for a new car break-in for short oil change interval.
0,The product was perfect, perfect fit, easy installation.
0,work fine
0,just what the doctor ordered
0,Five months and going strong!
0,Excellent product. Worked as expected.
0,It's big on one end and small on the other. Not sure what else you want from a funnel.
0,Worked good for us. a little difficult to put on. recommend practicing in the garage when you aren't cold so that the putting them on in the snow / ice isn't the first time. brrr.
0,Great.
0,yep parts work
0,it seems that this belt has a better grip than the others ive had awhile back i am stocking up
0,Item works great.  Able to reach travel trailer tires from tow vehicle.
0,Works Well...
0,I previously purchased the non-Gen 2 blades and found these cheaper and available. I ordered them to try them out. They are the same quality as the previous gen blades and cheaper. So far no compromise for a cheaper price. These are by far the best wiper blades! I have used them for 4 cars now and continue to buy. Yes they are pricey, but I only have to replace them once every 1.5 years. I use them heavily (Portland, OR) in the rain and they handle well.		Pros: Even tension. Cheaper blades cause streaks or 'bars' of water where the wiper bade isn't scraping as good. The design of the Valeo's allow a much more even wipe.		Cons: The clips are kind of hard to get in for my Subaru Outback. I have resorted to using the back of a screwdriver to carefully tap it until it is seated. This is not the case for my Toyota Sequoia
0,Works great, reasonable price...let's hope it lasts!
0,Perfect fit, replaced this weekend and it worked great.
0,Holy cow.  This works really well so far.  It stop the oil leak on my car.
0,cant bet the price!!
0,The price was right so I purchased this for use on my Mercedes Sprinter 3500 windshield.  I already have sun blockers that fit inside the windshield.  Why this then?  My thought was to keep the hot sun out of the vehicle completely by blocking the sun BEFORE it penetrates the windshield.	The verdict is in after 2 months of use and it is a good one.  I note a significant difference in heat prevention with this cover.  Stopping the sun before it hits the windshield glass appears to really work better than interior reflectors.  The result of using this is lower interior temperatures in my Sprinter.	Why only 4 stars then?  Well, the picture of this cover looks good - but that's not quite how it looks in real life.  The cover is a little loose by the door windows - although the way they hook over the corner of the door is good.  The big issue in fit is on the top center of the windshield.  There is nothing to hold up the center of the cover where it fits at the top of the windshield.  It simply bags down after a couple of hours.  Seems to still work okay but it certainly does not look like the picture fit then!
0,Great product and easy to use. Looks amazing! Plug and go!
0,Love the Ram Mounts. Easy to move out of the way when not in use or if you prefer you can take the cup holder out and keep it in you saddles until you need it. Easy to clean or just put it in your dishwasher.
0,Wow did this help cool down my turbo diesel engine!  I did have to make new connections so it would fit my 1979 CJ7 Jeep, but well worth it.		Aluminum body and fins and copper tubing.		Love it.
0,Worked great!
0,Work percfet
0,I have purchased quite a few of tools like this ranging from 'syringe'-type pumps such as this tool to inline-type pumps and screw-on pumps and so far this has been my favorite one. This is for a few reasons, but most of all because the unit clamps down on the hose and locks it in place. This is extremely useful when dealing with more viscus fluids like gear oil. All the other tools I've used don't have this feature and if you apply too much force (which, to begin with, can be difficult with some tools) the hose pops off due to the transference of pressure and you end of spraying fluid everywhere.	In addition to the locking hose it is very easy to apply force through the plunger with everything working extremely well. I just changed the fluid in a differential and it made quick work of filling the unit back up.	The tool is very well constructed as far as I can tell with graduated markings on the working portion of the tube. My only gripe is the total capacity is fairly small, but this can be adventageous as well as some of the larger tools are considerably less wieldy. In addition to this the included manual provides the part numbers for the consumable parts (i.e. Plunger seals) which should be useful if you plan on keeping the tool for a long while. One of the issues with these types of tools is the dealing with different types of fluid and preventing cross-contamination. This tool disassembles easily for cleaning, but if you regularly fully clean the tool your accelerating the rate at which the seals will fail. Being able to procure replacements is key in the long run.		The next job I plan on tackling with the tool (and original reason I bought it to be honest as I have other pumps I can use to fill transmissions/differentials as I had previously mentioned) is pulling the brake fluid out of my brake calipers so I can change them. Hopefully the size of the tube and what have you accommodates my bleed valves and there is enough volume to properly pull the fluid out.
0,CAN'T GO FAR WRONG WORKS GREAT
0,Great tail bag for the money! Holds my bike cover and some gym clothes comfortably.
0,A very snug fit for my Vespa LX150 which also required purchasing a new battery box.  Major power difference though over the factory installed battery.  Really makes a difference for a quicker start.  I attached trickle charger leads to the battery terminals and have had good performance for over a year and half now.
0,Good build quality, the color was slightly off from factory trim, but switches fit in nicely with room to spare.
0,Thanks fits perfectly
0,Dont mess around with aftermarket, and use these on ur ford!
0,No problems here. Got what I ordered.
0,exact fit on my 1999 superduty
0,Quality and finish is great. Exactly what Hi-Lift is known for. Functionality is what you would expect. Four stars due to the required crap you need but is not included like the standard non-locking mounts which run at least half the price of the jack themselves which do nothing other than allow you to bring along your portable jack.
0,Good product...plasti dipped itblack to match truck.
0,Look great!!
0,Nice little converter, use to operate a battery charger in my truck to charge power tool batteries when on the go. Only  a 4 rating for know because have only used for a couple months know not sure on the life/reliability of converter, if it last a few years then update to 5 stars, Also good price ,again see if it lasts.
0,It was more than I thought it would be in terms of quietness. It went on my truck great. the only thing is. If you have a stick shift truck you have very little room to pull the trans out to change the clutch.
0,3 years and no problems. I have these on my wife's as well as my own 4runner and love them on both vehicles.  Handles the heavy loads and my high tongue weight trailers  with easy, making travel much safer. Easy to install if you watch the YouTube video on how to install FIRST :) .	Good stuff, money well spent.
0,I was really glad to find this wiper and the price was right. This is for the rear window and is not available at Walmart or O'Reilly 's. I plan to order again.
0,Good stock plug for the Suzuki Bandit 1250, No need for anything else more pricey unless you are modified as the Bandit is easy on plugs. I had 20k on my old ones and honestly still looked good, I could have cleaned them and reinstalled them but already purchased these. You can't beat Denso for stock Japanese quality.
0,inexpensive and they worked great.  I would recommend these for use in your car or truck and will come back for more If/when I need them
0,I've been using Armor All for protecting the vinyl cover on my spa.  Once the material starts falling apart, it goes quickly, and water collects inside.  This 303 UV Protectant seems very similar to Armor All in both composition and application... spray on, wipe off, repeat periodically.  I'm using 303 on one section, and Armor All on another.  I'll revisit this review after a few months and give an update on the relative effectiveness of each.
0,No idea why I need three. Didn't help me mount my motorcycle tire but tought me to just pay someone.
0,Night light, bright light.
0,Works fantastic in my 2003 mustang GT!
0,Best price anywhere, very high quality galvanizing coating, very happy with purchase. Quick shipping. Going to purchase another pair or two!!!
0,Works n fits perfectly to my 2017 Suburban oil filter, ACDelco (OEM)
0,Another Xmas present for the wifes car. Fit well in her Ford Fusion and she is happy. now I have to buy the back ones to go with it.
0,Great Brakes and doing business with Amazon is a real pleasure. Will not shop anywhere else.
0,I received it real quick and it looks like a well made gauge. I have not got it hooked up yet to see how  it works is why I only gave a 4 start. When I do--I,ll repost. Thank you
0,These is the best looking trunk mount rack in the market and very stable and secure. I bought the green color rack and they looks nice on my sedan. I was also using it  on my Lexus RX300 (year 2000) which does not have an integrated spoiler. Overall, I am happy with the product and here are some positive point.	- Very stable if it is well mounted and secure	- If you are able to load 3 bikes, it is very stable	- I have mounted single bike and driven 65 mph on freeway and this is very secure	- No wind noise and very easy to mount and remove		Cons	- It is challenging to put 3 bikes but 2 bikes is ok but you might scratch your bike	- If you rest the bottom leg on the rear bumper, it might dent and scratch your car	- The strap are good but they scratch my car paint	- Even the legs scratch the paint work but not serious	- You cannot mount a Full Suspension bike which has small frame	- No way you can mount a kids bike		I used it for over a year but finally I sold it at Craiglist when I upgraded to Thule Roof Rack.
0,This things is great , once you learn how to deal with wrap this makes things easy , awesome quality.
0,I found these a bit cheaper then other sites.  Received in good condition.  Should really work well with leaving my camper windows open for ventilation.  Happy I ordered them.
0,The 01 Grand Prix GTP that I bought from my bro was burning coolant before I replaced the head gasket and this helped out a ton. I was working a 48 hour shift and ordered this the day I got the car and it got there before I got home after shift. There was enough left after I changed the gaskets too.
0,so far so good, still in place and in good shape. We travel with these in place, steps fold up, they work great. Only had them 1 season
0,Awesome helmet, the smell of oil, no problem put some cologne and it's gone.
0,goood
0,I replaced my steel line with this synthetic line after I saw some fraying. Having a line snap and take your leg off miles into the middle of nowhere? Aint nobody got time for that. I am a lot more comfortable doing longer, more frequent pulls with this line. I do at least a pull a week and this line has held up just fine. Do a few practice pulls to stretch the line before you go out. For a synthetic line, this thing sure does cut trees, if you don't have a tree strap it'll do some damage so if you're driving on your own property or enjoy preserving nature, buy a tree strap before you pull. Overall, great line, easy to install, tough, I'm sure itll last a while. Beats getting steel splinters all over your hands the one day you forget your gloves!
0,I had bought a cheap version of this before and that brand cracked even during installation with minimal force.  This one is of good quality, I really wrenched it down and never had a sign of over stressing the plastic.  It also just looks and feels of much higher quality.  I will be buying this product again for future vehicles.
0,WORKS GREAT !! FAST SHIPPER !!
0,I'm a car detailer so I'm very picky about my products. Duragloss has worked pretty well so far..good suds and lubricity. Seems to rinse clean easier than chemical guys citrus wash and gloss. The only downside is having to use ~ 1oz per gallon of water. Still worth the money especially if you love the cherry smell.
0,The great thing about a Hi-Lift jack is that it will last longer than you. However, at some point you're going to need to replace the climbing pins. If I were buying these separately at the hardware store, I be out $6 tops. Oh well, they work and that's what counts!
0,I bought these mainly to deter people from jumping in my Jeep when my doors are off. Seems to work fine! They did rattle at first but if you put some weight on them when they're open, you'll bend it in a way that makes the latch more secure causing less rattle.
0,Liked this product.
0,Super to carry with you for those emergencies, whether they're your own or to help someone else !
0,Great brake pads.  Quiet and fit my vehicle perfectly.
0,I loved it, It seemed very well built I installed on a 2000 528i  it and it's been running for the last 2 months no problem.	Highly recommended
0,Excellent
0,Worked ok for my 03 f150. Had to mod a little for my pioneer 4700. Made for a clean look.
0,If you are a VW / Audi owner it would be silly to not have one of these. I know the Ross Tech guys make a superior product but this is cheap enough to keep one in the trunk for the occasional diagnostic.
0,great for some extra utility
0,Good quality material, I like that it is designed for use with air chisels. Just make sure you screw the forks down tight so you do not not strip the threads. I would recommend this produce to anyone needing it.
0,Worked as advertised.
0,Works as advertised on my 86 CJ7.  Will have to wait until next summer until I use them again to flush my fluid.
0,works good
0,Works great. Melts the rust right off
0,I ordered this after seeing that Schecter Guitars suggested it as a cleaner for multiple finishes on their guitars. I was not happy with the Dunlop products and gave this a try.		I am also an auto enthusiast and know the rich history of Barry Meguiar's products so I knew this would serve me well for the car also.		This removes smudges and some minor defects in gloss guitar tops and provides a nice and smooth layer of shine and protection which shoes off the quilt and tiget stripe tops of guitars. I apllied it to a small microfiber towel and used it the same way I would on a car hood and it works really well and is unabrasive.		Like most Meguiars products, it is easy to remove the product from steel, aluminum and plastic ifmeeded, which helps alot with guitars. I use it on all of my gloss finish guitars and it makes the mahogany and ash woods shine like no other guitar spray. The same is likely for the car also. My car is black and I will try this after a good waxing expecting to see the same results.
0,it was a Quick install, and the filter fit exactly as it should. Thanks for a good product at a great price!
0,is a good product
0,great product fast shipping
0,The best oil you can get.  Its only a few cents cheaper here on amazon than Walmart. Yeah Walmart carries it for .05 more.
0,I think it worked great. Right before I traded my truck in. Seemed to have just what the doctor ordered.
0,They fit and work (so far).  I wish there were some instructions on how to install them.  But as other reviews point out, there are some YouTube videos out there that cover it.  It really isn't that hard and it took me under a half hour to replace both of them.  I always worry about something looking simple but then finding a "gotcha".		The YouTube video I watched said that I would need a 12mm socket wrench, 12mm open end wrench, and a 7/16" socket or wrench.  It also suggested having a propane torch and a wet rag/aluminum foil to insulate the vehicle against the heat.  I was lucky in that the torch was not needed and everything went rather easily.  I held one star back because of the lack of instructions and I want to give this a couple weeks of use. If it works smoothly, I'll be back to update and upgrade.
0,This wax went on smooth in partial sunlight, buffed off easily, and made my mercury sable look fantastic!
0,Great Product!!!
0,Got this to read my 2009 Chevy Tahoe "Service Suspension Soon" DTC. Did not work, need to take it to the stealership pronto. This code reader looks so cool I am keeping it, despite having another one. This bad boy has a color screen.
0,This was for and installed on my son's '99 TJ.  It fit as it should, was easy to install, and the looks were great  The price was much less than other Mfgs. .
0,i bought these for the car and the bought the zxe for the truck i have to say i like these better. transformed the car from bad to drive at night to awesome to drive at night... but have to admit the old ones were 9years old and glass on them was discolored (blackis color) so maybe that is why
0,Great improvement for my 2009 Jetta! Night and day difference...the OEM bulbs were very yellow and faded...these are great!
0,Works like a  charm. I have ordered a  Second one for the passenger side	This worked for my 03 chevy trailblazer.
0,Came in exactly as described. I need the passenger side mirror for my camry after somebody hit mine in a grocery store parking lot and took off. It was easy putting it on. The hard part was removing the old one. It works great and has had no issues. Thanks.
0,Fits my 2017 GMC 1500 Denali!!!		So, first, The product picture isn't exactly the same as the product you get (which is great)!  On the driver side, the locking pins have a full plastic cover plate that prevents water, dirt, etc. from seeping down to your carpet--See picture.		Second, I also bought the full coverage back seat mats: Husky Liners 2nd Seat Floor Liner Fits 14-17 Silverado/Sierra 1500 Crew Cab; and I wish this product was made out of the same material!!!  The front mats are made of what I would deem as a hardened medium grade plastic...instead of heavy weighted rubber.  However, don't get me wrong, I am still very happy with these mats!  They contour perfectly in both the driver and passenger side!  The driver side even fits well with the original carpet mat unclipped, moved forward and under the husky liner (you can see it in the driver side photo).  Most people take it out; but, I didn't have any place convenient to store the mat.		Thirdly, some reviews hated the fact that the mats provided overlap on the side floor panels (covering up the logo); I love that water, mud, dirt, etc. won't flow back and go down the sides to stain my carpet.  For a little extra protection, I can definitely look past this!!!		Lastly, I would definitely buy this product again and again and again!  Definitely a good buy to preserve the inside of my truck!
0,Its a new cup.  Haven t used it yet, but it is somewhat smaller than the original on my Sharp gun.
0,it was easier than going to the store and trying to thumb through the torn up catalog. Only been couple weeks, still working as it should.
0,thanks
0,Works great. Keeps my van at a good ride height and provides better ride and handling with or without a load.  Initially the system lost air over a few days but AIR LIFT customer service suggested using zip ties at the plastic T fitting and that has worked like a charm.  I have gone more than a month without any appreciable air loss.  Would definitely but again for future vehicles.
0,Put these on my 2007 yamaha R6 they fit pretty good could be better but overall they worked perfectly. Easy to install just need to take a few fenders off and take the stock lights out them plug them in and they are working.	Overall very happy and would buy again.
0,Nice basic tank bag, perfect for my needs. Just the right size for the basic necessities you want to have ready access to: wallet, sunglasses, snacks, keys, etc. I'm very happy with this purchase.
0,Definitely a better than average air filter....but no positive change mileage.
0,I have a Schuberth C3 helmet with the SRC system installed. I bought the Q3 for a second Schuberth C3 and installed it using the included instructions and viewed the on-line video from Schuberth. The Q3 works great and is easily paired to the SRC. The wires routed nicely around the helmet's neck roll, then easily to the boom mic and left speaker and then over the inside top under the liner to the right speaker position. The speakers fit perfectly into the foam liner's speaker pockets and are recessed enough to not protrude and poke your ear or head. No drilling or gluing was necessary. I used the included double stick tape to adhere the Q3 to the outside of the helmet where it is snug and secure and provides convenient access to the control buttons. Nice fit.
0,Working great in my 73 240Z w/ L28ET swap.  Original lost all pressure and needed something quick to replace.  This is doing the job as expected.
0,This toilet works great.  We use it instead of our potti in the trailer.
0,a bit finicky, but work
0,works fine!
0,Oh man!!!  Easy to install, and it killed the death wobble!!!  Super excited about that part.
0,none
0,they really do work  really  really NICE it fixed my problem once and for all not much more can be said. it is a fast fix!
0,Nice stand. Easy to assemble and use. Works great with my ZR Sno Pro
0,These worked especially well on the glass portion of the door.  Very realistic and worked much better than the Dangerous Illusions would have.
0,Does a great job of eliminating any "slop" from your 2" receiver hitch.  Takes only a few seconds to install with a 3/4" wrench.
0,Easy install aftermarket Kit with minor mods for 2007 Silverado 2500HD Classic. Finally clean pollen free air and no more dust in cabin.
0,Very easy to transfer the "guts" of the old remote to the new one.  Closure is nice and tight with a good seal.  The only issue that I have with this product (which kept me from giving five stars) is that the plastic is just slightly thinner than the OEM model.  It feels sturdy enough, and I am not concerned about cracking or damage, but the unit does tend to flex slightly if it gets squeezed or something presses up against it.  With enough pressure, the panic button is activated without actually pressing the button itself.		Aside from that minor annoyance, it's a great replacement.
0,ok
0,fits perfectly in 2015 Forster. Cheaper than dealer.
0,nice items
0,Good product from lisle as always
0,Excellent fit and floor coverage.  Quality product that I highly recommend.
0,These always work well.  Clean and no mess.  I always wish I kept them for re-use, but they save tons of money for differential fluid changes I don't do very often so I save tons of money over a dealer.
0,like most of the other reviews it went in like a breeze. after reading the other reviews I decided to lube the latch assymblywith penitraiting oil  before installing the new handle. It is not the factory part for sure, but good enough for the money. A couple things I thought, all of these trucks are older so dirt/grime/drying and old oil are factors. Myself like other had the handle break in very cold weather. I bet at least a few of the others have teens or pre teens. Could be part of the problems with the new ones breaking for some. The lub it any way could just save the Hastle
0,Good product for the price
0,Easy and quick to install/
0,Work awesome super bright! So much better than the stock bulbs in my 2008 GMC Sierra. I was going to mount extra back up lights under my rear bumper but not now these light up the night! Quick easy install.
0,Fit Perfectly - Excellent value for the price. Original bumper took 10 minutes to remove. New bumper is heavy and I put it on in about 20 minutes from box to cleanup by myself without a lift lying on my back in the garage. Easy installation. Only issue is that I will need to fashion a small bracket for my hitch plug.
0,I recently mowed some right of way in my 4x4 tractor that had lots of large thorns. The front tires were new, but started to leak because of those thorns.		I had a bottle of this for putting in my bicycle, but had not used it yet. So, one bottle went into one tire.		After a week, that tire was still doing fine while the other tire kept going down, so I ordered another bottle for the tire that was still losing pressure.		Now, both tires hold pressure just fine.
0,They were all better than expected. Gives off a crisp bright lite. I use them in our 12 volt Malibu lights.
0,It's a tire
0,First, this is a great upgrade to my Excursion.  Really helps tame the wallowing ride and shifty steering.	Why only 4 stars.  That would be installation.  The end link bushings come uninstalled and are a bit of a pain to get together.  That minor piece of the installation took at least half the install time for me.  It took me about 3 hrs. from open box to drive truck.  The other install glitch was an unmentioned parking brake cable bracket that had to be relocated and remounted.  No mention or hardware was included.  I had some leftover bolts from another aftermarket part install that did the job.  But, I did have to do a little unbolting and rebolting to figure it all out.  If there were hardware and instructions for the parking brake cable and the endlink bushings were pre-installed, I'd say it would've been about and hour instead of 3.  Expect more time if your truck is rusty or you don't have an impact gun.	To get the bushings in, use plenty of lube, and wear gloves (that stuff is nasty).  I pressed the link ends onto the rubber bushings with my body weight.  Then lubed up the hole and metal tube.  I put the whole assembly over a large socket that was the right size to support the metal without deforming the rubber.  I inserted a bolt into the tube and hammered it in.  If you try to do it with the rubber contacting anything, it will squeeze down and not let the tube through.
0,Awesome bushings and great price
0,Almost perfect fit for my 1996 Jeep Grand Cherokee. The only problem is the grommet close to the hood latch did not fit snugly into the latch housing. I had to rig something up to keep it from falling out of the latch. Minor problem for me. Otherwise it works well.
0,Works as advertised. Will never understand why such small batteries cost so much, but that's always how it's been.
0,just as advertised
0,bolt pattern matched seems well built solid construction and finish
0,Kit worked flawlessly.  instructional video helped significantly.
0,This product is exactly what we need.  The price is great with fast delivery.
0,I purchased two of these bike racks. One box was missing a part. A phone call to Rocky Mounts was all it took to get a replacement. They install easily and safely attach to the load bars (Thule). I use one for my carbon-frame road bike, the other one for an aluminum-frame mountain bike. Both mounted easily and without a hitch. The paint on the carbon fork chipped a little from the stress that the quick-release mechanism puts on it.	One note: the racks have to be mounted a few inches away from the edge of the load bars, or otherwise the locks do not prevent someone from unscrewing the quick-release skewer. I have 2 other bike racks that sit in the middle of the load bars, with the pitch forks on either side. To space them eventy and make 4 bikes fit, I had to move the pitch forks as far out to the edge of the load bars as possible. The lock cores don't provide any value in this configuration, because you can unscrew the quick-release skewer whether it is locked or not.	Still, I think these racks are among the best you can buy today - 5 stars.		Update after one season on the car (and after I took them off for the winter to be replaced with ski racks): no missing parts, no rust, no problems with the basic functionality. I still like them. Just please, make sure you tighten the quick-release skewer as there is no back-up safety mechanism that will hold your bike if the fork comes off the skewer. This has not happened to me, but I am a bit concerned that it could.
0,Look kind of cheap when you're up close on them, but add nice protection and contrast
0,Direct Plug and play replacement for OEM and significantly brighter with good projection (beam Pattern) for look ahead.  The color is not as white as LEDs but in real world use they provide better visibility both up close and at a distance.
0,Classic Accessories has brought to the user of RVs a top quality ladder cover.  The heavy duty plastic fibers stand up superiorly to excess winds and weather with low levels of sound when all the Velcro straps are in place.  Even though the ladder cover has eliminated most if not all adventurous climbers, I still check to be sure there are no unwanted riders on the top.  This cover is more of a mandated safety check before hitting the road than a guaranteed person/animal invader and above all it works well for our use.		At the end of a trip, we remove the ladder and hang it in it's special place in the garage, so it does not get critter wear (our gangs of birds are big and fierce when it comes to their relief that magically finds its way to items like ladders hung out to dry).  Many RVers are unique and freely share their comments about such items as ladders.  I have yet received a negative comment and enjoy giving the Brand name to the inquisitive.
0,Works perfectly and easy to install on my Nissan 1993 light truck, yes the product maybe should cost under $5 but oh well it works
0,Very pleased with how this performs in my '16 Colorado.  Installation was fairly simple - the manual for the controller and the manual for the truck break down what each wire is for (no quick-connect plug available on the Colorado, even with the tow package), so it's just a matter of cross-referencing the wires from one to the other and connecting them up. I used spade connectors rather than butt-splices in the event I ever want to remove the controller from the truck.  Very nice to be able to conceal the control box under the dash.  The display had sufficient cable to allow placement near the rear-view mirror, and the actuation unit had more than enough cable to place it near the steering column or on the center console. Overall I'm very pleased with the unit in both performance and aesthetics.
0,works good
0,The best device to use if you intend to make any muffler or engine changes to your motorcycle.  Their customer service is also very good.  I emailed a question to them and received a detailed answer back within 24 hours.  Set-up is very simple and mapping is very strait forward.  Much easier to use than having to go to the H-D dealer for a one time map each time you add a new exhaust or engine part.  I never used something like this before and went to the dealer for changes to the computer on my bike. Now I can make changes  simply and easily at home.
0,My son was checking the output with a meter and it fried when the input got bent.		As that was my doing I purchased another one. I was using all the ports for over half the cross-country trip (3,600 miles) without an issue. I was using a converter to run my laptop, a GPS, and charge 2 cell phones.		I've used it other times as well for local and other trips without issue. It's nice to have an "extension" cord for my devices. Some of them need it.		I think the wiring is very sensitive. Make sure you don't crimp the wire and you should be fine. Given the cost this is good product. Strongly recommend.
0,I cant drive with out this! Its a must have. It gives you a clear view of the surrounding cars.
0,perfect
0,these are more than expected it makes it extremely easy to load and unload a very heavy snowblower from the bed of my pickup thanks
0,Gates products are the best for the $!
0,The tone on this set is a bit higher than I like, but my kids think it sound like a real train. I was skeptical when I saw the small size of the air line for the horn, how loud this would be. This thing is crazy loud!	Pro's: LOUD. Seems to be great quality. No issues sealing fittings.	Con's: Not enough air line and none can be sourced locally. Fuse holder and wire gauge with it are inadequate for the load the compressor requires.		Hint's: make sure you have space for everything. I planned to put this in my 2014 Wrangler Unlimited, with the tank on the side with the subwoofer, between the rear seat and the subwoofer. I also have a Tuffy security deck #299 installed. I ended up not having enough room there, put it on the other side. The four horns, I had planned to cut into two sets to better fit them under the Jeep. The four horns as is, fit no top of the transfer case skid plate facing rearward between the exhaust pipe and the drive shaft, clearing each by about 1/2". Time will tell how good a location this will be. We do off road pretty hard, so will see how out of harms way they are too. Someone recommended placing tube socks over the horns to keep dirt/mud out of them.
0,Adds a great look
0,I bought this to protect the terminals on a 12Vcar engine battery. Directions say to hold can, I forget, like 8 inches from terminals.  If you follow those directions you will have Permatexed half of your engine compartment.  I just used one side of the top to a cardboard box as a kind of backing to block all the overspray, but still painted a lot of my battery PURPLE!Next time I'll opt for NOCO's brush on terminal protector.  Otherwise, it seems to be pretty good stuff so far.  I did use the cleaner from Permatex also, which I highly recommend.
0,9 speed fan powered roof vent. uses very little amperage because of brushless motor. this is my 3rd one. they work great! also you can turn them on when the vent lid is closed and blow warm air down from the ceiling in the winter to help keep things cozy and help prevent condensation on your windows and interior.
0,Solid construction, easily folds up to fit in the pocket behind my seat, comes with a pouch to keep it all together, and the sunglass clip was a nice bonus.		I also love that it's small enough to fit the windshield on my Lexus is300 and big enough to fit my full size Chevy crew cab truck.		A nice touch was a personal email from the owners of the company asking if I was satisfied.		Highly recommend! I will be buying another for my wife's car.
0,These look great on my 02 ford mustang.
0,Brought my le pera solo seat right back to life. Looks like a brand new seat.	People who thought they could use it to fill in cracks are mistaken. It's not designed for that.
0,I love these wipers and got another set for 2nd car.  They clean the windshield completely without making a sound.
0,Good servicie
0,Works perfectly.
0,you can always use some extra adapters
0,Happy with the filter. Oem fit on my 2024 tundra 5.7
0,Great price for a perfect fit
0,This product worked great. Easy to apply and really keeps the paint slick. I loved the microfiber towel that is included.
0,These gloves are excellent for situations, where your hands might take a beating.  At the wrist, and around the palm of the hand, are two Velcro straps. The wrist strap, is so the gloves won't pull off your hands, if your scraping knuckles on asphalt at 60 MPH. The second Velcro strap, is just to tighten the material, above the wrist strap. Inside the gloves, over the palm area, and half way up the fingers, is some anti skid material, so you can have a better grip. Obviously a glove like this, could come in handy, in several situations. Riding a bike, when you take a spill. Mountain climbing, when you need a good grip, but don't want your knuckle's rubbed bare. Even street fights, when you don't want to damage your hands from bare knuckle boxing. The area over the knuckles, is thick, rubbery plastic. Some of the same protective material, is over the upper part of the fingers, so they don't get scrapped up either. So if you're active doing things that involve potential injury to your hands, you'll appreciate these gloves.	ABOUT THE SIZE	I ordered an XL. The circumference around my palm, measures out to over 9 inches. I'm a pretty big guy, but I'm no bruiser. I'm inclined to believe that these gloves run a size small, or close to it.  If you're one of these guys who are 6' 2" and weigh a solid 230, forget about getting your ham hocks into these things.  Since they stretch a bit, coz of the cloth, you might get your hands in there, but it'd be really uncomfortable.		I was provided a free sample in exchange for a fair and honest review.
0,I'm a 63 year old woman. I installed this my myself on my 2015 Ram crew cab in minutes!  I didn't even find the directions until I was done. (they were in the storage bag).  I did go to a local auto parts store and get thicker weatherstrip for the front of the bed, just because that's how I do things.  I've had several roll up type tonneau covers before and the quality of this tri-fold seems as good as or better.  Time will tell.  There was a tear in the storage bag when it arrived from someone cutting a hole in the box to make a carry handle, but it's not a problem for me.  Will update once winter snow and yuck weather starts.
0,It worked as it should have. After researching the internest plus the manual I was able to achieve the setting. The dealership wanted over $100.00 to reset these. I would have thought after paying over $40,000.00 for a new Ford Van they would have done it for free. I changed the two back tires. (Snow tires)
0,Great value! It should be noted there are no zeros in the assortment, just the letter O. These look different than the numbers (wider).
0,This fluid is totally needed for my 1948 Pontiac and 1969 Chevy convertible.
0,Very cool device.  It seems a little outdated with the technology, but still gets the job done.
0,Works great. Made in Mexico..... Replaced my original belt on my 2001 Silverado ext. cab., which went bad when the tensioner pulley dissolved while driving.
0,Perfect fit on my 2006 Camry 2.4L.  There are a few belts that Amazon shows as fitting the Camry.  I can say for sure this one fits perfectly.  If you are unsure which you need, just count the ribs on your current belt.  If it is 7 ribs this belt will fit.
0,Good to have on hand when I need to use my 30 amp to connect 110 volt equipment.
0,It fit my 2002 chevy trailblazer perfectly.
0,This looks really cool on the front of the car. The only thing I didn't like was the price. Thanks.
0,I came from riding with Xelement gear and learned that it's decent stuff for the price.  I needed a mesh jacket that was not the really dumb all black that seems to be popular for some reason.  Honestly why would you want to ride around in the blazing summer sun in BLACK?  you trying to get as hot as possible?		Florida this jacket is a 4 season.  the liner makes it work down to our bitter cold 50 degrees and when it gets above 80 it's quite comfortable even behind a fairing.		Plus you are visible to all the drivers that are not paying attention, this is a huge bonus.
0,Cut & dry instructions. YouTube how to remove plastic grill from vehicle. Use lock-tite on screws.  My only concern is corrosion resistance of hardware.
0,I love car products, and trying new products.  It was fun to use, and worked.  Keep in mind, it's no air chuck, but it works well.  Ok for the amateur.  Have fun.
0,I have used this with my bumper pull and gooseneck horse trailers. Love it! Need to handle gently, not very sturdy, but it works well!!
0,Pull the strap,  and it broke,  lucky i know how to sew.
0,It's a pretty good fit and the matte finish is ok, but there is a little gap on one side and the finish doesn't match the factory finish perfect. Still a solid little piece.
0,Good
0,AS someone who does use SMD LED lights such as these, they are fantastic. I have tried others in the past, and they just don't seem to be as bright.  These are used in my interior of my car and truck......and VANDALS watch out these are bright enough to show every detail.....a great SMD light bulb finally.....
0,not as good as Weather tech but they're still better than carpet.
0,I replaced my cap on my 1995 honda civic CX hatchback. This cap fit like a glove. It was just as good as the oem honda cap i had a replaced 5 years ago.
0,Fit perfectly easy to install
0,If you are buying compressor oil you likely already know what you are doing.  Works as expected, there are no ratings out there that say brand X is better than Y, or that they are all made in the same place.  This product doesnt come with any fancy stickers for the edge of your windshield, therefore you should use this product without hesitation.  Check with the compressor to make sure you get the correct weight.
0,works great
0,I bought this to recharge my lawnmower battery.  I like it because you can see the status of the battery charge.  Works well and would purchase again.
0,WORKING GOOD BUT DIDNT COM IN A BOX AS IN THE PICTURE
0,Great product for the price
0,Decent quality and does the job.
0,Happy
0,Good
0,Ordered this as a replacement for a 6 HP Briggs engine. Exact replacement, installed after soaking totally in gas and started after first pull.
0,I had for almost a year, over 20k miles on 2011 Tahoe. No issues. Successfully programmed by discount tire. Looking to purchase more. They say these are smaller and battery last longer. I call that winning.
0,Exactly what you'd expect.  A decent quality hitch with multiple ball sizes.
0,Workes great, took them to key shop had them cut with no problems.
0,My truck had some of these when I bought it and decided to buy some more.  I agree with others that the smell does not last as long as other products, however I knew that going in.  Plus, they may not last as long but I bought 25 of them, use two at a time, and if each one lasts me a week, that's about three months before I have to buy more.  In that time I would have had to buy three others that would have ended up costing more or about the same.  So for the price and quantity, it's a good deal.
0,I use this frequently to check tire pressure. Especially helpful for the motorcyclist where tire pressure is critical for safety & performance. Small, light weight, you can pack it in anywhere.
0,Does exactly what it is made for.
0,perfect fit for 2010 accord exl oem wiper blades..
0,I noticed less valve noise from my bike (yamaha star warrior / 1800cc twin) but I also noticed a little less fuel economy.  With 10w40 yamalube I was getting around 140 miles per tank.  With this oil I am getting around 120 per tank.  It's 20 miles per tank but I'll take that over the noisy valvetrain.
0,Good
0,great
0,Dealer tried to sell me repair at $1,500 replaced rocker arm cover, oil consumption problem gone.
0,Fit very well on 2015 mule 610
0,Great quality
0,Mounting was a snap.  Just remove the spare tire, then unbolt the spare tire bracket and slide this in the channel. Reattach the spare tire and mount the rack tray. The whole job took fifteen minutes. I was worried that the rack would interfere with my rear view but it mounts parallel to the roll bar, up out of the way.  The only complaint I have with the bracket and tray is that I had to remove my hi-lift jack. I get comments every time I take it to the beach or off	- road ... looks great and is practical
0,Works well, good price.  If I had to list a complaint it would be that the jack is geared low so it moves slower than expected.
0,Very affordable and if they hold up well I will upgrade to five stars later.
0,Satisfied with this sticker. Nothing bad about it. Good for a joke gift or a stocking-stuffer type gift.
0,It fit my Corvette just fine.  Looks like it will it be correct for NCRS judging.
0,this is a replacement for and existing Fan-Tastic Vent that appears to have lasted about 15 years. does every thing as advertised. I would recommend as a replacement for existing Fan-Tastic or if you are wanting to do an upgrade from a basic fan. The remote and multi speeds are great, it really makes a noticable difference.
0,This is a great little unit, well made in the USA and solid.		Works by placing the plunger tip (skinny end) into the deepest part of the tread and pressing until the flanges hit the top of the tread. You can then take a reading from the shaft which is pushed out the top, measured in 1/32" increments.		The measurements are engraved in the shaft and filled in with black paint making it easy to read. They are not just painted on as an earlier reviewer mentioned. This tool should last a very long time.
0,Good lights. I thought they were white until I powered them on. Clear lens.
0,Great gauge.  I replaced my original gauges because they were inaccurate.  These look good and I particularly like the different colored bulbs so I can choose my back-lighting.
0,Works great, and nice brightness. Whiter than stock, but still pretty yellow compared to led bulbs
0,Put them on my honda rebel.. not slick in the rain which is a plus.. loads better than the stockers. Had to cut the ends out carefully to fit my bar weights... and they aren't as long as stock.. so i didn't push all the way on, and used electrical tape to hide the gap better... honestly they look rather ugly and out of place... but the comfort is worth it.. especially since my bike is so buzzy... and really... if i was worried about lookin awsome, i wouldnt be on a rebel ;)
0,Fit 03 Chevy Suburban Z71 4X4
0,great I can see
0,properly fits 2005 Acura TL. The motor makes a lot of noise when it actuates.
0,Great price
0,Really brought back the shine to my travel trailer
0,Just what I needed, and at a good price.
0,I just bought a new Polaris Ace atv and the fasteners were just what I needed
0,My check engine light came on and the code suggested that it was one of my four oxygen sensors. I replaced it and haven't had a problem since. This product work great.
0,These led bulbs were extremely bright.it took 2 mins to switch out the stock bulbs..the led bulbs match the led on the 2016 tacoma...
0,Best thing ever! Do you drive a company car? Does said company put stickers on the bumper that says  "Safety is our # 1 priority call 1-800-888-8888 with complaints". Have you been called into the office to be reprimanded for some bogus complaint? Well, be pissed no more. Buy this and if you like, a bumper sticker of your choice to put on this and slap it over that "company sticker". Voila! No more calls about your "terrible" driving.	Just don't forget to remove it when the boss is around
0,Well the package was marked for 16 in wheels, not for my 19.5, so they were not long enough to use the brackets as they were intended to be, however I was able to use 2 and fabricated 2 more so they could be riveted onto the wheel center cover. Work great with my tire monitor system, thats why I rated it 5 stars.
0,blackout sticker worked great looks great
0,Put these on my boys 500 Shadow and really improves the look over the stock buckhorns!
0,Very industrial, much better then the Stanley I had. Powerful! It's heavy. But, that's to be expected!
0,Nicest textile padded jacket I could find for $90. The reviews were right, I am often a 2XL, so I went a size up on this to 3XL and it fits great. It's a bit thinner in places than I might have expected, but I didn't have to spend a lot either.
0,I purchased these mats for my Jeep and they have been great.  The raised edges keep all the slush, dirt, mud, etc. off the carpeted areas and they clean up very easily (take them out, hose them off, dry them and replace).  Very tough construction and made in the USA.  I highly recommend them.		*Update*	I've had these mats for five months now, and have gone through a fairly mild, but wet winter.  They have been fantastic and if not for their price, I would recommend them without reservation.  However, I have a few friends who purchased the Husky "Weatherbeater" liners and they seem just a good, but they sell at a better price.  Oh well, live and learn.
0,worked great
0,Fixes
0,Fits nicely!
0,The rubber on the old antenna had oxidized after 12 years. This one was its replacement. Perfect fit.
0,I had a bulb die within 2 months of installation. Sylvania sent a new package right after contacting their support. Installed the new bulb, going on several months without issue.		Make sure the installation is done clean, that might have been the issue.
0,I have been using Baldwin's for years with no issues! Heavy duty filter! Do yourself a favor & get one! I also like the fact they're made in Nebraska!
0,I love it ....
0,Great pads
0,didnt fit used 1/2  of bushing fixed car too bad other 1/2 didn't fit?
0,I am hating most trailer tires.  They all come from China and blow in the summer and over 60mph...  Well, these are at least made in Korea or such.  Much better than my old Carlisle's and GoodYear Marathons...
0,I finally decided to get smart about protecting the carpet in my car and decided to get something more substantial than a simple floor mat.  The Husky Liners fit perfectly -- dropping right into place.  I'm confident they will help keep the interior of my car clean and offer spill and mud protection far better than the traditional floor mat.
0,Just arrived and haven't installed yet. I was worried they would be thin material because of the low price but they are nice quality!! Thick metal, solid piece and came with the bolts to install. Some don't. Jeep parts are costly and we love to add them so this was a bargain and huge help especially since im adding even bigger tires and flat fenders at the same time. It's nice to get a good product for a more than fair price to help with the Jeep struggle
0,Gave 4 stars only because it doesn't fit the bed exactly. Needs to be about 1inch wider on all sides to create the perfect fit. It does say it's custom fitted afterall. Other than that, it's a great bed cover.
0,Does exactly what I need, and movable.  Used for Aliner Camper.
0,This is a very nice cover
0,Fits great. Seals awesome.
0,Penray makes a quality cleaner just like CRC that I have used for years. For all I can tell they are the same stuff. I would purchase either one for cleaning your MAFS. Just spray it on liberally and it will dissolve any gunk or grime that may have gotten past your air filter. It really improves engine performance if your sensor was dirty. Easy to use can. Just shake and spray.
0,Mounted these on a WR250R and they're perfect.		Installed them over some stick on grip warmers stuck to the stock grips, and used some grip glue to put them on.		Holding great, comfortable, help with vibration and give me somethimg to hang on to!
0,Excellent part for motorcycle tie-down in my trailer
0,My jeep back window will practically pull me off the ground. I am very satisfied with this product.
0,Works Great
0,Installed on 2008 Toyota FJ Cruiser. Lowered temperatures about 50-60F for normal driving. Recently towed a trailer across the U.S. (3500 miles) and never saw temperatures that worried me. Consistently keeps a loaded transmission at around 130-140F all day long. Works exactly as it should. I have absolutely no complaints with this product.
0,Does what it says.
0,Great Product!! Good Price!!
0,just because it's cool..can't argue with poison spyder stuff.
0,I got these SODIAL Stainless Steel Luer Lock Dispensing Needle Tips for mixing my own vape juice and they make it so much easier. Because they are large bore (12 gauge), they make is much easier to draw up the vegetable glycerin, which is quite thick. I use a 60cc syringe&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/5-Pack-of-60ML-60CC-12-Tsp-Syringe-Luer-Lock-w-o-needle/dp/B00FGDNVO8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">5 Pack of 60ML 60CC 12 Tsp. Syringe Luer Lock w/o needle.</a>&nbsp;for this and these needle tips screw in securely and are a perfect fit. They also fit in my 3ml syringes that I use to add flavorings.		They are easy to clean, too. I just squirt hot water through them when I'm done mixing and then I boil them for a couple of minutes so they are clean and ready for the next time I use them.		The tips are blunt cut across so they cannot be abused and are safe around children.		If you mix your own vape juice, you need these.
0,These take a little patience when applying bit they look great. The blue really reflects when light hits it. I've had mine on for a while and they stick well.
0,Pretty straight forward component though it does differ from the OEM part a little bit. The center spacer on the OEM is actually a hex  instead of a smooth circle but other than that it's pretty much the same. Oh, and the rubbery bushings are a nice blue color. Was able to do the driver and passenger side of the car with this one kit.
0,Simple but good case to carry my new INNOVA 3100. Price wasn't bad, well made. Thanks.
0,Item was as described.
0,Country of origin:  China		Pros:	- Surprisingly low cost (14 dollars in Feb 2016) for the load rating (30K lb) when compared to other straps.	- The load rating tag is fully stitched onto the inner surface of the strap at one end rather than dangling out like a pillow tag where it can get ripped off.		Cons:	- It'd be nice for the company to include a cheap velcro strap for keeping the strap coiled while in storage.
0,Great colors
0,Fits well and stays on the tire at speeds up to 65 mph (I don't usually drive faster than that while towing a trailer), where I have dual spares mounted on opposite sides of the customized motorcycle trailer. Looks good and has not cracked or faded despite Texas summer sun where PM temps frequently exceed 100 degrees F.
0,Perfect replacement for a 2008 Toyota Yaris (and also early 2014 Toyota Yaris) with the 1.5L 4 cylinder and AC. Make sure to double check what configuration you have - mine had the belt wrap around the crank, waterpump, AC, and alternator. Bando was the original belt on the car that currently has 107k miles, so I expect this belt to last just as long. Made in the USA stamped on the belt. Overall, easy to replace (12mm and 14mm alternator bolts need to be loosened to remove the belt and re-tightened after installing and tensioning belt). To tension the belt, I used a small pry bar to pull on the alternator until I was able to turn the belt about 90 degrees along the long section of the belt. Check online for details on tensioning.
0,Very good product in the winter time
0,Nice buy!
0,Excellent
0,Good stuff fast shipping!
0,These were exact replacements for my original truck's plugs.  They were easy to install and the truck seems to run better.
0,I have several VW's and Audi's that monitor all the onboard lights and alert you if one is out. This can be a problem with some LED lights. I can say I have never had a problem related to the JDM ASTAR LED lamps. I have purchased dozens of these bulbs for my cars and will continue to do so. They give a very white, clean, color that is a huge improvement over the "yellow" color from the original OEM bulbs. I am impressed with the range of bulbs available since some auto bulbs can be a little strange.
0,love it for $40 you cant beat the price I will be buying several more for my other cars and motorhome its very bright and seem to be well built so fair but  if it last a year or more its well worth the price tag ill jjust buy another and have a new one again
0,Don't fit my 2010 f150 perfectly but they are thick and look good.
0,perfect fit on my door lock, for the price, we'll you can't beat that.
0,fits perfect
0,Easy install, and more power.
0,Good thing, everything works.
0,Worked great in my 2001 mercury grand marquis
0,I have an alarm on my bike. I was concerned that the alarm would drain this battery. It works great. I can go days without starting the bike. It starts like I just got off of it. The price.......it was less than a stock replacement. Did I mention it weighs less than half the original battery. According to information I read, it will last four times as ong as a standard battery.
0,This wax worked out really well. When I was younger I used to only use the three step wax products. Not that I'm older and really don't have the time to wax my car three times, I wanted an all in one application solution. This product worked just as well as my former three step product. It's been six months now and the water still beads right off my car.
0,I replaced the water pump on my 150 HP Mercury outboard using this kit. All the parts you need are here. Watch a couple of the Youtube videos and you'll get clear on how to do this yourself. There are, as is often the case, a few more gaskets than you'll need.
0,hello?
0,Nice product.
0,Saved my colored front bumper from aholes that parallel park or get out of the spot by feel. It bent my plates but prevented scratches on the bumper.
0,fits my 2009 hyundai sonata like a glove
0,Still working fune!
0,awesome products and customer service
0,I love these goggles and they fit my face perfectly!  I've had other brands, but Bobster is the best for me.
0,The seller took extreme care in the shipping of this fine product.  Thank you !
0,These fit very well and look great. Very similar size to the factory Ford flares seen on some of the 2-tone trucks out there. Very happy with these.
0,What can I say, the cap does what it's supposed to do.  It doesn't feel rugged.  More like cheap plastic and an ultra cheap locking mechanism.  It does work so I give it 4 stars.
0,I installed this on my 1992 Ford Bronco. It was an easy install and fixed the problem. Great quality! I have been using it for 3 weeks with no problems!
0,Nice addition to my Trail rated Patriot. Read some reviews about the white adhesive, had a marker ready, but no need for it.you really have to stick your face to it ,to even notice it! Reason for the 4 stars is the way it's cast, leaves little surface for double tape, sure it will hold. Very nice.
0,This is the same filter that I would have bought locally for more money. I will buy this item again to have an extra in my stock.
0,Received the item as promise. It fits on the front grille of my 2013 Toyota Tacoma. I could have given a 5 stars if it is bigger.
0,works well, leaves car with a nice detail on dash, doors etc...
0,Package contents were carefully protected and shipped immediately after order was placed.
0,These wash mitts do a great job loosening dirt without scratching. I keep one mitt just for use on my clear coated mirror finish wheels which are still looking great in their third year of use. Remember to use light pressure for sensitive surfaces such as polished aluminum, side mirror faces and your favorite wheels!
0,I was unsure about Rugged Ridge but.....Welds look good, holes line up, well built. Torqued to 150 ft lb. I ordered these not necessarily for recovery but for flat towing. They bolted right onto a Rough Country bumper.
0,I've been using Sun gauges since before they were sunpro but were called SunTune. They always work. They look ok. They last a long time. Their movements aren't very fluid... the needles jerk and are "springy". They sometimes stick unless tapped on (typical auto vibrations keep them moving). Build quality is ok, though maybe not as good as they used to be, but they work, and still seem of better quality than most of the newcomers.		I plumbed this electrical temp gauge into the transmission for its temp. It works very nicely in this application. While the voltmeter I have from SunPro is a little sticky, this one flows up and down smoothly with changes in the sensed temperature.		The backlighting is BRIGHT when compared to the designs in most dashes today. Suggest adding bulb covers. The backlighting style/method also fits more in the 60's-80's than a newer car.		But if you need the gauge and don't want to spend any more on autometer, this is probably a good choice.		M
0,This is my first patch kit. I ordered it to keep in my 4x4 and as luck (good or bad?) would have it, I used it twice within a few days of getting it. Both patches have help up great to plenty of use & abuse. For a novice I found it simple to use altho I did have to put some muscle into it.		The hand tools have nice solid aluminum handles. I'm impressed that the kit includes a spare needle and even the allen wrench to install it.
0,Worked great
0,Excellent!
0,I just removed some old water pump hoses which I probably could have cut off, but this tool let me remove the old hose pretty easy.
0,Lazy man's keys.  Worked great on my F350
0,Bright AF
0,good product plug alittle different
0,they are good quality and alot easier than a flat level in the fridge for your rv. and easy to install
0,This is the first time I had to replace a brake line. This stuff really does bend easily so you need to be careful not to handle it too roughly before getting your connectors in place. I tried to double-flare it and although it looked like it was OK there's still a very tiny leak that I can't seem to tighten my way out of. I actually think there's no real need to double-flare this stuff and will try a single flare to fix the leak. I wouldn't ever think of using anything else the next time I do a brake line. Very good stuff for the first timer. No tubing bend tools used or needed.
0,Really planed out the shimmy on my 98 xj! Glad I purchased. Great product!
0,Easy install.....not quite as loud as I wanted but will do the job !!
0,Perfect fit and easy to install. Great price and a naturally known manufacturer.
0,awesome
0,These are great. however,  I wish MSD offered these in sheets of the same size. I often use the same size dampers on multiple engines.  It would help if I could purchase sheet where the strips were all the same size.
0,This beach mat was just what I was looking for. We put our towels on it and they didn't get sandy. :)
0,Very fast shipping!  High quality product!
0,Perfect fit, instructions were great, easy to put on, well made. Great inexpensive upgrade / repair.
0,Product was packed well, arrived on time, fit well, performs flawlessly.  Will def. buy again.
0,used for along time works great
0,This is good stuff.  It does take a little more time and effort to get out stubborn scratches, but it's worth the effort because this polish has a very low risk of ruining your paint.  One bottle removed all scratches/swirls from an entire Porsche Cayman.  This stuff goes a long way.  Use with a Hex logic orange pad and swirls marks disappear after a few passes.  5/5 stars.  Would buy again.
0,Look very solid, my only complain is that it does not come with the metal hardware (the ones between the caliper and the pads). I had to reuse the old, hopefully the brakes won't squeak/rattle.
0,Great price on a good filter with the O-rings that fit and the tool I needed to purge the oil filter canister. Will buy more in the future
0,good quality
0,I wish I had installed these sooner!  These heaters have a nice adjustable thermostat that works amazingly well.  Most of the aftermarket heaters have a low-hi switch only.  The 1-5 settings on these heaters is very nice. 5 will keep you super toasty on a very cold day and you can turn it down to a nice mellow "warm" after you knock the chill off.  I'm really pleased with the way these installed and how well they work.  It's always sort of a crap shoot with the Chinese aftermarket stuff but these are quite well done.
0,Exact fit. No more leaking from the valve cover gaskets. You'll need a puller/installer for the cam/water pump pulley. My brother works for a Cadillac dealer (Northstar motor) & he was able to borrow the puller/installer. I am a very mechanically inclined person, so wasn't too much of an issue replacing these gaskets, but still took me about 2 hours or so. The rear gasket is the most difficult. When I installed the rear or right gasket, I put the gasket on the head 1st & then the valve cover & then snapped them together. Removal of the EGR tube was a bit difficult. Try to use a 1/4 inch drive with a swivel. If you try to install together, there is a good chance you'll damage the gasket. When replacing these gaskets, it would be a good time to replace the sparkplugs & rubber boots. You can also "strech" the sparkplug boot springs. Alot of posts state that you have to drop the front of the engine to replace the rear gasket, but I was able to manuvure the valve cover without dropping the engine cradle, thats why I put the gasket on the head 1st, then the valve cover.	Oh I almost forgot, one more thing.... The rubber "O-rings" for the bolts didn't fit well from this package. I reused all the original o-rings from the valve covers. Try not to tear the originals if at all possible. Good luck!	2003 Olds Aurora 4.0L.
0,Good product but don't work in day light setting
0,Great size and well built. Easy to use and works great on my boat trailer.
0,It's a bit bigger than I expected but works good.  Plugged it in at my house and it read a perfect 115v, steady as could be.  I've only used it off line power; I haven't had a chance to use it while running my Yamaha generator.
0,Easy to install, and the USB plug is just an adapter so you could remove it and use this like a normal DC outlet.  It fits tight so I wouldn't worry about it falling out.
0,Nice.
0,Easy install (5 mins) good quality. People are stating that it bends... That is only because when its installed with the ground wires behind it there is a small gap towards the end and when you push down on it, the pedal gives. The pedal itself is very good quality. I would buy it again.
0,Great product works great , but light kinda brighter than the other one, don't know if it's a product defect or what but still a good product.
0,Nice lights
0,Well economical purchase	Is K&N excellent product
0,well built, and very sturdy
0,Just right and fast shipping to.
0,Fits my wife's Honda CRV. Had to do a little trimming on the matt for the rear seat, but it works great.
0,Helped me put in my Doorman replacement interior door handle for my s-10!
0,So bright, it burns my retina
0,Love the fit and design. Great for whatever hits your floor boards. Easiest to sweep out.
0,Already had the Cognito Pitman arm Support . It had broken from when ever the previous owner of my truck have it installed . Judging by the looks of the old one, it must have been on there for some years. With the right tools and know how. Everything lined up perfect.
0,So far so good, no squealing or noticeable brake dust after many months of use!!  And what a price!!!
0,I'm 6'4/240 and the fit is perfect....Liner will be the first to wear out and is not removable otherwise it will do the job!
0,looks good
0,Covers well, roof is okay but the sidewalls are thin enough to see right through.  I would not use it for harsh winter weather storage in the north.  Get a better cover if that is your intent.  Other than that it's a decent cover.
0,Fit great!
0,Loved! Super fast Shipping too!
0,put them on for a couple of weeks the same time with new rotors.  So far seem fine and quite.
0,Brake light switch required 1/8th." removed from the sealant end sides to fit into switch housing. Had to install and adjust width several times to get it right. By the reviews it seems to be a common problem with these switches. But when all said and done, the switch works.
0,Do not buy anything but this or another pro tool to flare gas lines, this tool is the one!  The cheap ones at the box stores should be illegal for homeowners to flare pipe with, this makes perfect flares, key for gas safety.  Your life and house and worth the extra money to get your flares right, buy this one.
0,I got a lifetimes worth of switches!  My son used just one of these to handle all the 12 vdc current to his LED driving lights.  Why pay the same price for one when you can get 15?  The little light is perfect and shows when the switch is activated.  I think these handle up to 10 amps but don't have them in front of me, so that is just a guess.
0,Even if this weren't the only cruise control on the market, I would still buy it.  Installation is easy, and the unit works great.  The dealer that shipped it - MotoGroup in Jacksonvill, FL was also great.  I called them with an issue and they took care of it in a timely and proffesional manner.
0,Always wanted them, thanks
0,Nothing I've found works better for odor control, but I won't use this if I'm dumping in a septic system
0,I bought a set for the trailer and one set for the truck.....they fit (I did get the size that had my tires in the middle since others had said they ran small).  So far, they are doing what they are supposed to do.  I haven't had them but a month-6weeks so don't know how well they will last.
0,For troy bilt tiller transmission.  Hard to find in recent years.
0,Ignore the 5 Stars, I would rate this Emergency Car Escape Hammer a TEN. It has the best grip, narrow and very easy to hold. It is solid, you can feel the weight is going to help you if you ever need to break glass to escape. I did not test it on glass but there's no doubt, the sharp hammer head tips have been proven time and again. I received a black version for free to evaluate and review, either in the black or orange, it's a must have if you drive near bodies of water.	I especially like the half mount. Others I've tested have a full length one that could make it difficult in an emergency. The half mount lets you grip and remove the hammer in one move and I think that's the best feature. This is the model I would not hesitate to buy and I ma going to buy another one, for my daughter's car. That should mean something since I already have a few lying around from testing. THIS is the one.
1,After spending a considerable amount of time reading reviews these lights seemed to be the best value due to their low cost and decent reviews. The lights arrived quickly and were packaged neatly. The housing looks well-built and lens look very clean. Installation was very simple. I was very optimistic about these headlights until I drove at night. Unfortunately, these lights don't offer anywhere near an adequate amount of output required for a daily driver (even after proper adjustment) Aesthetically, I'd rate these lights a 10/10 for their remarkable appearance but a 4/10 for their sub par functionality and performance. I love how they look on my TJ but in my humble opinion they aren't the safest to be used on a road worthy daily driven off-road vehicle. I suppose if you only needed lights for a dedicated trail rig these might suit your needs.	TLDR: Look awesome, perform poorly.
1,Horrible. Not good for 2015 KIA soul. They make you pay the shipping to return.
1,Did not come with cork gasket, came with rubber. All plastic made in china filter. Sent back and now buying atp version.
1,Dead on arrival! Opened the box and plugged it in to make sure it functioned properly with blinkers before I installed. Completely dead doesn't light up at all. Im sure its the lights because i have other lights i plugged into the same harness and that works. I waited too long to install and now i can't even return
1,A DIY for a 2008 Acura MDX. Dealer quote for remove and replace using OEM for just one side was over $300; did both for at home for less than $25 each side. Seem to be holding up just fine, with no difference whatsoever in performance. Installation was fairly easy--search YouTube for DIY guide.		UPDATE: After 5 months they've worn out, leading to a trip to the dealer for installation of OEM sway bar links. The clunking in the front returned, even worse than before--the trip to the dealer was because I couldn' t believe these would fail this fast. It HAD to be something else. Do yourself favor and buy genuine Honda. They're still super easy to install, just buy the Honda product..
1,This is a really cool seat cover for a price that is reasonable. Unfortunately, it's poor quality and gets pulls easily. Sad sad. :(
1,Very bluish or violet color, material is rigid kind of like the carpet backing. Soft but not much if any padding.
1,Be careful when ordering a blade refill. This refill does not fit all blades of the same length. It did not work for me.
1,I didn't used because is not for Honda is not universal
1,Poor quality in my opinion.  Yellow top snapped off after using one time.  Still a good idea so I bought a different manufacturers product
1,This converter has already failed. Before I installed, I replaced all oxygen sensors,  ignition coils and spark plugs. I also cleaned the fuel injection system and throttle body.  Terrible product!
1,Not motorcycle worthy
1,My wife put these mats in her Malibu about a month ago and the carpet is already lifting up from the rubber backing.  Did I mention my wife never wear's high heel shoes?  Very disappointed!
1,A hassle to put together, in addition, the whip is too tall for a roof mounted antenna.
1,Had two very light scratches in clear coat, couldn't even feel them with your fingernail.  Applied product as directed FOUR TIMES, didn't make even the slightest difference in the scratches.  Again, these were very minor scratches in the clear coat, not down to the paint.  Took car to shop and they buffed scratches out in 20 minutes for $50.
1,this didn't work for me. it just didn't give me a decent readout of any useful codes despite my Dodge truck having lots of codes and sensor problems
1,Does not work on my 2004 TJ. The spring does not hold enough pressure to keep the dome switch in.  I still ended up pulling the fuse while the doors are off.
1,Already need a new radiator only had this one installed a week the drain plug leaks and I can't even get it out because it broke when I tried to take it out
1,Garbage product. Wasted my money .
1,Well, I knew going into it I would have to buy the Pro version of the Android app, and I knew the amazon.com AD said "Also note that customizations are only available for a set of supported vehicle models by Audi, BMW, Lexus, Mini, Scion, Toyota and VW", AND I CHECKED THEIR WEBSITE AND IT CLAIMED FULL SUPPORT FOR MY LEXUS.  However, after running the software I find that my Lexus is NOT supported as claimed on their website.  Come on guys, get it straight.  Total waste of time, back it goes and another bad review for the people at Carista who cannot get their products to match their website specs.
1,This is cheap plastic not worth the money.
1,Add is very misleading and this does not fit my Jeep model, now did not know this until too late to return under Amazon rules of return so am stuck with cost. anybody need a good set of flares for a '97 - 0? Wrangler..???
1,I am disappointed with this cup holder because it  arrived cracked.
1,These fit our 2018 Acadia as advertised; HOWEVER, they are not heavy duty. The mats are flimsy and often move/bend while you move your feet around. They do the trick to protect your cars carpet from spills, but they are light duty. Spend the extra money on some high quality rubber mats.
1,It only works if you apply it properly and keep your car in the garage, and only water hits the windshield.		If you park outside under a tree, the leaves, tree leaf oil, dust land on the treated windshield, you will have issues.		Also, it's ideal only for areas where there is rain every other days, like Seattle, Portland.
1,As a result of my search on Amazon for trailer wheel covers (hubcaps), these showed up as being suitable units.		Because of that I ordered and received a set.  Nice product, but in no way are they suitable for trailer wheels.  Had to send them back at a cost of $$ from my pocket.  All because the search function didn't segregate them properly!
1,too small
1,it is useless it has no provision to attach the loop strap, buy the Echo quick release it has a provision to attach that end.
1,Kawa KLR650 with LED's in signals and incandescent in indicator.  It flashes at a "normal" rate when the motorcycle is not running, faster when engine is running but tolerable.  Putting an LED in the indicator causes signals to flash way too fast when the motor is running.
1,Not the best product to choose.
1,Definitely not worth the money flimsy started falling apart right away. You're better off buying a big piece of workout room padding and cutting it to fit.  I would not recommend this product
1,Very light duty. Looked more robust in the pics. For the price you would also think it would be a little more heavy duty. Might keep the honest ppl honest.
1,waste of money
1,Installed on my 81 Chevy luv with the us of a metal coupler on the upper radiator hose. So far it has activated consistently around the same gauge temperature and deactived at the right spot. This is all based off of where the gauge sits when the thermostat opens. This used with the volvo 2 speed fan relay has been a lifesaver for simple, OEM style 2 speed fan control at half the price of an aftermarket 2 speed fan control.		update: low temperature side no longer works, only switches at the 99C temperature.
1,Does not work.  Arrived in brown box with incomplete instructions. Some of the paint was gooey and drying when I got it.
1,Very light and flimsy (cheap).  Did not even use it.  Worth about 99 cents, and I paid 15 bucks!
1,We put this on our RV the first year we had it. I'm giving it two stars because we did get a couple years of (not full time) and because Cobra does have a support group that speaks English.		There are some things it won't run right (an espresso machine for example even if it's within the power spec) but overall it was pretty decent. Until started shutting down and going into overload or the like (it says OPP) even when everything is powered just fine. You have to cycle power on and off a few times and usually it will start working again, but will repeat the problem soon.		I called Cobra and they immediately recognized the problem essentially saying it was common, that the circuits were failing and that I was out of luck.		So tired of junk that does not last. Look elsewhere.
1,This didn't work out.  Didn't fit my 2000 F350  even though description said it would.  I had a feeling cuz the pic looked different from my original mirror.  Amazon took it back with no problem
1,I love it I highly recommend this product
1,I lost count years ago of how many of these I have been through. Good ones only last a year and a half at most. Every time I purchase a new one I have to return at least the first purchase. The quality control on these sending units is as bad as any product I have ever owned. I like the gauges but am sick of having to replace the oil pressure sending units. The last couple have failed just beyond the warranty. I've had no problems with the Auto Meter water temperature sending unit.		The application is a 1994 Cummins 12 valve diesel. I have tried what others suggested to run an external ground wire and replace the teflon tape but these modifications made no difference. I have followed tech support's instructions to check all of the wiring and have even replaced it. The sending still provides a signal when the oil pressure is over roughly 70 psi but quits below 60 psi. This is what they all eventually do whether brand new out of the box, a month old, or over a year old.		If anyone can suggest a higher quality replacement from a different brand I am looking to avoid Auto Meter for any future oil pressure sending unit needs.
1,Was shipped with bent hose, being factory packed in small pouch--the crinkle would not undo.  Cheap material, does not seem durable, and it does not stay in place but falls over.  Returned.
1,The material catches things and actually starts to shed making little fuzz bunnies everywhere. The instructions were horrible to read and did not cover things at all.
1,It arrived with missing paint. For the price, it is ok, but I would have liked one free of multiple blemishes.
1,VERY Unhappy !!  This set does not fit a 06 Chrysler 300C Hemi V8 as stated.  They are over 1" smaller.  The bad part is I got the car ready, removed the old pads, cleaned everything up, applied the grease to the new pads and THEN I discovered they were too small...... What a waste of a Sunday afternoon.  After browsing the net for awhile I read many others finding the same problem on Dodge Chargers so this is a Federal Mogul/Wagner catalog problem.  I even went to their website and searched using the VIN.  Could be mis-packaged also.  Their pads have lots of numbers but nothing close to what's on the box.
1,Item worked, but became smelly in a couple of weeks. I would not recommend this item for purchase to someone else.
1,The design of this is perfect.  However, the problem is in the supposed color matching....it doesn't.  Great idea but they need to get their color matching dialed in.  It was worth a shot for the price though..
1,not good for anything.  Falls off all the times
1,Huge label across instructions not happy
1,Didn't fit as advertised
1,These struts are not as nice as I would have hoped.  First issue: the box the struts arrived in said, "assembled in USA" while the actual strut said "assembled in Mexico." I put the things on my car and my ride height went sky high.  I understand ride height will increase somewhat with a new strut, but this seemed abnormally high.  Car looks like it has a lift kit on the front end.  Took the car out for a test drive and man these struts were soft. If you want your car to handle like a marshmallow, these are for you.  Steer clear and spend a little more for a better quality part.  I can't wait for these to wear out so I can replace em.  They suck!
1,did not work!
1,UPDATE: I tried to jump my vehicle with these units and both units that were fully charged could not jump my vehicle. I called the manufacturer and the tech I spoke with stated these are not intended to jump start cars. I was very confused because these are advertised as units to jump start cars... k do not recommend these units or this company. My advice spend more money on a better quality unit that you can rely upon...		I have one in each car, but I have not had to use this for a vehicle other than my tractor, but the couple times I used it the jump starter to start my tractor, it worked flawlessly.		Is there a difference between the Energy Compliant a.k.a California Energy Commission (CEC) Compliant and the Non-Energy Compliant unit?		Believe it or not, the only difference between the two models JNC300XLC (Energy Compliant) and JNC300XL (Non-Energy Compliant) is the LEDs. The LEDs on the Energy Compliant are not automatically lit. This means you have to press the red indicator button to view the charging status when plugged into a wall outlet. I know this sounds ridiculous. How much energy do LEDs consume? Very little, but this is an energy compliance law in California and Oregon. Any retailer selling this product in these two states are required to sell you the correct model that is compliant with state laws. I know this because I actually took the time to call Clore Automotive 800-328-2921 and ask a technician about the difference between the two models.		Does it tell you when to recharge it?		The unit comes equipped with a status indicator light to tell you the status of the battery. Simply press the red status button to find out. If you see three lights that means it is good. If you see two lights it means medium. If you see 1 light, it is low, and if you see the light is flashing that means it is time to recharge the unit.		Can You Do A Battery Replacement?		Yes, It requires a model number of JNC065. Amazon sells the battery: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00G5GXHK8		Here is the website for this unit at Clore Automotive: [...]
1,This was a great lock... Until the receiver part seized up on me and now I can't get it off....  I now have to look into how to drill off a lock or somehow get it off....		Read reviews and saw a few people say this, thought, "No way, I'll take mine off every night, won't be an issue"... Yeah, it happened... Solid as a rock and key won't budge it. Tried all kinds of lube sprays to loosen it... Not sure what is a better lock, but this one works if you're looking for it to never come off again.		Just another FYI - I was able to get this lock off and it is now working great... I will give it one more star but thats it. I used this: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0009H1AMG and it has been great little lock. Highly recommend lubing it up before you put it on.
1,Pretty rickety. What else could I have expected for the price?
1,flickers after a few months
1,Lights looked promising and worked well, but housing is cheap pot metal and the screws holding together stripped out so it just fell apart. Bummer.
1,I've done endless reviews on car shampoo and decided that give this Adams a try with my foam gun.  I was expecting it to produce more suds than I thought.. I tried adding more of the shampoo and still not enough suds as I thought, so I'm going back to the Meguiars Gold because that one gets me there with suds.
1,this broke after a year to 2 tops not even close to OEM quality
1,Dear AMZ, Could you please remove this filter that you say fits a 2007 toyota tacoma. I got this filter 3 years ago and it did not fit even close. I returned it then and I see other people in the reviews are fustrated too.  The filter that fits is a angled oblong type with 4 corners. Fram brand,  Please remove this item for the list of filter that you say fit. thaks Iron brian
1,I found the machining such that I wasn't able to screw the caps all the way on my valve stems so I'm not confident of an air-tight seal.
1,As the other reviewers have stated, these overheat. I even took the extra step to adhere these LEDs using artic silver thermal adhesive to a 3/4 aluminum square tube (that runs the entire length of the LED) and they (LED and Heatsink) still are too hot to touch.		These could work for the hobbyist, but they do not belong on an automobile (at least not with heat dissipating provisions).
1,It's a knock off part.  I ordered 2 of them and both were made in Korea.  I contacted Timken about it and they said to send it back and only order from authorized Timken dealers.
1,Don't fit standard travel trailer bumper too small
1,Poor quality, sent wrong part for my "06" Sequoia. By sending wrong part I decided to purchase the K&N equivalent and I'm quite pleased!
1,Doesn't fit ford 350. Too small on back floor mats. Front one fits only. Doesn't even go all the way across back area
1,Very hard to use, Did not work as hoped. Would return it if it were still within the time allowed to return it.
1,Nice packaging, shipped in a good condition.	The thing is that it doesn't fit my Hyundai Tucson 2012, Very disappointed.
1,Did not fit my 2011 dodge nitro like it said, but going to keep it for my truck that it will fit
1,Very dim. I used them as backup lights and it didn't even look like they came on.
1,I like the look of the product, but just a few months in (had it on 9 months or so) the outer edges have started to bubble with rust underneath. It was a really good price, so I guess I should have been suspicious....oh well. Guess I'll just have to go w/ higher quality and hope it lasts.
1,If I could give it less of a star in would when I took the battery out of the box it fell apart it wasn't charged it wouldn't take or hold a charge so I contacted the company about returning it and have gotten nothing but the run around from the start I ordered another battery from a different company and it is great
1,Bought a pair of these lights and had them installed on my diesel pusher motorhome to replace the old fog/running lights.  They were installed in July/2017 and within 3 months one of the lenses developed some type of hole allowing water inside of the light which totally trashed the circuit board.  If you're going to buy/use these lights in the elements, I suggest running a bead of silicone around the edge where the clear lens fits into the black frame.
1,Didn't last very long... Gonna buy from the store instead, the scent lasted longer.
1,adhesive to apply these things sucks.  On a Monaco, when you close the slides it pushes these things almost off.
1,I had to send it back as it did not work for my set up.
1,Good quality parts but be aware the package Does not contain the required Flex Washer (Anti rattle washer) that installs in between the Nut & retainer, it is required to keep the retainer from making an annoying rattle as you drive.
1,The sealant part of this is very misleading.  Sealants are known to protect for 6+ months, in the city of Philadelphia with high pollen this stuff does not protect more than a few weeks.
1,I have a 1998 Lexus LS 400 and I ordered this pulley because it came up in the search results and it said it was compatible with my vehicle. Plus a reviewer with a 1999 LS 400 said it fit. Technically it does fit but the crucial part in my mind id that it does not have the extra slot in the back of the pulley that is cut out in the bearing. This is important because that female slot sits on a male part where you screw the bolt to the engine. This prevents ANY movement of the pulley when it is bolted on. You could just bolt this pulley on but I don't know how long it would last before it possibly backs the bolt out of the pulley so use at your own risk. I will try to upload pics of exactly what I'm talking about as soon as I figure out how to do it.
1,Had these installed on an RX330 for 1.5 years and both failed.  Need to reorder from a different Vendor.  Not recommended.
1,I had to scrap the regulator part and just use the motor because it was bent. The bracket popped loudly when raised and lowered. I didn't have time to send it back for another one so I just used the motor and it turned out fine.
1,Does NOT fit 2014 Camry.  Both Amazon and Fram list this as the direct fit, but it's too thick and the cover cannot close with this poorly designed and represented product.  After reading the many similar reviews a little too late, it appears that this fit issue has been reported for quite some time.  Disappointed that Amazon continues to sell this product as represented.  Very disappointed in Fram for manufacturing this product, as I have been a very satisfied Fram customer for decades.  Will be more cautious in the future.
1,Photos show a cover with the Jeep logo on both sides. Cover I received was exactly like the one I was trying to replace, with a logo on one side. It also fits as badly as my original. Returning this with prejudice...
1,Mine was DOA.  I tested it extensively with a multimeter to make sure it wasn't some other issue.  Even the included fuse was good - it seems the cable itself might have a short between positive and negative.  Also, the plug was an *extremely* tight fit in any of my '04 F150's sockets.		Having said that, the cable actually felt like quality when I handled it.  It just feels substantial and not at all cheaply put-together.  I'm returning to Amazon the one I received, but I think I may buy another to give it a second chance.		I originally bought this as a master shut-off because my truck's 12V sockets are all constant on, which is worrisome even though the truck's manual says there's a battery saver feature that will cut the socket power if the battery dips too low.  Rather than chance it, I wanted to be able to manually connect and disconnect my 12V devices with one switch rather than having to repeatedly plug and unplug their power cables.
1,Granted, after 13 years of use, that outdoor fan blade was not going to come easily off the shaft. But I followed the directions, put in the center punch and tightened the four external screws such that the pusher screw was centered before applying pressure to the pusher screw. The puller then slipped off the hub twice, and as I applied more pressure to the four holding screws, they deformed and finally stripped. The photo shows the mushrooming of the screw around the hub.  This is basically harbor freight quality gear.		So I removed the blade the old fashioned way (which works great if you merely want to salvage the fan blade). Cut the shaft (metal sawzall) between the motor and the fan blade hub. Then mounted a 3/4  pipe vertically in my vise.  Since no shaft was showing beyond the fan hub, no need to sand anything sticking beyond the hub.  Then put the fan shaft into the pipe and whacked the shaft with a punch from above. 3 minutes later, I was done, much less time than I struggled with this tool.		So, this blade puller may very well work on indoor squirrel fan assemblies where corrosion is minimal compared to an outdoor unit.  But based on my limited experience, this puller has upgrade potential, starting with the use of higher strength steel. The screws do not seem to be designed to "bite" into the collar they are supposed to secure. Tool steel would likely do a better job, especially if it was pointed. Thus, Heavy Duty is not something I would associate with this kit.		Also, anyone following in my footsteps: consider putting anti seize on the next fan motor shaft before inserting it into the fan blade hub. Then seal from above with heavy grease. Hopefully, keep the water out and hence make the next removal a lot easier. I've also attached a picture of the shaft I removed. As I noted above, there was no shaft showing beyond the hub, so what you see is what was covered by the blade hub and above (i.e. towards the motor).		The shaft is not even 100% corroded. There is only some rust around the part of the "D"-shaped shaft where water was able to drip down between the shaft and the collar. If that had been sealed from above (grease, bitumen, whatever) then this likely would have been clean as well. The shiny part of the shaft was not retouched, sanded, etc. This is what it looked like on removal.
1,Junk. Worked when installed in rear passenger door on Liberty. Rarely used, but failed after 10 months. I may have given it a positive review shortly after the purchase, but the true test of its quality is in how long it lasted - junk.
1,Used this to cover flat rustoleum. Was just as bad. Doesn't use the blue tip the other vht paints use which all lay down beautifully. Waste of money.
1,Does not hold up long, and definitely isn't waterproof! Water resistant but not waterproof especially when driving during a downpour.	After one season, the outside started cracking. I used it on two long trips and after one year it is now in the garbage. Get a good hard side and be done with the frustration. Plus it has marred the finish on the vehicle's top and the clear coat is damaged beyond simple waxing or buffing to repair the damage to the roof area. The straps became frayed by the wind and were useless after one 800 mile trip both ways. Do not waste your money on this product.
1,Don't waste your money on this product.. extremely thin and badly made,  you will wait for it from China for weeks and weeks .. just go to your local ski or snowmobile shop and pick one up .. You'll be better off..
1,Product was somewhat dry
1,These are a great idea, but pure junk. They do not grip the wire good enough for a lasting connection and they are made of a material that breaks very easy.
1,Defective.  I had to tear my entire electrical system (which I had just replaced) completely apart to find the short.  This was the last possibility and it was the problem.  Unfortunately, my time invested in diagnosis took me past the return date for this defective item so I am out $11 and about 20 hours of labor, some of which is pretty unpleasant to redo.  I guess if your are going to buy this, you should test if before installing, like the manufacturer didn't.
1,Barely any whiter than stock headlights.  Save your money and buy hids or leds. I purchased these for my high beams to complete the look of all white lights.  I put leds in the low beams and fog lights. I put one of these bulbs in to compare to the stock high beam bulb. It's barely just a bit whiter, but compared to my leds bulbs it's still yellowish. .		2014 toyota 4runner
1,Buyer beware.  Overall this ladder is a very poor design.  If you don't have anything to cut metal, a drill, bandages, and a lot of patience I will guarantee you will have a headache.  A very poor design.  The steps are supposed to be 12 inches apart and based on the pictures they are.  It's not because the area you are supposed to cut is at the hinge.  There was a picture here on Amazon where the ladder broke.  I can believe that just by how its designed.  Instead of cutting the middle, there should be expandable rods at the roof line.  The ladder mounted looks sturdy but I'm nervous about climbing it based on the design.
1,It is hard to put on the steering wheel and it is still looks not as good as a factory leather. I would better buy a regular cover without a needle and a string.
1,Well, I ordered a few of these to replace some from oddly enough, Meguiars.... They're made in China... OF COURSE. WELL, LONG STORY SHORT, great towels!!!!! But the edge material came apart at the first use. We hadn't even laundered these yet.... Just be ready to return em for replacement. They're glad to help... As they want you to co e back!
1,ok first off. Despite all the confidence the seller and other sellers from different site have about the product fitting the Honda CRF105R. they will NOT FIT.... After trying multiple times to thread the bleeder in correctly, I realize that the issue isn't the thread depth or correct thread for the for the front forks. The problem is the thickness of the thickest part of the bleeder itself. There is a U shape or semi circle cut out of the top of the fork for the OEM bleeder screw. This is where the product does not fit. The aftermarket bleeder hits the U shape cut out and tries to cross thread as well as the bleeder itself starts to cut into the U shape portion of the fork.. THIS PRODUCT WILL NOT FIT LIKE THE OEM BLEEDER. FABRICATION -- ( *GRINDING* OUT THE U SHAPE TO A LARGER DIAMETER ) JUST TO FIT THE PRODUCT. Then after trying to make it work thinking it was just a tight tolerance, I proceeded to tighten more and more thinking it would eventually seat with a little rubbing. I was wrong...		I work on cars for a living. I know the tricks in the trade. I work of my own bike every week.		Needless to say I was very disappointed in this.. No one wants to grind of their bike to fit a $13 bleeder screw.		MY BIKE: 2007 Honda CRF150R
1,Its kinda clunky and its hard to close it sometimes, after you pull it out of the bag is impossible to put it back in. It didn't fit my honda civic 07 correctly as there were huge spots where light was going in, I'm going to say is not a bad product it was just not for me I guess.
1,I've been using this helmet for over a year now and a few things I'd like to get out there about the thing. It is massively bulky for starters. Aside from that it is not constructed very well in regards to the visor. All three grommets holding the visor in place are falling apart meaning keeping it on the helmet is not possible. For the price, you can't go wrong but be advised it is not made for the long haul and looks a bit large on most people.
1,the tool spun in the handle pretty much on first use.
1,Ordered a couple bottle of this product thinking that it will stop the engine oil leak from my car and steering fluid leak. I was so totally wrong and made the leak even worst. There's no magic with this reseal stop leaks. Waste of my hard earn money.
1,got it for my q7 did not work as expected
1,I bought this for a 2012 Toyota Sienna. Installing was easy. Cleaning it does not. The top half of the rear  window gets partly cleaned and the blade doesn't even touch the lower half. Haven't had this issue with other rear wipers and I changed them every 9 months.
1,This battery has not properly held a charge (the battery in which I received was over two years old), it was charged on a 2Amp slow car battery charger for 24  hours prior to installation and installed in a car with a less then 1 year old high output alternator, and starter. I drove the car for two days and on the second day I had to get a JUMP start because the battery was not producing the proper voltage. My mechanic checked for parasitic drains and bad grounding but found nothing; all electrical operation performs normal except the battery, after 24 or so it  will not turn my car over.  I am very disappointed in this order as OPTI Red Top battery should be able to charge and leave for over 2-3 weeks with out another charge and still operate fine, as that is the push for a RED TOP!		On top of this Amazon has issues in the return of this item because it's a battery and has "Restrictions" when shipping....	So you have to contact costumer service for "HELP" instead of just sending the battery back and getting your money back! VERY VERY VERY DISAPPOINTING, I THOUGHT SINCE ALL NEG REVIEWS WERE OLD I WOULD BE ALRIGHT. NEXT TIME I WILL PAY THE EXTRA 30 IN STORE!		I will upload pictures I took when boxing the battery tonight		2/18/2015		Amazon emailed me right away to refund my money on this dead battery. The experience sucked but at least I can go get a NEW battery from a regular store!
1,This may look cool, but by no means will it receive a signal unless you are parked next to the Radio tower. nothing but a chunk of brass, and some fittings, but no antenna!
1,Get the metal version.
1,Great price, but after less than 2000 miles the rotors warped. Placed old rotors back on to correct and contacted company. They had no interest in correcting the issue but reasons why it could of happened. Funny  part is the old rotors work just fine. I will not use this company again.
1,Heavy duty.  Connection are of good quality and fit well.  Only problem is the handle broke the first time I used it.  Because I bought it in the spring and didn't use it until May it was considered too late to return.  I certainly don't agree with that.
1,Bought to replace my stock one which I thought was causing issues.  Turns out it was not my stock switch and I'm thankful for that, as this replacement was physically bigger and did not sit properly.  It was bought for 2002 F150 Supercrew.
1,Looks to be sturdy, but it was supposed to be a pair, it was only one, so I sent it back.  Quality is good, but pricey.
1,The brake pads on my VTX were due for replacement.  I read over the reviews on these brake pads, and decided to purchase them for my motorcycle.  The brake pads fit perfectly on my 1300R, and have a lot of stopping power.		UPDATE DECEMBER 2014:  The pads wore out after only around 8,000 miles.  Not only that but they scored my rotor pretty badly, and there was no indication that the brakes had worn down until it was too late, and the damage was done.  Will only buy OEM in the future.
1,i took a pair 19'' and 26'' for my Prius , i used a tights to fix them because there is no adapters included for my car	i'm really disappointed
1,Description said they would fit my car but they didn't.
1,I wear boots while I ride and these are way too small. I can't fit them over my boots easily. Getting them off is a chore. I ordered larger than my shoe size but still didn't fit well. Gave them to a riding buddy who had smaller boots. He threw them away after one rain storm...
1,The idea is excellent and I also managed to do the brake job but please be very careful when using this product. If under pressure it does not really seal. It always leaks a bit of brake fluid from the hose. I have done everything as described. I am an experienced mechanic. I have used this product as described in the manual but it failed my expectations. Brake fluid is a very aggressive fluid and if it leaks into your engine compartments due to a design flaw it needs to be redesigned or taken of the market. I will do the brake fluid change when due next the old fashioned way of just pumping the brakes. I know that I need about 200-250ML from every brake cylinder for a complete flush so that should be easy as well. Just intended this product to make it easier which it did not and left a bad feeling since brake fluid was leaking.
1,I bought this charger and used it twice in 6 months and then it failed. Not only have I not had good experiences with this unit, it is my 4th Schmacher charger and they have all died early deaths. These were kept in a garage, used occasionally, and not mistreated or handled roughly.  Schmacher has such a huge presence in the market it is tough to escape them. I just wish they made a better quality product that doesn't fail or develop problems so quickly.
1,This is a terrible, low quality product. Half of the LEDs have begun flashing as if they're going out. The pictures are misleading. They show a beautiful, white light when what you get is a blue cast LED light that is hard to see in. The worst of all is the rear cargo area light didn't work, and in face broke that light housing (I forced it like I shouldn't have so technically I broke it) but that part costs more to replace than the entire kit costs. Save yourself frustration, time, and money and go with a more expensive, higher quality kit.
1,Don't buy
1,I couldn't get this over a 2 inch ball
1,Cheaply made.  Instructions in some Asian language, ONLY.  I can't use it because there is not enough room between my seat and the door. Also, be aware that this thing is small.  It might hold a couple of receipts and a tissue or two, but that is all.  Save your money.
1,Really disappointed with this one. The fit is very loose on my 14 Toyota Camry with a noticeable amount of play when it should be snug. With minimal pressure, just using my hands, it gets wedged and stuck on the housing. It still works but is a real pain in the butt to release it after either tightening or loosening the housing. I can't get this to release without using a flat head screwdriver to tap it off.  I've never returned anything from Amazon but I'll be returning this.
1,Well ordered wrong size
1,This doesn't even come close to the color of my John Deere 510C.	It's a equipment yellow.  Good match for the local school bus.	Waste of my money.
1,listed as a medium but is a small---sent it back
1,Junk. The stitching that was already on the cover came out. So it immediately feel appart. And shipping took like 3 weeks before i got it.
1,Does not fit as well as factory there is a bigger gap between the light and body, for some reason they do not let as much light through as the originals. May return them and just get Mopar parts.
1,I ordered theses and they look terrible did not use this product on my car...
1,worked for maybe three days then the oder came back. I used an over the counter product with bleach that did the trick.
1,EHHH
1,Blade screech's,  very cheaply made..
1,I bought these same bulbs from my job. They are junk. I thought I had a wiring problem with these bulbs installed resistors and all. If you car wasn't setup foe LED bulbs don't use em you will have problems you don't want. I still don't know yet if im out of the woods yet hope it didn't hurt my vehicle at all electricity.
1,I purchased this OBD2 adapter to use with Torque and ForScan to pull codes from a 2002 Ford F150. I was able to pair the code reader to my phone but i was not able to connect to the vehicle. After attempting to connect to the truck for better then two hours I decided to pull out my old faithful (a bluetooth elm327 I purchased from Amazon 2 years ago) and connected to the truck right away. After I confirmed that there was no problem with communication from the truck and from my phone I tested this unit again with the same results. I have only attempted to connect to this one vehicle so i am unable to comment on unit functionality on other vehicles but this was the vehicle I had purchased it for and it is included in the list of compatible vehicles that are listed in the product description. I am giving a 2 star review since I was able to connect to the unit and I was able to test the supported protocols of this unit and from the list supplied by this device it should work on some vehicles it just dose not support ALL OBD-II protocols as it claims in the product description.		Full Disclosure: This item was supplied to me for free or a reduced cost by the seller to use and evaluate it for their customers. I was not told what to write, nor was I asked to give it a certain rating, nor was I influenced by any party. I don't remove a negative or lower star review at the sellers request, nor will I hold back from posting a 1, 2 or 3 star rating if I find that the item deserves it. I do however reserve the right to modify my review at any time, if during the use of the product the quality or usability changes. My words and the rating I provided are my own and are based on my own personal experience with this item..
1,The wire seems to be under sized,easily fits into connectors 16-14 gauge wire and is loose in 12-10 gauge wire connectors. Insulation is really thick witch gives it appearance of a thicker wire
1,This wasn't one of 3Ms better tapes.  It shredded as you unrolled it and doesn't have much sticking power.  Tried it on paper, metal and even taping it on itself!  I use tape on a lot of paint projects and this was the worst of the 3M products that I have used.
1,No LOUD at all.
1,What a fricken waste of good money.		With zero instructions and no mention of Satellite interference, I am pissed.		After installing it (it does look good), I found that I had zero satellite reception.		I tried removing it but now the glue tape is holding fast. I don't want to break the damn thing, so now what?
1,For a tail bag at this price I expected the workmanship to be top class. Out of the box, the right inside strap was loose because a rivet/snap had broken off. Not sure if the integrity of the bag when strapped down will be compromised because of that detached snap.
1,These looked great and came with the bolts to install and very clear instructions. The problem is that they when placed in the shock the bolt holes do not line up, they're only off less than half the hole width when sitting tight and square in the shock but still enough they won't bolt up. They fit fine over the lower control arm, just to talk to fit in the shock base.	Would not buy again.
1,connectors will not stay together, very poor quality
1,This is nowhere near as supple as the picture on the box would have you believe.  In fact, it's about as rough as the stock steering wheel that I wanted to cover up.  I'll be returning this product.		At least I found out I don't like it before I installed it.
1,NOT WHITE LIKE CAP!
1,This product won't work for the dark gray bumpers and door guards of the Grand Cherokee Laredo WJ (99-03). I followed perfectly all the instructions and this ruined my Grand Cherokee's rear bumper. Works great ONLY on Black trims.
1,Be absolutely sure this is the EXACT part for your EXACT toilet. I have changed valves on three Thetford Aqua Magic IV toilets so I'm far from a pro but not a novice either.		This valve looked nor fit nothing like the ones I have changed. And it didn't fit on my trailer toilet.		Instead of risking 300 miles of driving and finding out this doesn't fit, pull your old one and take it to Camping World or some other brick and mortar store who can match it up with the right replacement part.		It's been over 2 months since I bought this so I doubt a return can be requested. I bought it when I diagnosed the leak and delayed installation until I had help (I had surgery and am not supposed to get into the positions necessary for this repair).		So now I'm stuck with an overly expensive toilet seal (the only piece I can use) and a bag of frustration.
1,not useable on a 2016 ford  F350
1,This is my second pair of mats ordered from amazon that are extremely dirty. There is a dirty brown SHOE PRINT on one mat and the other mat has brown dirt all over it. I even tried cleaning it (which I shouldn't have to if they are supposedly "new") but the brown stains are not completely coming off. What a hassle to return items that I just ordered because they are clearly NOT new.
1,This product did not work as I expected I thought it would be a lot better quality seems to not work as they say it is it hardly gives any protection or barrier I will definitely would not recommend this product
1,Incredible overpriced and still make noise.  Had to remove the front one because it whistled enough to bother my wife
1,Terrible quality
1,They broke shortly after I received them.
1,wrong ones would not work on my vehicle.
1,Cheap, very light weight cover. Basically will keep the dust off the seat and tank for a year or two until the sun degrades the fabric and then it will tear and end up in the landfill. Why bother. It amazes me some of the reviews people write which is why I always weight the negative ones first. My wife had to see the back of the cover year two and my Triumph sat on the porch.
1,Nothing works, and I tried every unit. I spent an hour trying to get these to work.	Don't waste your money. No instructions included. Sad says just to screw them in -what a joke.	I'm furious, I hate getting ripped off.  $&#%^$ !!
1,I may have been really lucky, and received some defective pair. One bulb is flickering. I have the same models on the tail marker of my car, and I never had issues with them from the start. They are bright.
1,I ordered this as it said it would fit my car and it didn't as one end leaked like crazy.  This was a big disappointment and there is not way I can return it as it smells like gas because I installed it and started the car and it leaked.  Checked with Ford and they said I needed another filter.
1,I had this seat cover in the car for one summer and the sun destroyed the weave part. It fell apart like straw. The only thing left was the wood beads and the fishing line. The beads are not wide or long enough to cool you off.
1,After having used the car polish on a red 2010 Toyota Corolla, the results where less than spectacular.  I was looking for something to take care of minor scratches around the door handles and some deeper ones that exposed the base coat.  It did neither.  The wax did not erase or hide any of the scratches to the paint.  It did shine the finish, but any car wax product could have done the same.  I even re-applied for a second and third coat in some area's to see if that would improve the performance of the wax, but no go.  Mostly what this did was turn my buffing cloth red.  I applied and buffed out by hand, so your mileage may vary with a electric buffer.		If you give this product a try ensure you have plastic/rubber gloves for you hands as it will stain, though it washed off with mild soap.
1,I would give minus star, If I could. You get piece of leather piece not even cut shape of the arm rest. You have to cut it to match. You will not get the piece in the pic which shown in reviews. It is thicker material and hard to work on it. Waste of money!
1,Bought one of the solid fold covers for my Nissan. First on leaked. So did the second, third and forth one. Finally got the redesigned 2.0. This one leaked the worst. Extang just stalls and stalls and won't give me my money back so I can get a cover that doesn't leak from another company. Don't waste your money on this product.
1,Disappointed in the condition the product arrived in.  Paint is cheap, scuffed from travelling in the box it was packaged in, and easily scraped away by a fingernail.  A couple of small dents, but nothing major.  I'm going to use it, because it was inexpensive, but at least in terms of fit and finish... you get what you pay for.		Otherwise, looks good... welds are quality, and the unit is solid overall.  Interesting spiral-louver pattern internally.  Will update on sound once installed.
1,Im a little disappointed, been using Power Stop products for at least 8 years now and never had a problem out of them. Purchased this break set less than a year ago(11/22/16) and they're warped just from daily driving by my wife, she never drives aggressively or breaks hard. Ive recommended to all of my friends for upgrades on their vehicles, guess I shouldve invested in a better rotor. You get what you pay for.
1,Only 1 worked
1,It doesn't block dust, certainly it doesn't help in rain or mist and all it really seems to do is flap around while riding my bike.  Wish I hadn't bought it.  Did I mention that a lot of BS gang members wear one now, so you look like you're from the "hood" and should be flashing gang signs.  Oh year, don't wear one anywhere near a gas station because they'll think you're there to rob the place and shoot you while calling the cops to come and pick up your body.
1,Doesn't stick well enough. Peels off by itself in cold weather after a few days.
1,Did not work for my purpose.
1,not as the picture .. does not come with the black part at the end
1,Bought these to replace worn out Polaris ones. They seemed an okay quality, but they had no grease hole to grease it once installed. I went ahead and installed them because I needed my machine. I'll update later on how were they lasted.
1,Really didn't stay in place.
1,Product is not lasting or wearing well.
1,There are two parts to this product - the ceiling mounted laser, and an AC adaptor. If you have a Chamberlain opener (as you probably do if you selected this product, which is intended for Chamberlain), you're supposed to just throw away the adaptor.  Probably half the $20 cost of the product is in that adaptor. So yes, half of that $20 goes right in the trash, as e-waste.		The ceiling unit mounts over your car, so unless you have some sort of scaffolding in your garage, you'll be aiming it by batting it with a broom handle, knocking the spot 6 location inches this way and that, because the ball socket is too stiff. As you do so, be very careful not to snap off the extremely flimsy little plastic arm that holds the laser.		It does succeed in putting a very tiny blinking red dot on the dash.
1,This is supposed to work on OBD1 vehicles. It doesn't work on any of mine. On OBDII the data is not very usable. I think it's just freeze frame data and not live. I primarily got this to be able to look at data on OBDI. I could have gotten just an OBDII unit cheaper, but I didn't need another one of those. A $50 code reader will replace this and I have those already. I am familiar with scanners and run a repair shop. I realize this isn't a high end scanner, but it doesn't do what it's supposed to do and there are plenty of scanners/code readers that will do what this one does for less money.
1,Poor quality product.  Worst undercoat I have ever used.  Sprays runny, drips, ends up all over can, hands etc.  DON"T BUY  The cheap stuff for under three dollars at Walmart works better.
1,Too bad the one we got had an air leak. Otherwise the feel was good. Also realized the smallest demarkation is for 5 lbs. which is logical since it goes up to 200 lbs full scale. So not much granularity if you are just reading tire pressures ranging from 0-60 lbs and want to see down to 1 lb. granularity. Maybe for tires with pressure in the 120-150 lb range it would be more practical.
1,Completely different style and size then OEM sway bar links I would not recommend.  They actually seem smaller and lower quality. After installing them i then removed, threw in the garbage, and put an OEM set back on.
1,Lets be clear..Their CFM ratings are WAY off, based on the amount of amps these pull.  I have been running one of these fans for about 9 months and have had overheating issues, mainly in the summer.  I never pinned it down to this fan but after testing out this fan vs my OEM fan this fan simply cannot keep up.  The difference with this fan vs my OEM was night and day the OEM fan/shroud was much more powerful.  The only reason I had to replace my passenger side OEM fan with this slim fan is because after my lift I had to drop my engine a bit and the OEM fan did not fit properly.  I am getting rid of this and purchasing a high quality fan by Derale.  Save your money do not buy this fan especially if you live in hot climates. I guess its worth taking the chance for $30 but I did not have very good luck with it.
1,I didn't thoroughly inspect the parts before installing. But noticed it had a crack right in the middle of the visor in one of the visor. (Front driver side).
1,Ok for you to sell your car dose not match in size to original shocks or ride or load handling , not good on or poor roads too much bounce over rail road tracks, Buy Monroe heavy duty truck shocks, 1 3/8 .
1,Didn't produce the extra light that I was hoping for.
1,Bought two sets for GMC sierra DRLs. Both sets fell apart within days of installation. Returned for refund and would not recommend to anyone.
1,Looks great, anything but Satellite radio, the reception is POOR!
1,initially this corrected the issue i had with my hi-beams staying on all the time, even with the ignition off.  after about 2mo, however, the timer failed again and i'm back to square one.  not sure if i can return at this point or not.
1,Didn't do good with lowering swr
1,Roars like Hell!!!! Bit of a vibration. I'll be getting another tire.
1,Not too sturdy. One tore the day I got it, but i was able to return with ease.
1,its didn't end up working for my spare tire. Waste of $
1,Plastic is of lower quality than original and the movement of switch is not as refined.		Did notice that on mine the pin numbers are reversed... had to rely on original to ensure added circuits (Fog front, Fog rear, TFL) were added to proper pins on harness.		UPDATE: Switch broke and came apart 90 days later, like less that 40 days use!		Does the job well enough, especially for the cost.
1,Quite for about 2 to 3 weeks. Amazon replaced and had the same issue. Torque specs used was 90lbs to ea. of the 3 hub bolts. 125 lbs ea. for the 2 caliper bolts. 185lb for the axle nut.	Moog is top notch parts. I don't know what happened with the 2 that I received, I torqued to the correct specs each time. Buying a Timkin.	Amazon Customer Service helped me get the new part each time quickly. 5 stars for them.
1,Cheap and thin metal....
1,Rotors showed up with groove marks like they had been dropped. Installed anyways to check the quality and after 200mi they began to squeak. Also, the stopping power of the Pads was not the best so I am returning.
1,Plastic... Look nice
1,The pressure release valve was missing so the product is useless but the cost is too low to hassle with returning or exchanging it.  The bezel is loose and rattles.  I blame myself for buying this piece knowing it was made in China.
1,DOESN'T FIT 2014 SAHARA
1,Damn near set my truck on fire with these....Didn't work in ANY direction!!
1,Said it was rated for 75 amps for 5 mins, I did a 20 amp draw for 7 mins and this thing stopped working in both directions, got very hot to the touch, then started working again once it cooled down. I wasn't able to remove it time for a refund. It does work just not as described.
1,Had to solder my old one, new one no effect on start up.
1,These are complete garbage and the LED as many others have said is actually a super dim incandescent bulb. Mine lights up so dim that you can hardly even see it at night, which is sad.		Update:	I finally got around to using more of them and about 30% of them don't even flip, they're stuck. The ones that do work, as others have noted, get SO hot from the stupid bulb inside that it makes you think the switch is about to melt. Doesn't matter if you have a load on them or not. Also the plastic is inconsistent. Sometimes one switch will barely fit into a hole I made for it while the same exact switch with no obvious physical deformities just won't fit no matter how hard you try.
1,The idea of a shade that mounts on the door window sill is great. How this one mounts is poor! The tabs that slip into the window seal are no where near long enough for today's vehicles. The shade will not 'mount' at all really. When it DOES stay in place it is great. The shade rolls up and down with the window as it should. For me, I'm still looking for a better version.		Update 10/30/14- Reduced rating to one star. Finally had to throw it away!! Simply would NOT stay clipped to the sill! Those plastic tabs definitely must be longer and the hinges MUST lock so that they don't fold up when installing into the window seal!! Again, great idea- VERY POOR execution!!!!!! Wasted 15 bucks on this one. Won't happen again- never another Brica product!!
1,Did nothing for performance plug Head burnt out with in 200 Miles trash
1,the hole for the pin was drilled the wrong way. it was drilled out for the  pin to go in from the top or bottom, not through the side like it should have been. buy carefully, much better products on the market. spend the extra money and get a good product
1,They Worked for me a little while, then either fully burnedout or they constantly Flickr which caused me to be pulled over and cited for impersonation of the law inforcement. I have given a few of my family and friends the lights and 2 to 3 weeks or more, of all the I  installed  they are Flickr
1,Seems hoaky to me, it's two pieces with a lump of wires that come out in the center not at an end. Not really sure it works correctly bench tested left turn and every light flashes. Probably needs an inline control for LEDs, you won't be happy with this its just not laid out good, I wanted the sequential turns in red but guess it's not to be with this thing MAYBE
1,They work great unless you put something heavy against them...like a trailer!  Spend the extra money and buy heavier ones.
1,Cheap plastic housing.  Does not fit correctly on 2016 Jeep Wrangler. And while trying snap it in.  The plastic clips on bulb broke.  Waste of money.
1,Used on 2012 RAM 1500 ball stud kept pulling out of tailgate horrible installation instructions and bad design IMO.
1,These are cheaply made mirrors. The lens is distorted and the aluminum adapters included to attach it to the inside of the handlebar do not fit, nor will it tighten enough to secure it inside the handle bar. I tried them on a 7/8 standard bar and gave up. Don't buy these, there's better out there for a little more money.
1,Less than 6 months and it's already broken. It doesn't come on unless you jiggle or play with it for 20-40 minutes and if it feels like it, it may turn on. It's the switch and not the relays or the wires. i run it into my cabin via the firewall, jiggling with it can make it work in a bluemoon. Unfortunately, I need something reliable. I bought the LED light bar from Auxbeam but their switch is horrible.
1,Doesn't fit my 2000 540i BMW.
1,There small.  So small they will not work properly with most HUD's.  There size is 3 X 4".  I DO NOT recommend this item to my family and friends.
1,The lock looks nice.  I like the black powder coat.  Unfortunately, it does not fit an 07'+ Toyota Tundra's OEM hitch.  I wish it would.  I need it to be about a quarter of an inch longer.
1,Not dependable, on two recent trips it misled me. One time it would have put me going the opposite direction and on the other time it was not accurate on the location of a restaurant
1,Worst wiper I've ever owned. The second a snowflake hits them or frost gets on them the curl of the windshield. I do not recommend these wipers.
1,Didn't fit.
1,the block is not good .will not  buy from this co. any more
1,Cracked after only a few weeks of use, have to order another one
1,These do not fit 5/16 fuel lines, they are too small on the barb portion.
1,Fits but looks really bulky
1,Overpriced, all it is , is polishing compound , and rubbing compound.
1,Does NOT fit a 94-96 Buick Roadmaster
1,Easy to install, but two major drawbacks:  1) They whistle at speeds above 35mph because the shape isn't aerodynamic;  2) the plastic wheel has to be tight tight TIGHT to keep the mirror from moving when it's brushed against
1,Well I finally figured out the problem. I orefered the right TPMS but was sent part number F2GT-1A180-AB. These will only work on European cars and NOT US! Had to pay to take tires off and buy and install the right TPMS sensors. Not worth the aggreavation dealing with this seller. All I got from them s check YouTube on how to set them. Use the learn tool. Well if they are the wrong part number it dissent matter what unit do they WONT WORK!	Brought car to shop today and they scan till doesnt even recognize the sensors!	I should have just ordered the complete set with learn tool from Ford for $169 instead of buying these. These must be defective. Regardless I will have to pay for tire removal and remount to change these. Stick with buying directly from Ford.	Holly crap! Again today my dash TPMS light came on after about 25 mikes and no psi readings on dash display. Looks like I need the calibration tool despite these saying are self learning. I should have just bought the new with the cal tool from the beginning. Last time I'm buying these.		Back to 5 stars for this seller. After 89 miles of driving they finally learned and work as advertised. So in my case it took a while for them to be recognized by the computer. I highly recommend these since you do not need to purchase a learning tool.	Revising my original post. I put my new tires and wheels on my 2016 Mustang and these sensors were fine the first  25 miles. Then the dash TPMS light came on. I switched to my TPMS dash display and it should no psi readings at any tires. Got to work let car sit for 9 hrs. Got to go home and same. Ordered these because it says self learning. Contacted seller today asking what the issue could be. I'll update my review once I hear back.  Original Ford parts at a great price!
1,Good idea, bad design.		The screw holes are in such a place that it's really hard to get to them. There should be a slot to allow access to the holes.
1,Did ok for about a week
1,According to the product description, this key fob should work for my 2009 Ford Expedition with keyless entry. But even after dozens of trials, nothing happened. Either the programming instruction was incorrect, or this key does not work for Expedition
1,Assembly makes bar feel loose when in place. They need to make another position fine adjustment for that in between adjustment.
1,Used it a couple of times successfully. Then next use the fold at the end opened up partially, but I was able to bend it back into place and use it again. But then yesterday I used it and the whole bottom of the tool opened up. I plan on contacting Lisle to see whether these are warrantied. I bought the tool only two months ago.
1,Poor coverage.  Sizing a little off and doesn't work well on passenger side where trying to cover up writing on mirror.
1,Drivers side rotor was 15 thousandths thicker than the passenger side. Passenger side went on smooth. Ended up just turning my OEM rotors since they were ok and just putting them back on. Guess Power stop doesn't have a Quality department to check their product before it ships! Buy with caution!
1,Very disappointed. It's not like the box in the picture. I need a box with places for the cables to come out on all four corners (8 exits in all) like it shows in the picture. The one in the picture looks exactly like the old one I already have and I needed another one like it. But the one that was delivered has the places for the cables only on the front side, none on the back side. And it has vent holes on the top which are not shown in the picture. If I wanted one with the cable exits only on the front, I could have bought a Camco or some other brand for half the price. This one is not as pictured and not worth the price.
1,Cheap plastic.
1,This stuff makes the top look like new. I was really impressed with it when I applied it before storing my 2012 soft top for winter. It gives it that brand new, out-of-box look. However, when you wash the top, the protectant bleeds down on to the body and windows. It stains the soft top windows (and even the glass windows) really badly. It takes a lot of effort to remove the stains.
1,Ordered twice the regular length version and twice received the long version.  As another poster noted, the area on the packaging that notes the model type is crossed out with a sharpie.
1,Will NOT work on my car  This item isn't eligible for return. !!
1,the pockets are smart but the straps broke when I tried to install it
1,The exhaust itself sounds good. However, the knocking and rattling from the poor fitment is ridiculous! They definitely didn't test this on any Scion Tc. Where it's connects to the S pipe it hits the sway bar. The tighter you get the bolts the more it forces it into your sway bar. Then it hangs low and hits what looks to be a support right after the resonator. And to top it off because you can't leave out one piece of the exhaust from hitting. The rear section that wraps under the rear axle it's slammed up against it. I though hey it won't be that bad to get a 100 dollar axle back..... what a waste of money! Get a tsudo or something better. This things junk. I'm going to try and bend hangers to give it some relief, but I literally have to hang my whole body weight in some spots to get the exhaust to not touch and push with all my might on others!
1,Cheap crap do not buy dipyourcar products all their stuff is constantly mixed with degreaser and metal prep paint that you could buy AutoZone for a fraction of the price
1,In Oklahoma heat this product doesn't work with a hoot! Maybe in a "dry" heat area they may work better, but in the "wear it muggy style heat" these do not work at all!
1,This updates my previous review. Do not buy this product, my rear mud flaps fit just fine without these brackets and these so-called universal brackets did not fit my vehicle.	When returning the product it cost me $10. to mail back and 20% RESTOCKING FEE, unbelievable.
1,Bright bulbs here but, purchased in June of '16 and just burnt out on Thanksgiving eve. Horrible timing and a very short life! I wouldn't buy again to only have to replace one 6 months later which essentially replaced the original bulbs that came with the car new in 06. I bought these as an upgrade, for a brighter light...
1,The adhesive tape failed and this item flew off of my car somewhere on the highway.  This happened within a week of installation.  I cannot return the item because of this.  There were no installation instructions with this item, but I was very careful to make sure the mounting surface was clean when I placed it on my car.  I am very disappointed.
1,Pretty but don't stay in place or clean well
1,The load resistors work. I order 2 packs of 2 resistors but when all but one pair of LEDs fried and I went to send back the unused pair I had to pay for the return shipment. DO NOT BUT FORM THESE VENDORS THEY WILL RIP YOU OFF
1,Did not fit, leaked and no instructions.  Returned for credit.
1,Purchased this in December of 2014 and it's already not holding the Jeep up. My Jeep weighs in at about 4600 lbs which is about 2.5 tons. This jacks held it up at first, but over time (about a year) it started giving out. Will hold for about 15 minutes then slowly lets the vehicle down slightly. I would not label this Heavy Duty. Since it's been over a year, I can't return it. Plus I don't want to pay to ship it to the company for repairs. Would cost as much as I paid for it the first time. Just get a Harbor Freight slim profile 3 Ton Jack when they're on sale for $80. I've had no problem with it and my local garage uses the exact same model. Torin is probably Chinese junk.
1,From first glance out of the box, this looks like a well made product. But after installing it, it's cheaply made. The plastic prong that is suppose to go in the hole in the jeep body, broke off immediately. Which now my new cap will spin when I open the it. I took my time putting this cap on.		The plastic part of the cap will not sit flush next to the body of my jeep. Which allows anything to get into the body area behind the cap.		So now I will live with this cheaply built cap. But the next one will be a MOPAR product, not a cheap knock off.
1,The item shown is not the item you received. It was not made in the USA. It was made in Taiwan. It did not work! It necessitated a trip to my local auto zone where I picked up the actual part for about 12 bucks. Do not buy this.
1,You get what you pay for. No instructions to speak of, horrible product coatings just junk. I would return if I hadn't waited so long to install.
1,Doesn't work for Ford focus
1,These lights aren't very bright, and because they don't shine light 360 degrees, the reflective plates in your tail lights don't light, so it's just one small light beam.
1,Too much wobble
1,The polisher is heavy, You get pads that you will never use. Thought you were getting a deal. Bottles of wax are very very hard to read, Very very small print. You would need a magnifying  glass to read them. Should of done more research.
1,Literally exactly how the title explains it. I opened the package and tried to put it on to see if it would fit and the product ripped in half. My head is a normal size and the product states that one size fits all so I was definitely displeased when it broke without even being able to use it. I was going to use it for working conditions but it turns out I'll have to look elsewhere...
1,They wear out fast in the wash.
1,My light didn't work at first because the 30 amp fuse holder on the wiring was loose to the fuse. The lead in the fuse was also a joke compared to the one I replaced it with from NAPA auto parts. I manipulated the leads in the fuse holder and it works for now. The switch is just a plastic stick on button-China junk.
1,Didn't fit my KTM 300
1,too small
1,Cheap junk that requires a lot of modifications to fit.
1,Not too pleased with the product, I have and I beam camper travel trailer and I had to cut part of the I beam to make these fit and the screws that were provided were to short, I had to go to the hardware store and buy longer bolts. I will be installing a bike rack and I wanted to be safe than sorry, but we will see.
1,The angle on this gauge makes it nearly impossible to use on any tire. Before you buy consider that you can only us it in very limited circumstances with your right hand.
1,I expected these to be matal as the part number was for metal handles.  They were plastic, plastic handles were the problem in the first place.  It's too much of a pain in the rump to return them so I ordered metal ones form somewhere else.
1,Didn't fit my car. I have an 08 Infiniti G35 sedan which this product is supposed to fit but when I went to install it, it would not fit correctly. I was able to get the bulb in with the little metal latches just fine but when it came to plugging and half turning the ballast on to the bulb it would not sit deep enough for it to drop down on to the plastic tabs for me to then turn to lock in. I tried and tried eventually the plastic tab broke off so this thing does not fit at all. I thought maybe I was doing it wrong so I tried the other bulb outside the car still in the clear cup-case and that one would not fit into the  ballast either. It's like the plastic is too thick on the circle part for the ballast plug in to, to slip over it so I don't know if I was shipped the wrong bulbs or if these are just defective but either way I did not get what I paid for so this is my official review based on what was delivered to me.
1,They are good lights but the incandescent hi beams are unusable on the road the hid's are ok at best they are on a truck I don't drive a lot otherwise I would send them back
1,lacking quality
1,Disappointed. Not very bright. And the electronic logic box does a poor job. For instance, when I select left turn, the entire light (ie, the 3 LEDS on the right and the 3 LEDs on the left) flash on and off. That is wrong. it should either do nothing at all or only its left-side LEDs should blink. I wired it precisely per the instruction sheet.  And the middle three LEDs do not work at all, under any condition.
1,fits, looks great but moves around too much
1,These do look good on the picture. And they do fit me. But this item is very poorly made. This is not real leather. Instead they are made out of artificial leather knows as "Leatherette", a cheap cloth sprayed with a thin coat of plastic that look like leather. This thin coat started to peal off on day one. After one use for a few hours they look like they were used for a few years.		Lately it seems that amazon is a place that sells low quality items. I will think twice buying anything from amazon next time. My next set of bike gear will be bought at a local boutique store where owner knows customers by the first name and actually does care what he sells.
1,This kit did not work as designed. The socket is too short and fat to be usable for the intended purpose. Furthermore, if you try to use the 19mm (3/4") insert, it must go on the fattest end of the socket. It will never work there even if you try to grind down the sides because the socket will become too thin. I was able to grind down the outside of the narrowest part of the socket so I could insert it into the strut mount. The socket was larger than the 19mm nut on the strut, but it still worked good enough to get the nut off while holding the strut shaft with a socket, extension, and ratchet. However, the strut shaft was made for a metric socket that was not part of this kit. I had to use other tools. The chrome slot tools did not fit the new strut shafts well enough to hold them snugly, but was usable enough to hold them. However, one strut slot broke off after it became wedged in the chrome slot socket. I had to drill it out. I would suggest for a person to get the actual deep-well off-set socket for their exact size strut nut. With that said, the factory size nuts and the nuts shipped with a strut can differ. You really need to check your strut nut on the car and the strut nut shipped with the new strut before buying a socket. This kit should have four separate DEEP sockets instead of trying to cheap-out with one. I would have sent this back, but I ground the socket to get it to work. I was not about to have my car tore apart waiting for another tool.
1,Before installing check the air connections on your current shocks. Monroe uses a clip and o-ring. GM uses a threaded compression fitting. Converting one style to the other may be problematic. If your car has the threaded compression fitting it may be easier to install the AC Delco  OEM shocks especially if you have a auto leveling system with built in compressor.
1,Very disappointed with the mounting brackets, not as bright as I expected. I returned this product
1,But more quality film. Not good
1,Doesn't stay door with tape
1,Normally I wouldn't rate an item so bad but these are terrible and after almost getting in accident because I couldn't see I was obligated to write this review.  Bulbs are easy to install with a good plug N play feature with is why I would give it a star.  Light was fine while in the shop but once it was out in cooler weather they are dimmer than stock 9007's.  I almost hit a deer because the light was so dim!  Will never buy another Opt7 product again.  Lights were professionally installed.  High beam to low beam leaves you temporary blind as HID'S had to warm back up.
1,I can't discern any notable difference between this thing and my stock horn... seems to have been a waste of money.
1,was not the same intem i ordered. the one i got had the H in the middle
1,Bought it for a 1993 Chevy Silverado 1500 with a TBI 350. It will not work on a Chevy Silverado. Had to eat shipping the part back even though it wasn't the correct part.
1,The reason these mirrors got a 2 is because they are advertised as glass.  They are in fact plastic. Maybe at one time they were glass, but that appears to no longer be the case.  Since they were sent from overseas, I will not deal with shipping them back.  Just know what you are getting.
1,Attaching this to a vacuum hose is a hassle; you will need wire ties or duct tape to get it to stay. The coupling that was provided is flimsy and will not actually hold the hose to the vacuum. The sandpaper replacements are expensive; I wouldn't purchase this item just for that reason alone.  It's like giving you a diabetic tester but then the testing strips are triple what they are anywhere else. This is a poor design and actually didn't work well either.  PASS
1,Cheap plastic, would trust these chocks on a lawn mower.
1,I got this for a pro series 63153 carrier, should have looked at the reviews.  There were 2 main issues, the first is the driver's side wire is too short, so it had to be ran on top of the wire grate bottom of the rack, where you are packing stuff, and to top that off, the plug in for the wire into the lights sticks out into the cargo area.  The second, and bigger issue, is that when you put cargo in the rack, it bumps against the lights, and apparently knocked one out (they are a pretty loose fit) of the carrier on the very first trip.  The lights themselves are fine, they just need a better mounting system.
1,Bought the Powerbuilt 640834 Professional Pneumatic Rolling Shop Seat for a friend as a gift for assisting me in maintenance.  I went to visit him last week to find out he had placed the item in the corner because the wheel broke off first week.  Since Amazon was listed as the seller, I tried to contact them to exchange just the wheel; their reply was to contact the seller (seller was listed as Amazon); second reply was item cannot be exchanged after 30 days.  Bottom-line, the wheels are cheap; I estimate that he weighed about 175lbs.
1,leaked right out of box had two gaskets tried removing one leak remove both leak total junk.	the best i could do is get slight dribble but the stream out end was pitiful. save your time and money buy something else. returned for refund.
1,Plug style does NOT fit OEM plug for a 2000 Toyota Camry. Luckily I knew how to and switched out the plug end with the OE sensor. The wire heat shielding/shrink was not adequate.
1,Isn't a perfect fit for my 2005 350z and I barely get reception. Waste of money.
1,7/10 bulbs did not work.	The bulbs that did work, all 3 of them, work great, for now.
1,I am fairly new to RVs and had initially purchased Valterra Pure Power for my holding tanks.  It seemed to work very well, but I assumed that these products were pretty much all the same.  When the Valterra ran out, I purchased this chemical.		After using this product, I was rather surprised to find that the solids in my tank were not broken down well, not even the paper.  I camp in the boondocks for long periods of time and transfer the contents of my black tank to a portable tank for proper disposal, so I am very aware of what comes out!  I ended up dumping the rest of this "agent orange" into my home septic system and buying more Valterra for my RV.
1,I bought this sticker on a whim and still don't quite know what it means. Oh, well it was cheap. I haven't put one on my vehicle and won't until I find out what it means.
1,The first one I bought did not hold vacuum or pressure at all.  It leaked down from 20 lbs to 0 within a minute.  We called  Mityvac manufacturer tech support and they answered the phone within a minute and they made suggestions. He said the unit is tested before it leaves the factory and should hold vacuum.  Then he said to get some silicone oil and take apart the plunger and make sure the flapper seal was not out of place.  I drove to a hobby remote control store and bought silicone oil 15W and silicone grease.  I took apart the pump and checked everything and oiled the plunger and greased all of the O rings.  The vacuum still leaked from 20 lbs to 0 in a minute.  I wasted $8 on the oil and two hours of time.  The good news is that I believed the Mityvac technician and I ordered another identical MityVac, hoping it would hold vacuum.  YEAH!. It held 20 lbs vacuum and pressure for 12 hours without leaking at all. Now I have a working Vacuum pump and I can test my projects.  I oiled and greased the replacement, just in case.  Bottom line, if you order one, test the vacuum and pressure holding time right away.  It should hold vacuum and pressure forever.  If it doesn't, you have a legitimate complaint and can exchange it.  Obviously the factory test is not very good.  Good luck.
1,Ordered these for my garden tractor so I can snowblow at night.  Two arrived-the first was fine when I connected it up to test it on a 12 volt battery.  The second had a block of 3 LEDs out.  Returned one but thinking I should have returned them both as I am skeptical after having an out of the box failure like this.
1,Stayawy
1,unable to load driver on win xp as well as win 7, so updating this device as advertised is useless, however that is the only set back the device does function as advertised and suits the needs it was purchased for	it is however far larger and bulkier than other units I have owned and used in the past
1,Brittle and does are impossible to remove without destroying.
1,Horrible from day one. Cleared the window, but just  ok. The main issue is that they constantly squeaked in both heavy and light rain, and I use Rain-X. in the wiper fluid.
1,Box is made of very cheap plastic - easily deformable and the color coding-to-function is backwards on several of the colors - it was wired from the tow vehicle hitch perspective and not the trailer's.  I knew about the color coding issue so I am mostly dissatisfied with the box quality - had I knew in advance of its quality I would NOT have ordered it.  I'm contemplating returning it.  On the plus side the pre-made terminal connections seems to be very well made.	UPDATE - reduced Rating to ONE STAR.  I decided to install it anyway since I didn't want to wait for another.  I broke one of the strain relief brackets trying to keep the wiring cable from being easily pulled out.  The brackets are very cheap plastic - should be metal for such a heavy cable.  Another issue is the wiring label on the cover (worthless anyway since the color coding is backwards).  The cover can go on the box only one way given their mounting hole alignment with the box.  With the vehicle hitch connector towards front, ends up that the cover label is upside down.  It also looks like I'll have to silicone all seams and drill a couple of weep holes in the bottom of the box since I'm confident its not waterproof.  Do yourself a favor a spend a little more getting a quality box at local store (where you can touch and feel it).  I got taken this time with Amazon garbage.
1,This is more like a blanket than a bench seat cover. It is way to small for my 85 chevy pickup bench seat.
1,Total piece of junk. Unit would not even turn on! Typical China made junk. Do not buy!
1,Made of cheap rip-stop nylon, you put it on your windshield after driving, the warm windshield melts the snow that is falling, the Auto Expressions absorbs it and it re-freezes to your windshield as well as wicking water inside the vehicle. Don't bother go to the fabric store and buy 2 yards of curtain black out, waterproof side out and you will safe yourself scraping a piece of nylon off of your window...you have already wasted to much time on this product reading this review!!
1,Cheap, rigid , imitation  plastic completely unusable	Made outside USA
1,It didn't fit the channel on my old Scamper camper
1,Strongly considering returning it. Does not want to communicate with my car (all other scan tools can communicate with it). Gives only minimal information. Had to use three different laptop computers and still having communication problems with the computers, operating systems vary from Windows 7 to Windows 10.		Calling it "professional" is false advertising.
1,I drive a 2010 Hyundai sonata not designed for ethanol fuels. Runs rough. It is only a 2.4L	I have tried this product for over 2000 miles in less than 1 week fuel economy went from avg of 30 to 25mpg. I must have gotten sugar water caused my engine to cease and have a blockage into fuel rail that was made out of sugar/sucrose. Unabl to return for refund no money for me even tho this means I need a new fuel rail will check with seller about a refund will update after speaking with seller
1,My first battery was bad right out to the box and my exchanged battery when bad within a few months. I definitely will not purchase this battery every again and will stick to name brand batteries at double the price.
1,I figured I would give this a try since my passenger doors arnt working. Taking the actuator apart is extremely tricky without breaking anything. I was unsuccessful in trying to repair this myself, im not a mechanic but have done plenty of DIY jobs on my cars without issue. This is an advanced task and replacing the motor did nothing for my actuator.  I'm just replacing the whole actuator at this point. $150 on amazon for the whole part isn't as bad as it could be elsewhere... There are no videos for 4th gen 4runner replacement or instructions anyone really, very frustrating!
1,Not working for my 2012 F-150. The beam of light has darker spots and not bright enough!
1,Applied it carefully, guess we lucked out.. didn't work out so well... Peeled it off, washed my car and disposed of it.. It did stick real quick.. always would wrinkle up too.
1,the time frame on this part was way to long and I wasn't really excited about that since my car was down and I needed the part I may consider it to a friend if he is not in a hurry
1,Barely visible during daylight hours and hardly get brighter with the signals. Not even close to worth it
1,the shine disappears after a couple of hours
1,Bought this to touch up scratches and paint chip on my red Chrysler Sebring. Does not match the color or work well at all. Looks like crap. Would not recommend
1,It broke after trying to adjust it minimally.  While it was operational it did what it needed to do, but it's cheap, I would look elsewhere for something a little more long lasting.
1,They were all dried out.
1,Doesn't actually put out 1,000 amps according to independent testing. Built poorly. 8 gauge wire. Yikes. Look it up on YouTube. [...]
1,Ok, so this product is described for japanese cars and has mazda listed in there as well.. Not only did this NOT fit my Mazda cx5, because the product it misrepresented and not the correct size, trying to screw it in chipped the paint around my tow hook hole! This is waaaaaaaay too short, maybe for a miniature car? I should have known when the seller couldn't answer if this would fit my car.. Lesson learned! Would not recommend, obviously.
1,If you need an impact wrench these suck the torque right out of the gun. Too much torque loss, get a spherical universal, sure it costs more but they get the job done, these just get hot and make a lot of noise.
1,Does NOT fit the 2013 Ford Escape... Nor any other year going forward. Ordered from Amazon and when that set failed to even come close to matching my Escape's windows, I tried several other auto parts sites online and offline. NONE matched. The mold is apparently way off, according to several vendor reps, who each promised to contact the company.
1,Did not fit
1,This was bought for a close friend's new vehicle. He seems to be having a great deal of difficulty getting it to conform to the shape of the dash without bunching up.
1,One of the two came broken.  One of the two wires was missing.
1,Gauge looks great, the adapters had millings in them so cleaned them out.  From the appearance of the kit I thought it was a great buy, but then I tried using it on multiple engines.  Readings came out consistently low-SUBSTANTIALLY low!  Borrowed a known good gauge to confirm.  I have no use for it, as I have no idea what compression actually is!
1,This gauge is not accurate at all! Waste of money and please don't buy this product! I hate it and want my money back! I gauged the tires in the morning and again in the afternoon and it showed me a difference of 3 psi (on all tires)!!!!		This gauge is a piece of GARBAGE!
1,ok
1,Not happy with this. The paint is too thick and it never cures. I did a light coat and let it try over night just to find tons of bubbles in the morning on the paint - there was no moisture in the air or rain .. pretty warm actually in SoCal right now. So there was no reason for it to bubble because of weather.		Anyway, used a heat gun to cure it but no chance .. then I tried sanding it down. The bottom layer was still wet and the bubbles turned into a mess.		Ended up spending 7h and almost $60 in cleanup tools/stuff to remove all the paint.		Not worth!
1,Quality product however product stated made in Germany.  That is false, when delivered product stated Made in china from German products.  I rate it low for false advertizing...be truthful.
1,Really bright, but if had 2 sets and only get about 3 months out of each before quits working!!
1,I've been using these on my 2003 Harley V-Rod and I would rate them as satisfactory. They are mostly used to store my rain gear, spare pair of classes and extra half helmet. Some of the seams are starting to come loose which is disappointing. I like the look of these saddle bags but as far as durability goes they don't appear to be standing the elements well. I've attached a picture of one of the seams which is coming apart.
1,Not great quality. Finish is mediocre at best. Uneven and flimsy.
1,Hoping this cap will be  ACDelco GM Original and not some knock off....	Ordered this cap on 4,8, 2017 with Amazon Prime two days shipping. Its now4,12,2017 and almost 8 PM.
1,color was off, more of a seafoam green
1,a piece of trash.
1,These things are junk... The won't lock down so they pop up when driving down the road.. I had to take them back off and use my old ones I'm still looking for good ones...
1,Somebody screwed up, either Amazon or the seller but this will not fit in a chevy /gm/ k2500...
1,I'd give 0 stars if I could.  Instructions are great, so I guess there's that, but the grip-rite nuts they use do not fit the 3/8" hole they tell you to drill, therefore I had to make my own backing plate and pull down the headliner to install the brackets.  The "tool"  and template they mention in the instructions were not included (read other reviews, Apparently this is a consistent issue).  I say "tool" because it's just a bolt with 2 nuts on it and a larger grip-rite than the 4 that are supposed to be used.  Perhaps the 4 included were the wrong size, hence being too small for the hole?  Either way, I really hope this doesn't leak now that I had to make my own backing nut.		Do not buy this product.
1,This so call grease is just to light i feel this will not hold up open up the can feels like a cream i'm  not going to do all this hard work replacing and repacking the bearing with this, and going long distance to fish, i went back to a good thick marine type grease that i know will hold up i would return this but its open,  not good not good @ all
1,I started to use this but it's just too thin.	applied to a section then tested it... Did not see any difference.		Don't feel it's worth the effort/money
1,Use to have built in alarm not anymore sucks now
1,Got these back in January and just got them on a month ago. Worked great until about a week ago. One just stopped working completely and nothing i do brought it back to life. Had to order another due to my bumper already being cut out for it.
1,We received the product but we didn't recieve the two gaskets that should have came with it.  I can't find a way to send seller a message.  So it leaks something terrible without the gaskets.  It's also an odd shaped gasket so not sure where we can get them.  It would cost us more to send it back then try and find some place to buy a gasket or tape it.
1,I bought these monroe ceramic pads for my integra. The material they use are not very heat resistant and they can leave an imprint on your rotors after extensive heavy braking. This can result in brake shutter when applying the brakes at high speeds, otherwise they will work fine in light-normal city/freeway driving. Many brake pad brands will cause this, not just Monroe.
1,Did not fit my car as it is listed it made it look horrible and a waste of money
1,I got these for my F150, they work decent but the passenger side doesn't contour well with the windshield and streaked. Bosch blades are much better, I will not be purchasing ANCO blades again.
1,the plastic all falls apart after a couple months
1,Doesn't work. HID's are a waste of money and time. Sometimes your headlights will work and a majority of the time they won't. I would recommend LED bulbs.
1,Consistent used oil analysis while K&N air filter is used show elevated silica levels contaminating the oil in excess of 20 ppm or greater in some cases.  This shows filtration is compromised and returning to an oem style paper filter gradually drops the silica  and wear metals.		  There is not much place for a higher flowing air filter in a car designed around the other restrictive intake/exhaust components.		These filters haven't changed in over 40 years, cotton gauze is antiquated and has been surpassed by newer synthetic media and even cellulose paper filters beat them hands down in filtration.		If you want to live with elevated wear metals and save money by not having to replace your air filter, then go ahead, your engine will still probably outlive the body of the car in most states, but your not getting the best filtration your engine needs.		Also please read how much oil your filter requires on the manufactures website.  This filter for instance only requires 1.33 oz of oil when re-oiling.  I have found that most people are over oiling their filters to insane amounts and this is causing an entirely different issue with mass air flow sensors being contaminated.		As for me i am throwing my K&N filter in the trash and it has already been replaced with a Purolator Pureone filter.  I would recommend an Amsoil long life filter or OEM filter if you want an alternative.  OEM is always a safe bet if you want low silica in your oil.
1,Not good quality decal
1,I almost never put up bad reviews, but this 12"-42" is absolutely horrible. My buddy had the other rokstrap which is thicker, longer, and works very well. These are like a garbage dollarstore toy, the buckles don't hold tension, they don't have a strong elastic force, the buckles don't snap well. But of all the shortcomings, THE BUCKLES DON'T HOLD TENSION! Think about that, you're going down the highway, the buckles let loose, your stuff is gone!	Do	NOT	Buy	This	Version!
1,Will not fit inside the housing of an 03 beetle fig light. Repeat will not fit an 03 beetle even though the description says it will.
1,1 bulb worked, 1 did not work. No more LED bulbs for me. Over priced junk.
1,Almost a fit on my 2016 tacoma. the front and rear seals are too big for the 2016 tacoma. I contacted Lund customer service, they said that the cover is not made for the 2016 and they do not know why anazon is advertising that it fits a 2916.
1,To the reviewer who said this works with an sv650s- yes it does, but NOT IT DOES NOT!		Can you get it to fit? Yes.		The problems? The pedal return spring hole is in the wrong spot, and does not allow either of the springs to fit properly. In addition, it has a different angle than the oem pedal, such that when adjusted all the way down, it still sits too high in front of your foot.
1,Did not work for my vehicle, buyer beware even though you may specify the vehicle you need it for it may still not work for your particular needs
1,Junk don't waste your money
1,says it will fit road king but will not, don't suggest this for any harley, you would have to buy after maket nuts to make it work, and you WILL have to use a wrench, id give it a half a star if i could
1,Junk
1,Junk. Flimsy metal. Doeant fit any standard light bar. Didnt even bother using it. Don't waste your money.
1,The fitment on the front was not great, let in air. And yes I installed it correctly
1,Adapter works on 87 land cruiser (front wipers), but when I saw the shipping cost on this I quickly backed out and managed to drag my introverted butt into the store(with the assistance of a pep talk from my dog).  I'm sorry, but 8 bucks shipping on a $1.50 item?  These guys obviously haven't heard about the 'fulfillment by Amazon' service or they don't know how to negotiate their shipping prices OR (the most likely option) like so many retailers they use shipping as a way to make extra profit.  As for these adapters, just go into your auto parts store, they'll likely have em and if not they'll tell you where to get them.
1,Lights didn't fit but the smoke lenses look great
1,I bought this to go on my 1997 4Runner.  Amazon said it would fit, but it absolutely doesn't.  You can't even use the cartridge from this one on the OEM blades, I ended up trashing it as the return postage is almost as much as the wiper.  The only option for the 4Runner is to buy the Toyota blade or use a refill, the adapters don't even fit properly.  The wiper is also not terribly well made, and I would not buy this product again even if it did fit my 4Runner.  The Bosch Icon is only a bit more money, and it is a MUCH nicer build quality.
1,I wish I could give this 0-stars. I picked up some of these from local auto-parts store and really reget it. My experience is similar to many other posts here indicating:		- not much brighter than stock halogens, maybe +5% at most	- very short life-span, 2-months for one bulb and 3-months for the other one	- not actually white, the blue-band blocks out yellow and appears "white", but reduces overall output	- poor value, stock-performance bulbs for $20/ea? Bah!		Went down to NAPA auto-parts and picked up a pair of their Proformer bulbs part# "AVB 9006" for $3.59/ea to hold me over while my Philips HIR bulbs arrive. These put out 1875 lumens or an actual 80% more than these GE bulbs.
1,no cubrio mis espectativa
1,This is a  horrible product, the brackets were about 4 inches too big and needed to be bent, the river nuts are an absolute joke save yourself some money and just do regular rivets
1,I don't recommend buying this if you don't want to chup or break it.  It is extremely brittle.
1,Not correctly described not satisfied at all
1,It smells nothing like I would have expected. I only recieved 1 even though it says "2 pack". The scent flow adjustment is very flimsy and it takes 5 minutes of driving for it to go back to the max again. Very dissatisfied.
1,I love royal purple - but no difference - wish Castrol GTX still made theres, that was a difference!
1,Meh. More hassle than it's worth. I used it once on a cargo rack on the back of my car. Too much of a pain in the butt to hook on and off.
1,These do not fit 2012 f150. I ordered for second time thinking first pair were defective but second pair did not work either.
1,These look great if you can get them to stay plugged in. I have the 9007 versions and the plugs don't fit like they should. They don't snap into place so had to use electric tape to hold them together.
1,I ordered two and both are broke. The yellow transmitter breaks off from the stem thanks to being cheap light aluminum or plastic. The sensors were found rolling around inside my tires after a couple of months of driving less than 2000 miles.		 I would not recommend wasting the money. I am installing the expensive GM OEM TPMS in  my spare wheels for winter driving.
1,Was smashed and out of round when received, wouldnt fit 3 pipe.
1,Glue doesnt stick
1,Unfortunately it was too small for my application.  Just as well, because all you need is a Piece of bread and something about the same size diameter of hole,  use ductape around a bold or a socket extension to make it almost fit, and then stick the bread in hole and pound it down with your "ramrod" and just watch as your pilot bearing comes out.  It took less than a slice and I had my auto transmission pilot bearing out in less than 1 minute with no mess.		Search on youtube and you will see a video of it
1,DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM IT IS UNSAFE.  AMAZON should pull this from their shelves before they get sued.  The rubber is so dense when you shift to second gear, the rubber slams the shifter back out of gear.  I will be sending back ASAP
1,They say USA made, but until they change the picture, which after this I am sure they will, the base clearly says Taiwan, it's a lot better than Communist China IMO, but it's not made in the US either.... Deceptive advertising.
1,China :(
1,To Bad, ist no good.
1,NO WHERE AS GOOD AS THE"ARMORALL SPRAY" CLEANER,SHINER....
1,I bought this back in Dec. 2016, upon arrival, I plugged it into the 4Runner and it connected and gave a clear readout on the free app, exactly as it should so I spend $10 and bought a more in-depth app to monitor the vehicle and diagnose any issues. It worked just fine for about 2 hours then, never would connect on ANY vehicle. I contacted foseal and after waiting several days, the response was that I may not be connecting it to a compatible, I assured them that this wasn't the first time I have used a scanner and that it was an OBDII vehicle, also that I tried it on several vehicles. after a few back and forth emails, they promised a refund and a replacement but, the replacement wouldn't be sent until I removed my truthful yet bad review (an obvious bribe). I removed my review and had no contact from them after several attempts to have them make good on their promise of a replacement. I pretty much forgot about it until about three weeks ago when I got an automated email, asking for a review of the product I had received. I sent an email to their customer service with the automated email attached stating that I was never furnished a replacement as promised and that they shouldn't ask for a review from a customer that received a POS useless chunk of crap that failed after 2 hours of use. I also asked when I would receive my replacement that had been promised, I was told that I would receive it "soon". I told them if I didn't receive the replacement within a week, I would reinstate my review since they were kind enough to remind me. So here we are three weeks later, with no replacement and no email from them explaining when or if I would receive it. DO NO BUY FROM THIS COMPANY, THEY ARE FRAUDS! The item cost me an additional $10 that I now cannot get back due to their junk product, I also paid for return shipping $5 with the promise of a replacement. Item worked flawlessly for a very short amount of time, just long enough to give me the confidence to spend additional money for an app that I have since used with a different product that works as it should.
1,It shows the entire base, threaded rod, hold down bar.  It even states the complete assembly in the description - read it yourself.  Then they only send you one of the parts.  It's a mess Amazon needs to fix for sure.  I went to my local supply dealer and got it for 18 bucks including shipping - which was more, but at least I got what I needed.
1,Only programmable if you have 2 programmed and good keys (if I have 2 keys whats for I would but it!!!!), otherwise have to go to dealer...what a shame...more trash in my box!!!!!
1,l would not recommend this product. It doesn't hold the 1/4 drive sockets very well. They tend to pop off. Don't waste your $.
1,Wrong
1,after a month its started to rattle when i used it
1,None of the bulbs worked!
1,It's returned to you and not fit, too tight with my car. Sorry
1,Disappointed, the product was well packaged and arrived on time but full of scratches when opened.	 It appears that it was packaged that way.
1,These things are terrible. They do not vent pressure at all. You have to leave them cracked open all the time unfortunately.
1,Does not slow tailgate down at all
1,A waste of extra money.  Next time I'll just buy regular blades such as Trico.  I put the Bosch on my 2016 F150 and I don't think they are even as good as the originals I took off.  They don't clean bugs as well and they leave rain/water streaks with the slightest bit of debris on the windshield.  Maybe too soft?  Who knows how they will wear, I might not keep them on.
1,I really wish this product worked. The build quality is excellent and the clip on part was very solid and didn't allow any air to leak out, unlike the ARB one I had used before. I did try the screw on fitting, but that was terrible and let a lot of air leak out. The reason I'm giving it two stars is that the digital gauge stopped being accurate after it's first use. The first time I used it, I loved it and it worked like it should. The second time, it would display the tire as 7 psi, but when I checked it with two separate pressure gauges, it'd really be at 32 psi. I tried removing the battery to 'reset' it but it didn't work. I returned it and placed an order for the analog version of this, so I'm hoping that one will be the winner.		<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/JACO-FlowPro-Tire-Inflator-Gauge-100-PSI/dp/B01ETXA2EW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">JACO FlowPro Tire Inflator Gauge - 100 PSI</a>
1,they ofer someting that don't fix well I lost my money they sale it as good for 16" and they don't say NO GOOD FOR ALL 16" RIMS AND IF YOU WANT YOUR MONEY BACK  YOU PAY MORE MONEY TO GET JUST LESS OF WHAT YOU PAY ...RES-TOKING FEE AND YOU PAY THE RETURN SO YOU PAY MORE TO GET YOUR NONEY BACK IS BIG
1,They melted and fell apart while I was installing and testing them.
1,The kit included one rasp, one needle tool, three plugs, and no knife.  Also, Amazon treats this product as too hazardous to be returned.  I hate false advertisement and will probably stay away from both Amazon and Slime products in the future.
1,Stupid springs to mount it are useless.  I cursed at this product for over an hour trying to get the springs snapped into the louver slots on the water heater door.  Finally gave up and zip tied it into place.
1,So far I am not impressed.  Had a job today of cutting and fitting a new gasket for the rear end cover on a 1931 Chevrolet Mail Truck.  Since I just received my Grime Reaper today I though I would give it a shot.  I mixed up a nice little 4:1 batch and soaked the part.  Came back later and hit it with some water and the grease just laughed at it.  Hit it once again and let it sit for about a half an hour and tried once again to remove the grease.  No luck at all!		Grabbed a can of starting fluid and it was clean in about 8 minutes!		Looks like a duck, walked like a duck, and laid a great big egg just like a duck !
1,This toy battery does not fit all Fisher Price riding toys even if the picture looks like it is exactly the same. Verify the battery amps NOT just volts by calling the Fisher Price toll free telephone number. Fisher Price customer service representive will be able to assist you with a local purchase option. Amazon will not accept a return if it is incorrect for "safety reasons". Verify and re-verify before purchasing.
1,Ride was nice but strut broke a few months after install. I do have a lifted truck with 1.5" spacers in the strut that contributed some, but it broke during normal driving.  Warranty is only good if you have a mechanic install the part.
1,You get what you pay for.  Although the image quality was better than expected, I never could get these to stop moving around on their own while going down the road.  More and more I would tighten down the bolt that is supposed to "lock" the mirror into place once it is set. I was afraid if I torqued it much more, something would strip out.  Little by little I would tighten more, go for a ride, tighten MORE, go for a ride. After this last 130 mile ride I tightened them one more time and it felt like the treads were pulling out / stripping out.  I am going to have to put the factory mirrors back on and throw these away.  JUNK.  ( this is on a 2015 Honda Grom if it matters )
1,No difference than the Wagner brite lights that I have ,still has a yellow tint to them,not worth the money at all ,who ever says they are good quality has never used really good bulbs before,this bulbs are just junk ,I don't care what anybody on here has said they are just idiots
1,Tight fit.  Cannot get the earpieces of my glasses in between the helmet and my head.  There's padding right there that gets in the way.  I hate contacts when I'm riding so this is a pain in the rear when trying to get the helmet on.  Don't want to go bigger on the helmet as that creates another set of issues.
1,this worked fine for 2 months, then the plastic split on the breather tab like it was 10 years sitting out in the weather.
1,Installation was easy, break in procedure followed.  Set appears to be high quality.  During heavy rains notice no slippage and moderate speed braking everything is good.  Higher speed aggressive breaking passengers comment I need a break job due to noise.  Car appears to be braking fine but the noise is annoying.  Have about 500 miles on set and no difference with noise factor.  I would say the noise is here to stay.  No dust issue.  Have used EBC on my Muscle car with no noise.  Would recommend spending the extra $100.00 for EBC and save yourself the headache of constant comments.
1,This was not strong or sturdy enough to remove any rad hose from a Ford F150 (which was why I bought this) , returned it.
1,This thing doesn't fit at all even though it says it fits.  Wound it impossible to attach with any confidence it wouldn't just fall off after the first mile of driving. I would not recommend this product. One star is being generous.
1,They broke the first day when placed in my old truck with a drink in each one. The drinks fell in the floor and the plastic was cracked on both.
1,Thought it would be a nice set but basically this is a Harbor Freight type tools in a very cheap blow molded case. In fact one of the case latches fell off when I attempted to open it. Over all it probably isn't a horrible purchase as it contains a number of tools that HF doesnt carry and if you need that one specific tool, it is probably worth it. My advice is to select the cheapest version of this set you can find as I believe the are all made by the same source.  If you work on vehicles frequently, you will at some point need most of these tools.
1,Spring to return into the housing got broke after one month use
1,These absolutely do not last like a lead acid battery.  My original battery lasted 10 years.  This one died in 2 years even with a battery tender plus plugged in several times through the winter months.
1,These remotes are not genuine Ford parts, they do not have the appropriate markings on the back as the pictures would suggest. These are cheap chinese made knock offs that do not have much range. That being said, I suppose for the price they're okay. Just false advertising.
1,First set failed after a few months. Seller was quick to send out a replacement. That one ended up with water behind the glass lens on the end. I Gave up and went with another brand. You may have better luck than me, but I don't want to be changing my fogs out every 4 months.
1,Followed instructions, used warm blow dryer, and so far so good! Cold weather hit, and its peeling off...not happy...
1,The screw hole for the overflow talk mounting plate does not even come close to lining up.. I managed to get it to install but felt uneasy about it and removed it. The screw hole on the radiator for the mounting plate is too big and a screw will not thread I to it.
1,I think good product but I will buy at Aoutozone
1,BUILT EXTREMELY CHEAPLY. BOTH OF THEM FELL APART within a couple months. WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY!!!!!
1,Cheap plastic handles but does the job
1,Better than other budget gauges, esp. the 4th vac output, but beware automotive users! If using any inline r134a threaded items, ie. inline PAG oil/dye injector. This unit uses non automotive HVAC hose threads not automotive r134a threading. However does come with properr 134a line fittings, and 1 adaptor for some vacuum pumps or small gauge 30# tank. So will work for modern automotive, as long as not adding anything else.
1,Harness is useless. Says it fits my bike. Does not, only used fuse wire.
1,I've edited my review since I'm having to pay shipping to return these, even though Amazon showed compatibility with my 2008 Lincoln Mark LT (F150) with the 5.4 engine.  There was nothing wrong with these seals except that Ford changed the cam/valve cover design on some 2007 engines, and the seals are no longer removable from the top.  I noticed immediately that the new seals were considerably larger in diameter, and after some checking found they won't work on my 2008 F150 5.4.  I'm told my engine's solenoids can only be changed by pulling the cam/valve covers, which isn't a simple job.
1,I loved this Tonneau Cover back in Sept. 2013 but now it's June 2018 and it's just falling apart. At this point I need to replace it. At the price I paid for this cover it should have lasted as long as the truck. ...the truck still looks new and the Tonneau Cover is junk, very disappointing!
1,This distributor is supposed to have and adjustable timing in the unit from 19 to 29 degrees, however when hooked to the proper vacuum port it immediately added over 20 degrees to the initial lead. That was not a problem with the stock distributor, which in the engine now. Not a good buy in my opinion. I am unable to return it as the engine wasn't running until last week and the 30 day return policy is in place. Learn! Learn! Learn! never buy parts ahead of time when putting your engine together!
1,Color is not consistent
1,I think this is is a dumb design. You have to put the key in and turn and turn and turn and turn. What it does is unthread on a small diameter bolt, maybe 1\4"? I get the impression that I need to put some silicone on it before using it to keep it from corroding and rusting. It will probably work fine to keep the hitch in the receiver, but not convenient and I doubt these small threads would survive a good pry bar. JMHO
1,This does not fit the 2005 Chevy Colorado as advertised. Connector is right, but will not mount.
1,Made in India???  Really???? Time to clean-house at GM accounting. Damn bean-counters!
1,I got this for a simple trash bag for the car. It works ok but the configuration is somewhat weird. It opens narrow at the top, but the base is set to expand and stay expanded due to the insert. So, even when not full it is bulky and intrudes on the back passenger.		I used it a bit then tossed it. Looks kind of cheap and bulky for my purposes.
1,The adhesive is almost non-existent, tape itself is very brittle. Applied to smooth, cleaned/prepped surface and it came off the moment I put weight on it. Stick (get it?) with 3M.
1,Single layer, thin and not the size you'd think when comparing stats on vehicle to size of cover.	Fabric tore on day one.
1,Three out of 4 of them didn't work and kept blowing my fuse not worth it. Customer service was great
1,Did NOT fit, as advertised by Amazon for 1994 Bronco 351W.
1,I'm disappointed in this product. It's advertised to remove scratches. Unfortunately this product does not do what it states. I'm not sure any product on the market for the average person at home can remove scratches from your vehicle. The only way I have had scratches removed from my truck was through a detail shop. If there is a product on the market that removes scratches without having to go to a detail shop,  please let me know.
1,Ok
1,Adapters no good
1,didn't do anything for my small leak, i thought what the heck ,but additives have never worked for me. snake oil.
1,Let me start by saying I used to be a transmission builder in a shop while going to college.  My best tear down time on a THM350 is 8 minutes including popping the clutch packs open (not including dis-assembly of the valve body).  In other words a fluid change is a yawner.		Friend had a 2002 Kia Optima that shifted lazy especially when cold.  Fluid spec is Diamond SP-III which Mag1 says it covers.  Procedure is long and used about ten quarts of fluid in total.		When I test drove it afterwards it shifted better.  Drove about five miles and gave the vehicle back.  He told me the car started vibrating badly on the freeway and when he got home it was leaking fluid.  Sure enough it was and coming from around the intermediate shaft (right side).		My first thoughts pointed at a compatibility issue with the seal(s).  Great, there are three and one requires removal of the transmission.  Anyway, replaced the right one for now and the leak didn't slow down at all.  Upon further inspection the rear end unit was wobbling up and down and most likely tore up the bearings.  Dis-assembly requires removal and I don't have that kind of time.		His $3000 car is now worth about $500.  Had to give him one of my cars.  Saying I am not happy with this fluid would be a major understatement.
1,I bought one of these and a couple of cans of 134a at my local Oreilly's and wasted most	of the two cans of 134a (at $14.00 a can) due to the lousy flat gasket they use on the can	fitting. IT LEAKS LIKE A SIEVE AND YOU SHOULD STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT!	I used it on two different manufacturers 12oz cans and they both leaked badly.	This is due to a flat black rubber washer that does not do the job.	I went back to Oreilly's and bought the EZ chill 18oz can with gauge and hose and it worked	great.
1,These didn't fit my Ford Expedition. Bolted up, but the factory brake hose did not bolt up. The square metal block at the end of the hose hit the extended "lip" on the caliper, and would not allow the brake hose to lineup and be bolted on.
1,Required me to spend $20 at local machine shop to drill hole at better spot so it didn't stick out 2 inches further than it should on 4runner 5th gen. Plus, the stock hole was soo loose. Can't imagine the banging around while wheel'n or actually "recovering".
1,The charger is described as :".  .  . with selectable output current rates: 2-amp, 10-amp and 15-amp."  That is one of the main reasons I ordered it.  I take that description to mean I can select anyone of the three rates. Apparently not so. The 10/15 amp rates are automatically selected by the charger.  I understand the desirability of having the charger make automatic adjustments to the power level in the charging process.  However, including "selectable" as on of its' benefits suggests I can select which one I use (else why list it as selectable).  I presumed that if I set it at the 15 amp rate, it would then adjust automatically when appropriate, but that I could set it at the 10 amp rate if I needed.  In my case, I need to use this charger with a power inverter connected to my pickup to recharge my RV batteries at times.  My inverter will handle 10 amps but not 15.  This means the unit is virtually unusable for my purposes.	  But there is a second discrepancy.  The charger is described as "2-amp, 10-amp and 15-amp"  but is actually 3-amp, 12-amp and 15-amp.  An advantage for some, perhaps not for others.
1,Spend more money. If you plan to get it wet DON'T. Its a cheap winch. If thats all u want and you install it correctly it will work... Mine worked for about a year and a half. I spent $35 to replace the insides of the control box. I will not repair again i will buy a Warren.		Update.. I found the solenoids shipped for $35. I put dielectric grease over all the connections. Works now but sounds need to be pulled apart and grease packed. In fairness i abuse my jeep and i clearly submerged the control box. But in a year and a half the few time i tested it it worked fine. The time i needed it i was out of luck.
1,Rusted shut. Never buy these.
1,Machine stops working after using the car adapter, can't turn it on for hours afterwards. Garmin itself doesn't update maps, they just pretend to. I have repeatedly have told them through customer service and their report map issue area, that maps in my area were wrong. They laughed and never changed a thing. Save yourself some money and use a different gps. Hell even Google maps is better and more accurate than this thing or this company.
1,Bought it for a friend and it burned out after 2 weeks.
1,too Soft
1,The package for these even say CHROME hood pins NOT stainless.... I'm going to use them until I order actual stainless from jeggs and then throw these away.
1,not well made seat covers, cheaply made and fit funky, not like in the picture. Would not purchase these again. Will probably give them to goodwill on my next drop off.
1,Did not work with my disc brakes.
1,didnt work
1,I had high hopes for this, but it just takes up space in my cup holder and the compartments are too small to hold anything. I removed it and just go back to sticking things in the cup holder as it's just easier. This could have been designed better by making it wider and thinner. It might not work depending on your cup holder size.
1,I purchased this item for my new doble din radio and I didn't fit on the space for my chevrolet Colorado... Just a waste of money
1,broke very quickly I don't approve. Liquea gasoline may cause fire....
1,nice to find out to late they aren't street legal, i got  5 tickets from Virginia state police.
1,*** Update ***		I have had these bulbs for more that 2 years.  They still work but they flash a lot.  They started doing that about 6 months after I purchased them.  I will replace them soon with another brand.  I did rate these 5 stars originally but now I'm revising my rating to 2 stars.		***	Original review below:		These bulbs are bright!  They will be excellent backup lights on my truck. If you want bright backup lights, you will not be disappointed!		I installed one and then made the lights come on to conpare.  This LED bulb was very noticably twice as bright as the incandescent bulb on the other side.  As with my experience installing other LED bulbs, if they don't work at first, remove the bulb and turn it 180 degrees.  I had to do that on these and they were perfectly.		Also, I didn't know whether my vehicle would have standard or CK sockets.  These bulbs are listed as standard and they work so I must have standard.  My vehicle is a 2007 GMC Sierra New Style.
1,A premature review that I will update. Having asked the Amazon community about low temps inducing inaccuracies, I was concerned by the responses I received. Therefore I called Dan's Auto and was told by a fine chap that this gauge should be accurate to about -20C. That out of the way, the gauge is built to project quality. I will test at current temps and again in colder weather then update this review.		Checked against a Motion Pro Digital (Taiwan) and Accu-Gauge (USA) which both agreed reading 34.4 & 34. Dans Gauge read 32lbs. Will be contacting them again.		Well their customer service appears top notch and they sent me a 2nd gauge to compare. These gauges are built to impress but apparently not provide a true accurate reading. 2nd gauge about 3lb low on reading. See photos!
1,lasted about 4 months and  around 5,000 miles compared to the original still on the other side of the car that has 136,000 miles on it.  The bearing is "made in china".  guess I wasn't told that or I would not have bought it.  Grinding noises are worse than the one I replaced at about 131,000 miles and much faster.
1,Sent back
1,Simply an ok product at best , BEST ! The package was shoddy at best , offered minimal protection and in my case , failed . The brackets include no hardware which is an issue because the factory bolts won't fit more than 2 or 3 thread turns at most and that's no good . The crackle finish was cracking off and was very easily scratched , chipped and picked away at once the damage was started . Lastly as if all that was not disappointing enough , the fit and alignment was sketchy at best and would probably require some elongating of the mounting holes . Be prepared to do work if your going with these ....
1,Keys fall off in you pocket.
1,These are not waterproof. They seem like a good design, but have already failed. If you are not submersing them in water they are fine, but if they are on a boat trailer I would find something else that is waterproof.
1,Came warped and bubbled. Bubbled areas the adhesive was covered in dust. Roll was unusable.
1,The wiring harness is a joke. Nothing worked even though I followed Hella's extremely poor written instructions to a "T." I saw a YouTube video where the guy used a different wiring harness from O'Reilly Auto. I will try that. I knew I shouldn't have skimped and instead bought the KCs like on my last Wrangler.
1,I guess I am one of the few that got a non functioning tender out of the box. I had purchased a large Black & Decker bench size charger from Amazon that works completely as expected and purchased this smaller tender mostly for convenience as it offered an "indefinite trickle charge". Since this has failed out of the box, I might as well just stick with the "flow " mode on my big charger. At the end of the day, its the same amount of work for me anyway. I have enough experience and can confirm it is not user error.
1,Absolute junk. After receiving 4 blowed shocks. I've giving up on them so I really couldn't tell u how they work
1,Fit well, but fell off after 1 week. Not worth the $$
1,Not well retained, four angled tap screws into old filler mount, hard to get tight enough to prevent rattle. I wound up using 3m emblem red two sided tape and screws. Not bad product just not quality or fit that was expected. UPDATE 11/16/2016 MAGNETS CAME OFF,DOOR SEEMS LOOSE ON HINGE,FINISH NOT HOLDING UP.TRIED TO GET WARRANTY,ONLY TOLD OUT OF ,NEVER GOT STRAIGHT ANSWER.HAD TO ORDER DIFFERENT COVER THIS TIME DRAKE.PRICE WAS ATTRACTIVE BUT JUST DID'T MAKE SIX MONTHS.
1,Underwhelmed. The fabric is thinner than OEM and it still requires unscrewing the door attachment to install. All that is needed is a bit of velcro and a buckle to thread this simple nylon strap and adjust its length. Inexpensive at $6/pair.
1,2 vehicles ... 3 year warranty and needed a replacement battery every spring. Warranty just ran out and of course the battery is dead. This company is low grade and greatly overpriced. Now i need to replace both batteries before the other just dies suddenly while out of town. I will never recommend or waste my money on Optima batteries again. Reliability is key and coming out of a store to a dead battery 3x in 3 years is enough to tell me the quality you expect for this price just doesnt exist.
1,Screw stripped out. Cheap.
1,I've had two of these on the back of my Jeep for about 6 months. One of them is just fine, but the other clearly has a problem with its seal. There's no way this is truly IP67 rated - there's so much moisture in here, mold has started to grow.
1,DID NOT EVEN COME CLOSE TO FITTING THE APPLICATION IT WAS RECOMMENDED FOR.
1,The little indicator light  burnt out after about 2min. Otherwise seems good
1,Part is not for a rhino 660. It's for araptor 660.
1,Hoses are hard as nails, won't stretch enough to get over the bleeder nipple on any brake i tried. Also the check valve requires ridiculous pressure to work, more pressure than a motorcycle's brakes can produce. (and yes I used the valve the right direction, i even tried the opposite to confirm that. neither way worked.)
1,Dead on arrival. Sender asked for inputs and I told him the same thing. I received no response from him. Not a word.
1,I applied this to a small stone nick.  It is too dark, and too brown.
1,Used this as a final top coat over G2 caliper paint. It's dulled the finish substantially.
1,I've tried twice to write a review on this product but Amazon will not allow my honesty...I'll just give it one star!
1,After a few months one of them died. Now I need to buy a new pair
1,Cheap ! 1 light lasted 5 min and nothing . Waste of money .
1,I purchased this item about a year ago and today when I decided to empty my gas tank because of some really really bad gas, I try to use it and the damned fitting came off and is now stuck in my tank!! What a piece of crap! Now I have to drop my tank in order to get this thing out of there.
1,Buy Rev X
1,0 stars would be better.  Dried out just sitting inside my RV.  Regular level I have sitting in the never dried out.  This should not do this.  Perfe piece of junk!
1,The led lights are very bright, but the plastic base is too thin, resulting in a loose fit and the lights fall out of the socket on my toyota.  Can't use them!  The conventional 3157 bulbs have a nice thermoset plastic base that holds tight.
1,I ran these for a little while but wasn't really impressed.  Sure, they have a very slightly whiter light due to the blue coating which actually blocks a little light, but otherwise they are very close to stock.  I installed 2.5W 5-chip LEDs instead which match my HIDs quite a bit better.
1,its for a small car not a standard bucket. Doesn't sit properly on the seat. Will definitely rip eventually.
1,Not worth a nickel. Wait 2months for it to come in then it falls off the next day. Don't do it.
1,The stitching is not very tight, but the material seems durable, time will tell if it holds ups. Either way because the stitching appears loose I will purchase another brand in the future.
1,Towels are not holding up will not purchase again! There falling apart, cheap!
1,edit/update:	Have had it now for going on two years.	It sux.	One has to cut-away too much area (about 16% of it by my reckoning) just to enable the rear seat latches and mounting points to function properly.	Originally I cut-away only those portions marked by RR as needing to go; that area wear the four rear seat attachment points mate to the floor. Uh-uh. No-go. The front latches would grab, but the rear two wouldn't - cause the rear seat NOT to be locked down to the floor, creating an unnerving/unsafe experience for rear seat passengers at worst, and at best an empty rear seat would loudly clang and buck and even fold up if the bumps were large enough.	Turns out you have to trim away a few more strips of the mat, places where the rear seat rides especially low to the floor, or where the mat especially rises up (it lays "generally flat", but it is rubber/vinyl so there are curves and contours in it that won't completely come out to become truly perfectly "flat"). By the time I cut-away enough mat to allow the rear seat to descend fully enough to positively lock into the rear attachment points, I estimate 16% of the sqare footage of the mat had to go. There are so many strips missing now that the raised walls along the edge to capture liquid are useless - any volume that would bump up against its walls would have already leaked through the large open gaps you cut away.	It does function okay in that portion which is rearward of the rear seat; that area needing no cut-aways. It works as a mat to place dirty items upon it and save your carpet but only in the "trunk" area of the jeep. But it no longer/in no way whatsoever will be able to contain any kind of spill (e.g. cooler tips over, pot of chili you're taking to the pot luck tips over, etc. All that liquid will just get into your carpet through the missing 16% of the mat that you had to cut-away from under the rear seat.
1,I bought this kit last May because of the good price. One of the ballast died a month after of short night time use to my surprise. Contacted OPT7 support team to which they responded quickly and even asked if the ballast was really dead. I told them that I am 100% sure that the ballast has failed because I swapped it to the other side of the car and it failed to light the bulb. So they immediately sent me a replacement ballast within 2 days. I was able to open the damaged ballast and see what's inside of it. I would say that these "fat" ballasts are crap and low quality compared to the slim digital ones. Better get those kits with a slim digital ballast for peace of mind.
1,Reception is awful. Looks good but can't even get local stations. It has already been replaced.
1,This filter/gasket does NOT include the drain plug gasket/crush washer, which is REQUIRED when doing a MINI oil change...EVERY TIME. For the same money, you can find other brands of equal-quality filter kits that include this. Or, you can get this one, and then pay an additional $12-$15 for the washer on Amazon. Look elsewhere; it's cheaper.
1,It's a good light and pretty bright but I think these people are COLOR BLIND because I ordered a RED one with a clear lens and I got a WHITE one instead.
1,Fatal flaw.  After about two years of service the suction cups act like a magnifying glass and melt the black plastic casing over time.  It warps, cracks and breaks.  Had this issue on a few other models as well.  It seems to be almost unavoidable.
1,<div id="video-block-RSIA2ZRB7RYMI" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91b-G-HRzdS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91Z9D-IVBbS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Seems to cause massive bearing wear.		After 100 miles my oil pressure started dropping, upon removing the oil cap you can see brass/gold flakes floating in the oil from the bearings.  Video attached.		Did raise my compression by 20 psi though!
1,This soap is great and the foam cannon is awesome until it breaks within a few uses. For the price this should be more durable. Ive used cheaper models/brands & never experienced these issues. Shop around first
1,Great lights for the price, both had scratches on them, one lens gaskets are to short so im worried about moisture, will update.		As feared the lens on one has moisture behind it, i contacted the seller and they asked for pictures which i sent, they asked if i could disassemble the light remove the lens clean out the fog and moisture and silicone it to seal it. no matter what the price is paid no company should ever ask a customer to do self repairs with no compensation. will not trust this seller again.
1,This light bar does NOT have the necessary wires to connect the amber and white lights to your car's fog and highbeam switches. Rather, it requires a remote control keyfob.		If you want to control the lights with real physical switches (the OEM switches that are already in your car, for example) it looks like the MicTuning lights are the only option.		Amazon's 30-day return period is too short for products like this. It took several weeks to get on the installers' schedule at my local car stereo shop. Then, they sat on my car for 3 weeks. Then, it took my several weeks to work out various lighting issues, such as the HID headlights, that I was installing at the same time. Now, I'm stuck with a light I cannot use.
1,this does not it my 1999 ford f150 but i did not find that out until i was having the pump changed a few weeks later
1,Sent these back - way too short life (NOT described in Amazon listing)
1,Two bottles of this brake fluid was purchased primarily because of the add-on price. Once received, I noticed that the cellophane safety seal under the cap wasn't very secure and peeled away from each bottle very easily, which made me wonder about the age and possibly of moisture contamination. I decided not to use this fluid for bleeding my brskes. Brake fluid easily attacks mousture.
1,From all the great reviews, I expected something better. It's magnetic and stays in place well. However, the printing on the magnet is of mediocre quality. It's mottled with minor but visible discoloration. I expected brilliant color but the color is flat. The picture of the item on Amazon looks great and that is what I was expecting. Not worth sending it back.
1,Didn't produce the light I was hoping for
1,I want to give this five stars, I really do. But I can't. While the bag was detached, the product's buckle/snap/lock thing on the strap that ties the bag to the bike was sitting in the crevice between the handlebars and the bike body and it broke when a mechanic turned the handlebars. I contacted the bag's manufacturer and asked for a replacement strap with the buckle piece on it. They replied and said they don't offer parts, only the whole bag as a complete set, and I should "try a crafts store".	So short of being creative with strap/buckle options, I'm basically out a $75 bag I can't use because of a flimsy piece of plastic that can't be replaced. I'm not buying another bag!! This sucks.
1,Not built nearly as well as the 4-way mini relay box. The 16-way fuse box may be the way to go, as it seems to be built similarly to the relay box.
1,Did not fit my Dodge Ram rims - too narrow
1,Each bulb went out after a week or 2
1,I literally unpacked this so called dent repair tool and placed it on a ding in my car.  I kid you not I went by the instructions word for word.  Pretty simple device to use right?  I barely gave it a pull after placing it over the small dent and it fell apart into 4 pieces.  I understand it's not a expensive fancy device here but really?  To beat it all it didn't even phase the small dent before it crumbled in my hands.  Very sad product so needless to say it went back in the pack and will be shipped back for a refund.
1,I used them for landing gear support and at the back supports for my 38' 5th wheel trailer along with the cap pieces by the same company. Some of the ones under the landing gear cracked immediately when weight was applied. I was shocked. As for the ones in the rear of the trailer, I used four of these with a cap piece. There is simply to much give in them. Not stable at all. I took them out and used concrete blocks. I give them two stars because of the handy bag they come in. I would not recommend this product.
1,Based on the reviews I had high expectations for this stuff. After being use to using P21S this stuff looks horrible. Please don't buy this stuff with the attention of your vehicle looking outstanding. Pay the money and go with liquid glass or P21S. You will thank me.
1,While i hate NGK plugs in general because they foul so easy or shatter randomly destroying my engine there is nothing els for a replacement in a better brand that still has a resistor! In my application with remote controls i am stuck constantly replacing NGKs because the resistor is required in this application. Many of the rest of you without a radio system right close could cross this to a AutoLite which is not resisted or many of the other better brands and have something of quality. Anything els i own and all customer machines i repair get anything other then a NGK if i can. I have to buy again and learned 20 years ago when you run a NGK keep spares around! Which is why i made this order and got more then one. Do your self a favor and buy extras! You will need them!
1,The product is great but the plastic plugs or connectors wear out too quickly, especially when the metal tip, at the cable end, doesn't stay and the connector itself pushes it off. The more you try to get back in, the more it wears the plastic out, to the point that the plastic connector won't hold it any more. Then is a nightmare to plug in. Rather than this, everything is fine.
1,Purchased this and the Innova 3149 Extension Cable.  As soon as I plugged in cable one of the metal prongs on Code Reader broke off.  Had to fashion a jumper wire to get it to work.  Seemed to read codes just fine but sending back for a replacement.  I would have gladly paid an extra couple bucks for them to make one with stronger metal tabs.  Seriously frustrating.
1,Do not buy I had to return two before I went to a local parts store to buy a replacement from another manufacturer. It cost me two weeks of driving my 1995 ford f150
1,While it works well enough, for the life of me, I can't figure out how to get the mop off the head for cleaning.  Tends to push dirt more so than pick it up so it requires multiple passes, especially along edges.
1,Quality is so so. They don't mount very solid. They are flickering 3 months after purchase. I'd stay away from them.
1,Thought this kit would supplement my meter that came with twist lock test leads. First set arrived with the black lead warped. Returned and received a second kit with the same issue. The probes still provide accurate measurements, however for the amount of money that you are spending there shouldn't be any deformities. Rather than try my luck a third time, I think i'll just buy the kit components separately as needed and steer clear of the test lead probes.
1,This helmet fogs up so much that it was outright dangerous so I had to return it. Save your money and get a good one that has a double pane mask so no fogging.
1,Laughably soft with little or no dampening on my 2003 Tahoe.  Doing the bounce test in the driveway I get 3+ rebounds before the chassis settles, going down the road the rig rolls and pitches and wobbles like mad.  The ride is nice and soft but only because these are barely providing any dampening and the whole rig floats and bounces and wobbles down the road.  They're actually so soft the suspension compresses from things as little as road crown, which then makes the rig wander like mad at highway speeds.  It wasn't until I installed proper OE replacements (which were actually cheaper than the Bilstein set) that I realized just how bad the Bilsteins are, they're really really terrible.  The only thing I can attribute all of the 5 starts reviews to is people considering an extremely soft ride as a good ride, while ignoring the need for proper dampening.
1,Didn't work as well as I expected, but that's what I get for trusting reviews on Amazon. ;)  Oh yeah, this stuff stinks so don't fool yourself that it won't.
1,<div id="video-block-R1H8GYSAKDUS2P" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71Q6yUJCrdS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1mHMH1xKpS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;This was very easy to install and works as expected. I'm writing a 1 star review because of the awful noise it makes EVERY single time it opens. I contacted the seller about this issue and they were quick to send me a replacement shock (kudos to them for great customer service) but the replacement made the same awful noise. Not a traditional smooth gas sound that you would expect but a shrill, nails on chalkboard scratching sound (listen to video to understand). I'm not going to bother with taking it off and returning it, got enough other stuff to do, but I wish I had listened to the other reviews and ordered a better quality one.
1,This was supposed to be 9.5 inches.  It's nowhere close to that.  It's not even 9.5" diagonally.  Very small.  Disappointed.
1,Came with only 2 screws. There are better products available.
1,Noisy pump
1,Hard to program and each time we use it, we have to bang it against the car for it to work.
1,Two years in a row I had to drain the fuel from my John Deere tractor because it wouldn't run on gas treated with this product.  I'll stick with Sta-bil marine grade, it's never let me down.
1,Rejex is suppose to not allow bugs to stick. After applying two coats to the front of our motor home. I found that there was little or no difference in how bugs stuck to the fiber glass front end. I would not recommend buying this product for this purpose.
1,4 of them did't work 5 were soldered off centered the rest worked fine.
1,these things suck. I have had to take my dash a part numerous times to readjust these sockets because for whatever reason they stop making contact.
1,Very limited parameter options offered.  Web description leads you to think it can offer more parameters than it actually does.  Do yourself a favor and get a wifi connected OBD II sensor and buy an app for your phone.  You can get allot more data for a fraction of the price and customize the dashboard(s) to show more info.  The apps also serve as a check engine fault reader and provides graphs and trend analysis.
1,Broke on first use. FIRST USE! Not my first time with winches either. Looks like winch cable snagged the skid plate on the bottom of the winch. I was stuck on the side of a hill so I carefully rolled out line and backed down the hill: only got worse. Metal shavings, metal plates all over the place. Got down the hill, made my way around, and tugged for half an hour to get things unstock. Glad it was within my replacement period.
1,I BOUGHT THIS TO REPLACE AN OLD ADAPTER I HAD. THE QUALITY HAS GONE DOWN. THIS MATERIAL IS NOT AS THICK AS THE OLD ONE AND IT HAS A PLAIN O-RING FOR THE ADAPTER INSTEAD OF THE OLD STYLE WITH A LIP AROUND THE EDGE. WHENEVER YOU INSTALL IT THE BOLTS PULL THROUGH THE PLATE DUE TO THE THIN MATERIAL. NEEDLESS TO SAY IT LEAKS VERY BAD AND I HAD TO REUSE MY OLD ONE.
1,These hooks are great, very high quality and strong enough for recoveries. The bolts are long enough for them to be applied to my 2006 Jeep Wrangler TJ: however, I had to put several washers under the bolt head to clear the bumpers, no big deal nor the fault of the product. The reason I gave this item a poor rating was because the metal clip that retains whatever you place in the hook rusted immediately. I had everything installed for a week and bother clips rusted out. They both look terrible now, and I think it is unacceptable that it would completely rust out before I even used them once. Months later, the clips have no paint left and are just gross rust. I am disappointed with the quality.
1,I Installed with relay harness first and light did not turn at all. tried reversing polarity as sometimes that's the problem but didn't work and i was surprised. i tried with switching ballast and bulbs and did not work either. I doubt but tried locating different ground. it also did not work. last attempt was directly connecting headlight bulb connector to power the kit on instead of using relay harness. it did not work. since i had experienced installing HID kit and had installed more than 4-5 kits could not believe i was testing every method i could think of and spending more than 40 minutes for this installation. who knows? wires might be broken? or simply i was unlucky person to receive defective item?	so, i contacted seller for refund and send junk back to them. they're not very RESPONSIVE! one e-mail per day!! and asking me several times on checking Reversing Polarity!!!!!! I would offer a customer replacement first regardless what customer said.	i gave up requested refund and  i didn't want to claim and hoped customer service is top as other review mentioned but my experience is not same as others received. I HAD GO THROUGH AMAZON CLAIM TO RECEIVE FULL REFUND!	and guess what? after i received refund from Amazon, they e-mailed me with return postage AFTER 7 DAYS!!! AFTER 7 DAYS!		I choosed this HID kit over Kensun but i should've gone with Kensun!	NO MORE "OPT7" product ever for me even other products are top quality! their service and response time quality is 0 not even 0 i would rate minus number if exist.
1,I had high expectations for this device. I was hoping I would be able to use it to accurately log my miles driven, cost of driving, etc. If you are looking for a slightly accurate device, it may work for you, if not, keep looking.		I drive the same exact route each morning and night. Depending on the day or direction, there could be over a mile difference (46 mile trip). Most of the issue stems from the device not liking to stay powered on all the time. In looking over previous trips recorded you can see where it will be off for many stretches of my trip home (it gets annoying when it keeps beeping, telling me that it's turned on). I'm also not sure where they pull data for how much each trip cost, it would be nice if I could input how much I paid for gas and how much I actually used. Then the number would be a little more accurate. I'm also not sure how they are calculating the MPG numbers as mine is ~4 MPG off.		The only thing I find it useful for is engine diagnostics. It warns me why my engine light has turned on and easily lets me search for the code or turn the light off. I've used it in a couple friends vehicles to turn their codes off as well, pretty straight forward process.		I'm keeping it for now, hoping that software updates are pushed to improve things, make it more usable and accurate. I don't expect much though, to be honest.
1,Not car sticker and they are all really small lame stickers wast of time and money i am pissed at what i got from these lame a** mofos never buying from them again on btw it take about a month month in a half befor you even recevie it.what a joke
1,Does NOT fit my Buick Roadmaster, mounting or fit in dash hole.
1,What was the nasty film all over this product!? Plus it didn't sit securely by any means. I returned it.
1,5/3/16	Got the replacement and it changed my Note 3 from 67% to 100%  and the device still had 4/4 led status.  I have yet to try and see if it will jump start a vehicle multiple times as it claims it can do.		4/11/16. Replacement came in and does not work at all.  Gave it a full charge but does not turn on at all.  No led status lights,  flash light don't work,  and does not charge on any of the usb ports.		Had it since sept 2015. Led status on the device shows 3 of 4 lights . Did not start the car at all.  It's a 3.5L van had to call a tow to jump.		3/31/2015  Nekteck is sending a replacement.
1,First off the threaded bushings in the plastic mount spin freely and fall out when you try to bolt it in (not excessive tork- spun before the bolt head was seated). Seller was great and, after confirming with a pic, they sent me a new housing. I had the same problem with 2 of the bushings in the new mount even after I cleaned the threads with a tap and oil for good measure. I had to use some Marine epoxy to make it work and was able to get it installed. Put bike away for winter a week after install, and after 3 rides this year I noticed several of the leds are out already. Seller won't do anything because it's been over 3 months. I doubt I have 10 hours on the light. Save your money and don't wasn't your time with this item. JUNK!
1,This one does fit per description but the vinyl is already coming off of the fabric....Cheap
1,I had a feeling the product would just be a fancy named detail spray.  And that's what I got.  It did nothing different on my matte paint and vinyl than any other detail spray.  It left no protection on the matte paint or the vinyl.  It did an ok job just wiping to remove hand prints or streaks, just like any other detail spray, and that was it.
1,UPDATE 6/22/16:	On the 16th it was the driver's side headlight that went out (after only 6 months). This morning, the passenger's side light went out on my way to work. I guess I should give Wagner props... at least their bulbs fail after a consistent amount of time.		ORIGINAL 6/16/16	Purchased this two pack back in December to replace the aging OEM bulbs on my 2010 Mazda 3. At that time, only one light was out, but I decided to replace both at the same time. For the first few months, these worked great. However this morning one of the bulbs had burnt out. That's only six months after being installed. Maybe I got a lemon, but that seems like pretty poor quality to me.
1,I ordered 30 degree spot, I got 60 degree flood! Not happy! I expect to get what I order. Now I will have to ship back and then wait for replacement to be sent this makes for a lot of wasted time.
1,Doesnt even work. So far off. JUNK. Im past the window to return so I guess Im out the money. 20 degree difference when compared to my calibrated lab thermometer. Said 20 degrees when actual was 40. Said 40 when actual was 60.
1,Anco 31 series 22 inch.  Broke after 3 months.  Frame is made of plastic.  Frame broke.  Also had 24 in version, plastic arm adapter broke in two months.
1,broke within 2 days, just stoped switching colors and got stuck on orange. absolutly hate orange so i took everything out and through it out. belongs in trash
1,I used this same number of Fram filter before for my Tacoma Truck. It work for >40K mile. but, When I check this flter and the other(I bought 2 diffrent filter for the other car Honda G6826) I notice something is wrong on Fram filter. The filter itself looks same, but if you look into inside the fitting, They spray the black paint inside the thread and sealing area. how do I know if the paint is not spray inside the filter element? I use magnifing glass to look inside, it seems it does have some black paint. I believe this is wrong, gasoline can melt the paint and cause injector clog up. when I look my old filter, both ends had no paint cover the fitting as well as in the thread area.		Unless Fram can tell me I am wrong. I will advice reader a zero star for Fram gas filters!! (if there is zero). You know What I mean!!
1,I used this product a few times on one of my headlights that was starting to oxidize and it covered up the problem, but within a few washes and a few more applications, it actually made the oxidation worse. Maybe I used it incorrectly, I'm not really sure, but I haven't used it since. That headlight was eventually restored by a professional and then replaced as it got damaged in an accident. I do like Meguiars products, just not this one. My other headlight is starting to look a little shabby and I decided to use Ultimate Compound by Meguiars and it has done a much better job. I also used it on my girlfriend's and dad's headlights and the Ultimate Compound really cleared away the oxidation. I then followed that with some carnauba wax, very nice.
1,The bulbs are not the same level of brightness as the non-chromed amber 194 bulb.  This could be an issue with law enforcement and state inspections.  Not to mention it may be an issue with other drivers since in my case this is a side-front marker bulb that cycles with the front turn signal bulb.
1,Wouldn't recommend this at all, you spend 43$ to get a package that doesn't come with anything. You have to buy all the accessories and it's not worth it at that point. Please go find something else. It's 12$ just for the connector cable to hook this up to a wall instead of a 12v car lighter slot....		Seriously, don't waste your time. It's a worthless investment, much better out there for cheaper and it will provide EVERYTHING YOU NEED.
1,Adhesive very strong but not impressed with the brightness of light. You need to look hard into the vehicle to see it blinking. I would not purchased again but would look for a light that can be seen from a distance outside of the vehicle not 12 inches away. if I could return I would.  I placed it right in front of rear view mirror
1,Wrong description of the product. Seller did provide refund.
1,In service under 3 weeks. The vacuum breaker is no longer functional. Upon cooling down, the upper radiator hose collapses under vacuum. Worthless.  I won't buy another radiator cap online - better to get one in store warranted that can be returned.
1,I received a brake pad that had a bad casting (will attach a picture). Seems that the pads may've been returned already as the bag of clips were already open and the pad had signs that someone attempted to fit them.	I had to visit a few auto parts stores before I found one that would exchange them for me but did find a place that was kind enough to do so.	They do fit my 2010 v6 RAV4 correctly.
1,Unit arrived missing the float, pick-up screen, lock ring & gasket. The pick-up didn't have the same shape or length as my original one. I too may have been able to "make it work" but not with missing parts so back it goes. My car was a 1964 Chrysler New Yorker.
1,This was purchased for the small O-rings but 3 of 4 could not be used as they were too large (these small o rings go inside the spark plug tube seals) and when tightening the valve cover down would bulge out of the spark plug seals. I have a persistent oil leak and I will find the o-rings elsewhere to fix this problem
1,Used thes once and they were total crap... Electrode in the middle is wire thing and disapears back into the housing as they ware..		Tested on a 3.1L multiport buick Regal Custom.
1,The Mighty Vac feels like a solid product and it comes in a large box with a lot of extras in it.  My reason for the poor review is that it literally takes forever to suck out the brake fluid from your lines.  I have used vacuum power bleeders before in shops and they suck the fluid out FAST, so fast you have to be careful not to run the reservoir dry.  This unit takes forever at the recommended PSI. It would literally take five minutes to drain a motorcycle brake fluid reservoir if you were to try and do so.  There is ample vacuum at the end of the hose when used at the recommended PSI, so I'm not sure what the problem is.		Additionally, the little fluid that comes out just stays in the hose until you remove it from the bleed nipple because, for some strange reason, a constant vacuum is created between the Mighty Vac and the brake caliper. This occurs whether or not you open the bleed valve a small amount, or until the point that it is ready to fall out. I never encountered this issue with the commercial units.  One other complaint is that it is noisy, whereas the commercial units I used were silent.  Even when you are not using it, it is hissing loudly and draining your compressor of air.  I would hesitate to use this on my truck since it took forever to bleed the brakes on my motorcycle.  Might just sell it and bleed brakes the old fashioned way.
1,I installed this in a 2005 Chrysler PT Cruser. The mount do not extend far enought and rubs agenst the transmission. The rubber is too hard and you feel vibration. The counter weight is also missing. I had to install OEM mounts.
1,entered correct info for vehicle,this part and the gasket was incorrect....not worth the hassle to return,a write off.all other parts received were correct.
1,After a few weeks of having these. I had to replace a few of them. Also I thought these would be brighter. I can barely see them at night.  I use them for my dashboard  and I am using the pink leds. Since I switched to led I noticed that when I purchased a large amount of leds in one package the quality wasn't that great. If I were you spend a little bit more and stay away from these.
1,none of the spray triggers on any of the bottles worked.  Mother's must have had a bum run of spray bottles, but you think with their reputation they would've repackaged instead of passing faulty crap to their swear-by customers
1,Its a ball.  The only down fall is the chrome rubs off easily.  I have another brand and towed my 28 ft. Magic with it.  When i disconnected it the ball looked brand new.  I did the exact same tow with this ball and when I disconnected my trailer, a lot of the chrome was already worn off.
1,I have purchased several of these over the years and the latest one was the worst. The last one I received was made in China and this one was made in Thailand. The screen was visually larger and there went as many pleats, also the seam was very noticeable.
1,Doesnt fit like it said it would
1,I had this only for about 4 months. Had it on my Subaru Forester in the Northeast. I finnaly needed to remove it and the lock itself is all gunked up with debris and rocks (even had the rubber boot sealed over the key hole )I can't even get the key in. Looks like I will have to break this piece off. Pretty unhappy with it.
1,good but edges are bad.
1,WONT STAY ON
1,Sucks should be thrown away sent me 2 broke before I got a good one need 3 washers to make it stay can't see behind you wast of money only thing it good for is the guys to check there make up and hair while riding
1,Clips don't hold on to a Jeep Wrangler wiper arm...actually fell off during use.
1,Complete garbage.  Spent hours setting up and running wiring perfectly, would not light up.  I completely removed it and tested it right up to the battery and still would not light up. I am mad I did not test it before installation, but at least it's now wired for a new light bar.  I am in the process of returning it now.
1,I have never been able to get this to work. Not sure if it was programmed correctly by Car Alarm Depot of not. I may try again sometime but after 3 failed attempts and 1 new immobilizer I gave up. This $100 remote start has set me back 2 bones already. You get what you pay for I guess.
1,Dose not fit the 2010  Z4..FRONT BRAKES	SENSOR  IS FOR THE REAR...
1,idle hunts badly after warming up, doesn't compensate for AC when switched on and car will die.
1,Junk from a Cracker Jack box basically	Two tiny little poor quality decals	I guess we all make bad online choices sometimes. This was one of mine
1,Light is not very bright and the spot light parts on the light bar don't shine any distance. Kinda disappointed. Im buying a different one because Im not happy with this one
1,Dont fit 2004 like described
1,I returned the light kit as I chose to avoid a nightmare by trying to splice into the correct wiring in my 2007 Chevy Tahoe LTZ. My truck already had courtesy lights under the side view mirrors. Unless you really need the additional light, skip it.
1,Although the color of this paint is pretty accurate, as others have said the brush takes an arm and a leg to remove (literally). If you do manage to get the brush out the paint dries very fast and becomes sticky making it very difficult to get a smooth finish. Amazon was nice enough to issue me a refund I think I will buy a tube from VW next time.
1,Returned
1,Crap. Lasted two more than and now keeps power cycling . Do not waste your money .
1,Vehicle tested: 1996 Mazda Miata. Your results may vary, depending on the shape of your bulb housings, reflectors, diffusers, etc.		PRO:	-Very red.	-Fits intended socket.	-As a tail light, works as intended.		CON:	-Does not get much brighter when brakes are applied, not enough of a difference to be safely used.		WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.
1,Not new car smell
1,These switch the wrong way,instead of yellow flashing and on white, its on yellow, flashing white, which you cannot use because it must flash yellow to be legal complete trash don't buy, i even have a led flasher and they still don't work.
1,The belt did not fit. It says for Honda odyssey 2007 but definitely is not. We got the correct belt from advance
1,Waste of money! Very cheaply made. Broke first time I tried to lower it. Visor is so thin that attachment to hinges won't allow it to lower entire visor simultaneously, causing one side to stick, leading to breakage.
1,Box broke in shipping, bar was missing...
1,Didn't come with any mounting hardware and the mounting holes didn't line up. Luckily I own a small welding and machine shop. If I would of known the fit was this far off and no mounting hardware I would have made my own. Its not a bolt on and go so be prepared to buy hardware and make modifications to get it on your rig. I recommend looking elsewhere.
1,Like the material - nice and thick leatherette - should last.  Good packaging and delivery.		The problem is they don't fit too well.  Loose on the front seats and very loose on the back. I'm going to keep them because it's such a pain to put them on I don't want to go through it with another pair.  I'll keep them till they wear out and get something that fits better.
1,Super cheap and thin material. Started putting into my 2012 Toyota Prius and stopped 5 minutes in because I realized I get laughed at by my friends. You get what you pay for. Threw this away in the garbage.
1,doesn't work save your money
1,Will not fit a 2008 or 2009 BMW 535i. These are for heavy winter weather and look well made but not for my car.
1,Buttons didn't function properly. One would work the other required multiple presses, worked fine on my old one, just replaced as faded.  Would cost as much to return it.
1,Don't snap fit when I tried to reattach door panel.	They look right, but don't fit very well.
1,if that something you want then this is a good choice.,	if no, then it isn't.,other then that its an innertube.,
1,Didn't work
1,Plastic is not very strong short time after using it it started to come apart don't know how long it will last but I'm gonna have to replace it.
1,As far as lug nuts, these seem like good lug nuts. The blue is a nice shade, but, as stated in other reviews, the paint flakes off so easy. I tried the plastic baggy trick someone mentioned, but the paint still flaked.
1,This was a gift. Should have tried it out at once. When I did attempt to charge a battery it showed fault. Tried again on a good battery. No display at all. You do not know if it is charging or not. Hard to tell without a display to let you know. I would never purchase a Black and Decker charger again. Beware!
1,Okay product.  Did not come with the proper screws and the actual plug does not fit tight enough inside the bracket.  Still feels like I have to hold the back of the plug when I'm connecting my wire for my trailer.  Spend a little extra money and get the CURT 58001 Easy Mount Electrical Bracket and you will be much happier.
1,Garbage - Does not power on or provide any output at all.
1,was not as sturdy or as many folds as OE.  Takes a little force to put in...guess it'll work
1,Won't stay on
1,You get what you pay for.  They cost very little and work ok.
1,Saddle Blanket Standard/Full Bench Seatcover  is a cheap product. The reason they don't show a back is because there isn't one-just real long 'strings' to tie across the back. I returned it.
1,Did not control odor.  I went back to Campa Chem Natural.
1,These are great if you just want a metal cap. The black wears off very quickly--about 4 months and I was out of the country for nearly 3 of those... Probably 1000 total miles driven. The caps are nice, sure, but I don't like the brown highlighting my wheels
1,Could not Use it . Did not fit my 2010 lancer es
1,It's cheaply made. It's thin, but for $10, it works. I HIGHLY recommend cleaning it with acetone, hit it with coat of primer, and then a few coats of plastic friendly paint in a color of your choice. This will prevent it from oxidizing and becoming brittle prematurely from UV light.
1,Worst paint ever!  Have shot lots of paint and just finished some motorcycle parts with Rustoleum Enamel Professional - black went on great.  This stuff I have now had to sand back down and reshoot twice and it's still not right.  The gloss isn't glossy and the paint will lift if you have not used "beyond operating room" surface prep.  Bought because I wanted fuel resistance but if I'm never finished, it won't matter.
1,I expected it to last a bit longer........great product just not very durable...
1,My car is a gorgeous, dark gold and this stuff is yellow. Now to figure out how to get it off!
1,The size, colors, detail, etc was spot on. However, the colors started fading very fast after just one week. I would not recommend using this product outside or in direct sunlight.
1,there has to be a cheaper alternative
1,What is this, a brake bleeder for ants?? (it's a Zoolander reference for the uninitiated)		I base most of my Amazon purchases through product reviews, but this time I ordered in a rush and didn't read any.  I certainly won't make that mistake again anytime soon after this useless piece of plastic showed up at my door.		First, this thing is way to small to be effective for anything larger than a minibike.		Second, I picked this up for about 5 seconds to give it a squeeze, and any printed text my skin came into contact with was promptly transferred from the bottle to my palm and fingers like a cheap temporary tattoo.		Third, do you think the quality control is very high with a product that no one could figure out that they spelled "label" incorrectly?		If I could send a note to my past self prior to clicking the order button, my words of wisdom would have been to spend that money on tacos instead.  Or literally almost anything else.  Seriously, don't waste your money on this.
1,I got the large. This is not hard foam at all. Don't get me wrong - it's super comfortable, soft, and nice to put your arm on. But I wanted a bit of height added to my center console. If I lean any portion of my weight other than my arm onto it, it immediately sinks down to probably 1/4 - 1/2" high (my expectations were ~1.5" with some leaning weight), and isn't so comfortable anymore. So for the car, it's pretty useless.
1,The good news:  if this shift peg cover actually fits and stays on, it might look better than the black rubber OEM cover.  And on some bikes, it could lengthen the peg a bit, making shifting a little easier.	The bad news: the set screw is poorly designed in several ways.  The tiny hex fitting requires a rare size Allen wrench that few sets include.  And it does very little to actually secure the cover on the shifting peg, no matter how tight you crank it down.  More bad news: if the shaft on your shift peg isn't very close to the same size as the inside of the cover, it will be loose.  If the fit is pretty tight, the rubber insert gets distorted and doesn't stay centered in the slots of the frame. The worst news: this one cracked shortly after being installed, so I put the old OEM rubber sleeve back on and returned the poorly designed, overpriced Kuryakyn cover for a refund.
1,The supplier sent wrong part.the part was for the wrong year model tacoma and would not fit at all. I was forced to return it.
1,Top corner was broke off
1,NOT high temp. At least they admit is polyethelyne. If you need high temp, get Nylon. This stuff melted right next to some old nylon loom that had been in the same place for many years.
1,did not really grab it
1,I went through two of these in attempting to remove the ball joint from the spindle on a 2001 Mustang.  Both tools broke, the first one at the two pronged side, the second at the single prong side.  Both times the tool went flying off with a lot of force and is very dangerous.  Thankfully Amazon refunded my money.  I finished the job with an old school pickle fork, should have used that from the get go.
1,Pros: Color-match	Cons: applies thin and runny	Compared to other spray-paint products I have used in the past, I was disappointed.  In trying to cover an area with enough color so the primer coat won't show through, you run the risk of runs - it sprays on like water. My next order went to another brand I can "t-rust".
1,I ordered 2 for two vehicles. Only opened one and after using it for a few days I gave it away. Not worth the money. Clips hold the item to the visor but it will not stay folded up it falls so I had to leave it down all the time until I gave it to a friend of mine.
1,The buttons are very hard to push.
1,Kind disappointed.  I thought it would be brighter. For the price is not good all .
1,Ive ordered from Kensun before and I know they do have good quality but this wasn't their best. Im very disappointed in the product. It arrived on time and looked great but one bulb lasted only 2 weeks from installation. Thats ridiculous.
1,Had to hack it up pretty bad to get it to fit.  Side mounts were not compatible with my radio adding extra installation time.  Would not purchase again.
1,I have tried to use this product many times and it hasn't helped me at all.  I have lost confidence in this product.  It's easy to use but has never found me one bad wire yet.  I tend not to use it anymore unless I have no time constraints whilst doing the job.  Even then I don't really trust the results due to poor results before.  Wish It had some sort of electrical buzz when a short is found rather than just a sweeping gauge.
1,Fit seats good enough for what it is, but as it is not a custom fit then it don't look great. Material very thin.
1,Junk don't waste your money.  Did not work and had to buy the real version.  Those work great just buy the good ones.
1,The look is very nice and its would be a good product if they would stay in. I have lost all but 1 of them in a few days. Don't waste your money.
1,Didn't fit my 2012 Kia Sorento Like the Amazon fitment said it would.  So I paid paid almost $50 for sparkplugs I cant use.  Not happy about this.
1,They do not fit a 2004 G35x sedan.
1,junk
1,THEY BURN OUT---AND YOU CAN REPLACE OR RETURN AFTER 30 DAYS --STAY AWAY FROM JDM PRODUCTS
1,Needed to replace worn out HID in a 2006 Chrysler 300C. Local auto stores wanted $100 each for these so decided to give these a shot. After a month of use, one of these gave out. Went to my local Auto parts store and got U.S. made replacements. Just a reminder that, in general, you get what you pay for.
1,I have a 2016 GMC sierra SLT short box bed with a plastic drop-in liner.  This mat rolls up on the sides of the drop in liner by 1.5 inches and extends 2 inches too long at the tailgate. The mat did fit around the two wheel wells.  My dad told me that cutting the mat's length off at the tailgate would ruin the mat.  My intention for purchasing this mat was to reduce items from rolling around inside the truck bed's plastic drop-in liner.		This mat probably does fit a 2016 GM sierra SLT that DOES NOT have a drop in liner or has a sprayed on liner without any overlap.  It would be nice if this type of mat were designed in such a way that the overlap that occurs in a drop in liner could be easily cut away without disturbing the design....the same way vinyl floor mats have been designed to fit in cars with different size footwells.  I can't be the first person who wants to put a bed mat down on top of a drop in liner.
1,This is just a plastic stick on and it looks rednecky having it on your bike. I sent mine back the next day.
1,The bushing is too tight for the hold. When they get in it cracked. All 4. I don't recommend. I owned a 1999 chevrolet s10
1,It fills up with water when it rains. It does not seal tight at all. Mine is about half full of water.
1,Update:	It was easy to use, and I like the end fittings, but the hose does not last!!	1 1/2 years old and it has developed pin holes.	I do not leave it connected as the majority of my camp sites do not have sewer hookups.  So I am disappinted at how quickly this has failed!		Will not buy again.
1,Not worth it. They do not work. Not worth it.
1,This was a piece of junk. The scraper scratched my windshield the first time I used it to scrape the ice off my windshield. The scraper later fell off. It was just glued onto the bottom of the rod. Would not buy again.
1,I used this to touch up paint for a few small chips on a 2008 Ford Ranger, however, a few weeks later after my truck had just been washed I noticed that all the spots where I used the touchup paint the paint had peeled off and taken some of the original paint and clear coat as well.  I had a chip on my hood about the size of a pencil eraser now it's about the size of a dime and the clear coat has peeled off an area about the size of my palm...I was better off with the chips in my paint.		My guess it this stuff adheres to the paint and clear coat around the edges of what you're touching up but does not adhere to what's underneath, maybe I needed to prep the site better then just washing but definitely wouldn't think this would actually cause more damage.
1,not recommended
1,They initially worked as intended, but after 1 month the slides that lock the grips in place started to crack. They won't hold to the car cover now. Perhaps if the clips were metal they would last longer.
1,no le vi lo interesante!
1,Vendor advertised fits F-150.  I have a 2015 F-150 and it doesn't come close to fitting.
1,1 light went bad after less than a few months.. would not recommend.
1,did not do anything trans. is still shifting hard .
1,Can't really see the difference in gas mileage or throttle response if you ask me it was a waste of money
1,Installed in my garden tractor, it ran great for about an hour.  Then quit.  After sitting about an hour it worked again. Need a pump that will work for more than a hour at a time.  Not happy.
1,UPDATE: After just a few months of use the barrel of the locking	mechanism moved (on it's own) and is now stuck in a position	that the key cannot be inserted to lock or unlock the system.		So it is now is useless.		Fits the coupler great and is tight.	Easy to put on an "feels" better than using just a lock	through the latch.....which I do even with this installed.		The only downside is the key is a little sticky sometimes	and won't go to the lock/remove position easily.
1,This does not fit my 35 foot motor home.  The roof is not wide enough, so one side is about 4-5 feet too short.  The front and back are too long.  Had very hard time putting it on.  My husband hates it, says it should not get any stars.  The material is not very thick.  Already had a cut in the front side.
1,Junk!. Viynl already cracked and fraying
1,I ordered several - big mistake.  The color doesn't match my vehicle which is only a few months old.  Even though the paint code on the product is identical, it's too light and almost silver.  I seriously doubt that this product is a "genuine Mazda" product.  Go to your local dealer and order some touch up paint as I did in order to get a perfect match.
1,How I wish I return it! Totally no use to fix the dent.
1,I had two problems with these remotes.  1) One of the remotes came with a battery that was completely dead.  2) I got the second remote working but every time I pressed the door unlock button, the horn on my 4Runner would start honking (panic mode).  To fix this problem I took the remote apart and removed the little red plastic piece for the panic button.  All three buttons on the front of the remote work fine now.
1,After 5 months the other ligth doesnt turn off. I have to disconnect it
1,Put on as directed and let cure 24 hrs. Came off as i was readjusting the mirror. Amazon apparently allows you no recourse, so be prepared to lose $5 and 1/2 hour of your life just to do it again the next day.
1,Knob was essential for handicapped controls.  The bracket bent as well as was loose fitting on steering wheel.  The knob eventually became unseated from the pressed insert and was then totally unusable.  This is a defective item.
1,EDIT: THESE THINGS DRAIN THE S*** OUT OF YOUR BATTERY!! When I have these hooked up, even if they are not on, I have battery problems. Battery will randomly cut out. With them on, the bike idles rough. It is like they are drawing too much power, because after a few minutes of idling the bike just cut off like the battery died. Dunno what to do about it. They are pretty much useless if I have to take off the seat and unplug them when they are not in use.		Cheap and very easy to install. Took me about 3h, but most of it was trying to figure out where the lights would work best. Ridden in the rain with them a couple times so far and they still work great. The remote gives plenty of color options and best of all, you can change the brightness of the LEDs between 4 settings I believe. I use it so I am more visible at night & in the rain.		Only issues I have are that there is no amber/yellow light option (closest is yellow green) and the remote sometimes takes a couple of solid button presses to work. Other than that, very nice.		If I am in the 3rd floor of my building and my bike is in the basement parking garage almost directly below, I can press the button as I get in the elevator and the lights will be on when I get down...
1,I bought these because they appeared and felt durable.  They are by far the nicest looking hand guards, but they are weak.  They bend and have to be hammered back out in even relatively minor fall overs.  Because they are not up to the task, I can't recommend them.
1,Bowed out spot in a couple of them once fastened. I hate them. Been putting sticks under them against frame to try and push them out. Terrible
1,Edelbrock used to stand for quality.  The old man must be turning over in his grave that such poor quality is being sold under his name.  Looks like it was made by third graders in China using rocks.
1,The Stens 520-080 kit lacks the float needle valve seat, some of the needle valves supplied in the B&S 694056 kit and also lacks the fuel pump springs. I needed the parts not included for my particular carburetor so this kit was a waste of time for me. So beware this kit will NOT service all carburetors that the OEM 694056 will. I ordered the B&S 694056 kit that had the parts I needed and had my mower up and running quickly.
1,light are ok but the stiky part not sowell but we can still use them
1,The white running was AMAZING, but that is all I got. No turn signal.  I have LED all the way around without hyperflashing so I know that is not the problem.  These would not flash yellow, only pulse a light white.
1,Did not work properly, caused all kinds of circuit issues with my car. Example told me my taillight was out. They look dimmer than stock bulbs because of the red reflector.
1,be careful when you look at a picture because the picture that it shows is not what you get you get a clear little tiny windshield to put on your bike the only reason why I'm keeping it is because I hate to return other than that it would go back quicker than quick Staten Island New York lady rider
1,Received mine with the "enamel" paint rust protection chipped on several areas of the spring. Also, The fork end is actually thinner than the stock honda ones, not to mention the welding is not completely around the fork joint but only on both sides. Seems overall quality IS lacking, when compared to the OEM honda ones. Very disappointed, considering the hype from their website. Also, you may need to buy different bolts for the fork end since the OEM ones do not fit the included nut (a bit small). Seems you might be better off with stock replacement struts.
1,One of the air bladders has a small leak. Absolute pain to get in so hook it all up and test for leaks before installing cause it's a pain to get back out too.
1,I like the concept of how this thing charges--several levels, plus maintenance. Seems great so far...time will tell.		EDIT:  After only a few uses I absentmindedly happened to connect it to the wrong battery terminals. It started smoking almost immediately and I disconnected it from the battery & unplugged it from the wall.  Now it won't charge at all. Junk.		My mistake, yes, except the other smart chargers I have (like the low-end Stanley) let you know you have it hooked up wrong, I thought this one was supposed to too. I guess it did that...by sending up a smoke signal as it died!
1,Got product fairly quick but could not get it to stick on my vehicle window I followed the directions exactly and still couldn't get it to stick kept twisting at this point its Sits Crooked And make no this is a brand new vehicle I have had less than four days so the windows are clean non-waxed and I clean them again with the Windex and clean agents let it dry 100% and tried after
1,Normal Lights work better then these...these would almost be considered unsafe, could hardly see with these, put factory bulbs back in.
1,These things are very tricky, they don't have support past 2 years and they don't tell you this when you purchase it. There are serial numbers on the connectors. Mine came with a 983.... serial number. Come to find out the support for this scanner ran out in 2014, was sold to me in 2015 new without any mention of no support beyond 2014, no software upgrades available.		You do get a lot of coverage, not all of it works very well. You do get an android operating system, useless without ability to update.		do a lot of homework on these before purchasing, and make sure you have a way to get your money back if everything isn't as advertised.
1,The exterior spray is excellent.  The tire shine is the worst product I've ever used in 40 years.  Sprays like water, no matter how well you shake it. Goes on like water and comes right off like water. 4 stars for the exterior spray.  0 stars for the tire shine.  I haven't tried the interior cleaner.  Finally tried the interior cleaner. I would rate it a 1. The only decent product in the kit is the exterior spray.  Not worth the money.
1,I ordered because this product stated this would fit my car a 06 Nissan xterra.	Had high hopes because I trusted this would fit my car and it would look awesome .	Shame on me . Nope parts don't fit my car
1,Soft and pliable as it WAS NOT! NO WHERE IN THE DISCRIPTION DID THE SELLER STATE THAT IT COULD ABSOUTELY NOT BE USED IN COLD WEATHER CONDITIONS UNDER 65 DEGREES. I recently went upstate NY and it was cold...artic cold...this bag turned into a hard plastic Rubbermaid container...3 people had to wrestle the "entire " bag off the roof of the car and took an act of congress to get the zipper open barely enough to get the items out.	I WAS SOOOO MAD, THE BAG WAS LEFT AT THE PARKING AREA WITH A NOTE BY ME..."ITS A NICE BAG, WATERPROOF, STRONG, BUT CAN ONLY BE USED IN THE LOWER STATES WHERE THE TEMP IS ABOVE 60 DEGREES...GOOD LUCK FOLDING, TRY DEFROSTING FOR A FEW HOURS PRIOR TO ATTEMPTING FOLDING "  WOW, never again will I ever buy something like that again...noooo way.
1,broken after about a year. real light & feels cheap.  also, the eyehole metal attached to the battery is really thin.  my eyehole ring somehow burned right through & had to get another.  why cant they make the metal thicker? what's the additional cost? 10 cents?
1,Several people tried But couldn't get it working
1,I received a PF47E...
1,They left out one major important thing on this. It doesnt have the posts to screw into to hold it down. Also doesnt have the tabs. Why they did not include this one major important thing, who knows. So this thing just sits on top and flopps around. Very poor design. Definitely not worth what they charge for this.
1,The "e" got stuck when I tried to put in on my car, it just didn't stick to the sticky side properly. So I only kept the cat image only. Very sad.
1,Don't waste your time or money. I ended up removing it.
1,It melted while on my shelf
1,Poor design for my application. Might work for others. Returned
1,Has gaps that is not flushed in, the gaps creates the mat to slide top left and right due to slack not worth the money all all, people save your money and trust me on this
1,Ordered this product six months ago and one Bob already blew out
1,I own a jeep and my cup holders are way bigger that the holder the tray comes with, so it doesn't fit at all I'm not sure if it said the size when I ordered it but if you have large cup holders this won't fit.
1,Can't say I recommend this. Honestly, the pressure you get from a water hose isn't enough to get a good foam, especially if you have hard water like. It only foams on lowest setting and by using a ton of soap, and it is still so runny that it won't stay on my truck in time for me to get to it with the mitt.
1,I am quite disappointed in the sound of these horns. They are some what loud as advertised, but they have the sound of an old sick Volkswagen horn. I am a ASE certified Master Auto Mechanic, & over my 42 year career as such Ive replaced,& installed many horns. I mounted them with the brackets provided to the mounting location of the OEM horns, & they are a sad excuse for a dual horn set up. I won't buy these again for any vehicle.
1,Very loose fitting, tighten all the way and still moves around a lot.
1,Not impressed with the quality. Cheap materials. One broke while being installed. The brackets are not strong and will crack while riding. I recommend the extra money and just buy the name brand. This is Chinese junk
1,not working.....
1,Does not fit my '05 Avalanche 1500. Similar in design, screw mounting holes are not the same. Tried to do a return, they wanted to charge almost as much as I paid for the unit, for shipping it back to them. I ended up creatively engineering new screws,  utilizing one of the factory ones. The unit would fit fine if the screw tabs were like original equipment. It's installed, it does work, but had to tinker. Not thrilled about that really since it's advertised for a Chevy 1500, which the Avalanche is essentially a 1500 pickup with added crap to the bed.
1,Returned was unable to use on the passenger seat handle.
1,Returned item, but I did purchase a used unit and you get what you pay for.
1,I thought I was buying an outlaw tube but a protrax tube came in the mail. I am fully satisfied with outlaw products but have been done wrong by protrax in the past. However the tube is definitely heavy duty about he same thickness of a STI tube but a little more than I can pick up at my local dealer for.
1,The package I got did have what is shown - and was returned.  The mounting hardware was great - but the plastics looked like cheap props from an old Godzilla movie.
1,Did not fit as described	Fitting on servo end requires commercial installation of one time use fitting not on this hose.	Very few steering hoses are like one size fits all socks.	This one was not even the correct diameter.	One case where I should have paid more attention when buying and the pictures and reality did not match.  This was my fault.	Supposed to fit but not ever going to.
1,These will NOT fit the standard H1 bulb sockets (neither FOG Lights nor HIGH beams) for a 2009 Hyundai Sonata !!!
1,Seems like a OK filter. I'm glad I didn't use it. The ADBV had a crack in it from the manufacturer.
1,I ordered 3500k yellow bulbs, they didn't match in color, they looked green, and one stopped working on the second night after install. Bad ballasts with this kit I assume. Go elsewhere
1,They leak at the fittings They should go back to the OLD FITTINGS.
1,waste of money. the metal bands broke right away. and they already ripped and i only had them on for about a month
1,Put this on my 13 2500hd and ended up taking it off. It caused my truck to pull to the right pretty significantly. It did tighten the steering up, but the pull was worse.
1,I have purchased three of this brand batteries and have had two fail. Specifically, the first time I let the motorcycles sit for a few months without the charger plugged in, they then refused to charge. The battery tender just sat with a blinking red indicator. Am also not thrilled with Amazon for not taking them back since it was over 90 days. I have had much better luck with Shorai, which is in my other bikes.
1,Worst product ever and not the sellers fault. They are impossible to keep clean to actually use.
1,Probably my bad.  Looked like the size I measured, but I guess they measure it from the outside..or..inside?  OR somehow different than I measured it.  So I returned it and ordered a Thetford 02283C 02283 Garden Hose Adapter which did fit.
1,I'm sure this is one of those oddities, but this battery fully charged up, will not turn the engine over on my DR650 more than two revolutions at a try. I put my old Yuasa Battery (6 years old) back in and it works fine.  I was hoping they would offer me a replacement battery, but they just sent me a shipping label to send it back.  This one is remaining at over 13 volts, and I've not had a battery do that before, so I think I just got a dud.
1,Too heavy returned seller did a good job on returning item.
1,Bought this product to help lower my cars operating temperature.  Following the directions, I added it to my cars cooling system two weeks ago.  I've seen absolutely no improvement what so ever.  Save your money, this stuff just doesn't work....
1,I bought two of these to delay starting my RV A/C's indoor fan for about 10 seconds after the compressor starts to reduce the A/C startup load on my generator. (I'd intended to put one on the High Fan wire, and one on the Low Fan wire).  My complaint is that even making micro adjustments to the settings knob, the delay jumped from three seconds to mid-20 seconds. There appears to be no way to get anything in between.  Both of the timers behave the same way - appears to be a design "feature."		So, my A/C compressor starts, then 20+ seconds later, on comes the indoor fan.		Granted, I'm using this in a 12V application, and the package does indicate 18-277V. Maybe they really don't work quite right at 12V.
1,Lasted 32 days, BOTH brackets broke, when I removed them, both were filled with water
1,I read the reviews after ordering, I cancelled them as soon as I could, but they soon arrived. I think these are toy Chocks or something, Definitely not safe for use on a car or truck. So light they would be blown about by the wind. Believe the reviews!!
1,There was no way I was gonna be able to stretch these over my 7/8 bar as they appeared to be about an 1/8 too small.	 The package said they were right size, but I don't think so. Returnen them for refund.
1,It's ok if you don't mind this being TAPED to your paint!  Going back because of that fact!
1,Do not work at all, and the glue is super difficult to remove! Save your money and try something else.
1,Edit: After about 5 months my leak reappeared.  This material had become brittle and I was able to remove it from the tank very easily.  Use JB Weld instead.		----ORIGINAL REVIEW	I bought this because it was an inexpensive, low risk alternative to a more complicated fix to my leaking tank.  My expectations were low, but this product works and I recommend it.		My motorcycle tank had had a small leak around a hinge bracket welded to the tank due to poor welding workmanship.  I prepared this product per the instructions and applied it to the perimeter of the welded bracket.  The tank is no longer leaking.		This stuff comes as a two part epoxy putty.  There is a black inner part and a light gray inner part.  Simply cut the amount you need from the ribbon of epoxy and knead it together until you have a uniform gray putty and then apply it.		Some use notes:	1) This stuff is thick and relatively difficult to mix, but it needs to be mixed well to work.  Your fingers may get tired of kneading it.	2) This stuff dries fairly quick.  From the time I started kneading it until it became too hard to force into the seam was 15-20 minutes.  Work in small batches if you have a larger area to bond.	3) Apply this stuff with force.  The area where my tank was leaking was a seam.  I used a plastic screw driver to press the epoxy paste well into the seam.	4) Clean the area well.  The product adheres to paint, but not to dirt and grime.
1,dont stick just fall out i returned them
1,Very Low Quality Product
1,In short, I had to return this dryer because it left spots on the surface of my black car. I tried not to dry it completely so I could wipe the mineral deposit spots off, but it was unavoidable to have some parts of the car dry. The water in the San Diego area is not specially hard. Also, it is a pain dragging the dryer around the garage floor, using an extension cord. It didn't save much time, and I'm much happier back drying my new 2011 Honda Accord with old towels.		The seller contact, David Bernstein, cooperated in refunding his $18 (as I recall) shipping cost, but not the $32.04 UPS charge to return it. He never acknowledged that the drier is not satisfactory for use on a black car, writing, "Sorry you don't care for the product," and somewhat strangely, "I understand what you are saying but everyone takes some 'risk' buying online." His refund policy was pretty good, but I would have been happier with a more customer-friendly tone.
1,I think its snake oil.
1,The lights use a low quality adhesive strip on the back which will not stay adhered to my car. I followed the instructions regarding preparing the surface and temperature. No mater what I have tried they start to bubble off. Others I have gotten that use "3M" brand adhesive are perfect.
1,Not happy
1,They suck. All burnt out. Waste of money.
1,Returned
1,Super bright but will not shine straight ahead. Both bulbs focused light energy high and to the left. Tried switching positions, double checked alignment ECT. Even tried useing shims on one side to center light energy. This helped some, but still not right. Don't recommend for Jeep Wrangler 2016.
1,Had trouble with adjustment an knob pulled off 3rd time in use!
1,The holes for the bolts were way too small for the bolts so I needed to ream them to the appropriate diameter in order to install this part on my 2008 focus.
1,Ordered this to fit 1999 Jeep Wrangler TJ 4.0, It doesn't.		I have a shop so I made the correct bushing and bolt to attached it to the FACTORY mount on the axle housing.	The shock is correct, but the mounting system is not...	Needs to be corrected on the web site..
1,Very disappointed. This is a replacement for the same type of battery (lasted seven years). The cranking reserve is not adequate if the boat doesn't start on first try. By third attempt it is too weak to crank. The previous battery was much better.
1,Color of the light was great. Did not last long whatsoever. Last 3weeks and both bulbs went out.
1,Didn't fit !
1,I used this one time before it stopped working. POS
1,Returned as it was wrong fit.
1,Use AMSOIL ATF, Valvoline MaxLife, Royal Purple, or some other 100% Full Synthetic ATF WS Fluids !Toyota WS is not synthetic and change by drain and fill every 20-30,000 miles ,flush at tranny shop or Toyota Dealer every 60,000 miles . Add Lube Guard Platinum Additive ea flush and Dr Tranny Anti Shudder every Flush. Add 1 Oz Lubeguard Platinum to every Quart at every Drain and fill or Flush!!! Will protect and operate ten times better!
1,Unless you PERFECTLY position the supports under your spools, you WILL gouge the metal on your swing arm.  Better look elsewhere.
1,Produce arrived DOA. Plugged in on three different vehicle - nothing. Looked great, but didn't work.
1,Received 4 bulbs and 2 of the 4 did not work at all. I tried flipping the bulbs to change polarity and still nothing. I used a different bulb and it worked fine so 2 out of 4 were good the others just worthless
1,The best product in the pack is the pre-wax which appears to be normal wax.  The final carnauba wax has the consistency of water which makes it extremely difficult to work with without splashing all over the driveway and ruining your clothes 5x over.  Awful.  The finish fine but don't apply in direct sunlight in a southern state or it steams on and doesn't come off easily if at all.
1,Bought this to intercom-pair with a friend who has same model. pairing doesnt work and manufacturer did not respond to request for help. Returned
1,Update: after driving with this on the wheel I'd have to say it really isn't safe to use as is. It is too big for 14 1/2" steering wheel.  I find I'm grabbing loose floppy sections of the cover when turning the wheel. I cut 6/8 of an inch out of the bottom to get it flush with the steering wheel. Now just need to figure out a way to adhere it. Packing tape? How ridiculous is this? I guess $12.80 isn't a lot of money but I'm not in the habit of just throwing money away. It appears that is what I have done here. Amazon should have the seller remove this item from sale until they can honestly meet the standards as advertised by them. It is now in the trash can. I'm outta here.
1,This product shouldn't be marketed as an intake hose. Its bendable and conforms to the shape you want, but that's about the only redeeming quality. It's ridiculously thin, about the consistency of a dryer exhaust hose. The ends just press on, no positive seal and no way to effectively apply a sealant.		If you're like me, and you have a few grand tied up in your engine, avoid this at all costs. Its bound to let in dirt one day and wreck your pride and joy.		Plus it looks absolutely terrible under your hood.
1,Broke after a few uses, tab shown snapped off, luckily I always have a pocket knife, because that became the only way to open.		I was on a 1200 mile trip and this happened at the begnining. B/C I was on a trip, missed return window.	Compared to OEM, this is thinner & cheaper. Going to my shop and try and re create better, stronger.		Something like this should not have such flimsy material, cheap chrome is ok, but not fuel door!
1,Only one bulb worked the other bulb had only one side point connected the other was floating around in the package!
1,I removed them right away.  One of the bulbs was already bad when it arrived, and the other went poof when I turned the headlights on.  No, I didn't touch them, and was very careful about the m touch anything.  This isn't my first rodeo with Xenon bulbs.  Nothing good to say on my end on this purchase.
1,Meh -  throws as much light up into sky as it throws out.  If your watching treetops, great.  Otherwise, do what I did and return it.
1,I installed this on my 2010 F150 4x4, with 5.4L motor. It has a nice low rumble when you get on it, and there may be a little more power, haven't been able to tell for sure. However, the fuel mileage has gone down. I am considering taking it back off and reinstalling the stock one, but want to pull my camper with it first to see if it makes any difference.
1,I had some difficulty getting the Bluetooth pairing to work.  Turned out I had to pair it with a 6-year-old phone to get it to play well.  A current-generation phone would constantly skip.  I never tried the intercom function, only playing audio over bluetooth.  At maximum volume, I can hear the sound driving around in town, but once I get on the highway, I can't hear a thing.  Maybe with a full-face helmet it would be OK.  But with the modular helmet I have, it's useless on the highway.
1,I switched from M1 Extended to this one because it was a few dollars less. With the M1 I would barely get any burn off. But with Castrol, I was 3 quarts low by 4,000 miles. This happened on both of my Expeditions. One is an 06 and the other an 05.
1,Bought this for frozen shock bolts on my truck. I followed the directions as stated and the bolts did not budge. Eventually cut the bolts off. This may work for smaller bolts that are not rusted on as bad-we shall see.
1,Great seller! Not so good product. I contacted the seller because the driver side looked washed out. He sent me another set but its the same issue.
1,Does not fit a 2001 Mitsubishi Eclipse. The listing says it fits, but it does not. Buyer beware I wouldn't trust this fit guide.
1,Started leaking almost immediately. Went back to a stock gasket. No leaks
1,Please do not waste your money on this product, good company, bad product		first one arrived cracked, they did send out a replacement in a prompt amount of time		second one after trying to install it (so it would not fall off as I rode) cracked, so I loosed it, it fell off and smashed waste of time money and effort
1,Pouring it is troublesome. Spills easily.
1,These gloves are tiny.  I wanted my gloves snug, and my hands aren't massive or anything, so I bought the large size.  My hands don't even fit in them.  I'm not sure going one size up would be enough.
1,I thought this item was finally going to do what I needed.  The bumper on my pickup is faded and dry from sun exposure.  I bought this item thinking it would do the trick.  Wrong!!  There might be a slight improvement but not nearly what the product said would happen.  I expected it to look 100% better, but it did not.  Would not recommend this product.
1,would not fit motorcycle as described, if it would have, installation would have been difficult
1,Lesson learned, know the part you're ordering.  Do not trust Amazon to know what parts fit your car.		Wire quality appeared was good despite the inability to use them.		They are returned.		P.S. This item does not fit a 1995 Pontiac Bonneville SE despite what Amazon suggests.
1,does not work at all, I gave it a try and I wish I didn't. don't waste you money and look for something else.
1,Not sure how this gets such great reviews. I ordered this directly from autocustoms. If you order from Amazon you have NO WARRANTY! This does not fit a 2017 Silverado 1500 Z71 with a 6.5' bed with a factory bedliner.		You are unable to put the clamps where they need to go with this tonneau cover when using factory bed liner. This causes the back portion of the rail to lift up 1/8 to 1/4". So much for being waterproof.		Next. The biggest reason that I am returning mine. It does not cover that awful hand assist stake hole!! That as well breaks the watertight integrity of this tonneau cover.		I really tried to like this liner but is just plagued with too many issues for my particular truck. If it had been about 1.5" wider it would have covered the hand assist hole completely and solved alot of angst.if it was designed to work with 2017 beds it would have been OK. There is extra metal at the back of the newer beds that inhibit clamp placement under the rails.
1,Said it fit a 1999 Ford F-250 ...yea it does but not without serious modification pretty much worthless for my application
1,ZERO STARS! Bought these for my 2006 Sportsman 500 and I am not too pleased. I installed a 6000K light-bar to replace the high-beam pod. These work, and are the same color as the light-bar, however, THESE ARE NOT BRIGHT AT ALL. The factory lights are WAY brighter than these! The light is also very defused and doesn't project very far. It's okay at about 15 feet, but anything further than that I have to turn on my high-beam light-bar. These would work for working lights, but not for driving lights.		I do not recommend these. I would spend a little more and get something better.
1,Item returned.
1,The seatcovers are of good quality. I liked them, except for the service I received from DP. I contacted seller before I ever placed the order,and he said could get them for me. So I ordered the covers for my 2 door 2009 Jeep Wrangler on 1-17-2010. On 2-10-2010,the front covers came in. I contact Roland at DP. He said that they sometime split orders.  ( I found out later from CoverKing that he lied).On the second attempt,he claimed that the order got lost in the mail. On the 3rd  attempt,  the wrong rear covers showed up. They where for a 4 door model and I own a 2 door model ( which he knew before I placed the order).After the 3rd order, I had to contact CoverKing myself to fix DP's mix up. In the 4th shipment, there was another set of front covers which I already had. Finally, on the 5th time, I got the correct rear cover on 3-7-2010, which is 48 day from start to finish. I would buy this product again, but not from DP
1,These ramps appear to be well made and I really like that the raised "holes" provide traction while snow, dirt, mud etc. fall through them for the best grip from the tires of the equipment being loaded. I'm using mine specifically for bringing my Kubota BX tractor in and out of my barn with a raised subfloor that's on skids. When not in use I'll simply take them down and hang them up. They won't be permanently mounted. I do however want to mirror another buyer's note that the ends that should be placed on the raised surface (think a truck's tailgate) are welded V-bars. Unfortunately mine were also damaged in shipping. This is a weakness that concerns me when considering safety. See picture.		Edit: Well I gave it a shot. I figured since the ends that were resting on the barn floor (earlier described as the "V" bar) are designed to hold 1500 pounds each that the slight bend would take my 1500 pound Kubota without a problem. The bend straightened out to it's factory position under load. Then the bar snapped off entirely and the ramp fell to the ground. When 1500 pounds falls out from under you I'll tell you first hand it makes your heart skip a beat. I safely backed the tractor back onto solid ground and then inspected the ramps. The end bar sheared right off at the highest bending point and also the "steps" supporting the tires are also badly bent from the weight. Poor design. Weight rating is inaccurate. These ramps make a dangerous loading situation even more dangerous with these failures. Time to visit a welder and use these for loading my push mower into the barn.
1,Apparently this product has been pulled from the shelves several times by Castrol.  Next time I'll move on to Amsoil or Mobile1 v-twin.
1,Wires are about the size of strands of hair
1,Bottles I received were covered in overspray from something.  I followed instructions and the product when on milky and uneven. Dried looking terrible. Had to peel my wheels and start over. Did not try this product again as I think the cans I got were super old or not stored correctly
1,These do not work on the 10th anniversary edition/Rubicon X/Hard Rock Bumpers. Also, the welds connecting the bars to the frame are terribly thin and look like garbage.
1,Loud when new, fails within a few months. Cheap plastic horn with faux chrome which turns to crap within a few months, but thats not the real problem...... Horn fails to work within months leaving the product USELESS AND DANGEROUS!		Seriously, simply send me your money and I will scream really loud for you when you need to honk to get someones attention.... (I can fart louder than this horn sounds after a few months on the road, and although I am getting older and uglier, I can still make way more noise than this POS)
1,Will not fit vehicle with backup camera
1,Tore apart at the seams before it was even mounted on the truck.	Appears to be made of paper?	Might work fine for light-duty use or a smaller tire than I have (1993 GMC 15")	Yep, I tugged the crap out of it to get it aligned properly around the entire tire but "Bully"	Bully my butt!
1,trash don't buy these products POS
1,When out about a month after I installed it.
1,Garbage, these are junk. I tried using them on My 03 Audi and the 2 tools I though were the right ones did not work at all. They are weak stamped metal glued to the handle. They bend way easy and the chrome plating started to peel off one of mine on it's first use. I had to return them. They did not feel like they are good quality and they need to be longer, as I have big hands. I returned this set and got the individual Matco tool I needed and the Stahlwille made extractor I needed as well to get the job done.
1,Unit was used 3-4 times.  It got quite hot after doing just one tire (about 4-5 minutes a tire) Then stopped working completely - perhaps due to overheating.
1,Followed directions and on line video perfectly and the rear window exploded when tried to use defroster 4 days later on the first try. They should take this item off the market. One big mess. Permatex needs to stop making this item. product adhesive is not a good conductor of high current and needs to be modified or stop being sold. The same product in this all inclusive kit for attaching tabs has received many negative reviews for lack of being able to conduit current. I will be happy to send pictures of what the exploded glass looks like to any that want to see what happens when using this product.		UPDATE: Permatex ...while admitting no responsibility ... paid for having the rear glass replaced. By their legal disclaimer that i had to sign it was obvious this was not their first experience with this. No where in the disclaimer did it say that I could not disclose the settlement so I am posting to prevent others from buying this product. They say the settlement was a "good faith" settlement. I still claim their product is dangerous. Can you imagine the results if a child in a safety seat had been in the back seat when the glass exploded?
1,Horrible, nothing but clinking and clunking, will be returning.
1,Application: 2003 Honda Odyssey EX		My van's performance slowly degraded to the point that it was 'hunting' for the top gear (actually the torque converter	lockup) under slight incline and light throttle conditions. With the EGR passages being relatively clean and the original EGR valve having 190K miles on it, I figured it was time for a new one.		I immediately noticed the port on the new part was a smaller, semi-circle shape compared to the rectangular port on the original part. The port on the vehicle's EGR mounting surface is rectangular as well as the gasket provided with the new part, so it was clear that this was different.		I was going on a long trip the next day, so I opted to give this one a try. I did notice better engine performance, but my mileage was only 22-23 MPG where I usually got 26. This led me to believe that this part, even though better than one that was at the end of its service life, may not be allowing optimal performance.		Standard Motor Products does not appear to have public-facing tech support, so I was not able to contact them for clarification. I did, however, reach the nice folks at Wells Electronics (they also provide many of the quality Duralast house brand products from AutoZone). They indicated that the correct part is&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Wells-EGR4201-EGR-Valve/dp/B000IYRHAY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Wells EGR4201 EGR Valve</a>. If you see an off-site picture of this part (not shown on Amazon's listing), you'll see the port on this one IS rectangular, so it will match the application's EGR mounting plate port.		I'm disappointed for these reasons:		1. Standard Motor Products does not have customer support on Amazon	2. The application info is WRONG on this listing	3. The application info for a 2003 Honda Odyssey is WRONG on the correct part for the 2003 Odyssey,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Wells-EGR4201-EGR-Valve/dp/B000IYRHAY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Wells EGR4201 EGR Valve</a>...how many other part applications are also incorrect? (Nov 17, 2015 edit: The make/model/year fitment for the part seems to have been corrected--thanks Jan 7 2016 EDIT!! I see the seller is indicating that this is the correct application again---WRONG!)	4. The correct part doesn't have pictures that show the mount-side ports, helping us determine the correct part.		I now have to order the correct part and return the incorrect one. This is an inconvenience due to an application chart being wrong at either the Amazon, retailer or industry database level.		If you are contemplating replacing your EGR valve, take my advice of removing your old one first and making sure the new port matches your EXACTLY. Sorry to 'vent' (get it? EGR....vent....ha ha), but this is a mistake in the supply chain's information database that needs to fixed NOW.		Best wishes with your project.		**Jan 5 2016 UPDATE**		I finally got around to ordering the Wells EGR mentioned above and indeed our 2003 Honda Odyssey runs better especially at the higher end (5th gear and torque converter lockup). I just got back from a 2000+ mile drive which included the Appalachians and the van performed great with the correct Wells EGR---no unnecessary hunting back and forth on inclines.		The attached picture shows the Standard Motor Products EGV658 I had on my van for the past year. Note how a majority of the orifice is closed whereas the Wells EGR has the same size port as the original I took off. One picture shows the original taken off my Odyssey and the correct Wells EGR.		Since Standard Motor Parts is either misrepresenting their applications or isn't paying attention, I have just downgraded this part to 1 star. Don't buy this if you have a 2003 Honda Odyssey, it isn't the correct part.
1,This crap ruined the door panel in my 2013 ford super duty. 58k dollar truck. It brought the color off on the rag I used. Left one arm rest a faded Grey. My interior is black. I will be contacting Lucas concerning damages to my interior.  Ok update I used mothers protectant to restore the color back in my armrests thanks mothers. Lucas owes mothers a big thanks, I was about to sue them for damages until a friend lined me his mothers protectant.
1,DONT GET THIS CRAP, I WONT WORK, AFTER HOURS OF MODIFICATIONS, GRINDING, AND OTHER STUFF, ITS GARBAGE, DONT BELIEVE THE PEOPLE WHO SAY ITS GREAT...IT WONT WORK WITH A METAL TAILGATE HANDLE AT ALL...IT MAY ONLY WORK ON A PLASTIC STOCK HANDLE?? I WILL SEE..
1,NO ANVIL! SHOWS ONE IN PICTURE . Overpriced for just the wheel  Very Deceptive .Does not say not included anywhere.	Will not purchase again .
1,traded em. never could get em to fit just right
1,I thought I would save some money and gas by purchasing this clutch pedal bushing for my 2001 Ford F350 AND BIG MISTAKE. The installation is very simple and less than 5 minutes. Must install bushing in the clutch master cylinder rod end first then slide over the pedal until it snaps into place and will notice pedal is instantly better feeling.	 However that is where the good ends. Only after one week the new bushing snapped and pedal was loose again. I checked it and was still installed but the flimsy plastic had cracked already. So needless to say off to Ford I go. I purchased their updated part for less than than here and the part is much thicker and durable plastic. The factory Ford part has been holding up just fine with no problems.	 Now this part may work just fine on an F150 that has a lighter clutch pressure and pedal effort but for the F250 and F350 it is just too much strain on this light weight plastic. Hope this helps. Thanks
1,Nice Scanner but will not work on a 1994 corvette that I bought it for called support who was unable to assist and stated she would have someone call me back after 24 hrs  returned I have other scanners needed one for this car but other than that was a cool scanner with all the cables
1,Did Not work on 2002 camaro. Did not show all info on the screen. Returned for credit.
1,its hard to get a good sound. broke in a couple weeks
1,Got it to connect to my phone once for a split second and won't connect again.  It pairs,  but won't connect. Useless to me.
1,Might work fine on a smaller rv or car, but I have a 37' Holiday Rambler Motorhome and as soon as I step inside the coach I loose the signal.
1,Installed perfectly with locktight still loosened up. Pin finally bent inside so now I can't get it off but it wiggles ever so slight.
1,This is not a high quality item as advertised, It is however a plastic backing plate with a sticker that had to be put on. turned yellowish after 2 weeks. These are crap. If you like this off color then buy it.
1,Junk. These are NOT the CES connectors you looking for. The wiring is low end as is the male portion of the plug.
1,very thin material!  it's like a piece of cloth.  it's so thin you can see little dots of sun through the material.  it did not keep my car cool, nor does it stay up (i have a mitsubishi lancer and the windshield is so long that these were too short).  i had to resort to my old dollar store bought sunshade (literally packing bubbles covered in metallic material), which works much better (can't find it anywhere though b/c it's so old).
1,very hard to install, the film does not shrink as much as others making this a very hard install.
1,Extremely slow delivery,  cheaply made and no monster logo on it. Poor fit on the shifter
1,It broken on install. We work on vehicles for a living. The part is flimsy and weak at the stress points.
1,Does not fit the 2013 F150 like it states.  High quality flaps however.
1,Bought one a month ago and it lasted exactly a month. Massive missfire on cylinder 3/ pack 3. Glad I too have to buy another one.
1,This product should be taken off the website it ruined my paint job I used it how it said on the instructions and paint is coming off my car this is terrible..
1,Instructions for this wheel are pathetic. It wasn't clear on how to mount the horn and I had to try to figure it out myself.	The wheel itself looks and feels good.	Randomly the center horn cap pops off (happened early in the morning every time) and the horn stays on until the cap is replaced or I disconnect the battery. I'm sure my neighbors are getting to love that.	There is a spring which I assume goes in the middle on top of the mounting bolt and behind the horn cap. The cap itself has dimples on 3 points and I guess they are supposed to correspond to the notches on the plastic ring. So it snaps on and after a month or couple of weeks decides to pop off. I'm trying to come up with a work around but nothing so far.
1,It looks nice, but is flimsy and rattles while  driving.	I feel like it's missing screws, used my old ones but the black caps that came with them do not fit well.	They came scratched.  Might be ok for my jeep, but not a nice car that wants a clean look
1,As a vacuum tester, this item will work OK.  As a Fuel Pressure Tester, the positive pressure gauge does not go nearly high enough to be used on any modern vehicle.  Unless your vehicle gravity feeds its fuel, save your money and purchase a real fuel pressure tester.
1,REMEMBER to read the warranty on these parts. You get what you pay for. Buyer beware.	2017: I installed these hubs and bearings in August of 2016 and it is now September of 2017 and the left one is grinding something terrible. Unless I can get these under warranty I will not be buying this product or anything else they sell. The best seller can do is $30 off of another hub/bearing assembly that is only good a little over a year. Don'tcha know just 2 months out of warranty.
1,Dont order if you need it right away. Item showed up super late.
1,didn't last long at all...disappointed
1,To bolt onto the original hub/lugs you had better have very thin-walled sockets.  The tight fit around the nut can hamper getting the proper torque for the spacer.
1,I looked at a couple options for the rear seat (2016 Rubicon Unlimited) to provide some extra storage in addition to cupholders. Decided I liked the design of this one best as it keeps everything in between the front seat profiles meaning nothing extends sideways into the footwell areas. The fit into the existing cupholders is fine, but the bottom edge does not reach all the way down to the existing floor tunnel so it's just not stable. Case in point, the first time a passenger dropped in a water bottle it actually toppled the whole thing sideways. If you place it gently in, you're probably fine, and if you've got equal weight in the other cupholder already, probably fine. We wound up finding things to stuff under it in order to make it more stable while on a long road trip, but now that we're home it's out until I can find a way to make it more stable.
1,Verified Purchase	I found out that there is a lot of white stuff on the seat.  It us actually the rubber backing at the seat cover. These white rubber backing are all breaking into the small pieces and stick to the black front seat cover that cannot be removed from my wife's 4Runnrr leather seats, so ruined them.  Do not purchase it.  Wonder what is he warranty????
1,I purchased the GenY hitch receiver and love it. However this is my third other GenY purchase and like the second it is a failure. As you can see in the pic the shims are one on the top and one on the side. To tighten there own hitch in my receiver I need one that has a shim on both top and bottom not the side. Next attempt was to tighten my Smittybilt hitch step. This was a failure as well because the set screws are so short they would not go out long enough to pin to the step. Also this is made from aluminum so just the little bit of working with it already had scraps or shavings coming off of it. Enough was enough.... I sent it back.		GenY seems to make excellent receiver hitches... but they need to stay with them and leave the accessories up to companies who know that they are doing.
1,Hollow, white backing, and crap. What else do you need to know?
1,Really needs a hardened U bolt that resists stretching.  Bought this to stabilize the bolted on riser joint of a Harbor Freight ATV cargo carrier mounted on the back of a Casita travel trailer for a 12,000 mile road trip to the far reaches of Alaska.  The carrier is rated for 300 lbs and we limited it to <100 lbs for the trip.  Even though I put shocks on the Casita, there was still quite a bit of bouncing going on back there over challenging Alaskan & northern Canadian roads.		For installation, torqued the first nuts to 80 ft lbs which eliminated all movement in the riser and then torqued the second set of nuts to 40 ft lbs to lock the first.  This was looking great for about 6000 miles with absolutely no movement/loosening, but by the time we reached the west shore of the Yukon to cross with the ferry into Dawson City, the U bolt did loosen.  When the nuts were re-tightened to 80 ft lbs the bolt broke.  The loosening was actually caused by the bolt stretching and re-tightening stretched the bolt further to the point of breaking.  An otherwise great solution was defeated by materials not up to the job.		The Stowaway Hitch Tightener along with it's hardened plate that was used to secure the carrier's drawbar to the Casita's receiver hitch is made of much stouter material and hadn't budged.  The Stowaway was actually my first choice over the Roadmaster for its stouter materials, but only the Roadmaster's U bolt was wide enough to pass over the riser's square tubing.		Since we were about done with the worst of the roads, had the joint welded by a friend when we got to northern Oregon.		With a hardened U bolt the Roamaster 061 Quiet Hitch could have lasted a lifetime and for its price, should be made of better material.
1,I had high hope for this helmet . Read reviews about tight cheek pads , gave it a try anyway . The cheek pads make you chew on the inside of your cheeks . Contacted Scorpion and they sent new xl pads ,exactly the same size and fit . Never rode with the helmet to uncomfortable .
1,I purchased this vacuum pump for the soul purpose of bleeding auto brakes. I thought that it would be a quick, clean, easy way for me to do brakes by myself. It did flush the two rear brake cylinders. It did not actually create a vacuum reading on the gauge. It did suck a huge amount of air around the bleeder  screws with the brake fluid. (No amount of grease or liquid gasket material stopped the leaking.) I had to constantly pump the vacuum pump trigger to get the fluid out. The bleed hoses are stiff and the fluid holding container is light. If you are not holding the container in your hand it will tip over and allow fluid to leak into the vacuum gun. It is messy to clean up. And the case that holds everything is so light that the case tips over and spills all the fittings all over the place. I regret ever purchasing this item. (NO matter the cost.) I flushed my front brake calibers the old fashion way. My daughter pumped the brakes while I bleed the fluid through a hose to a container. I strongly recommend against purchasing this item.
1,Have had these for less then two months and I would be careful to buy them as I now consider these a fire hazard. 1 of the bulbs starting melting in the headlight housing.
1,I bought these to replace the OEM part that froze and broke. The spray only hits the bottom of the windshield. I would not recommend them to other buyers.
1,OMG it doesnt even polish the car paint. small thin scratches don't come off. it does absolutely nothing! i rubbed water on the scratches and it did much more. why on earth do they claim it does work when in reality it does not work at all!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1,The package reads "superior quality." I call BS. These LEDs are terrible quality. Two were broken in the package (can't upload photo on tablet app). The only thing keeping the smd attached to the base is a very weak resistor lead bent around the end at the contact point; no glue or anything. Aside from the construction, yeah, they light up when you ensure proper polarity (just as with any other LED). However, I wouldn't put much weight to the "ultra bright premium" claim on the packaging, either. Unfortunately, this seems to be the "standard" when it comes to most T5 lamps with this plastic tube design. Keep looking...
1,picture makes them look bigger shipping took forever tried to pull a dent from car it does not even work and as soon as i opened the handle it broke so complete waste of money and time waiting for it. Then i have the seller tell me it takes skill to use it ive been doing this for 20 yrs i thought i would try this product and to hear it takes skill if it wasn't BROKEN maybe the one with no SKILL is the one who made it
1,I received this on March 19, 2015 and today is April 21, 2015. Guess what !! It has a whole in it already. Just over a month old. Be careful before you buy this.
1,This is a follow up to my original review. It has aone year warranty. Guess what?  Its a year old and its pretty much dead.  I very rarely use it.  It stays in my garage most of the time.  Im very disappointed.		 It will definitely start a dead battery.  However if it is very dead it will not hold a charge for long. I started 3 dead cars then it needed a recharge. It does however recharge quickly. If it lasted a little longer I would give it 5 stars.
1,Half of the strands i ordered only half the strand worked
1,Might work well on junk cars but don't use this on show cars it puts more scratches and swirls then it takes out
1,Arrived and one of the suction cups was faulty. No idea how a fault suction cup exists. But don't waste your time.
1,These turn signals sucked.  They Hypber Blink with a perfect install, and after googling them a bit I found others having the exact same issues as me.  Contacting BikeMaster, and the seller here have yielded NO results.  They say they will "get back to you" but never respond.  I've followed up emails a few days later, and got the same response.  That was over two weeks ago.		That's only part of the problem though, the lights aren't bright enough for turn signals.  Even though they hyper blink, you can still see they were never bright enough to begin with.  I found some replacement bulbs and the auto store, and put them in but they aren't bright enough either.  So I bought some LED bulbs which are bright enough, but one of the bulbs I received is defective... So I've spent $10 on bulbs on something that cost $11 and should have worked fine the way it was...		Changing the bulbs in such a small housing is a pain, and not worth the time or money.  If you are looking for cheap signals for your bike, skip these and get the Narrow Arrow LED's instead. These are dangerous, and I'm trying to get a refund.
1,bad price
1,The port holes are a different size. But the rest of the gasket set I was able to use. But I intake gasket was the wrong one. So again I paid for something and couldn't use all of it.
1,After reading the many reviews on how great this product is. I purchased one from my local parts store to put into my 2000 Deville. These are known for head gasket problems. I followed the instructions ran it through my system, didn't resolve the issue. I wanted to use it for a temporary fix, didn't even last one day. Maybe I got an unlucky bottle.
1,FAIR WARNING IF YOU PURCHASE: Cut-outs are reversed on one side; spacers not included	CHEAP & INCORRECTLY STAMPED KNOCK-OFFS (Look closely at photo)
1,I have gone through 2 of these so far, and they are poorly made - the paint in the "paw prints" is easily removed by a car wash and the "chrome" will pit in a single salty winter.  I had better luck painting the first one black after it spent one winter on the back of an SUV and then filling in the prints with red Toyota touch up paint, then clear coating it - but you really shouldn't have to do that for a simple frame to be useful.
1,Identical color as OEM bulbs.	Also had a much more narrow light beam making it suck for high beams.	Used in 2015 4Runner Limited.
1,This thing will not hook up consistently. I have no idea why it occasionally connects and most of the time it doesn't. The tech I was working with (I'll give credit that someone actually gets back to you) talked me into waiting for a firmware upgrade that I haven't seen yet and am wary of anyway, so now I am beyond the date where I could have returned it, which is what I'd do.	I wanted to track weekly gas usage and I have not had a full week of tracking yet. Avoid.
1,Cheap build. Very sloppy at the hinge
1,The fitment guide is WRONG. Fhis PN is for a 2004 Mazda 6. For a 2012 Mazda 6 Fram site lists CF11175. [...]	This PN is not available through Amazon so cannot exchange it. Amazon has offered to refund in full though including a shipping lable so it only cost me time. Product appears to be good quality.
1,Ok item. Compared to the harbor freight comparable...they are the same. Price is high for the level of quality.
1,This looks like a good quality bulb in terms of manufacturing. It is made in japan. The intensity and brightness is just like any other H4 bulb that you can get in a gas station. I would not recomend this bulb to anyone honestly, I mean it is 40 bucks, with that you can get almost 3 FLOSSER (GERMAN MADE) H4 in a any gas station or lube center. They have the same color as them, about 3,600 kelvin, which is almost white, so do not expect any ''intense white.''		Let me tell you something, that blue coating on the bulb lens, is totally useless, do not fall for that even making the light 4,100k or more towards real white light. I will put it this way, I bought two pair of this bulbs, that adds up to 80 bucks, you can get a good Kensun (great brand and customer service) Xenon HID Kit, for about 90 bucks. It is plug and play just like this bulbs, you get real pure white light that does not turn yelowish and they will definetely be ''intense white'' (about 3x intense) and the xenon bulbs would last up to 3 times longer than this peace of c@#p expensive H4 halogen bulbs, that should be selling at toys r us, for 99 cents.
1,It's just two halfs of a injected plastic battery box, no strap and box was damaged when it arrived, sent back..
1,not compatible for nissan rouge
1,Junk.  Avoid at all costs.  It worked fine (after I drilled holes in my generator shroud and mounted it) for about 3 months.  Now nothing.  The display is totally blank.  So all in all, I got about 6 hours of run time logged on it before it quit.		Needs a battery compartment where the user can change the battery without loosing counter digits.  Instead it's a piece of plastic that does nothing but ugly up my generator shroud.  Wish there was another option, however, they all look to be the same design from different companies for sale.
1,False advertising: No silver color coating. No noise reduction improvement at all. Tested several different methods, no reduction of decibels. Contains cancer causing toxic chemicals. No customer service: Product and owner is imported from Russia, so can't be trusted. No response to service questions. Does not help to add their "noise dampening" insulation.
1,lite construction and a low volume alarm.  I will have to be close by to hear it.  Update: This thing is junk.  Don't waste your money.  It worked for about 3 weeks and the alarms began to sound with no provocation and the yet unused units would not set.  Volume is low and the device is not likely to be much help in finding lost keys.  Did not last 3 month, began to break up and batteries went dead.  Some units shorted out resulting in continuous alarms.
1,I was NOT impressed at all!	It says it fits but it is bigger if I would	Install it I would hafto cut my headlights!	I customize trucks for a living and I know what I'm doing.	I advise you not to buy this!
1,This device will not work on Vtwins with single fire ignition ( two coils) without buying adapters.  It is probably a good device but not for me. I received it and inspected it.  It looks to be solid and quality, but the instructions are not very good, and no mention in the posting about the necessity for or how to wire adapter.
1,Useless. Perfect length but the width doesn't cover enough so wasps fly around them
1,I used to these to hide the rips in my TJs seats.  They worked for awhile but were soooo thin and the straps were terrible attached that they ripped off after a month.  I got my seats fixed the right way for only $30 more than these seat covers cost, at a local upholstery shop.  Save your money and do it right.
1,Very bad.  So small in height that it doesn't hold anything from falling over
1,First of all I am a second generation auto detailer, so I have used a lot of pads. With that said this product is not as good as the older pads. After a few uses it begins to fall apart. It states that its thinner for increased performance. Really? Its thinner to cut cost! I still have some of the older pads from years ago. Please bring them back!!!!!
1,Got this and it went out in less than 200 miles a little pissed killed my 3 day weekend and wasted my wife's money at a shop to have it installed why I was working..... So it's been over 24hrs with no response from the seller guess we will see if they make this one right
1,Reverse doesn't work. When headlights on, they're at full intensity so they don't change brightness when you hit brakes
1,It could not remove Dana 44 carrier bearings.  The metal bars are very soft, and the tips that fit under the bearing just deformed/scraped off during the first use.  After that, it was of no use.  I decided to return the item instead of grinding the tips flat again.		The cross brace is supposed to keep the arms from bending and letting the tips slide off and get damaged, but the cross brace is located too high to be of any use.		If you decide to buy this tool and try to use it, it *may* work, if you put a large C-clamp right down near the tips to hold them under the bearing.  At least it would give you a better chance of working properly.		I'm pretty disappointed because this OTC tool should be a premium tool.  There are cheaper versions of it available from many places.  I was hoping to spend more money and get better quality, but that didn't happen.
1,Did not fit over standard ( Ford ) threads on existing doors. Bore was way to small. Had to drill and tap to make them fit.
1,Purchased this in September of 2015 to replace the original fuel pump to my 2000 Jetta (2.0L).		Replacement got my car up and running.		So 10 months later, this URO Parts fuel pump died on me.  Good while it lasted but I was expecting much longer life than this.		Giving it 2 star rating due to lack of part longevity.  Oh, and others have noted, you will encounter the problem with fuel level showing more than what you actually have and will be prone to running out of gas even though it shows otherwise.
1,Tried the product ..  followed the directions to positively charge the paint surface, unfortunately i did not see any big benefit.		My car infact looked a bit worst than when i picked it up.		Idea sounds great..  wish it worked..  the protection does not need to last 5 years..  but a good few months is all that i am trying to look for.
1,it doesn't hold the jack and handle together tightly. Its loose and i am scared it will come off on the trail at some point
1,Nicely built. Falsely advertised a glass lens. Without a doubt it is plastic. That takes away a star. Also the lights only work on their "high" beam unless you swap wires and only have the "low" beam on. And if you switch on your high beam switch,  they dim out. I will edit this review if I can be given a solution to their mistakes.
1,I bought this harness because Amazon told me it would fit my 2004 Jetta TDI. Life got in the way and it took me a few months to get to replacing the part. After I'd gotten the battery, airbox, MAF, etc. removed, I found that this part is incompatible with my car.		The correct part has 4 parallel connectors instead of the angled connectors on this part.		 If the seller reads this, I'd be happy to return this and pay a restocking fee if necessary. Disappointed.
1,I was expecting a billet, and I got a thin stamped piece of tin. Wasn't worth it.
1,very light duty. half the weight of my old latch. I used only the outside latch and now i have 2 different keys to unlock and dead bolt the trailer because the locks are not keyed a like. I threw the inside handle away because it was so cheap...
1,Burnt out after 3 months.  High beam works but low beam stopped.  I would rate this poorly!
1,My bike has the Screamin eagle air intake system and my mistake not knowing there is a difference.	The filter did not fit. Returned and waiting for my refund. Received refund.
1,Poor design on the clip that holds it on - keeps coming loose. I bought these for all 5 of my cars, and have had issues with 5 wipers so far. I will purchase another brand next time.
1,Too small to be of value. You'd be better off to put your mobile phone in your car's cupholder. I've seen cars with useable descent sized dash pads (for a phone or whatever). But this isn't it.		I was disappointed by the total lack of packaging. It did not arrive with professional Handspring branded packaging as pictured. Rather it simply came in a clear plastic bag with a white tag. Real or fake? Good question. The pad doesn't have any name or identifying marks indicating it is a genuine Handspring product.		Update: I saw the real Handstands sticky dash pad at Pep Boys (and later Advance Auto Parts). Unlike what I received via Amazon, it was in the professional Handsprings packaging you would expect. But more importantly, the pad had the Handsprings logo on it and the texture was completely different. I thus can reasonably conclude that what I received via Amazon was not the real deal. I have since returned the 2 pads I'd ordered.		It's ashame that a disreputable vendor in the end damages the credibility of Amazon.
1,I have a mk6 gti manual transmission this product does not link to abs to be able to reset airbag light only to engine and abs a/t and srs has linking problems sending back for refund
1,Had to replace it a week after install and was professionally installed
1,I was very excited about this product at first, but once I used it the excitement changed to disappointment. I really wanted it to work, but it made no difference what so ever on any surface I applied it to.
1,Make sure you confirm the year and make of your bike before purchase.
1,I thought these might be the ticket for my 2001 2500HD Silverado but I knew they wouldn't work as soon as I drove with them.  Any curve or sudden movement immediately allows the rear end to sway excessively.  For a shock that is designed for a high profile vehicle, it does not provide stabiity for a basic pickup truck.  I immediately order Bilstein shocks and replaced the Monroe's immediately--What a pleasant difference.
1,The quick disconnect 134a fitting on this item doesn't go on easily where every other one I've used works quite easily.  The gauge has a nice feature because the 'normal' range is marked with  ambient temperature so when it's hot out you end up at a higher pressure than when you are at a lower temperature.  Clever design using the gauge as the piercing valve for the can of refrigerant.  I just wish the quick disconnect worked properly.
1,Mold was not shaped correctly
1,It's obvious that this helmet is cheap and low quality.  I know it is priced a lot less than any of the known helmet companies, but I expected just a little more.  The padding is almost nonexistent inside the helmet, which not only makes it fit loose, but it makes it extremely uncomfortable to use, especially on long windy rides.  It is difficult to latch as the two d ring are not staggered and there is no tab or anything to help you separate the two when tightening it up.  I've owned several helmets through the years, and I would hands down trust my 14 year old HJC over this thing.  I would question if this helmet is truly DOT certified as it seams about as much good as the Novelty helmets you can buy on *bay.  If you actually care about the comfort or the safety of yourself or spouse, I would seriously think about spending a little more money on something quality that will protect you.  With this one, you are literally getting what you pay for... Which isn't much
1,I used this to repair a large fat bike tire where I got a puncture on a long ride. As stated, it can be quite messy to use, but that's not why I gave it one star. It got one star because the resulting chemical smell was so unbearable that I had to replace not only the patched tube, but the tire that had absorbed the odor. After I threw away the tube I expected that the smell would leave with it. No luck. The smell had permeated not only the rubber of the tire, but the tire liner on the rim. Scrubbing helped slightly, but my garage still smelled like a hazmat spill site. I had to spend $$75 on another tube and tire for the bike because of this stuff. Maybe this works in a pinch to repair a flat (it did ok for me), but there's got to be a better solution.
1,Constant squealing even after having to go to a shop twice to investigate it and paid quite a bit each time too. Just horrible quality.
1,Color quickly fades to gray. Will try to contact the seller.
1,does not fit 2000 sportster, too loose. Poor light displacement. could see a big rectangle on road.
1,fit is clumsy, finish is nice. 3m tape to secure it would work if the fit was right. I had to screw it down. UPDATE; bought April 15' product did not survive the summer heat. Both sides warped in the sun and literally cracked all the way through on both stake pockets closest to the tailgate. This looks awful and the 3m tape securing them underneith ruined the paint so i cannot remove them without replacing them. Really the worst truck accessorie i have ever bought. Didn't even last a year before self destructing. Junk product. No poor reflection on Amazon.
1,I got this set along with rugs and other cute zebra print accessories for my Ford Ranger truck! This set looks super cute but I have only had it on my truck and the fuzzy is already falling off the steering wheel cover and the seat belt covers poke and irritate my neck and get stuck in the top of the seat belt where the seat belt goes inside!! It looks cute but I would not recommend this brand I would find one a little bit more expensive that will last more than a week
1,Dont fit right on my 2003 trailblazer, pins are too short.
1,I had trouble with this product because the tap was too long to go far enough into the cylinder of a small engine with an integrated head/cylinder.  However, the tap can be easily shortened with a hacksaw.  The insert did not hold up and came loose after short usage.  Aluminum is soft.
1,Be aware, this product ships in a tissue paper thin cardboard box. When I received the package, it looked as though it had been dropped out of an airplane. I am amazed that SunForce would even consider shipping their products across the country in such sub-standard packaging. Not only is the cardboard cheap, thin and fragile, the box seams are not even taped.		If you order from SunForce be prepared to open immediately and inspect every part for damage.
1,Just quality won't fit total junk
1,These little bulbs are truly consumable. While they are working, you get a nice bright LED shine. But they do not last (3 months max). Since the bulbs are so inexpensive, you just accept that you get what you pay for, toss the dead one, and insert another, and repeat the process until you run out of all 10 pieces. You will be fine so long as you do not hold these bulbs to a high standard. They light, and they die. At this price point, that just seems to be the way.
1,At first I thought this was a good product but after I used it I've changed my mind. I tried it out on my lawn tractor and got 4 different readings out of 5 compression checks...
1,I hadn't even used this ice scraper 10 times before the handle snapped off the head. The review by Wayne proves that this isn't just an occasional problem.		When I used it, the blade worked well on the side windows, but not on the windshield for removing frost. Since I don't have any experience with ice scrapers, I can't compare. The brush is really nice for removing snow and scraped off frost. But save your money and find another product, because this ice scraper is too expensive to have it break on you so easily.
1,Does not fit 2010 Range Rover HSE. Wrong size, wrong adapter.
1,One of the lights came defective
1,The rubber boots are impossibly long.  I have never seen any application where you could make contact with the sparkplug top with insulating boots this long.  Obviously, making sure you have good contact when TESTING is critical.  I had to cut a halh inch of rubber off both boots.
1,The goggles quality not terrible but fog up really bad even in the wind .
1,This does not fit my H2, it is a push in rotate type lock. My H2 is screw in type.	Appears under search for H2 GM gas cap but Not for H2, maybe for H3??
1,Update: Since I made this review, it has torn more than one place sad to say. Does a okay job against rain. But does allow for moisture to build under....		 Really thought this wouldn't fade after two to three months. But it has and pretty bad also.	The bike I have is sport bike an XL should cover the whole thing with nothing showing. It does not.	Other down side is the back keeps coming up.		I would only recommend this product if its used indoors only
1,I bought this because of Smittybuilt's name and the fact that it is advertized as "stainless" . What you receive is a heavy duty galvanized coated steel shackle. Galvanization is good but the material does not appear to be "stainless". If the gavinization is applied properly by the Chinese it will hold up to the elements as well as stainless material would..
1,I installed these on my 1982 El Camino because the old shocks were very soft, as in worn out. After installed the shocks, I did the "shock test" of pushing down on front bumper and was very surprised at how they felt even softer than the ones i had just removed.  Driving the car confirmed that the worn out shocks were indeed better, as the front end of the car wallowed up and down over any kind of irregularity in the road.  Perhaps this is a one-off bummer pair?  I've been using these shocks on my vehicles for years because they offer OEM ride control, whereas most "better" shocks make the ride too stiff.  I recently put four of them on my 2004 Ranger pickup and they were fine.  But this pair was definitely not.
1,This is one cool looking antenna I was very happy when I took it out of the box. One big problem,the threads didn't fit they were too small the antenna would only rest where it should've attached & screwed on snug but it didn't .Unfortunately had to return! I will continue my search for a similar looking antenna(THAT FITS)
1,Great product, HORRIBLE customer service and shipping. Got home to an oil slick on my front pourch because the caps on the bottles were not tight and the case was put in the shipping box on its side and oil leaked out all over the other bottles, the other case of oil in the shipping box and all over my front step. Not very happy. What a mess. Hope I can get the oil stain off my step.
1,I applied this to my mountain bike on the wheel hubs using a grease gun and it didn't seem to help things spin faster or smoother like other lubes do that I have used. For the price I expected a lot more.
1,dont fit on my car
1,When this unit arrived the box said 15-81773 with a small sticker at the bottom showing 15-80567. Inside there is a piece of paper saying:	ACDelco Part#15-81773 Replaces: 15-80567, 15-80906, 15-81728		If you receive 15-80567, 15-80906, 15-81728, Do not install, instead swap out with the newest version (15-81773)		So they're charging you $62.00 for what they also sell for $44.82. This is the $42 part sold under a $62 part number. You'd think someone would have sorted this one out. Albeit it's my fault for not finding out 15-80567 was out dated, you'd think Amazon would't be selling them both at such different prices.		Now did it work? Yes flawlessly. Read my review on the 15-81773.
1,would not recommend for 2016 double cab tacoma
1,rattles loudly down the road
1,Had it for about 8 months and it cracked on the driver window near the mirror today (10F outside and had to use my window at the bank). all others are ok for now. will be shopping for something better... waste of money due to poor design/materials.
1,This item does not fit a 98 Honda Accord. The Amazon site states that it does. So don't waste your time and money on this. I was ready to change my cap and rotor. But I only changed out the rotor because this part didn't fit.  I was so frustrated  I wanted to finish this project. But couldn't.
1,Has to be heated up a little to make it more pliable.
1,Worked great for a month and a half until it died waste of money
1,Bigs as hell. Don't come with any instructions or anything to install it with. Comes I. Mail broke. Do not buy
1,very low quality and cheap . just stickers and they didn't fit the big  8 lug hubcap on the 2002 gmc trucks.
1,I bought this because it was cheap to mount on the header of my 1969 Chevy C10 pickup after I installed a crate motor and did not have the original bracket.  After a few Months (maybe 1500 miles) the back tab broke off of the bracket and almost left me stranded.  I ended up replacing it with a more expensive solid aluminum bracket that mounts to the front of the head and now I have no problems.
1,Doesn't have tabs to secure the bottom of the license plate
1,The description says..		"More like a complete kit than a single part, many of our Exhaust Manifolds include gaskets and hardware for a complete installation. Since this part is a direct replacement, the exact fit adds another layer of efficiency and convenience."		You do NOT get all the hardware to install this as the description leads you to believe. You need 8 studs and nuts to bolt it to the head and 2 more to bolt the pipe to the manifold. You get 4 manifold to pipe studs/nuts. At this point you can try to reuse 8 of the rusted ready to fail studs (if your lucky enough to not already have broken ones) and do this whole project again much to soon or go to the parts store and buy the missing parts. Anyone who has installed these know the main reason for replacing them is broken studs.		This is also from the description..	"Includes heat-shield for protection of hoses, wiring, and other engine components"		No it does not. The OE one does not have any either so this part of the description is just plain wrong.		The gasket included is not the nice, 2 piece metal one you see in the description. It is a cheap fiber coated 1 piece gasket.		It's going in the truck because at this point, I gotta fix it and can't wait around for what I thought I bought.
1,<div id="video-block-R2PATNQ08GNKR7" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/7194QL8o59S.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81GvrvtBXyS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Updated 8/2/16: Just like several others, mine has crapped out and is, now, barely audible. I had a driver nearly side-swipe my RV on a trip, last week and laid on the horn to let them know I was next to them... Nothing. Just a bluhhh sound.		 I swapped out my Freightliner M2 "Meep Meep" horn with this in about 30 minutes without any problems. It's significantly louder than the factory (why they used such a weak horn in the first place is baffling) and it certainly lets people know you're coming.
1,Not as Pictured .. Cheaply made ..Decal with the measurements fell off right out of the box.. The thumb screw that's suppose to hold it were you set it at , won't
1,So I have one of those sets where one wire won't feel/detent/hear the click of the wire attaching to the plug. The wire keeps vibrating and backing off from the plug and causing my engine to stutter on three cylinders. I read Amazon's posted warranty of the product and so I contacted NGK directly about their wire set warranty and they did not answer me about the warranty for their product, instead they referred me back here to Amazon, who refers me to NGK. I'm p**sed off.  I know NGK makes a great product.... these are not authentic.
1,Does not fit application wrong bike well built
1,worksi have an b 04 focus Svt Svt. It hooks up and acts like it is working but all the data it gives is incorrect. Tells me k am getting 50 mpg and stuff hat obviously isn't true. I have not used it to read codes as I dint have any to read, but I have doubts about its effectiveness.  Overall I don't think they put enough money into software for it to be effective.
1,This even though I installed seems not to be a direct replacement such as OEM in my Ford Focus.  The shock is very noisy when compressed going over speed bumps.  I would recommend not buying this shock through Amazon, but rather a local automotive parts store, don't like sending heavy items back on my dime.
1,I ordered this model 107 kit to fit the 3 tab reservoir neck on 2 Ford vehicles I own.  The adapter would not fit either vehicle and I ultimately returned the kit.  The diameter of the adapter including the o-ring is too large and could not be forced in place.  The instructions say the adapter can be difficult to fit and recommended rocking the adapter while pressing in place.  It even comes with a second thinner o-ring but it made no difference no matter how hard I tried to force it in place.  Keep in mind the Ford reservoirs are plastic so its possible to break the reservoir if you get too heavy-handed.  I contacted Motive Products and they said they would send a replacement adapter.  After several weeks and several emails, no replacement adapter so I returned the kit for a refund (just made the 30 day refund cutoff).  I went with a vacuum bleeder kit instead for less than 1/2 the price of this kit and it works great.  I think this system would have worked OK if the adapter fit.
1,does not fit
1,Too dark in color. Kind of low quality.	Returned to seller
1,Seems heavy duty but the actual measurement of the one I got was 1 7/8" x 1 7/8" and my 14' Toyota 4Runner has a 2 1/16" x 2 1/16" so there was a lot of wiggle room. Returning and ordering the CURT 45824 Tow Strap 2" Ball Mount as it's made in the USA and probably has a much higher standard for actually being 2"x2".
1,I read the reviews prior to purchasing and thought it would work for me.  However, not so far.  The reviews stated, that once it was installed, not to remove them, because of the glue would not re-stick.  So I cleaned the mounting area with rubbing alcohol and let it dry.  I installed them and let it sit over night.  Less than 10 miles down the road and one blew off.  The other one did stay on mostly for another 10 miles, but that was it.  I tried to go the cheap way for some accent lighting, but it wasn't worth it.
1,Does the job - cleans well, but: price is higher, claims to have an odor in it. Yah, you smell the odor when close to your nose, but when installed the filter is quite far away from your nose, there is no odor from the filter inside the car. I will stick to another, cheaper model.
1,The seat covers had holes in it I wish u would send more
1,Doesnt fit my Dodge Ram.  To little
1,Darnit.  There is a big label on the handle. "Contains DEHP."  Why can't they make these disclosures before the sale?  Normally I wouldn't care but DEHP is pretty bad.
1,I already reviewed the rear gas magnums for my f150 and the fronts are no better.  they did not fit.  I had to bend the tabs to get then to fit plus they did not come with a tension strap so I had to make one ti install the shocks.  This is supposed to be Monroes high end shock but they are junk....I got ripped off.  I see some other guy claims these are great and he did not even have to remove his wheels...well....that nonsense and a fake post....
1,Not really I need to go back to Royal Purple
1,weak product, The actual plastic leveler (green thing) fell out on one of them, not useable anymore,  the tap is also very crappy... don't expect it to hold up in the elements, especially in high heat/sunlight areas... Might want to replace with better double stick brands..  If you want quality, this probably isn't the right direction.
1,silver paint in a can . no shine even with clear over it
1,The base broke during install.
1,Good thing two came with becuase one didn't work at all and the other was only half lit... save your time and money and avoid buying these!
1,Would not purchase these again their waste of time 2 minutes after I was riding they fell off sorry one of them did I purchased two of them the other one I threw away
1,Not impressed with shampoo, which developed a lots of rust around the disc brakes and rusty stains on the rims. Cheaply made spray bottle show stress marks around the threaded area reported by other reviewers.
1,I think it will more or less get the job done for an outdoor car exposed to  basic elements. My one issue, if barely that, would be that it doesn't feel that "soft" on the inside layer touching the car. You wouldn't think this has the potential to create any scratches, but with the friction of pulling and tugging you might be surprised - not that this has happened to me, just not that comforting putting it on.		Also, I think taking the 5s to unscrew the antenna is a much better option to cutting a hole in the cover, especially if this is a cover for the outdoors. Indoors, maybe not so much.		::	It's been storming the last three days. 100% waterproof.		:: UPDATE - Swirl Marks??	I picked up my 2013 Midnight Black Cooper on 10/28, the day it came to the dealership. Car is 100% brand new, and hasn't been washed, gone through any touch washer, etc. I've hit it with liquid spray wax (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Turtle-Wax-T-136R-Express-Shine/dp/B000AM8BJU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Turtle Wax T 136R Express Shine</a>&nbsp;maybe once a week since I've had it. After going over this last time, I've noticed several swirl marks on the car that don't get wiped away. Nothing else has touched the exterior of this car except for the car cover, which I always suspected not to be good for the car's exterior (it's rough). My review is pending if I can find anything else on the subject.
1,I didn't read the description well, this is the 1st battery I have purchased that didn't come with acid. Even after purchasing brand new bottle of acid, the battery did not work. I will be shipping back.
1,Fits poorly, Look at a different brand or go with the OEM part
1,Did not fit my 06 touareg properly had to modify and add tape to make them stay in
1,Did the whole cleaning bit, even sanded a bit, but after a week the paint started to chip off...now it looks like crap, but for the 5 days I had it on, wasn't too bad. I think High temp spray paint would last longer, but haven't tried yet...
1,Yes they are bight.  easy to install.		The LIGHT IS BLUE/PURPLE ish!!!!!!!		The picture looks white, easy to correct with any photo editor.		I asked other buyers if they were white or blue and they responded either very bright or white. Sadly they are purple according to my kids.		This is what I get for trying to save a dollar, purple lights!!!		If you want "white lights" do not buy these.
1,Don't fit in holes as expected. Had to file down and then still don't fit right. Very frustrating. Not worth the time or money for what they are.
1,It is the cheapest which fits my vehicle per Amazon vehicle filter/selector.	As someone pointed out already there is a problem:  the airflow label is in the opposite direction from what is required for my vehicle.
1,Installed correctly; however didn't receive any power to the DRL. This is the second product I've ordered from iJDMTOY that didn't work as advertised.
1,Not 150 :p more like65
1,The manufacturer could improve the product by having it lock without the key.
1,Ordered the dividers for the Pilot by mistake. Great heavy sturdy product but too short. Returned and ordered the correct Ridgeline part. Very disappointed with the thinness of this product.
1,Very weak
1,Both lights work great, I would give 5 stars for the lights. The company? Not so much. Turbo doesn't do the simple business practice of cleaning before assembly, they put these lights together without blowing dust and debris out from behind the glass first. There is pieces of cardboard, dust, and dried paint particles or metal shavings behind the fisheye lens.
1,calipers were banged up paint chipped off all hardware was not in the package brake shoes was in a busted up box look like children packaged it ?
1,not very bright maybe 50 lumens
1,Very disappointed in the light output.  I have LED's in flashlights that totally outperform incandescents.  Unfortunately these are two thirds as bright as an equivalent incandescent bulb.  Don't waste your money.
1,The title is not entirely clear, but this *ONLY* works on BMW cars.  If you do not have a BMW, then THIS WON'T WORK FOR YOU!
1,The bulbs were a safe bright color when installed in my car at first, but after around two months, many of the individual LED's started flickering, which obviously, is not a good thing to happen in a car. I'm disappointed that I must buy new LED's because I got scammed by a promise of long-life.
1,Says it fits a 2017 f150 its does not  The holes do not line up
1,Pcv for the lexus should be threaded
1,They vibrate loose and quit or blink when I hit a bump.
1,Thankfully I happened to recheck with my gauge and saw that my tires that I inflated to 40 w/ this unit were at 55 which is very dangerous! A cheaper unit I had did more things like you could set it to w hatever you want (20, 22, 30, 35, 40, etc) & it would automatically shut off. This says it has an auto shut off - all there is is an on off switch. My other model stored the cord inside of it. This does come with a bag which is nice.
1,For $13, it'll get the job done; but the wire harness needed some work in order to get it to function.	1) Relay does NOT come with a mounting clip/bracket.	2) The ring terminal (for grounding) needed to be replaced (wire sheathing left in the crimp).
1,Tried to return them but I missed the return date by one day. They will get dark if you sit them on a table in the sun. They stay yellow if you wear them in the sun. I put them in the frig for 2 hours like the instruction said. They do fit over my glasses fine so I will wear them at night. I had a pair that I bought from heartland that are stand a loan glasses. They took those back. I order both on the same day.
1,This product requires more then basic tools to install on a Ford Freestyle. There is NO possible way to install the self treading bolts on the passenger side without the use of some muscle and an air wrench or a power wrench. I did not have these so I went to a place that sold RV's and trailers and they installed the last 2 bolts and charged me $45.00. I think thats a fair price. They probly charged me for about a 1/2 hour labor. An considering they had to clear a bay an lift up the SUV an torques the bolts it adds up. But I just wanted to make sure that everyone else knew this before buying the product. I consider myself a fairly good mechanic and I promise you that because of the tight spot on the passenger side an the fuel pump an gas tank you can not get enough leverage to get those bolts to start threading. So buyer beware. I will say that once installed it seems rock solid. One other problem is that there is a muffler hanger the instructions tell you to remove. Its a metal bracket. The instructions then tell you to cut off about 1 inch of this bracket in order to reassemble the hanger back on the vehicle. So you will need at the least a hacksaw or some other tool that can cut through this half inch round piece of solid metal. And additionally the mounting holes for this bracket are slightly covered by the hitch once its been installed. So now im going to have to grind out or drill out some of the metal to be able to put the muffler hanger back on properly. Way too much trouble but Im moving an didn't have time to send it back an wait for something else so I just did what I had to do but im not happy with it an all the extra work required. I gave it 2 stars because after all the bullspit it seems to be a solid product. I will update this once I use the hitch if theres any additional issues.
1,When I opened the shipping carton I was hit by a strong chemical odor. If you have small children you might want to leave these outside for a year or two untill the ordor dissapates. Also the rear mats are tiny. I had to use them in conjunction with the old mats to covetr the rear. If I did not have to pay for shipping I would have send them back
1,Bought one for my 2017 X3 F25. It was a tight fit and I noticed that dust was accumulating at the bottom edge where the cargo door and sill meets. I figured it was only a matter of time before the dirt would slowly sandpaper and peel the paint off the edge. I had it on for 3 days and when I attempted to remove it, it came off easily!	I would look for other alternatives. Maybe something less thick?	However, it was a durable and good piece of plastic.
1,description are wrong because says 6.5 inches and it's 1.5 inches!!
1,Well, I haven't actually been able to use the charger so it's hard to accurately rate it. My issue is that I bought it to charge a car battery that's not actually in a car.  After receiving the charger, I read the instructions and it says to charge the battery I need to connect an additional 24" 6 gauge battery wire to the negative post.  Unfortunately, that wire isn't included with the charger.  I've been to 3 stores, none of whom carry or have that type of battery wire in stock. Very disappointing.  I would not have bought this if I knew this beforehand.
1,the sensor had a short in it, after the motor warmed up and i cut the motor off for ten minutes	it would start & go dead,start& go dead,also the sensor has no #'s or name, even on the box.
1,The look was great and it was easy to install.	Fast shipping		Cons:	Didnt work worth a hoot!		I live in the middle of no where.  Upon installation of this product I lost several channels I could get with my OEM antenna.  I have no doubt it would work well if I lived near a big city but no so much for me.
1,These work OK but are the dimmest I've tried in this size. They draw 26mA. Try	Jtech SMD5630 194 168 2825 or Sylvania 168/194/2825.
1,Didn't even come close to matching up with factory mounting locations. Had to re-drill all four locations on each flap.
1,Bought in March just installed past weekend used truck today core leaked on floor
1,Not that impressed. Started to squeal as soon as we hit the road. Now another day lost getting the car on the lift removing the pads and  coating them with anti squeal compound. I will say all the clips were included and fit great.
1,If you do not want to exceed 30 mph or do not care about possible damage to your expensive alloy wheels then this product is for you.  Otherwise I would skip cable chains and just buy snow tires with studs (if allowed in your state) for worry free snow & ice on long commutes.  Because the manufacture will print same in small print attached to their product after you have purchased the Super "Z" cble chains and thought I would be up front with your next purchase.
1,Stay away from these antennas.  I installed them a few days ago and took my first ride yesterday.  I stopped after about 50 miles in moderate winds (5 to 10 miles per hour, not unusual), and found the plastic bases on both antenna shattered.  Save your money, there are better products available.
1,did not fit
1,Leaks. I purchased this value priced radiator and installed it in my Chevy S 10 pick up truck. A few months later it started to leak a little bit and I wasn't even sure if it was the radiator or perhaps a hose , so I monitored the situation and at the end of the winter I removed the radiator and found it was indeed leaking. I contacted Prime Choice Auto Parts and the responded that it was past 6 months from the purchase date so no consideration could be made. Upon further investigation of the radiator I found that the end tanks were not properly crimped on to the core. I mentioned this to Prime Choice Auto Parts and again they said that it was passed the six months and no consideration could be made. It's like I was communicating with a robot, you would think they might be interested in the defective part so they can avoid future defective parts and problems.	 I wasted time, effort ,coolant, and money buying a Prime Choice Auto Parts radiator. I gave one star because I did get a radiator and it did fit!
1,Not ALL stainless, the T-bolt and nut are plated steel. False and misleading description. If you want 100% stainless get the HPS clamps for a few dollars more.	https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0058W7VWK/_encoding=UTF8?coliid=IXXUDFHWUJX98&colid=Q7KUDT1MSN4P
1,the light is bright, however the magnets seem a little small and weak.  When I opened up the box, I heard a rattle.  a screw was broke off and the head and washer were floating around inside the light.
1,Didn't do what espected.
1,These disk brake were not within tolerance levels of the  original. Neither were they flat. They varied from .048  to .056 in several places on the disk. They were returned. Amazon promptly took them back
1,Old parts I had off my original did not fit on this new one had to order a different one not impressed!
1,This connector will not work on the 2011 Cadillac CTS V. The back of the connector in which you should plug in the small blade clips will not accept another object in the hole with the current wire. The correct wires were easily located but the insertion was not possible. I may solder the connector to the wire but it is a very tight space for a heating iron. Probably a waste.
1,These allow very little if any flex to the hose, I had a real tough time getting these to work with 5/16" hose.
1,They're bright and all however you'll be lucky to get a week out of these before changing LEDs. Go with YITOMOTOR LEDs, they last anywhere from 1 month to 6 months and come in a pack of 20.
1,These things come in handy but break so easily
1,Lasted 2 months on the bike!
1,These things are trash! If you've never had a good set you maybnot realize just how crappy these are but Theyvare not worth the savings over better versions. They are super flimsy, came scratched up because of the way they are packaged and 3 out of 4 were bent twisted and warped. I cant even roll down my rear windows with these on because one is so warped it stops the window from going up and the other is bent so if wind catches it over 40mph it comes off. Ill never buy this brand again.
1,bought 5 and 3 have fallen off the gas cap already, this is not a valve either just a small hole.
1,Just a piece of rubber ??! My mistake I guess I thought it was actual key pad waste of money
1,Received 9 out of 10. Out of the 9 only 2 worked. Returned.
1,The remote does not work!!!! that was the only reason why  I chose this wiring set.
1,Worked well on our couch.  Used it twice. It matched our chocolate couch well... and you'd have to look really hard to find where my wife patched it.  One seam came loose again, so she had to do it a second time.  But, I'd recommend it.		EDIT: After a few months this stuff didn't hold.  On both tears along the seams, they have reopened in the exact same spot.  The wife tried 3 times on one and twice on the other spot, and both have continued to reopen up.  Won't buy more nor would not recommend.
1,So the button on my old key finally gave up after 9 years.  After reading the reviews of this item, I got the idea that this would be a slam dunk... but it is not.	Pro:	#1 - It looks fairly good, 4.5 of 5 stars.	#2 - Far less expensive than the dealer.	#3 - It works.		Cons:	#1 - Getting all of the electronics out of the old key damages the old key.  The damage was small on my second key (I got better), but the transponder is glued in, and just asking nicely does not do it.  The good news is that I don't know how fragile these are as I did not break mine.  I put a dab of hot glue on top of it in the new key, and it stays.	#2 - The Mini Copper logo is not attached when you get the key.  This seems strange to me, and was just one more thing to fight with to make it right.  In one of the two keys, I put too much glue so it is too tall inside, and makes it hard to press the button.  I know I can fix this... but this illustrates that this not just a snap together deal.	#3 - On the key that I carry, the logo separated.  It is not that the part I glued down gave up, that is still attached.  But the silver part came away from the base that I had glued down.  It looks like the button is now slightly con-cave, the the logo is flat.	#4 - You still have to have the key cut.  The only guy around here charges $45 to cut one of these.	#5 - The metal part moves a little in the plastic.  It is not like it is about to fall out, it is just not as nice as the original.		In case this is the only review you read, I will reiterate:  This comes un-cut, with no electronics for the remote door locks, and no transceiver.  (The transceiver is a small black thing coded for you car, and necessary for the car to start)  So if you lost a key, or the electronics for the remote door locks stopped working, this will NOT help you at all.		In short, don't bother to get this if your key is just a little worn looking.  But if the buttons are falling off like mine, these might be a way to go.  I love my car, and this key just does not live up to my expectations.
1,Didn't last six months before a dead cell showed up...
1,A very exspensive sample of a product that might be a wonderful product or a small exspensive bottle of miracle snake oil. Their picture looked bigger and I feel duped and betrayed. I'll let you guys know if it works.
1,This things are useless and expensive. I have an arb bumper on my 2000 tacoma. I would need to send 6 of the 8 of these for one shackle. There super thin. I ended up not using them. I cut a rubber shock mount in half and use that. One for each side of the bumper tab and it worked flawless. Use a shock mount rubber. Much cheaper. Or free like me since I replaced my old shocks.
1,ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS TO LOOK AT THE PICTURES AND YOU WILL SEE SILVER WHERE THE WIRES ARE CUT AND HELD AT THE CLAMPS.  I HAD SAW THE SILVER AND STILL THOUGHT THAT WITH THE HEADING STATING THAT THESE JUMPER CABLES WERE LISTED AS BEING COPPER WIRE THAT IT WAS JUST A MISTAKE IN THE PHOTO.  UPON RECEIVING THEM TODAY THE FIRST THING I DID WAS TO OPEN THE CLAMPS AND LOOK FOR MYSELF EVEN WITH A MAGNIFIER AND SCRAPPING SOME OF THE OUTER EDGE OF THE COPPER IT EASILY REVEALED THAT THE WIRE IS IN FACT COPPER CLAD ALUMINUM. ALUMINUM HAS A HIGHER RESISTANCE TO ELECTRICAL CURRENT THAN SOLID COPPER WIRE. THE COATING OF COPPER ON THE ALUMINUM WIRE IS VERY THIN AND EASILY SCRATCHED OFF WHICH PROVES THAT THE WIRE IS COPPER CLAD ALUMINUM.  I WILL NOT RETURN THEM BUT I WILL BE GIFTING THEM TO A FAMILY MEMBER OR FRIEND THAT HAS NO JUMPER CABLES AT ALL. I WORK OF CARS OFTEN AND OFTEN CALLED FOR ON THE SHOULDER BREAKDOWNS, AND WANTED A NICE HEAVY DUTY PAIR OF JUMPER CABLES. I WANTED THE BEST I COULD FIND AND THESE ARE NOT THE BEST YOU CAN BUY. WILL BE GOING TO LOCAL STORE TOMORROW TO BUY SOLID COPPER 4 GAUGE 20FEET LENGTH JUMPER CABLES THAT I THOUGHT THESE WERE. BEWARE THESE ARE FALSELY ADVERTISED AS BEING COPPER WIRE WHICH THEY ARE NOT.
1,First thing I noticed when I unpacked this beauty is that well, it's beautiful!!  I mean even the colors are really nice.  In the picture it looks like a simple black with red inverter.  But that is not the case.  It is actually Gloss black with a metallic burgundy plug and fan ends.  I could not have asked for a better match to my old truck as it has a burgundy and black interior.  It's looks very well built and laid out.  The extra high output usb ports make it a match made in heaven.  You can just barely hear the fan and only when I really tried.  I used it the other day to make a 260 mile round trip with it running my netbook and never had a problem one.		EDIT: After 33 days.		On day 32 the fan all of a sudden started working double time and became very noisy.  I tried unplugging it and plugging it back in and that's when the fan decided to squeal like crazy.  Just went on like that for about a minute before it settled down.  Then after that every time I plugged it in it did the same thing.  I'm thinking, man what a bummer.  I will just exchange it for another, but no way.  I'm 3 days out of their warranty.  I'm thinking NO WAY!  So I get hold of customer service and they made it right (Way to go Amazon).  So I thought, well only 32 days before fan failure I think I will get the next model up and see what happens.  So that is what I did and purchased the Bestek 300 watt inverter.  Now upon arrival (Super Fast Shipping) the first thing I noticed is that one of the USB frames was bent.  Not a big deal but then as I turned it over the thing goes KLUNK.  I'm like OH NOT AGAIN!  As it turns out the screws that hold the fan were loose.  After tightening them up everything was fine and it works well.  I do notice that the fan is much noisier than the 150 watt unit but maybe being beefier it will not fail so quickly.  Time will tell.  I think that over all the quality control of this company is a bit poor.  But being from China then what can we expect.  The thing I really like over the 150 watt version is that the 300 watt version has a power switch, very handy.  Hope this helps anybody with their decision to buy.  Not sure if this is a bigger problem or not.  Over all I really like the design of the 150 watt unit and it ran well until the fan failed.  Good luck.		EDIT AFTER 4 MONTHS :		Well it had been several months and over 2000 mile trip running the newer bigger 300 watt version and I have had zero problems with it.  Works great.		UPDATE 11-20-13:  Well here we are in November and I use the 300 watt version every day as it runs the sound system in my truck and works perfect every day.  The bigger unit is worth every penny.		UPDATE: 1-1-2015  300 watt version still going strong after all this time.  I live in AZ and the truck gets super hot sometimes but this thing still rocks.  Very Very happy with the bigger version.  And no bad fan : )		UPDATE: 2-17-16  Well it has been another year and that 300 watt inverter is still working perfect after 3 years in the AZ sunshine.		UPDATE: 1-30-17  Still going strong with the 300 watt version.  Fan still runs with no issues.
1,Was not bright enough to really light even a small room up.
1,overall leg part of the sock is fine and does a good job.. lower foot part of the sock ripped te second time ii used them.
1,According to Amazon this product was supposed to fit the 2014 Tundra and replace the internal lights such as overhead vanity map lights Etc. It does not had to return it!!!!
1,I ended up sending it back and not installing based upon careful review on instructions. I build everything and these were illustrated and explained  'barely OK" could def. stand improvement.  The other thing was the piece that attaches to the childs bike is all metal, and by design it will CARVE its way onto the front tube over time (metal on metal rub) so when and if you take that off to allow for tow free biking down the road, will have horrendous gouges in their bike.  I returned and orderd a WEE-Ride instead and love it, very well made, easy tow for the SAME amount of money on amazon.
1,IF I DROVE A 'LOW RIDER', MAYBE!  TACKY & MIGHT I ADD STINKY MATERIAL!  EEEWWW!!! PLUS I COULDN'T GET IT ON MY STEERING WHEEL~ I IMMEDIATELY RETURNED IT!
1,If you need these parts within a week, don't bother buying here since it took over a week for me to get my items.  I couldn't wait, so I had to buy them at a local dealership instead.  I am returning it.
1,Installed on a 2016 Rubicon with 2.5 inch Mopar fox racing shocks lift and 32 inch Mickey Thompson tires.  Chose this option to keep weight down. (This tire carrier is heavy though...) After off roading, the tailgate on the JK has a striker that has to be re-aligned and re-tightened.  Not sure how many more times this will be able to be re-tightened.  Meaning that the tailgate is moving around.  If I had it to do all over again, I would have just bought the bumper with tire carrier mounted to bumper to keep the stress off of the tailgate.
1,Compared to my other standard 700cx25 tube I have been using this one is about 2 inches longer. In order to use this tube you would have to fold it which is not right. It seems to be a nice looking tube but useless.
