0,If you are interested in understanding the causes of obesity and how to help make the changes that are needed to counteract it, this book is a must read. He explains in understandable language the complexity of diet and insulin resistance. Not only is it fascinating reading, he provides us with hope and a solution when we have little to no hope left. It's a must read!
0,Heartily recommend this guide as a fantastic way to tour the battlefield. The detail is amazing and the author does a good job if keeping it interesting while hitting all the major spots and points of the battles.
0,This is a super cute book that is great at explaining the characters for my 5 year old. She loves this book so much, I don't really mind reading it either. My daughter was jealous of her brothers Lego books (especially Ninjago). She has been thrilled with this book and its one of her favorites.
0,In my desire to really learn how to do Sudoku, I first bought the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Mensa-Guide-to-Solving-Sudoku-Hundreds-of-Puzzles-Plus-Techniques-to-Help-You-Crack-Them-All/dp/1402740115/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Mensa Guide to Solving Sudoku: Hundreds of Puzzles Plus Techniques to Help You Crack Them All</a>. There are some good things about that book, but I was having trouble applying the techniques presented there. For one thing, it was too much presented all at once. I was an "advanced" kind of level at the time, and I was having trouble understanding how to apply fishy patterns. The MENSA book slammed me with everything from X-wing to Squirmbag, and then presented me a bunch of tiny grid puzzles that used all variety of these fishy patterns.		I was about to give it up, when I found this little book. What I found was an absolute gem. The author presents pretty much all the same techniques as the MENSA book, though more gently and not so much like a firehose. To be fair, this book does present a bit less than the MENSA book. For example, regarding fishy patterns, he only tackles X-Wings and Swordfish. But I've now done quite a few "extreme" sudokus, and I've only just now needed anything higher-order than a Swordfish. This highlights a major difference between the two books: the MENSA book presents you absolutely everything and hopes you pick it up immediately; this book gives you what you will actually need for 99.999% of the puzzles out there, and in a way that it's understandable for mere mortals. And, honestly, after doing X-wings and Swordfish for a few weeks, the extension to higher-order fishy patterns is an easy one. I just hit a jellyfish in&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Absolutely-Nasty-Sudoku-Level-3-Mensa/dp/140274398X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Absolutely Nasty Sudoku Level 3 (Mensa)</a>&nbsp;and had no problem with it. You really don't need all those higher-order patterns right at the beginning: better to get a solid foundation with a bit less material.		The other (minor) drawback is that this book does not provide a huge number of example puzzles - the number "52" in the title actually being the number of puzzles presented. As they range in difficulty from easy to fairly extreme, there are not many puzzles at any given level. However, I do not consider this a huge drawback, since Sudoku books at every level are easily obtained. My advice is to pick a companion book at a level slightly above where you currently are, and go through the two books together. Here's a short guide on what puzzle book to pick up (sorry! this only covers fairly advanced levels):		* If you need some work on your pairs, triples, and quads, I recommend&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Will-Shortz-Presents-Ferocious-Sudoku-200-Hard-Puzzles/dp/0312382766/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Will Shortz Presents Ferocious Sudoku: 200 Hard Puzzles</a>. There are no advanced techniques required in this book, but it will give you a good workout of the basic ones.	* If you are at the same level I was when I started, something a bit higher than the previous, try&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Absolutely-Nasty-Sudoku-Level-1-Mensa/dp/1402743963/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Absolutely Nasty Sudoku Level 1 (Mensa)</a>	* If you are just getting comfortable with X-wings, I'd recommend&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Absolutely-Nasty-Sudoku-Level-2-Mensa/dp/1402743971/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Absolutely Nasty Sudoku Level 2 (Mensa)</a>	* If you are comfortable with level 3 fishy patterns, simple non-unique rectangles, and XY/XYZ wings, pick up&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Absolutely-Nasty-Sudoku-Level-3-Mensa/dp/140274398X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Absolutely Nasty Sudoku Level 3 (Mensa)</a>		There's a testament to this book: last summer I was at the first step of these four; now I'm at the fourth, and I credit this wonderful little book. This book just works. That's why I say it's the BEST "how to do Sudoku" book there is!
0,i have a broken arm, and, am only able to type with 1 finger...however, after reading this beautifully written memoir, i am going to have a rant...if a prestigious institution such as columbia presbyterian allows it's physicians to conduct themselves in such an arrogant, irresponsible manner, what must the lesser known hospitals accept?  I would have thought that the female physicians might have shown some compassion in the treatment of this amazing young man... shame on all of them...they have forgotten why they chose medicine as a profession...i wept for all concerned, most especially, the un-caring medical staff...a
0,cute coloring book, I'm enjoying it so far.
0,I didn't find this entry in the series as bad as some reviewers.  The mystery is a good one, the issue of rape is handled well, and the resolution satisfying.  I have to agree, though, that the coffee/teasing/board games/softball business is getting really tedious.  I so don't care about softball, and the image of the "throbbing caffeine lobe" in Kelly's brain is, frankly, just plain unpleasant.  I don't really want to think about anybody's brain lobes throbbing, thank you very much.  The oft-repeated character keys, such as Marty's greed and boorish eating of everything in sight are one-dimensional and in his case, unpleasant.  He's not an endearing character, he's an inconsiderate pig.  Wouldn't invite him to my party.  I'd like to see some development of these characters, since Ms. Sefton insists on us spending so much (too much) time with them.	Overall, not a bad book, but not a great one, either.
0,A tangled story of abuse,rape, vineyards, wine making harvest and woven I between a couple of torrid romances page turner
0,It's a trip down memory lane of many familiar characters, interesting plot, and kept my attention, and entertained with each page turned.  For those Beau fans, you won't be disappointed.  Great read!
0,This book should be considered required reading for anyone who hikes or plans to hike in the White Mountains of NH.  The authors list every trail, including distances, elevation gain and expected time to hike the trail as well as how to get to the trailhead.  The maps included with the book are excellent, and nobody should hike in the White Mountains without a good map. Additionally,  they are waterproof and very accurate.  I use the book to make trail notes that I can reference as I hike, since the book is too big to carry in my ultralight pack.
0,If there had to be an ending to the odd thomas  stories this was a great one.odd thomas was a great character everyone would like to have around.he was a likable hero who showed up at the right time and place to destroy evil.
0,I had a book of hers from years ago.  Loved it and found it helpful so went ahead and bought her newer edition.  I know it will be helpful also.  Her tips are the best and cannot be beat.
0,What an awesome story and talented author! I wish June Goulding would write more books.
0,Elinor Lipmans On Turpentine Lane is everything that her readers will appreciate.  Likeable characters, clever dialogue, and an interesting plot provide a light, entertaining read.  Lipman is indeed a master of the genre.		Briefly (almost 25 words or less), Faith Frankel buys a bungalow on the aforesaid Turpentine Lane only to discover that the house has a shady history.  (Yes, Nancy Drew would surely call it The Mystery of Shady Lane.)	Simultaneously her life suffers a seismic shift or two.		When the story opens thirty-two-year old Faith is unofficially engaged to the peripatetic Stuart who is walking across country to find his own path in life.  And, by the way, hes financing his journey in large measure by using Faiths credit card.		Faith is paying those bills mainly by writing thank you notes to Everton County Day donors and sharing an office with the charming Nick Franconi.		What could possibly go wrong?		With Lipman its not the destination, but the journey that counts.  Anything that can go wrong does.  But the sage reader, who has a good idea how that last chapter will end, can sit back, pop a chocolate or two, and enjoy.		Brava Elinor!  Youve done it again!
0,Dear Wesley,		Get a professional to edit this book, then write a script and make a movie.  Well done, just needs editing...the editing did not bother me that much, but for some they simply won't read it.
0,Fantasic for Latino studies & sociology.
0,One of my top 5 books of all time. Wow. Amazing. So smart and thoughtful and original! Run don't walk to read this one!
0,Like many other books on the subject, this is yet another great resource to deal with a real problem many people (inlcuding myself) suffer from.  It's sad that people like Darin review the book without any knowledge of the disease first- hand.  His review was a bit confusing, but I think he's trying to claim this isn't a real disease.  Let me tell you- it is.  It is NOT shyness...shyness does not even do justice to the ordeals we go thru everyday, just to do the simplest tasks that anyone with this disease takes for granted.  Is going to the grocery store or the drive thru bank window a troubling experience that causes fear in the average person? Of course not...it is for me tho, so,common sense says this IS a real problem...it IS a disease, it's not just a personality trait.  It's a shame to see ignorance people like Darin give off in the reviews of such a good book.  By the way, contrary to what Darin says- if you suffer from the disease, you're hardly a loser.  Atleast that's what I got out of his poorly written review.
0,I enjoyed this book! Jocelyn Green writes it in a way that helped me to see the story in my mind as it was unfolding. There were several parts of the book that I had to go back and reread because I couldn't believe what I was actually reading!  A lot of research went into this book and many of the plot ideas came from letters written by women affected by the Battle of Gettysburg.		There are lots of suspense and plot twists in this book, with one that totally took me by surprise. My favorite character is Bella.  She overcomes overwhelming odds with strength and grace.  I would definitely recommend this book to book clubs, those who like christian fiction, and those who like to read about the Civil War.  The discussion guide at the end was a very nice added touch.
0,I've never written a review before but here goes.  I'm a big Stephen King fan having read most of his works but none in the past year.  This is for mature audiences.  By this I mean you have to think, not just react  to "shock factor" as there is minimal shocking material in this novel.  I thoroughly enjoyed the experience of reading this novel and was unable to put it down until I was done.  Then I needed to ponder the story for a day before I could begin to contemplate choosing another book to read (although I have at least 10 to read on my Kindle).  I fully understand why he needed to wait to write this novel.  I lived through the time period as well and still find it traumatic.
0,I enjoy who-done-it  type of stories and this one was very clever. Fast paced , many clues, colorful characters have made this author a new favorite of mine. I'm looking forward to reading more from her.
0,Photography in the Digital Age is a very thorough and scientific dissection of the history of photography and how it has changed with the advent of the great equalizer: the digital age. As such, this is a textbook type resource suitable for classrooms or for those with a desire to fully understand nearly every aspect of the subject of photography. Those seeking an introduction to learning photography or tips on how to take better photographs would be better suited to less comprehensive but friendlier books like Bryan Peterson's Understanding Exposure.		The book breaks down as follows: Introduction, Symbol Creation, The Digital Revolution, Fiat Lux - Let There be Light, The Science of Image Capture, The Art of Image Capture, The Narrative. Within those main sections, a wide range of topics are discussed: Innovation in computer technology, photo editing software, ink based photo printing, light, the mythological view, the scientific view, scientific history of light, black and white color spaces, HSB color space, exposure and the zone system, standard exposure model, filters and pre exposure, artificial light, measuring the light, visual language and style, composition process, and more. At the back are appendices with exposure values and a data sheet.		The book is, honestly, very dense. A sample sentence in the beginning is a good example of the tone and writing: "interestingly, however, those who embrace the modern possibilities of printing and processing in the digital world of photography, no matter how computerized or software-ized, still utilize many of the basic principles developed and written by those many visionaries who have experimented and failed and succeeded in an ever evolving field -- such as, for example, Ansel Adams and his zone system." It's a lot to take on casually but at the same time, readers will definitely have a one-stop resource for everything they ever needed to know about photography history and science - and how it is changing in the modern age.		Graphically, we have a bog standard textbook presentation. Surprisingly but perhaps tellingly, images accompanying text are of famous photographers and not their works. As such, the sheer amount of text and lack of images (an interesting choice for a book about a visual medium) means this isn't an inspiration book. It's a hard tack figures, numbers, concepts, and science.		In all, those who wish for an in depth and thorough discussion on the topic will find all they need in this first volume of what will be a go-to resource for the serious photographer. Those with a more casual interest in the topic might be a bit daunted with the sheer amount of technical and scientific information contained within.  Reviewed from an advance reader copy provided by the publisher.
0,I recently read the first book in the series, and I couldn't wait to read this one. I loved the idea of a prequel to the books. I loved learning about the creation and beginning of Narnia. I also loved the biblical base. I loved looking past the words on the pages and connecting the book's events with biblical truth. I read this book in two days!!! I just couldn't put it down! : )
0,I loved this book I'm new to home schooling and classical education and this answered all my questions I even suggested it to my family who wanted to know more about why I home school and what classical education is
0,Amaning 100 plus stars!	Fabulous, funny, sexy and refreshing. This book made me laugh out load and brought me back to so many great memories of sixteen candles and pretty in pink and purple rain.	My new sayings:	"I've got you" "Jesus, Lord, God help my sin-filled mind and cleanse me Amen"	and definately	" Best day of my Life "	Absolutely loved Alice and Rafe and Kate's writing
0,I loved this novel. It was completely unlike anything else i have read. The story is so creative and beautiful. I adored Jade. She was an amazing and inspiring heroine that didn't let the past drag her down. I also loved Shane. He was just wonderful from beginning to end. I will certainly be reading more of this authors work. 5 well deserved and creative stars!
0,Awesome book! I am learning a great deal about the android.  Before the norm was you have to have instructions on the screen for the user to know.  Now everything is hidden and you have to know where to click to do things. You get a more accurate knowledge reading a book rather than someone telling you. The book calls for Nexus 7 but if you have a device with 100% android, this is the book for you. The knowledge applies.
0,This was one of those books that you can't put down! The story just kept getting better! It was a REAL-LIFE fairy tale!
0,Greg Iles's latest novel, "The Devil's Punchbowl" is, as my father used	to say, "A corker!", though in my dad's Yankee accent, it came out more	as "A Cawwwkuh." No matter, either pronunciation is an apt description for this huge, and hugely addicting, book. I began it yesterday afternoon, got very little sleep, and, reluctantly, finished it this morning. I have been reading Mr. Iles's novels for many years, and this one packed a	one-two punch that went straight to my heart, via my soul and my conscience. Penn Cage was a character with whom I fell in love way back	in "The Quiet Game", and herein lies part of Mr. Iles's genius : his	characters alone could carry a mediocre plotline, but they don't have to.	Instead, Iles comes up with this complex war between the bad guys and the good guys, twisting, turning, sometimes making the reader gasp. He shows us the cowardice of the allegedly intrepid, as well as the surpising strength and generosity springing from those upon whom we might look down	as craven. This is a wonderful novel. It ended too soon.
0,I'm really enjoying the way the story is going so far, even though I admit to being a tad bit confused at times lol. But moat of all I'm really interested to see what's gonna happen next.
0,I thought the book was well done.....Its story line was good and the characters were strong. Looking for more of her work...........Juanita
0,This book is absolutely magnificent. Being an avid Doom fan and having played every single iD Software game since Wolf3d, this book actually makes me feel as if I am sitting in the same room as Romero and Carmack while they made the best games ever ! It is so inspirational. I am an Electrical Engineer but this book makes me want to blast those walls down and become a game programmer or designer. David Kushner does an amazing job, this book is like the original Doom games - you cant put it down once you start. I wish I could give it more than 5 stars.
0,I started this after reading the first in the series called In the Land of the Long White Cloud, I really think you should read this series in order it makes enjoying the books much better but is not necessary.  The first book is absolutely amazing and riveting. The second in the series is really good as well because you see a continuation of the characters from the first book, later in their lives, as well as see how the lives of their children shape up.  I really did not like or identify with Kura or William very well but through seeing her grow through the years I started to like her very much simply because of her indomitably spirit.  I actually also forgave William.  This book is very much worth however much you pay for it.  I can't wait to see more books from Sarah Lark.
0,I loved this book. August, the main character is a boy with a genetic syndrome that has caused his face to be deformed. Grades 1 thru 5  he has been home schooled. His parents convince him to try public school going into 6th grade.  How will the students react to Augie' s appearance?  Will he make friends or will they all judge him by his looks? Will he be bullied? You'll have to read the book to get the answers to these questions!
0,Loved this book!  Takes a little of the scare out of being a new agent. Very helpful tips and resources.
0,Love historical fiction.  Loved this book!!!
0,This is what you'd expect from a teen romance with a unique story (mermaids part). Ends very abruptly so anticipate getting all the books if you like the story.
0,Excellent read!  Could not put it down!  What a cliff hanger, hope the next book comes quickly!
0,I was not sure that I would like the book because I have not read Mr. King in a long time. Boy was I wrong. I loved the book and it was so well written. Wish we could change history just that simple. I 100% recommend reading this novel
0,I am super excited about this new series. It ended in such a way that I am dying for the next book RIGHT NOW. Parts of this made me sad. Like the feeling of an unbalanced love triangle where someone will DEFINITELY get hurt. There are three brothers that work together, and I am so hoping that by the end of the whole thing they each have their HEA tied into a nice little bow. Because they deserve it. And so does Emma.		There was one scene, where Emma plans a date- and I won't get all spoily about it, but it was one of the most touching scenes I have maybe ever read and best date ever. I loved that part in so many ways. Like seriously, it was so perfect. Ok so to sum it up, awesome start to an awesome series, and give me book two right now, please. Im not good at waiting.	I received an arc of this.
0,Winston Churchill popularised the phrase 'the Black Dog', although it had been round for many years before. In a way a black dog, hunting by moonless night in a blackened wood is quite possibly the best metaphor for depression. It hunts silently, stealthily, approaching its victim unseen and unnoticed until it's too late. No one is immune from it - actors, politicians, homeless people, emergency personnel, middle class families, children, the Strong, the weak, etc.		But in between clever euphemism and metaphor and personal experience is the cavernous gulf of ignorance. Even family members who love and care deeply for a person with depression can find themselves without understanding - bewildered by what from the outside seems such a minor thing. The gulf in understanding, the lack of support from people who just 'don't understand', can lead to the unconsenting and unwilling owner of a Black Dog to feel isolated and alone and utterly abandoned. The Black Dog wants nothing more than to keep family and friends away, to make the owner believe that no one does or even can understand what it's like. That no one cares and there is no helping hand. And once there in the cold dark lair of the beast it saps the life from it's victim.		But it is not true that no-one can understand - survivors know what it is like. Survivors like Johnstone. After years of struggle with his back dog he wrote this short picture book. And what a book it is. He puts simply and vividly what it is like for those who must struggle every day. How the Black Dog colours the world and freezes the soul, destroying joy and chasing away happiness. But he doesn't stop there. If the first half is for the family the second half is for the owners themselves. He show how with determination, exercise, meditation, and support the owner can shrink the fat lazy mutt from a snarling Cerberus into a shivering little purse dog attached firmly to a leash by the owners side.		As Johnstone says in his dedications "and a very small, begrudging, thank you to the black dog, without whom this book would not be possible. Bad Dog!"(less)
0,REVIEW		 How could anyone not fall for Ben Tucker?  Sure he has his imperfections, but that's what makes Ben, Ben. And of course there's Oscar, rather low slung and they're not exactly the perfect pair but put together a funny Dachshund and the fascinating Ben and you've got the perfect team. This is a MUST read. No exaggeration, you must read this Vol. One and then wait for the next.		This is a wonderful story told by Mr. Krebs with characters that are so real, you'll find yourself right there with them. Ben is a little wacky at times and then he can be a super smart reporter, it just depends on which mood he's in. Then there's Oscar and Oscar is, well rather royalty... There is Roberta, queen of the kitchen and great cook overall.  She's rather a momma while at the same time she runs things.  She puts fear in anyone who enters her kitchen and yet at the same time she is appreciated and everyone cares for her.	Ben's second wife, beautiful and rich is CEO of one of the largest clothiers that was willed to her when her father died.  She's good at her job.  She loves her Ben and her daughter along with Ben's daughter.  She's a multi taker and good at it. Then enters, Miss Nora, Maggie's mother whom you have to just love.  She is a little bit of a drinker.. These are a few that you can love.  Now we get down to the nitty gritty.	Plum..Who has destroyed so many people.  A Serial Murderer.  He is getting nearer and nearer to Ben and his family.  He brings murder and evil to Ben's front door.	This is where the author gets you to turning those pages as fast as fast can get.  You absolutely can't stop reading.  You're wondering if any of the characters that you love in the book will be the victims of Plum.  You have to find out.	You have to know.  When you finally reach that last page you know that you have to have more of Mr. Krebs story.  You don't know if you can wait for that second book but you have to. A wonderful murder mystery full of suspense, love,  lovable characters, evil characters and that one quality that makes for a good book; you the reader want more.		I was given a complimentary copy of VENGEANCE IS MINE from the author, Harry James Krebs for my view of the book.  No other compensation took place.
0,Super series of Amish love stories.  Read the whole trilogy and loved them all.
0,great---well done!!!
0,Pretty good, but not my favorite. The paper is too thin.
0,Lingerie is an able if unlikely sheriff in my he far reaches of Montana, surrounded by the usual back country suspects and of course, Indians. Sharps buffalo rifles play a staring role in this tale as it twists and turns in unexpected ways. Captivating and entertaining.
0,My twins LOVE this book (4.5 years old) I have never had them laugh so hard at a story, let alone one with no pictures!! I myself enjoyed this book a lot. It'd be a great addition to any children's library!
0,Not much to say, except that I loved this story.  There are more and more autistic children in the world and this book brought to light behaviors of those children and ways to deal with those behaviors.  A very well told story.
0,This is best of the series so far. Jenna and Ty seem to be real people. They actually talked to each other and got to know each other. Not just have sex all the time. Even though the sex was hotter than ever! Probably because I actually liked Ty. This book redeemed the series for me so I'm on to Cole's story. I do still think $9.99 is over priced for an e book but oh well I guess. Happy reading!
0,Just finished "Telling Lies".  Wow, I loved it.  Fast paced and I couldn't put it down.  Can't wait for the next one to come out.  So many hidden background stories yet to be explained.  Love Lucy.
0,Another great Lucas Davenport thriller.  Can hardly wait til the next one!
0,My daughter read this one and really enjoyed it.  Hope this encourages others to read. Have read others by the same author.
0,Just a hair out of her norm.  These Stephanie Plum books are fast paced and funny.  But they are too similar.  Time to slowly change the events.
0,This book reduced me to tears more than once, and I really enjoyed getting inside this family; however, I was quite disappointed by the ending. All the build up went to waste with two words.
0,I am thoroughly enjoying this series!  I highly recommend it!  Check it out, you won't be sorry that you did.
0,A well crafted novel.  A joy to read.
0,Teased to Death was a great book. Misty moves back home to open a dance studio for learning the art of burlesque. I laughed so hard at some of the antics that Misty and Donna get themselves in. Misty's landlord ends up dead and all hell breaks loose when Misty becomes a suspect in his murder. Jax, Donna's brother and Misty's ex shows up to question her because while she's been gone he has become the chief of police.  How will these two ever get along. The mystery was fantastic and the little bit of romance was great. I am a fan of cozy mystery and romance. Hard to find authors that can write both. Gina LaManna does it romance and mystery without gory details. Can't wait to read the next book when it comes out.
0,Really enjoyed this book. It kept me up late reading. I liked learning about 1800s and what went on. I found it very fascinating!  I also tried to listen to the audio version of it, though I found the narrator hard to understand, and the kindle version skipped some. The book it's self was very good, and I enjoyed it a lot!
0,Leigh has a silent dad, she gets one phone call a month from him on a certain phone at the same time every month. But when she arrives late for one call she is greeted with griffin instead and a deceased father. Griffin is sent by Leigh's dad to protect her. Her dad and some associates came up with some serum that causes people to not die. If they are shot or hurt it quickly heals. Leigh's dad was in with some bad people who have griffin and her on the chase of her life filled with action and secrets.		I enjoyed this book and couldn't put it down unless I absolutely necessarily had to! Can't wait to read more on this series!
0,My book club chose this otherwise I wouldn't have gravitated to it on my own. Good book, a little cheesy but EXTREMELY entertaining. I had assumed I wouldn't like it but I was pleasently surprised. Most of the characters are relatable. It's not pivotal writing but it keeps you engaged and I'm interested in reading the next one in the series. It seems aimed at a younger audience but I probably wouldn't recommend it for kids under 15... just my personal opinion but I'm rather conservative.
0,where to start? i have no idea, mostly because this story was so captivating and exciting that i even dreamed of it. the characters so  strong and fascinating that there was never a dull moment in this zombie flick.  even the chemistry between the main characters were hot. Rudy was so hot and drool worthy the way he just came to save the day and required nothing but companionship in return for his help. i also couldn't stop thinking about this story after i finished reading it.
0,This book follows Steve Maxwell's further exploits in his battle against evil-doers. Bloody minded inmates of a prison planet are no match for our intrepid hero. He shows us how necessity can bring out the "inventor" within. This character's development continues to be somewhat fanciful, as he never errs in his planning or execution. He seems too good to be true. Nevertheless, I really enjoyed the read!
0,This book was great.  The characters were so real, I couldn't put the book down.		Seth makes the story.  I am looking forward to the next book in the series.
0,Wonderful book. Many characters beautifully entwined. Would have been nice to have read previous books in series but easy to settle into. Perfect book for the holiday season or any time
0,I have just completed a review of the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Othello-Folger-Shakespeare-Library/dp/0743482824/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Othello (Folger Shakespeare Library)</a>&nbsp;in which I discuss how much my students enjoy and appreciate that edition. The Arden edition, however, is the one that I love. This edition is for me.		The footnoting and explications are more abundant and detailed. What other reviewers have considered unnecessary, I consider interesting and provocative. Perhaps my students would have been distracted and, worse, discouraged by the extensive references but I use them for possible discussion points in class. In private, I relish almost all of it.		It is also sturdy and the binding has yet to crack. Considering how often I refer to this edition, that's pretty remarkable!
0,There are writers who take shortcuts and there writers who stretch things out, but Kate Sherwood has taken a unique situation and turned it out so beautifully that you don't quite realize that she is spinning a tale quite quickly but letting you have more detail than you could possibly expect.  That you want the detail and are satisfied with the pace of the narrative is a tribute to her writing style, her unique plot, and her mesmerizing characters, headed by Dan Wheeler.		This book is about show horses, dressage horses, eventers--you name it whatever you want, but if you know nothing about the sport, you will learn all there is to know.  And if you know everything there is to know, you will marvel at how much Sherwood knows--about the sport, the background, the people, and she even gets the two major locales--Louisville environs in Kentucky and central California--down perfectly.		Openly gay and not conflicted about it, Dan Wheeler trains these horses on a farm in Kentucky, and early on he is introduced to a couple of potential buyers of horses from the Left Coast, Evan Kaminski and whom he instantly assumes is his lover, Jeff Stephens. The age differences are interesting--Dan is 33, Evan 26, Jeff 40, and each has a distinctive personality, many issues, and specific economic and social background which are all keys to the plot--which you can read about in the book's synopsis.		My job is to tell you that this is a long book full of love, guilt, hope, jealousy, some nasty conflicts, and most of all a cast of characters who come to life and move into your heart no matter how big their roles.  You must have patience with this book because the main theme is love, especially what is considered love by each of the characters, especially Dan, who simply cannot seem to get over the love he has, or had, for his boyfriend Justin....no spoilers, here.		The one thing that makes this book special for me, however, is the way Sherwood handles the narrative.  It's third person active, not passive, which means that instead of writing "Dan went to the barn to make sure the horses had been settled in before he returned to his apartment," she would write, "Dan goes to the barn to make sure the horses are settled and then climbs the stairs to his apartment."  The difference is a bit stark at first but then you are comforted by the subtlety of the style and settle in for an amazing ride.  This is one of the best of the genre--polyamorous if you wish, but romantic all the same.  Can't wait to start the sequel. Bravo!
0,Hostage by Skye Warren and Annika Martin	Another Winner 5 Stars	Another beautiful love story grows from the depths of hell. The back story is heartbreaking but the love story between Stone and Brooke rises from the flames. Stone a criminal who falls for the society princess. I loved the writing in this story. Skye and  Annika never disappoint me. I could read their books every day. When the darkness clears there is nothing but Love.- Carolyn for Book Haven Book Blog
0,I checked this book out from my library, and I read it over the space of about four hours. It's a quick, fairly easy read. Atheists will, no doubt, hate it because philosophically it is opposed to atheism.	He quotes directly from the books and authors he critiques (except in the case of Kinsey becuase the Kinsey institute refused to grant permission for any quoting) and provides plenty of footnotes.		 It's not intended to be comprehensive or even the last word about these authors, books, and the ideas they promoted.	In fact, in the introduction, Wiker says:  "Shall we have a book burning?  Indeed not!  Such a course of action is indefensible, if only for environmental reasons.  As I learned long ago, the best cure- the only cure, once the really harmful books have multiplied like viruses through endless editions- is to *read* them.  Know them forward and backward.  Seize each one by its malignant heart and expose it to the light of day."		That is what he has attempted to do.  It's a short, readable book with only a chapter per book/author, so of course it's merely an overview, an introduction, a brief synopsis of what he thinks is wrong with the book in question and the author's worldview.  I don't think he intended that his readers should let his descriptions suffice. Rather, unlike the negative reviewers here,  it appears to me he expects (and hopes) that you will read his book and then go ahead and *read* the books he is talking about.		It was fascinating to me to see the source of many of the ideas that have gained acceptance and are now taken for granted by our culture. I particularly appreciate the point that rather than merely being 'products of their time,' these people were the architects of their time, the movers and shakers, the creators of the very objectionable points of view we dismiss as 'products of their time.'  No, their times (and ours) are the consequences of their ideas.
0,What an enjoyable read of short stories, that serve as fables and examples for deep wisdom and as grace filled teachings.		I found these short stories to be greatly inspirational in building up character, while being very enjoyable to read and to think about. On top of that it was wonderful to share some stories with members of my family during quality quiet times at my home.	I found these stories to be an excellent educational tool for all ages.		How interesting it was to follow the train of clarifications, and to try to pin-point the message of the author through the use of these stories:	How do things look like from the heavenly perspective and from the perspective of truth? How does life develop when conducting our ways through an earthly perspective?	These wonderfully written short stories clarify both ways and their outcome.	The stories illustrate truths such as divine justice and fearlessness through simple yet well written and flowing stories. I would suggest not letting your reading flow too fast, because the truths are too important to pass on without maximal attention.		All the stories serve as lessons directing human nature to a sublime behavior and to lofty ways of understanding and conduct. They do not provide all the answers but they awaken questions and promote thought, inviting the use of discernment in the mind of the reader.		Kalo provides an enlightened prospective of many human situations that reflects knowledge of truth to the honest reader. He brings to the attention the dangers of earthly thinking and understanding that could lead humanity astray.		Listen carefully to this assortment of short stories. Messages of high wisdom will be revealed to you. This series of charming stories can help the reader to see things the way they really are rather then how they would seem to the common human eye.		If you want to learn how to avoid illusions and error, these short stories will serve as road signs. Listen to their message and you will be able to easily make your way on a straight and smooth path, in which you cannot get lost.
0,There are caveats before I give my official review.  Back in February I read, reviewed and hosted a "Guest Author" spotlight at the request of Pump Up Your Book, for A Note from an Old Acquaintance by Bill Walker.  I thought the book was exceptional, giving it a rating of 5/5.  You can read my review here.  Bill had contacted me, after I posted my review,  and asked if I would mind posting the review on some sites, which I agreed to do.  Since that time, we have touched base every now and then as to how things were going with his book.  He told me that he was working on a manuscript (revising, editing, making changes) of a book that he had written and with limited printing in 1998.  I then received an email from him, which amazed me, surprised me and, quite honestly, felt honored to receive this request.  Could he entrust me with this manuscript and give my honest opinion as a reader, consumer and reviewer?		I have not read the original Titanic 2012, that was printed years ago so I can not compare it to the revised manuscript that I recently finished reading.  However, and ironically knowing that I had the manuscript in my EReader waiting for me to read, I saw that another blogger had found a copy of the original and had read the book.  Sheila, from One Person's Journey Through A World Of Books,  reviewed this book on her blog.  I also need to say that the revised manuscript edition, is just that, a manuscript.  Bill has informed me that it is now in his agent's hand, so the revised edition, that I will be reviewing, has not yet been published nor is it available as of this date.  However. I did tell him that since this blog is about books and my honest thoughts and reviews of books I read, that I would treat his manuscript in the same manner I do for all books I read.  I also told him that I pride myself on giving a credible and honest review of every book I read, and that the same criteria would be utilized for his manuscript.  He agreed.  He also promised me that when the book does become available, he would notify me to let my followers, readers and visitors know so that I can give an update.  And now my thoughts and opinion of said manuscript:		Titanic 2012 by Bill Walker (revised manuscript)	Final Manuscript Draft	At the request of the author, who entrusted me with his manuscript, a PDF was sent via email to be downloaded to my EReader, at no cost to me, for my honest opinion.	  Synopsis (blurb borrowed from GoodReads for original print):  When James Cameron's vision of a movie, Titanic, made it to the screen, who would've known just how popular it would become? Now there's a new mystery thriller that puts the luxury liner of doom in the near future with suspenseful results. It's the year 2012, and best selling mystery novelist Trevor Hughes has just about completed his next big book when old friend Harlan Astor announces that he's spent hundreds of millions of dollars to stage one of the biggest publicity shows in history: he's built a new Titanic, an exact replica of the 1912 version. This tweaks Trevor's writerly instincts, and in short order, he breaks up with his girlfriend and heads out for Poland to board the maiden voyage of this colossal remake. Even Kate Winslet is on hand to christen the ship, and the media are eating it up. But why did Astor do this, and why did he handpick the people who are boarding this remarkable ship? First-time novelist Bill Walker rings all the bells and blows all the whistles as he sets sail with his maiden voyage d&eacute;j&agrave; vu, TITANIC 2012.	  My Thoughts and Opinion:  I have to preface this by saying that I saw the movie, Titanic, on multiple occasions and enjoyed it each time.  Also, there will be no spoilers in this review.  The premise of the plot, at times parallels the movie to some degree, but the story line stands on its own.  The parallels were Harlan Astor, who's great grandfather was lost in the tragedy of the original Titanic, designed the new ship to resemble the original.  He also planned other details to resemble the maiden voyage of 1912, such as the dress of the passengers, the menu, the different classes, the valets.  As the synopsis states, Titanic 2012 is a suspenseful romance.  The author's words transported me back to 1912 and then back to the present.  I found myself so engrossed in reading this manuscript whereas I became part of the story and unaware what was going on around me.  The characters were brought to life through the writer's descriptions and each had their reasons for wanting to be a part of Titanic 2012.  As far as the suspense, a page turner.  I apologize for being vague, but there are many aspects to the suspense theme and will not include any spoilers in this review.  The romance perspective profound, yet tender and emotional.	  I am sorry for posting this review due to the fact that it is unavailable as of right now.  But will honestly tell you, that when it is published, it is a must read.  If you are a fan of Titanic, the movie, you will love Titanic 2012.  Put this one on your TBR list now and hopefully it will be obtainable soon.  And like the movie whereas I saw it more than once, when this is in print, I will be reading it again.  Bravo Mr. Walker !!	  My Rating:  5
0,This is a marvellous book! For anyone who is familiar with Venice it is an absolute must; for anyone who has never been there, it will really spark your interest. While it is a history book, do not be put off by visions of dry stats and facts.  This is really lively, interesting and in parts quite amusing.  It is written in a very accessible manner with lots of interesting facts and stories, albeit from (mostly)the 4th Crusade!  I would really recommend it to anyone who has any interest in Venice and that era of history.
0,Seriously, one of the best books I have read in a really long time! The cheekiness, the love, the loss, the pain, the gain! I loved all of it! Not only was the storyline so good, but the characters all were equally amazing! Hands down 5+ stars!
0,I received this for an honest review.. I have to say Rebecca has done it again. She has pulled me deep into her book and I am now in LOVE with Curtis. One of my favorite parts of this book is that you really get the story behind the man in this book. This book absolutely has it all good drama, hot sexiness and Curtis's point of view which I LOVE!!!!! I cant wait for book 3 to get here... IM READY!!!!
0,As always Bella never fails to have you catching Your breath, Yelling and even tears while reading Her books, And then You become so in love with Her books and Somewhere along The line You have jumped into This Awesome Magical World and The Characters become Friends & Family.. Azazel HAS to go!!
0,Debbie Macomber is the rare author who without cussing or sex can write a real story of life, love, and forgiveness. This is definitely another keeper that I am happy to share with my friends. I look forward to the next book in this latest Cedar Cove Series.
0,With Daniel Silva's novels, I always come to the same conclusion. Brilliant. How does he manage to use the same characters in essentially the same roles, but always comes up with another gripping story that enthrals from start to finish? I think it lies in the descriptive details of the locations and the variations in plot that arise. Great entertainment from a great novelist. It would be too great a strain to my descriptive abilities to itemise the nuances of each of his novels. So with apologies to Daniel Silva for my short comings I will post this for every novel of his I have read (about 90%.
0,I bought this book pre-owned, in "good" condition. I am very satisfied. The previous owner had taken the liberty of installing tabs in the pages, marking the chapters and other important sections. Seeing as I am a total Tarot novice, this is quite useful! I wouldn't have dreamed of receiving the item like this but I am certainly glad I did. Shipping and packaging were fantastic as well. I will certainly buy from this seller again.
0,I found the writing style very much to my liking. The story and character development was very well handled. I will certainly add Nickless to my list of fav writers.
0,Another good story in the Breyer Horse series.
0,While investigating the trafficking of vampire blood, wolf shifter Aiden Nicholl, encounters his vampire bondmate, Larissa Danesti, he thought was dead.		I loved Aiden and Larissas Story.  Kate Reus wrote an incredible novel that was full of action and surprises.		Aiden is a worthy hero.  He is strong and caring.  I enjoy his personality and the reasons why he antagonizes his fellow male pack mates.  He has never stopped loving Larissa; I felt for all he suffered.		Larissa is a well-developed and likeable heroine.  I loved her ancestry and supernatural abilities.  After being placed in stasis, she handles her reintroduction to the world well.  I appreciated her insecurities.		Reus also does an exception job with the side stories and including old characters, while introducing new ones.  I enjoyed how little details play out throughout the novel.  Hunter reborn is a great addition to the Moon Shifter series.
0,Great read
0,I really enjoyed this book  and look forward to more books by this most talented author. She is on my list of favorites.
0,Really enjoying the mysteries by Patricia Wentworth!!
0,Loved it! Buried treasure - but what's in the box? Will it be the ruin of the cats and the community?  Can the cats work together to stop the evil? Ghosts, magic potions and a nosy bookseller.  Wonderful series.
0,Great help to get thru game.
0,One would think that having your quaint bed and breakfast inn, on a small island off the coast of Maine, fully booked by a yoga retreat, would lead to tranquility. Not for Nat and her husband John, the local law enforcement on Cranberry Island. Their inn has been dragged into a murder. The victim is a newly arrived resident bent on getting just about everyone on the island to become a prime suspect in her demise. Even the guests at the inn are on that list. However, none of them got into a knock down, drag out fight at the local store that involved bags of flour, potatoes and a jug of soy milk. Nat's friend, a participant in the brawl, goes to the head of the line of suspects and Nat is hot on the trail of a killer. Friends defend friends, especially when they are charged with murder.	Tensions are rising by the minute and there isn't enough time in the day, of yoga and meditation 24/7, to defuse this bunch. To be honest, most of the people who have crossed the victims path are wondering what took so long for her killer to snap.	This is the 8th in the Gray Whale Inn mystery series, a series that has never disappointed me. While this entry can be read as a stand alone it's even better to enjoy them in order. It's a wonderful series for a binge read.
0,WOW! I couldn't put this book down. I was on the edge of my seat through the twists and turns. Lies, deceit, love and suspense are a few things going on in this story. I love the characters. This story keeps you guessing. I received an advanced reader copy for an honest review.	*Magic Beyond The Covers Book Blog*
0,Love these..I am buying all in the series, faster reference than online searching, more effective in rapid memorization due to graphics.
0,A great grab you story. Lord Luvington must wed before the month is up and he has set his sights on Lady Sara. Too bad for him his reputation proceeds him and his has his work cut out for him. I liked Lady Sara, she's no wilting violet and she lets her opinion be known. As the courting ensues Lady Sara gets to know the deeper side of Lord Luvington, but do they what it takes to make it work? Can Lord Luvington show Lady Sara he's more than a rake?
0,I love historical romances, but when I first read the title and description of this book, I thought it sounded like it would be a little too cheesy.  But I was wrong! The Inconvenient Marriage of Charlotte Beck by Kathleen y'Barbo is one of those books you just can't put down! Charlotte Beck and Alexander Hambly can't stand each other, but when Alex is faced with financial ruin and Charlotte desires to go to college more than anything, the solution Charlotte's father comes up with is marriage.  Alex and Charlotte secretly agree to plan an annulment, but then Alex changes his mind and makes Charlotte furious!	I thoroughly enjoyed this book and even laughed out loud a few times!  This is actually the third book in a series, which I didn't realize at first, but it is a great read all by itself.  I recommend this book and look forward to reading more by Kathleen Y'Barbo.		I received this book free from Waterbrook Multnomah Publishing for review.  All opinions are mine.	[...]
0,Lots of intrigue.....very interesting characters.  Barbara Freethy is one of my favorite authors....she keeps her stories moving.  Great book.
0,Yet another wonderful Wiggs book, just excellent.  Continues with the Lakeshore series locales.  I love the references to characters in past books and what they are doing, very subtley woven into the story.  Wiggs fans will not be disappointed!
0,Just do it. Read it.  Just as Erik Carter , the author, stated as a hope . You will enjoy it.
0,I read the american version and wondered about the British version. There are sublet differences small words are changed nothing major.
0,Love this series. However, ordering straight from the publisher is just as affordable and they also started doing "packages" with several books and bonus books and I really like that!
0,I haven't finished it yet (87% completed), but I'm really enjoying it as much as I did the first 2 books in the trilogy.  I highly recommend it.
0,I pretty much love anything she writes! Never a boring moment...not to mention her cousin is one of my dear friends.
0,I really liked the characters in this book and wanted to keep turning the pages. I can't wait for the next one to come out.
0,I love the spiral bound. You can lay the book open and it makes it easy to copy pages. Love love love the patterns. There is a page with photos that show you what is In each chapter. Quick guide.
0,This  book was short, but contained all the elements of a good Tyler Cunningham mystery/adventure.  I recommend this  book to those who enjoy a clever author.
0,This is an extremely well written book. Without getting bogged down with technical jargon and keeping the gore to a minimum, Riley gives the facts and crafts the stories, keeping each of their histories interesting and bringing each story to a close, complete with an update on the current status that addresses the far-reaching impact of the tragedies. Highly recommended!
0,Awesome book!!!	Learned how to play the piano through this book only through the book (of course!) and perseverance!!!
0,It is a good read.
0,Pulls you in.
0,I literally could not put this 'book' on my iPhone down!  I wanted to cry with Aggie as she trips through her struggles and yell at her mother-in-law with her.  As the end came near, I was very worried about what would happen with Aggie and the kids.  Then I realized there was a sequel.  It was downloaded the next instance!
0,A book I could not put down.
0,A great opposites attract story.  It's hot and sexy.  The heroine is sassy and the hero is dangerous but irresistible.  I was bummed when I reached the end.  I wanted more of these two.  I hope there's more on the way.  Pick this one up!
0,This is one of the 'great' American novels. The term 'great American/Irish/British' novel is bandied about frequently as commentators generally measure the health or otherwise of fiction. But Gatsby truly is in a league of its own. This wonderful tale of dreams and dreams crushed, of idealism and dissipation, is narrated by Nick, who finds himself a neighbour of Jay Gatsby, a man who likes to throw ravishing, magical, three-day parties to his hordes of admirers. There are few friends, as we discover, only the speculative new rich and aspiring rich who wonder about how he came by his wealth. It is assumed that he is corrupt. There is a love-story at the heart of the book too, and hints of racism and anti-semitism trickle through in a couple of lines (not authorial racism/anti-semitism so much as strands which are clearly a feature of this depiction of Long Island Jazz Age society). It is a novel you will think about long after you've read it. Don't see the Baz Luhrman movie. In comparison to this, it is rubbish, and it prettifies Daisy, the object of Gatsby's affections. Unlike in the movie, the book pulls no punches when it comes to a laying bare of human domination and submission, misogyny, corruption, some violence, and the general, rotten, uncaring quality of human beings when they are being fickle and selfish. It is also beautiful written, with exquisite sentences to chew over!
0,Over the summer I set up a Leveled Library for the elementary classes at my school. I would not have been able to do it without this book. I was able to find 98% of all the books in our leveled book collection.  I am talking about the books that you buy in six packs that are strictly for guided reading/leveled books. Some of the books were also books from our regular library collection and I was able to find those in this book as well. But for most of those books - I can find information free online.  It was very difficult for me to find any information on those thin paperback leveled book sets (Rigby, Houghton Mifflin, McGraw Hill) anywhere online. There aren't MARC records available for most of them either (OCLC was the only place where I found a few.)  I was so thankful that this book had the basic info that I needed.  As a previous reviewer mentioned - Some of the books don't have authors listed but I found that those books did not have authors listed in the books themselves- like the Science Series books for example where only the publisher is listed and no author. I also like that the general genre was listed with the book so I could quickly figure out which Dewey Number to assign to the book without having to dig too deep. I highly recommend this for a teacher or librarian interested in assigning levels to books in your classroom or or for adding titles to your library collection.
0,Rating: 4.5/5		This is a delightful Amish romance in which Linda, a gifted quilter, discovers that life just isn't as perfect as she dreams of and has lots of surprises along her way to finding happiness.		Linda Mueller is the youngest daughter in the Mueller family but hates being referred to as Little Sister as some of her older siblings fondly refer to her. Shes very idealistic and struggles to accept anything - or anyone - who doesnt meet the standards she aspires to. She is also quite quick to judge others but is in for some startling revelations concerning her own family in this enthralling story.		She hasn't been attracted to any of the local young men but when she meets Isaac, things start to change. However she is unaware of his past and her idealism may tear the two apart before their love stands any chance....		I really enjoyed this book which has great characters and gives an insight into the lives of this largely Amish community, including revelations from the past that shed light on the impact of the financial problems in the between war era on families. It was a real page turner and, although Lindas immaturity showed through many of her initial attitudes and reactions, she grows as the story develops. It was great learning of the family secrets and relationships both of which are explored further making it an intriguing story which I have no hesitation in recommending to anyone who enjoys a lovely, clean romance with a great characters and delightful plot.		I requested and was given a copy of this novel, via NetGalley, with no obligation. This is my honest review of the book after choosing to read it.
0,This is a very well written book. This is a very emotionally engaging book. Yet it was a very hard book for me to read  because of the subject matter. That evil people would lure girls into forced prostitution through a phony modeling job is just disgusting. That young girls would desire the glamour so much that they are taken in by promises is just heart breaking.		While this is a heart wrenching novel, it is well written, has excellent character development, a well developed plot, and more than enough suspense. I highly recommend it.		I received a complimentary digital galley of this book through Partners in Crime Virtual Book Tours. My comments are an independent and honest review.
0,More compelling than I expected. The narration in the prologue and epilogue gave a better perspective to the whole story. Thank you Mr Sullivan.
0,WOW the story is beautifully written making you feel the emotions of the characters.  The story line was down to earth and made you want to keep reading just to find what will happen next.
0,When I read the first chapter I thought, "thank god his was only free and I didn't waste my money on it". As I continued to read I found myself sucked into the story and ended up not able to put the book down!!! I was pleasantly surprised in the end and will be buying the next book now :)
0,This book has helped me as a father helping my children with a Borderline and Narcissistic Mother.
0,I loved this book, it struck me as being a mix of Azimov's robot novels with the "survival of humanity" scenarios in Footfall.
0,His words doused me with gasoline, his eyes light the match.		Phew! I loved Crow and the Alpha Mafia boss Lachlan but Ronan, strong,silent with a dark & gruesome past, I loved his character even more.		Tortured and held captive as a child, a stolen childhood. Ronan is all man but very much a small boy inside, still trying to comprehend the whirlwind of feelings and emotions and Sasha is the right woman who gradually brings this complex man peace.		Ronan has been fascinated with Sasha since he first met her at the club which is owned by the mafia syndicate, he silently watches her, secretly looks out for her, he doesn't know what to do with the feelings he has for her only to protect.		Sasha is a strong character with a meekness and calm about her, she gave up any college dreams to work and pay for her sick mother's medical bills and to send her sister to school then college by becoming a dancer.		Ronan becomes Sasha's savior when she faces danger and they start to spend time together and begin to act on the pull they both have towards each other.		You gradually begin to see a new side to Ronan from the man of few words to an overprotective Alpha, someone who would lay his life down for the woman he loves.		Danger, action,hotness, Reaper has it all. A brilliant Mafia romance with great characters. If you have read Crow you will be pleased to know you also get glimpses of Lachlan and Mac.		Recommended Mafia romance.
0,I just love these book.  The books are entertaining, fun and once I start reading I can't put it down until I'm finished.
0,I am just now getting acquainted with it and will start trying some very promising recipes.  It is more than a cookbook, it tells a personal story and makes the person reading this cookbook feel like a  friend is sharing favorite recipes, or like one of the family.  Most are unfamiliar to me but look delicious.
0,I was surprised at how insightful this book was. Suh offers practical advice for bringing all we have to offer forward to help change the world. It's an inspiring and important read.
0,An excellent review of the PT Boats of WWII.  A very nice resource for us scale modelers, and for those fans of Mosquito Boat history.
0,pretty good read. getting into the flow on second book.
0,Following up on the last adult fantasy debut I read, Age of Assassins (which is from the same imprint, interestingly enough), Im back with another fabulous new read for yall! The Court of Broken Knives takes readers into the dark, gritty world of Sparks imagination. Here the title of Queen of Grimdark that Ive seen the author labeled as truly comes to light.		I actually had to look up was grimdark fantasy was because Id only heart the name in passing but hadnt really read anything in the sub-genre. And then it all made sense. This book isn't nice. It isn't kind. It isn't all happy magic and saving the day.		Its ruthless. Its vicious. Its utterly vile.		And I loved all of it.		I don't know what that says about me but well, this book was beautiful. I think the writing is what captured me the most. Spark has a way with words, and I don't mean that as a joke. The words are woven in an almost lyrical way that both increases the dark atmosphere while also tempering it enough to make it readable from a morality standpoint. It reminded me a bit of Jay Kristoffs Nevernight in that sense and its the kind of writing that I loved but I know doesnt work for every reader so if its not your thing, this book might not be for you.		The story follows four character perspectives, that of a soldier, a prince, a politician, and a priestess. And if you think these characters are heroes then you're not reading the right book.		Its rare I read a book where there isn't a hero figure and a villain, where morals are gray and then some, where the characters have questionable pasts and will do whatever it takes to get what they want. Not to be good guys. Just because they want to. No hidden motives to increase tension. No mysteries to give them something to reveal to the reader. What you see is what you get and I loved it. Truly, these characters didn't need to be good because they were interesting and Id take that any day.		Then theres the world-building. Well I mentioned the writing, right? Spark took that writing and brought this world to life with the perfect balance of detail to story. I never felt over- or underwhelmed by the world, nor was I confused by anything. I fell head first into this edgy, gritty world. Its violent and terrible but I couldn't put it down.		The Court of Broken Knives is not for everyone. You have to know what you're getting into when you pick up this book and thats a beautifully crafted new fantasy that will make you question everything you thought you knew. There are no heroes here. There are no villains. There are people and the decisions they make, the journey they take, and the consequences that follow. Get this book on your shelves, yall!
0,Ok
0,The second of the trilogy, Heat is a hot story of two kids in college who like each other, but one is much more experienced than the other. There are threads of 50 shades in here (in the fact that he's a bit damaged and she is inexperienced) but well written and definitely worth it. I'm impatiently waiting the third installment
0,This was my oldest son's first book.  We started reading it to him during bedtime when he was 6 months old because he always got excited seeing animals.  It quickly became a favorite and as he learned to talk, he would help "read" it by making the baby animal sounds.  This book always brings back great memories!
0,This is a well made product of a book. It will take a reader from A to Z on Rabbits.	Simple read. Very candid. Covers every single subject concerning Rabbits.
0,Just read it! The story was great. The characters equally great. Only one glaring boo boo: a gossip rag would never offer a reward for a story, and then alert the press when they get it. Other than that, I would say that this romance is brilliant. I will definitely read more Sandy James.
0,A very touching and sometimes disturbing story of one woman's life in a southern town during the reign of the KKK and how she stood up for what she felt was right.
0,The title seems to give away the content, but remember, this is Stephen King.  Suspense, drama, and his usual dose of sci-fi imagination, but extremely well done.  Couldn't put it down, even though I knew how it ends.
0,This is a wonderful book about Plains indians life. It explains the social interactions of the Dakota indians.  There is a touch of the results of one of the US government programs to commit genocide.  That part took me a while to read because i knew what was coming.  Love the book.
0,This short novel, though fiction, had enough historical fact to be credible and is written very engagingly. I was carried along with the action and had tears in my eyes a few times.
0,Good read. Will probably buy book 2 when available.
0,birthday gift for my friend who sends lots of cards and letters. she really liked it.
0,Omg! This is the sexiest core tingling book I ever read. Detailed in BDSM it can pique the interest of the purest of hearts !
0,I liked the book as I am both interested in the Civil War and ghost stories.  I would recommend the book.
0,INCREDIBLE.	I can't even put into words how much I LOVED this book.	This is a kick-ass story set in a post apocalyptic world that has been overrun by angels. Now these aren't just some sweet loving angels, these are angels bent on destroying mankind.		Between the non-stop action and the great cast of characters, this book has it all.		Penryn, the heroine, is trying to escape her apartment with her schizophrenic mother and handicapped sister one night when they happen across a lone angel fighting five others. Unable to do anything but watch this brutal fight, her sister Paige accidentally makes a small noise which is enough to catch their attention. Naturally, Penryn needs to create a diversion. As revenge for interrupting the fight, one of the angels kidnaps Paige before flying off. Penryn vows to use the injured angel (who we later learn is named Raffe) and his wings to get her sister back.		I absolutely loved these characters. Penryn and Raffe are both such strong characters and the dialogue between them was at times hilarious (and need I mention the obvious chemistry between them?).	As much as I love the idea of Raffe and Penryn together, I'm glad the romance doesn't contribute much (if anything) to the overall story. The focus is primarily on Penryn rescuing her sister, as it should be. Although, come to find out Paige is no longer the same little girl that Penryn once knew.		This was one of those books that you want to finish to see what happens but at the same time you never want it to end (I know there are two more books but still). Immediately after finishing this one I had to buy World After. Had I read this a few years ago when it first came out I don't know how I would have survived the wait!		Hands down one of the best books I've read this year. Highly recommend!
0,Miss Alice Bursnell is determined to wreak revenge on Nathaniel Eastwood, Viscount Abingdon, for the seduction, ruin, and death of her beloved twin sister. But how to expose a seducer without falling prey herself? As she gets closer to Nathaniel, she finds she is in serious danger of following in her sisters much-too-tempted footsteps. The man is nothing like the heartless rake she expected...and his kisses are truly divine. Could she be wrong about him?		When a mysterious and gorgeous woman confronts Nathaniel at a fancy ball, he suspects she has murder on her mindhis own. But the more he tries to determine who the deceptively innocent beauty isand what shes up tothe deeper he falls under her alluring spell. Nathaniel fears hes in imminent danger of losing his life...or worse, his heart.		Review:		A very well-done debut novel from this first time Author!		The title was right, there are lots of secrets being kept in this book. In this historical we have a heroine bent on revenge and a case of mistaken twin.  There were lots of twists and turns in this book and not sure who could be believed.  Alice and Nathaniel were extremely likable and enjoyed the slow build in their tension filled romance.  When they give into their love it is exhilarating, emotional and sexy.  This is the first in a new series and I loved the secondary characters and cannot wait to see what is in store for them.  Wessex, definitely needs to be turned inside out.  And Nicholas, I so hope that Adelaide is not really dead and will come back to him.		4Stars	*I voluntarily read an advance reader copy of this book provided by the publisher,*
0,OMG it was AWESOME! I loved it!!! Sweet, fast and wonderful with a perfect ending! ^_^
0,Although the character and environment development continues to keep me interested the story line is becoming predictable. Telisa a finds new world, engages new alien species, finds new artifacts she can use, and repeat.  I'm waiting for the next big story line.  I'll keep going only to see what happens if Magnus and Telisa get back together.  Time to expand the story.
0,Loved this book.  Especially loved the information about sea travel.  Dry descriptive with a great plot. Thanks for doing your homework .
0,I wish this book could be made into a movie starring Katherine Hepburn as the grandmother.  It is well-written, mysterious, spell-binding, and totally entertaining.  I loved this book so much that I begged others to read it just so we could discuss it.
0,I read this book while in the US Army on a deployment (during down time) & this book found it's way throughtout the whole platoon in a matter of a month. It reads so quickly and is such a great narrative. An interesting point about the book is that it documents the only Airborne operation in Vietnam (I mean with parachutes you slimy LEGS). He also operated on a boat in the river & later as a LRRP. I would love to know if he ever wrote another book. Cool thing about my tattered paperback copy is that it has a photo of John Leppelman stepping out of a plane in the back, still Airborne after all those years. Definately a must read for you 1Ps. All the WAY!
0,A great finale for Doig fans.
0,Good murder mystery kept me into the book right to then end. Characters were true to life felt immersed in the story
0,Great book for kids!!
0,This was a great little get away to fantasyland.  It read like a young woman's dream come true.  Thank you Ms. North.
0,I was given a copy of this book in exchange for an honest review, and man!  Am I glad I did!!  First, it is a sequel to another book, "The Fourteenth Colony", but can be read as a stand alone because all of the characters are introduced with complete back stories.  There are several subplots going at the beginning that was a tad confusing, but when they all met together.....BAM!!!  Everything falls into place and you won't see it coming.  Anyone who enjoys a good psychological thriller or a good mystery should put this one on their list.  Planning on getting the previous book and will definitely continuing reading this series should there be more.
0,Some say the most valuable health benefit of exercise is in enhancing mental health.  This book explores how being physically active contributes to our positive mental health.  Well researched.
0,We keep a series of small coffee table readers in our living room year-round.  Usually they're just short reads.  The small kinds of books you find at the book store that are cute, but don't offer a long-term read.  The last 2 holiday seasons I've been looking for some aptly themed ones for the coffee table.  This is perfect.  Cute, funny, & somewhat ironic.  This would make a great gift idea for a cat lover, or just someone who loves cute humor.  It's also small enough that you could use it as a stocking stuffer.  Def worth it!
0,Loved every minute of it !!!! Sad to see it end
0,Wasn't sure I would like this but it was better than expected. Turns out I knew nothing about Exorcism and based all my thinking on the movie years ago. Would not like to be a part of one, either as a spectator or worse yet the one who was exhorzied!!
0,Another great story by Richards! Action, science, philosophy,and ethics! Everything a good science fiction story needs. I'm ready to read the next in these series!
0,I thought this book did a great job of letting us see inside the minds of teenagers who took a permanent act to solve a temporary problem.
0,OK
0,I got this book for my Daughter in law - who is due to deliver in a couple of months.  the lay out is beautiful and the writing is easy to read and follow - My daughter in law said it was very insightful and she is looking forward to applying these techniques when she delivers!		if your going to have kids, you should read this! if your thinking about having kids, you should read this! the information is timeless
0,Very helpful in understanding the Japanese customs and helped us navigate our 3 weeks of touring Japan.
0,This book was a bit gruesome but gripping. Read it all in one sitting. I loved the mysticism of it.
0,This book was an enjoyable read.  I have really enjoyed this author.  Arrived in a timely manner.
0,I finally finished "Say Forever" by Tara West and I am pleased as well as intrigued by some of the minor characters. It was their untold stories that held me captive  and it is also a sign of a good writer. In Say Forever, Christina goes through some serious drama with her and Andres' family. And Andres, poor Andres- he wants to marry Christina but fears he may hurt her more than help the relationship. He is still having nightmares about his past and now that Christina is definitely pregnant, it leaves no doubt that he must marry her even though he is working rough, long hours and barely get to  see her.		What got on my nerves were the families and their response to Christina's wedding ideas. Her (birth) mom, bless her heart wanted to be involved with  wedding since she missed her child's early years but even she came off as too demanding and the drama it caused is something you'd have to read for yourself to find out.		Andres' aunt and his "evil" cousin tried to dictate what Christina will wear to the wedding and even questions her religion, her faithfulness and other upsetting questions; and one of them accuses her of only wanting the money Andres will inherit...		With my heart pounding, the only thing I could wonder is: Will Andres and Christina ever survive this?		*ARC received for my unbiased review from the author.
0,Excellent and practical.
0,Oh My Word! What to say? I think for once a book has left me speechless.		Naked Truth? I don't know how I will recover from reading this book.		I wish I could give this double ratings because this wasn't just a book. It was life-changing!		Seriously, I view life differently. This book has such a big impact on me and I don't even know what to say. I can't relate but I know people who can relate. I empathize with them now after reading this book. I mean I don't even know them personally but I want to give them this book to read because that's how powerful this book is!		I fell in love with Lily. She was amazing and strong and bold and brave. So many words describe how awesome she is.		I literally am gutted! I don't know if I've ever cried happy and sad tears while reading one book. That's what this book left me feeling.		BEST BOOK EVER that Colleen Hoover, or really any author I have read, wrote. I've never cried so many times throughout a book. I would cry like every ten pages. I was straight out bawling near the end.
0,Even though I had read a few books on the subject of Chakras I decided to purchase this fantastic full color (Rainbow Chakra Center: Body-Mind-Spirit) chart.  This wonderful chart covers the physical areas and glands of each energy center and the mental, emotional, strengths and blocks of each energy center.		The back side goes into more detail on each chakra color and location. It also explains the meaning of Chakra in Sanskrit is Wheel. Even though some of the writing was very small; nevertheless, this chart provides a summary of essential information for anyone who is into Chakra healing methods.		This is a great chart for reviewing the role the Chakras play in our total health issues.		Rating: 4 Stars.  Joseph J. Truncale (Author: Seated/Chair Tai Chi, Qigong, and HYoga for seniors and for the physically challenged).
0,I've read just about everything I can find about this fascinating case, and this is the most credible, convincing, and engaging one I've found. It is long, but I could not put it down. First, this writer has the highest credentials among the group of writers on this subject that includes some wackos and wannabes: he is the son of his own suspect and served many years as a senior homicide detective in L.A. The book is intriguing on many levels: as a steamy insight into L.A. life and crime in those days; as an exposure of the true depth of corruption present in L.A. law enforcement at the time; as an honest record of family abuse & pain; and, maybe most important, as a comprehensive historical record of all the true facts about this case still available.	Whether you agree with Hodel's theory or not (I obviously do), this book is the most informative and factual you will find.
0,Fantastic!
0,The best
0,Excellent as well as timely reading!  Even though the book is dated, it's still "current".  Perfect for my false teaching and false doctrine class!  A must read for today's style of Christianity -- which, in many churches, is not biblical!
0,Loved the book just as I enjoy every book written by Danielle Steel
0,Once again, I feel like I am one of the last bloggers to read this book. I've had it on my shelf for at least two years and I just haven't picked it up until now. I will admit that the movie is what made me read the book. I can't see movies without reading the book so I forced myself to read this one so I can see the movie. I am so glad that I made myself read this one finally!		The Perks of Being a Wallflower is told all in letters from Charlie to an anonymous friend. To me, this style of writing did two things. It made the story quicker and easier to read (and it's already a pretty quick book since it's only 213 pages.) It also made the story seem more real. You never find out who the anonymous friend is and it's almost like Charlie is just writing letters to the reader. This is one of my favorite styles of writing and I loved it in this book in particular.		The Perks of Being a Wallflower is what I would call the quintessential "issue" book. I cannot think of a single "issue" that wasn't addressed in this book. Stephen Chbosky tackled suicide, teen pregnancy, homosexuality, drugs, alcohol, and so much more. He didn't shy away from anything. Normally I might think that all these "issues" are too much but in this case I didn't think that. Each "issue" was handled very truthfully and everything felt real. It didn't seem overdone at all.		Charlie was such a unique main character. I loved him so much. He was a very messed up kid and I honestly couldn't figure out what was wrong with him. I also knew that he had a secret but I never once guessed what it was. When I finally found out, it broke my heart. Everything that Charlie went through killed me. I laughed with him, I cried with him, I went through every emotion. As for his friends, they were all perfect. They brought out different sides of him and they helped him grow so much.		Overall, The Perks of Being a Wallflower definitely deserves all the praise it's been getting. If you haven't picked it up yet, do so now!
0,This is a page turner. It makes you think about todays world. What you would do and how you think you would survive.  If there are more people out there that is sosecure with todays life then they need to read this book. No allot of characters so it is easy to follow. Very good book.
0,I had high expectations for Celeste. Having read the previous books in the series she already had a place in my head and my heart. What Jessica has done with this character is simply lovely. The story for Celeste was perfect, and beautifully written. My heart broke several times throughout this book in good ways and sad ones but in the end all was as it was meant to be. So happy to have gotten a story for such a special character. Thank you.
0,I think this book is fantastic! and am only giving 4 stars because of these few, somewhat petty irks...	As another reviewer wrote, The pumpkin and butternut squash are missing from the week 2 shopping list. I write a lot of notes in my cookbooks and the paper this is printed on isn't great for that. So if you take notes, expect a messy book or test an ink pen in the back first. Also, I wish this wasn't pigeonholed to "autoimmune" as these are the steps that anyone with chronic illness might want to follow, and are really just a strong solid foundation for anyone to have good health.		Other than that, I am finding this to be an excellent step by step workbook. Perhaps because my brain puts information in as the order it was written by the authors, or they just made it accessible. I have the mothership book by Sarah Ballantyne, The Paleo Approach, that the authors of AWH referenced for their book. This book puts the textbook-like writing of Dr. Ballantyne's into an approachable step by step... at least I think so, I have some serious mental fog so keep that in mind, ha!		I can tell that it is well thought out as I have to retrace things many times to process and this book is fluid for me, which I need right now. I get the why but stumbled putting together the how. I also love that it starts with sleep and meditation. So many well meaning people start with a big push on the movement, really not understanding that it can take all day to make a pot of soup when you are ill. Which brings up something else about this book I appreciated: the cooking wasn't overwhelming, but I couldn't have started without a hand that first week. My stamina has been improving since then (probably because of the "permission" to rest, be still and silent). When I add in the local market that has online ordering that can be picked up by anyone (which saves days when I consider all it takes to get there, shop, home, put away and then recover for a day or three) and I don't have to wait for the delivery window and delivery person in the house. {side note: I can't manage a butternut squash yet, some days carrots are a lot, so I do have bags of frozen on hand instead (it saves a lot of kitchen & recovery time). Seems like 2 10oz bags of frozen butternut equal one fresh and a bag of sliced carrots is usually what goes well in soups, stews, and the like. Also, I look for any kale, chard, etc. already washed and prepped. It's worth the extra pocket change to spare the kitchen time; I had to let go over my penny-pinching tendencies}		The recipes are good and the portions are generous. We eased in the first week and just did the meal plan as written (which is for 1 person) With my husband eating leftovers from the week before and transitioning the last of our fresh produce, we had plenty of food for the 2 of us. I have a lot of nausea and I found the meals easy on my gut and I can always manage to eat at least 1/2 because they smell so tantalizing. Having leftovers planned in the meal plan is perfect! Thank you for not turning leftovers into something else and having to basically recook something. So many meal plans try to make things glamorous and I simply need fast, easy, clean, and tasty. That they freeze well and say how long they keep is great! I don't have to watch my husband play leftover roulette trying to remember when he made something (I don't participate in this bizarre game of his.) Also, I sort of blew up our oven like a Molotov cocktail and have been using an Instapot instead of baking the recipes. I find a similar recipe in an instapot cookbook and just adapt the time and pressure to the AWH recipes (then make a messy note of it in the book for next time). Any liquid gets simmered down into a sauce. I'm looking forward to trying these in an oven when it is back online.		I'm honestly surprised that I was able to take a shower from start to finish, drying hair, the full gig, without feeling like I was going to pass out for the first time in over a year. I'm so skeptical and jaded after giving so many promises a go but it has only been a few weeks and that's a big shift. I'm also not feeling exhausted today after such a wild ride that most people don't give thought to every morning. I'm looking forward to making exciting progress, like a shower and checking the mail in the same day... maybe a walk around a park (to dream!). Snark aside, I am very appreciative to the authors for putting together the workbook that I needed and getting me started when I wasn't able to think and plan.
0,I am able to lose my self in  this book as I fall in love with each story all over again. I am happy with them and sad with them I feel every emotion as though I am a friend. I hope we get many more stories to come.
0,The illustrations in this book are fascinating! I stared at them intensely to imagine what these actual historical figures must have been thinking at the time they spoke about or undertook these actions against the world's most infamous oppressors. The author did an excellent job and has contributed monumentally to the struggle for justice for victims of oppression in this world! Ase!
0,Today we add Kate Burkholder to the list of literary characters I have a crush on. Linda's writing is beautifully paced, and she paints a beautiful picture here of a small town, its inhabitants, and the crush of a brutal crime on their lives.		I can't wait to spend more time in these books.
0,First, as has been noted, this book is NOT SCIENCE FICTION!  Second, I know John personally and count him as a friend, and did BEFORE he signed contracts to write two books with my wife.  This is NOT 'typical Ringo'.  It's a completely different genre, and he attempts to warn readers about that at every oppurtunity.  The protaganist is specifically NOT a hero of the Paladin variety, but instead is a man with dark desires that he has mostly contained.  This book ventures into some fairly dark adolescent fantasies, including bondage, forced sex (and here is a really dark question - is it rape when he pays the prostitutes' pimp?), and other aspects of life that most people in the US can thankfully avoid.  For what it is, it's a good read.  But if you're expecting the _March_ series, where the only profanity is disguised, or the Aldenata series of fighting off Posleen invaders or Darhel manipulation, this isn't the book for you.  Think of it as Mack Bolan crossed with a bodice-ripper.
0,This book details the quest of a flathead ford build up.  While most of the info is centered around the later 49-53 engine (which is the one the author is building) there are off-shoots in appropriate places detailing the other differences for those working with the earlier engines.  Lots of detailed information about many aspects of the disassembly and build.  This and Tex Smith's (by Ron Ceridono) are the two best flathead books available.  There is little other published information that these two books do not include.
0,I enjoyed reading this book immensely. It's characters are believable. I couldn't put it down. Remembering Summer vacations with my family. Can't wait to see what happens in the next novels.
0,This is one of the best series I've ever had the pleasure of reading. I've read every one of them. I was in the middle of another book when this was released and I just stopped reading it and started on this. They seem to get better and better as the characters are constantly evolving. The only problem I have is dealing with the blues after finishing the book. It's very hard to get up for another book after one of these. It's that good.
0,The most accessible of all McKenna's books. I was hoping for a little more, uh, GUIDANCE about how to navigate through the Dreamstate (life as most of us know it). It doesn't provide that... it's mostly an investigation of what the Dreamstate is and isn't.		(Also: having read all of McKenna's work, I used to think McKenna was Adyashanti writing under a different name. I no longer believe that.)
0,Good
0,This books gives you the insight of the AT from someone that had never hiked before. Struggles and accomplishments. Very enjoyable read
0,haven't read yet but did see movie.
0,Ordered fro someone else
0,I don't often write reviews, but this book had my interest from page one to the end. I would highly recommend this book for anyone to read. The author's tells his very humble beginnings from a point of view that only one who has lived it could! d tell..
0,Such a good book !! I seriously want one of these brothers ! I can't wait for the next installment of these books !
0,I love to be involved in the lives of Rourke and Eve. This is another home run into their lives and a glimpse of life in 2060.
0,Your questions are difficult to answer.	This is not some bubble head beach novel.	This is a timeless classic written by one of histories most brilliant and prolific writers.	This  is a masterpiece!!! You need to have some time and intelligence to appreciate a book of this magnitude.
0,this book held my attention throughout the book.  I couldn't put it down.  and I had to though on at least three occasions that it touch me and made me cry.  how one thing lead to another and how we all have to stop and take into consideration of others feelings.
0,This was my first David Sedaris collection to read, but it won't be my last.		I've worked in bookstores for a number of years, and have been told repeatedly, from people on either side of the counter, that I MUST read David Sedaris.		He's so funny! I would often hear. Or, his essays are like chocolates that you just can't stop eating. He writes so truthfully about families. Everyone can relate.		I respected the opinions of most of the people who were telling me these things, but I think I went so long without reading David Sedaris, with the knowledge that I SHOULD be reading him that I started to construct my own little defenses for why I hadn't gotten around to him.		How could a large group of people all find the same thing funny without it necessarily being a watered-down least-common-denominator kind of funny, that despite people laughting at it, isn't actually funny at all?		But I decided to finally confront my troubling preconceptions and put them in a brown paper bag with Sedaris's latest book itself, shake them up hard and see what came out.		Well, see here's the thing...if you haven't read David Sedaris yet, you have to. He's so funny! His essays are like chocolates...		I feel like a character in Invasion of the Body Snatchers after I've been taken out to the shed.		But here it's David Sedaris, who may or may not be a space alien from a planet of born storytellers, who did the bewitching himself.		Yes, he's funny. He's very funny. He manages it, by being truthful, incisive, witty, and by being himself.		He does write well about the family, and it's something that everyone will relate to, and will find some different authentic way to laugh at.		David Sedaris is a gifted writer, well worth your time and more than equal to any seemingly superlative hype heaped upon him.
0,Nice read. Book was too short though. Liked all the heroes in the book. Length could definitely be improved on.	The Gaelen Foley book didn't keep with the age. Modern wordings were written which could not be identified with the time this book us based in.
0,Having grown up as a youngster during WWII and also becoming an avid baseball fan while doing so, I was attracted to Weintraub's book.		My father served in the US Navy and shared post-war stories of seeing some of the baseball stars entertain the troops as part of their service commitment (Mickey Vernon comes to mind).		So the author's tracing of the players' military careers and how that impacted their return (or non-return) to the game is very well done - and interesting.		We all know of Ted William's service record, but the writer unearths the records of many others while linking their service to a chronological treatment of the major military events on both fronts.		The book should be of interest to those who grew up during WWII and who wondered how the game itself and its heroes survived to continue baseball's hold on our sporting public in the post-war period.
0,The Last Day of the War by Judith Claire Mitchell concentrates on a serious subject, the abuse of Armenians during and before World War I. It starts on a light note, the meeting a Jewish girl with an Armenian-American soldier in a library in St. Louis. But note: he is there to pick up weapons. It is near the end of World War I, but Yael decides to follow the soldier, Dub, to France. In order to do this she lies about her age, religion and name to work for the YMCA. Against all odds they do meet accidentally in Paris. The story does have a good narrative arc about Dubs pro-Armenian activities as well as the couples potential romance. The lighter side of the books deals with Yaels friendship with another YMCA girl. As rich as the content is, I give it four, rather than five, stars simply because its not that easy to read. At least for me, the language doesnt flow.
0,I love horror books but I haven't read many short story horror anthologies. When i was able to review this books for free, i jumped at the chance. I really enjoyed this book. The stories are really dark and the characters have a kind of desperation to them that you don't normally see. At time, it was like you could actually feel it coming through the words of the book. There are alot of different stories about alot of different subjects, so there is something for everyone. If you don't like one, you just move on to the other. But I really don't think that will be a problem with this collection. The writing is superb and the stories will affect you. Give this one a shot. Its really good. Theres a reason it has so many 5 star reviews. Again, I got a free copy of this book in exchange for my review.
0,I found Urmila Devi Dasi's book a very helpful read for someone like myself who is interested in and very new to the path of bhakti yoga. The words seemed to flow effortlessly and the content was very engaging.  I found it addressed many of the questions that have naturally arisen through my budding practices of chanting and spiritual reading and gave me new considerations towards how to appropriately approach and apply the practice itself.		Scattered throughout this book are Devi Dasi's own personal anecdotes that help tie together important themes in ways that the reader can easily relate to, making this not only an informative book to read but also providing a glimpse into Devi Dasi's personal nature and experiences.		I found this book truly an enjoyable read and one that is sure to be very illuminating for many who are interested in learning more about the sacred practice of chanting God's holy names. I know it was for me!
0,I really loved this book. I love how in the first novel the father was able to turn his life around and continue that journey in this book as well. The book made me smile and made me cry. Overall it was a very good book.
0,This series is amazing!  The characters grab you and draw you in.  I highly recommend this "can't put it down" book!
0,I recently re-read "Wifey" and loved it as much as the first time-when I was living my own similar story. Great characters, right-on characterizatons and a true picture of life 'back then.'
0,Dolly has filled in a lot of blanks of why things are the way they are with the Clintons.  Though I knew about many of the things she wrote about, they made more sense now, how and why they operate the way they do.  I only wish so many people they have fooled, including my own relatives would read the book & see them for what they really are and how they've had a huge hand in making our govt so corrupt.
0,I read only spiritual books and have read several a year for many years.  This is one of my favorites. I've read it once and plan to read it several more times.
0,Outlander is a great historical, dramatic, romantic, and exciting time travel novel and getting this bundle of 7 all at once on my kindle is magic to my reading eyes!
0,I think I like this book better than book one and I thought book one was fantastic. In Let Me In, we get Jessa and Grant's story. They both have past baggage, Jessa from a past boyfriend and Grant from his mom dying,dad's betrayal and a past girl friend. Grant has a harder time of letting his guard down and letting anyone love him. Grant is a great book boyfriend, swoon worthy and hot!! The chemistry between Jessa dns Grant is hot!! This book gives you anxiety and will make you cry!! I Love the friendships in this series, Trey, Dex, Brady, Sadie, and now getting introduced to Sam (Jessa's sister) and Kailey. Never liked Rob in book one and glad Jessa finally came to her senses and dumped him, realizing Grant was the one. Great ending, love when we get an amazing HEA.	Can't wait for Trey's story and more of this great group of friends.
0,Pretty good book with a decent "behind the scenes" view.  This differs from most rocker books, as it is written from a woman's point of view, so you will hear a little more about feelings etc, than from a males perspective.  But that's not necessarily a bad thing I suppose, lol.  Recommended.
0,See full review @ The Indigo Quill . blogspot . com		Thank you Lighthouse Publishing of the Carolinas for providing a copy of the book in exchange for an honest review.		  Jane Jenkins Herlong is a bona fide pearl to add to your strand of inspiration. Very much like Melanie Shankle and Mandy Hale, Herlong brings humor and wit to the scene, even in the most desperate situations. If you're in need of a little perspective, then this book is for you. The book opens up with Herlong's "Mothers of Pearl" where the reader is introduced to the ones who inspired the author throughout her life, planting seeds that grew into [spiritual] fruit that determined several situations in her life.		It doesn't take long to get to know Herlong in Bury Me With My Pearls. She is very open, candid, and has no fear of becoming acquainted with her reader. She takes us through several situations throughout her book of stories about not just her, but of people in her life that added to her strand of pearls. Each story is unique, and comes with its own set of problems and out-of-ordinary solutions that will have you laughing and crying along with them. You will take quite the joy ride through this book, and hopefully you will be left encouraged and inspired as well.		The format of the book is easy to read and easily organized to fit a busy schedule. Each segment is broken up into chapters and subchapters that are short and sweet, but rich in impact. There are only 8 chapters in this book. You will also find plenty of resources in the back to hook you up with more of Herlong's ministry.		The only thing that was missing from my galley was an author bio. It's possible that it's included in the hard copy of the book, but I didn't have access to it at the time. However, I wanted to learn more about the author and was unable to.		Definitely, if you need a laugh, some encouragement, and a dose of inspiration (so basically, if you are a breathing human being with a soul), then you need to pick up this book. You won't regret it!
0,I love the Fever Series. Cannot get enough Mac and Barrons. Read them in order. To get more details, read the Highlander series first, but not necessary. Highlander is more romance. Good, but different from the Fever Series.
0,Hairy earlobes and lots more makes for pages of fun reading in Sellevision. This novel is wickedly soap operish and an enjoyable bit of reading.
0,This is a story of an Danish girl who has became a registered nurse working with children in a hospital and is called home to attend to her father who has had a tragic accident. And that's just the start of her Christmas adventure.
0,Fun easy read
0,Oh my, so good
0,Others have walked the review reader through the general plot of the book, so I am skipping that.		Ms. Estep has created another strong book with #17 in the Elemental Assassin Series. If you have not read the series to this point, the book could be read as a stand-alone book.  However, that reader would cheat themselves out an extremely rich and beautiful backstory of intrigue and an eye for an eye justice.		The heroin of the series is Gin Blanco, an assassin who prefers to ambush hunt her prey like a spider. Gin is also an elemental who has magical stone and ice magic. As the series has matured, Gins foes have gotten more powerful and dangerous.		Even though Gin is an assassin and has killed on assignment, by nature is a protector of those people who cannot protect themselves and the people who make up her inner circle of friends and family.	What set this book apart for me is that Gin has improved as a sleuth, figuring out others motivations and moves.		She is bold but struggles with some of her past actions. She is filled with regrets and guilt over things that she has done in the past. If I were able to say anything to her it would be to look not her actions but the people those actions have saved.		Another reviewer said that Jennifer reuses phrases in her books. But since Gins story is told in first person, to me that is what makes the voice of her character.		Other reviewers have stated that there is a surprise near the end of the book. There is and it sets the stage for the next book brilliantly. I am anxiously waiting for the next Elemental Assassin adventure.
0,This book kept you curious and brought you back to when "things" were what they were. A very good read!
0,love it
0,Love this book! I read it on someone else's recommendation, then immediately started over, reading it aloud to my 16-year-old sons. (I read to him while he does chores.) Next I plan to purchase the audiobook for my 24-year-old daughter. There are many layers to this old-fashioned book with multiple plots. The message of the book (and the message of "Freckles", which takes place before the events of this book) is that character matters more than your circumstances.
0,If you like Mexican food and would like easy recipes with great flavors then this is the recipe book for you. I started these meals in the morning and dinner was ready when I got home.  I was amazed an the information provided regarding the ingredients and how to tips for Mexican food found in this book. Before I got this book the only Mexican food I could cook was Tacos! I really learned a lot about Mexican cooking. If you are busy but would love a great homemade meal then Mexican Slow Cooker recipes are the answer. I tried 3 recipes so far and they were easy to prep and came out amazing in the slow cooker. The fresh ingredients the book tells you to buy make all the difference and every recipe has been adapted to come out perfect in the slow cooker. I can't wait to try some more! I received this book for free but my opinions are my own.
0,It's getting complicated, and not being a book reviewer that's about as detailed as I care to get. Still as interesting as ever, and easy to develop attachments for some of the characters.
0,WOW! If you want fast paced action packed adventure with lovable characters ( even the "bad" guys) this is the series for you. I could not put this story down! It's hard work resisting staying up all night to get in "just One More page". Reads like a thriller with cliff hangers galore but with SF themes like personal freedom versus security thrown in and a little romance to sweeten the mix. I sure hope Ms Dacosta will continue the adventure with at least One more!!
0,Keeps you reading!!! Part of you hope they get away with it and another knows it wouldn't be right! But still sad how it all comes to be!!!
0,Okay, it's now official. Tawna Fenske is now one of my favorite writers when it comes to funny steamy romances. I'm talking laugh-out-loud and snort wine out your nose kinda funny. She writes nice sweet realistic romances, as long as "sweet" means filled with lots of hilarious innuendos and a high intensity attraction between some very likable characters, that is. And sexy? Ooh-la-la. You betcha. There's enough toe-curling steam in her books to take every single wrinkle out of your laundry. And who wants to iron? Read this book instead. It's much more fun.
0,I've been on a PREY marathon for the past week, devouring every book I could get my paws on. CERTAIN PREY is my favorite. Lucas Davenport is a great protagonist, and his character continues to develop throughout the series (so it is worth it to the reader to start at the beginning, although not necessary).	HOWEVER, Sandford focuses on the antagonists this time around: beautiful attorney Carmel Loan, and spunky hitwoman Clara Rinker. While Carmel falls into the usual "crazy" category, Rinker inhabits a realm of her own. She's efficient, practical-minded, and for once, a killer who isn't guided by voices, dark desires, or impulses. Her interactions with Davenport are the most thrilling in the book. I rooted for Rinker from front cover to back. And I want to see her again. Sandford has shown that sequels are possible in the PREY-world (EYES OF PREY and SILENT PREY). Let's hope he gifts us with another look at Clara Rinker.
0,Another great book from Jasper can't wait for the next
0,I absolutely loved this series.  I can't wait until May for book number six to be released.  Cassandra Clare is one of my top three favorite author's of all time!
0,Love this series. great writing,conflict,.Books starts off with memories 20 years when couple first met,then switches 16 years when couple meet again not realizing who the other is then switches to present day.
0,Francis Chan has written an easy to understand guide to a very difficult issue: the doctrine of eternal conscious punishment. With pastoral sensitivity and a heart that feels the issues at stake, Chan lays out in summary form the traditional majority view of Christianity through the centuries, that hell is real and eternal and that unbelievers will go there. The book is intended for general audiences so you are not going to see a lot of interacting with current scholarship. This approach works for me because I think so much about the heart of the issue can be obscured in debates about minute details. Chan never takes his eyes off the reality that we are talking about people and their eternal destinies. If the Bible is true, then this issue of eternal judgment is a vital issue. Chan approaches this work from that sober perspective throughout. At the same time, while he is certain that he is committed to what he sees in the Bible, he also has a spirit of humility. He is willing to admit where the exegetical case seems stronger and where it is weaker. Finally, I appreciated the FAQ at the back of the book, as the questions listed are among the most commonly raised questions one might encounter in dialogue with both Christians and non-Christians.
0,Great series
0,Die Trying was a fun read which I couldn't put it down
0,When I saw the synopsis for this one I was really hoping for something truly original. I read a lot of books and while that normally isn't a downfall of any proportions it can kind of hinder the ability to find something new in the genres that I read the most in. So when I do find something new and unheard of, it is rather refreshing.		I went into this read with absolutely no expectations whatsoever. Not just because the author was unknown to me but because honestly, I didn't want to be disappointed. I hate it when I get excited about what appears to be a completely original premises and later find out it is so cookie cutter it isn't even funny. So, yeah, no expectations whatsoever.		And you know what? I got an original storyline. In fact, I loved the storyline! My only complaint is that things moved a little slowly at first. In fact, even though things are being discovered and relationships built, it really isn't until the last 30% of the book that things really get rolling, but, it wasn't a bad thing.		I did have a few unanswered questions that I wish had been answered about Grey and Cadence's families but I am hoping the next book will get more into that. I did get a lot of my questions answered, just not all of them.		Cae and Grey were great characters, I liked them, maybe not loved them but I liked them well enough and I can see myself continuing with the series when the second book is released.		The author pulled me right into the story from the very first page and made it not only funny but even a little bit creepy at times with the poltergeist activity and the nightmares that Cae was plagued with.		I liked the story behind Jumping Black Flash and the history of Fane's Cove (although again, I wish there would have been just a little more detail behind the town's history but again, I am sure more details will be revealed with the next book).		I think the author did a great job with this one and like I mentioned above, I would definitely continue with the story.
0,Any thing by Donna Tartt beautifully written and well done.
0,Teresa of Avila was an earthy woman with an astonishing sensibility and capacity for religious ecstasy. God wounded her with his arrows the way Eros or Cupid wounds the rest of us with mortal love. Does that make her a saint or a canny sinner? Well, the great thing about this book is you get the fascinating story of this fascinating woman, as well as plenty of engagingly presented historical fact, so that you feel you have met Teresa, walked a few miles in her company, have a clearer idea of who she was as a real person and can make up your own mind. This is a brilliant and delightful book, well worth reading, no matter what you believe about Teresa of Avila.		I discovered Teresa and John of the Cross because they kept me alive after the death of my husband. When I realized my husband was going to die, and that it would be soon, I began to experience what I immediately knew was a 'dark night of the soul.' Not being Catholic, I had no real idea of what those words meant or where they came from, but felt their truth instinctively. They do not refer to depression, they are about your soul being lost in the dark; everything you've ever known is obscured by the dark. With my husband's passing, everything we'd worked for together was to be lost completely and forever, without ever coming to fruition. If I had never been sure I'd had a soul, I knew I had one then, because it was like my mainspring stopped functioning.		First, I read Gerald G. May's book,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Dark-Night-of-the-Soul-A-Psychiatrist-Explores-the-Connection-Between-Darkness-and-Spiritual-Growth/dp/0060750553/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Dark Night of the Soul: A Psychiatrist Explores the Connection Between Darkness and Spiritual Growth</a>. I had never heard of Teresa of Avila or John of the Cross, so this was all new to me. But I had lost everything, every belief, every dream and the greatest love of my life. These two mystics helped me understand the darkness that enlightens, the wounds of love that open our souls to God.		This biography of Teresa,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Teresa-of-Avila-The-Progress-of-a-Soul/dp/0385501293/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Teresa of Avila: The Progress of a Soul</a>&nbsp;is the first book I have read on this saint. I found it to be a perfect introduction to Teresa for me. It is a lively book, engagingly written. I could not put it down. The author gives us an understanding of the historical context of Teresa's life and choices, without ever being condescending or polemical.		And the role of EROS in Teresa's life is neither exploited nor ignored. These were live men and women working out their faith together in the confines of a monastic life. Eros, love, is the ancient God of all creation. I do not think that Christ was advocating or preaching that the world was created parthenogenetically. And if Teresa's 'raptures' were erotic passions, I believe, like the Church, that they were the pure love of God.		Teresa is so wise and at the same time, so practical about her experiences, that her words have all the homey veracity of women chatting at a quilting bee. And, in the face of obstacles which are truly insurmountable, her life and accomplishments are so astonishing that they, by themselves, are proof that she had divine guidance and help.		The author doesn't sneer at or make fun of Teresa's mystical experiences. She states them and leaves the reader to make up their own mind, as their own experiences and ideas dictate. I, for one, firmly believe that God spoke to Teresa, often and clearly. And I believe that Teresa was fully human. And when I read what Teresa and John struggled against in the Catholic Church in their lives in the Spain of that era, I'm sure that both MUST have had God's help or they would not have survived, much less done all that they did. Neither of them, as you get to know them in the book, are fanatics or even mildly nutty.		History is one part of the book that may be uncomfortable for Catholics, and indeed, for all Christians. Apparently, murder and torture were common practices of the Catholic religious leaders in this era in Spain. Teresa is constantly imploring her friends to eat boiled eggs in the shell for fear of their being poisoned by priestly enemies. John of the Cross is imprisoned and flogged by fellow priests. And then, of course, there was the Spanish Inquisition.		Not being Catholic, it did get a bit confusing to me that Teresa was obedient to a Church that condoned such practices. There is mention that she attributes certain actions to the devil misleading people. It's shocking to me that such things were accepted, but the past is often shocking to my modern sensibility, so I am reserving judgement.		I loved this book. It is a great biography because Teresa comes alive as a real person. I felt I knew her very well and that she was well worth knowing and knowing better. This is a fascinating book about a fascinating woman, a woman who changed the history of her country and her faith, a woman who became a saint. Does it get better than that?
0,I received this book as a wedding shower gift 10 years ago.  Today I can say it is one of my favorite wedding gifts.  I can't tell you how many times I have used it!  I always say I'll look up a recipe on the internet.  It never fails, I always end up pulling this book out.  This trusty cookbook never fails me!		The only regret I have is that I didn't get a hard copy!  This paperback is so thick (7" x 4" x 2) it's hard to keep pages open which has resulted in the binding breaking.  I use clothes pins to hold my page while cooking.  I would buy this for anyone, especially young people, though I would probably consider a hardcover!
0,If you only like books when you agree with the author's point of view, and you're conservative (especially religiously conservative) don't read this trilogy; you will hate it.		I am infatuated with (adore/love) this trilogy. I loved it immediately, as soon as I figured out what a daemon was, and the more I read, the more I loved. The story is utterly complex and very intelligent. The themes tend to be dark, or at best realistic. The characters are well-developed, there's plenty of action, and everything is vividly described, especially Lyra's world. (Granted descriptions may not be complete, but I'd say they're complete enough that you can fill in the missing details with no problems, although they might not correspond with someone else's ideas.)		Being an adult (with no children), I can't say what it's like to read it as a child, nor how appropriate it is for a child. The basic theme of the series is to illustrate the growing up process, so I don't think the series can be fully appreciated until you are an adult.
0,Great start to a new mc series I found. Added book 2 to my wish list.
0,As with anything by Twain, this is a great book. His descriptions of growing up on the Mississippi make you want to go back in time and experience it for yourself.
0,I've been reading The Best American Essays for twenty-five years. There always at least three or more gems making each collection worth the acquisition. The 2014 edition is no exception. Editor John Jeremiah Sullivan has kept the book short, just a tad over 200 pages, and the essays tend to be on the shortish side, usually ten or fewer pages, with some exceptions. The subject matter is more raw, uncensored, and disturbing than a lot of previous editions. Two essays deal with repeated child abuse and the complicated, often excruciating manner the authors, Barry Lopez ("Sliver of Sky") and Chris Offutt ("Someone Else") attempt to navigate out of the deathly regions of their abused psyches.		Other gems include		Timothy Beads' "A Matter of Life and Death," a meditation on marriage and mortality;		Wendy Brenner's "Strange Beads," which juxtaposes death, cancer and the escape into consumerism;		Emily Fox Gordon's "At Sixty-Five," a mordant, witty, wise self-examination of "old age";		Mary Gordon's "On Enmity," which shows the thorny, knotty, paradoxes informing the idea of having enemies;		Yiyun Li's "Dear Friend, From My Life I Write To Your Life," which chronicles the depression of a Chinese immigrant who falls in love with America and its glamour and promise of reinvention on one hand but finds her new country's unrealistic expectations a poison on the other;		James Wood's "Becoming Them," about James Wood, in spite of himself, becoming like his parents. He makes his personal story universal by showing how most of us go down the same trajectory.		There are more than enough literary gems for me to give this year's anthology the highest recommendation.
0,I found this book to be very challenging. By that I mean that it challenged many of the assumptions that I have lived with most of my life. I think that is a good thing to do.	Harari also has a great sense of humor. It would be great fun to be a student in one of his classes.
0,Levy and Miller did a fantastic job of explaining legal topics in a clear and accurate manner that is accessible to non-lawyers.  The premise of the "The Dirty Dozen" is that the Constitution establishes a presumption of liberty for the individual in its interpretation - a premise that is explained in a manner that is also accessible to non-lawyers.  The "Dirty Dozen" are cases, primarily from the 20th Century, that most violate those principles.  The authors provide some interesting background for each case, placing it in historical and legal context.		Levy and Mellor do a good job of exposing "judicial activism" as the nonce phrase it is.  In modern parlance, calling a judge a "judicial activist" just means that judge wrote an opinion that the speaker disagrees with.  The authors attempt to recast "judicial activism" as the exercise of judicial power in a manner divorced from the Constitution altogether.  However, given the baggage that the phrase carries, it might be better to abandon it altogether.		To the extent I have any disagreements with the book, it is the idea that policy questions are the province of the legislature and not the judiciary.  All laws are implementations of policy, so any question of law necessarily carries policy implications.  Calling something a "policy question" is as devoid of actual content as calling someone a "judicial activist."		Nevertheless, this is a great book, and is highly recommended to anyone interested in liberty and/or constitutional issues.  It's at least worth checking out from the library.
0,This was a great book.  Only the second Iles book I've read but I will be reading more.  He really knows how to write a mystery with a suspenseful element the keeps you reading well past your bed time.  I definitely recommend this one!
0,This book deals affirmatively with a difficult subject for almost all women--how much they weigh! The message is important and well delivered, in photos of real women--and in words!!!
0,This book was very simple and easy to read but at the same time very complete with a wealth of information.  The screenshots and illustrations made it that much real.  It had wonderful references for book and a lot of helpful websites.  It really was excellent because this book cut out all the theories and things you do not have time to read.  It went right to the core and where you need to go in order to get the job done.
0,I was given a copy in exchange for an honest review.		I just love Nicole's work, each and every one of her books are unique and amazing in their own way.  In this book we meet the men that own and operate Pier 70 Marina, they would be Cam, Roan, Dare and Teague.  Book one is Cam's story.  I loved this one, it was an emotional read at times and I loved the banter between Cam and Gannon. I loved it when they met, you could see the instant attraction between them.  I also loved the fact that neither one had felt such a strong connection before.  These two are opposites in almost every way, but they were such the perfect couple together.  When push comes to shove will these two be able to face their fears and make it work?  I am excited for the next one, with it being Dare's story I can't wait.		Review done by Cat for Cat's Guilty Pleasure
0,VERY EDUCATIONAL - THANK YOU VERY MUCH
0,5 stars. Reviewed by Gemma on behalf of Your Next Hot Read		Awww I just don't know where to begin with my review for this Second Chance romance that is just adorable and sweet and any other adjective I can think of for lovely. I feel like Ive had a huge warm hug after reading this book.		Carter and Lynn were so in love when they were younger but when they both joined the military and Lynn was stationed in Germany, the separation was too much and they ended things.		Years later and Lynn returns to her home town in Kentucky for good, but shes not told a sole. She is so happy to be home but also scared as the reason she left the Army is a secret she has yet to tell anyone. And then there is the inevitable chance she will bump into Carter. Awkward!!		Carter cannot believe his eyes when he spots Lynn in the grocery store looking as stunning as ever with her auburn hair and slim build, although too slim for her. (Just what has happened to her?) He doesnt have the courage to speak to her then but when he does so begins the sweet romance that they should have continued with.		But throw in Carters estranged wife, his 2 young boys, Lynns secret and a mining accident, will they be able to make it this time?		This is the first book in the Small Town Hearts series and is a wonderful start to it. I loved the pace of the writing and how although not every day is explained and chapters may jump a few weeks you do not feel you have missed one thing of Carter and Lynns blossoming relationship. His 2 boys are just adorable and cute and you just want to ruffle their hair as the characters do in the book. Lynns 2 best friends are hilarious and you just want them as your own. And Carters relationship with his sons?? Swoonworthy let me tell you! I loved the storytelling of this book and how it seamlessly flows from each characters POV without it having to be advertised in the chapters. I cannot wait to read the second book in this series and urge you all to read this one and find a new author in H.C Bentley.
0,My 8 year old son likes me to read to him every night.
0,Being Cajun girl, I can heartily endorse this book to everyone who loves the mystical  character of Louisiana as much as I do.
0,Very interesting - an insiders view whenever see
0,Everyday I wish Hillary was in the WH. Everyday that obnoxious bully tweets something so stupid that our enemies must laugh at us for electing this toddler. It's painful to watch.
0,It was a great book. I had trouble putting it down. I am sad that the series is over. I would like one more to see what happens will jasmine, but it is still a good ending. I recommend it to everyone.
0,One of my favorites. Baby likes this book.
0,Plenty of action to the very end.  Great storyline, excellent writing.  Held my attention and interest to very end.  Loved how the ending tied back to the very beginning.
0,This is a beautiful book with colorful and stunning chain mail patterns.  All the patterns include written instructions as well as photos showing each step in the pattern.  The patterns range from easy to advanced.  As a beginner working in chain mail jewelry, I feel confident that I can complete the easy projects and move on to the more advanced projects as I progress through the book.  The designer has a Website selling complete kits of all the supplies needed for each project which makes so convenient for someone like me who does not have the time to search around for supplies.
0,This was a good story that kept me reading.  What kept it from a 5 star review, for me, were a couple of things: one was that I didn't completely believe a group of 20 yr old males hanging out and bearing their souls to each other.  I've just never run into any young males that are able to communicate that way.  Another was the ending; some things aren't explained.  I suppose it's up to the reader to conjecture' but it just felt a little "up in the air" for me.
0,Great book.
0,This book is on the ALA's list of 100 most frequently banned books of 1990 through 2000.		This is a memoir of gang life & of growing up poor and Chicano in East LA in the '60's & 70's. It's also about learning who you are and finding ways out - through writing, through painting, & through social activism.		Rodriguez is primarily a poet and writer of short stories & it shows in this collection of snap shots of moments from his past. For those wanting a standard tale with a classical throughline and neat conclusions, this book will disappoint.		I enjoyed the author's imagery and the ways he plays with the genre of memoir. What is memory? What do we remember? How do we remember it? For me so much of my memory is just what he provides - little snapshots of moments in time.		From a political/social perspective, this book does a good job of elucidating the reasons kids join gangs and the possible paths out. He talks about gangs as a kind of mass suicide & that's an idea that stuck with me - all these kids looking for family & hating themselves.		In one of those funny moments where influences collide that can happen while reading, I kept thinking of another gang memoir that I read when I was younger. I remembered that it was written by a Puerto Rican guy that grew up in Spanish Harlem & was also about all of the ways that books saved him, but I couldn't remember the name of the book. It was right there on the tip of my tongue. I could remember that the author was named Piri, but that was all. Then I turned a page & there it was - Down These Mean Streets by Piri Thomas - turns out Luis Rodriguez read that one, too.		This book is also full of shades of Sandra Cisneros - a Chicana writer & poet whose work I've read off & on since her first book - The House on Mango Street. Like Cisneros, Rodriguez' work is full of rhythm & bright color.		I liked this book a great deal, although I don't think it offers any long-term solutions to these problems. Like The Corner, David Simon's killer tome on life on a Baltimore drug corner, this book illustrates the condition. Perhaps education really is the only way out, but to get there we're going to have to spend some money & stop using our educational system to ghettoize people based on class, race, income level, & the phase of the moon on Fridays when the cat's too tired to sing.		The world is a complex & beautiful place & in the end maybe only words can save us.
0,This is a nice love story. We read it quickly and feel inside the story. I liked the cover, Falling Star
0,What a beautiful story! A Light on the Hill is book one in the two book Cities of Refuge series, and one of Connilyn Cossettes best. She is a gifted storyteller and brings a new light to ancient Bible times. I love when a story teaches, inspires, and changes me. This story not only entertains, but showcases Gods gracein ancient times and now.		It was easy to sympathize and empathize with Moriyah. She, like us all, has made mistakes and wonders if its possible to overcome or move past them. My heart pounded as I read about Moriyahs quest to reach one of the cities of refuge. I felt her pain and urged her to have faith that Gods mercy awaited her. We all have it in us to be a light for God.		Oh my. I love a story that leaves me changed. There isn't a book by this author that I didn't love. A Light on the Hill is a beacon of hope, showing us that though we fail and stumble, there is a path we can follow to find forgiveness and mercyif we look toward the Light of the world.		Ms. Cossettes writing is superb, easy to read, and keeps me turning pages. There wasn't a dull moment, no dragging dialogue. If youve never read Biblical fiction, this is a great place to start. I cant wait to read book two of this stunning 2-book series.
0,This was a straight through read. Burned through it in less than a day. Not totally unpredictable, but still rich with detailed illustration. Almost had a "Fargo" flavor to it. Good job.
0,This is the only book needed to understand the Law of Attraction. Clear, concise, and full of useful info. Laid out over 24 weeks of study, this system gets to the heart of the matter.
0,This book kept up a frenetic, unbelievable pace from the first page to the last, which should appeal to today's young readers - especially the boys. It deals primarily with two young brothers, who are on their own for most of the book, fighting against incredible odds. What young boy can't identify with that?		The series appears to be the kind that resolves almost nothing in any one book, so buy the whole series for the juvenile reader of your choice! It may ease them into the idea of enjoying the printed page; it may prepare them for greater things :-)
0,Best of the 21 Yet	Really enjoyed it!
0,Great book, great price. Arrived quickly
0,Can't put it down - some people may have difficulty keeping the multiplicity of characters and their backgrounds in mind as the events  of the twentieth century unravel and wrap the reader with insight, sympathy, passion and an understanding of how human-kind has dealt with fear and conquered doubt about the future. A collection of very human stories from which you will come away with a new family and new friends.
0,Loved it! This series was great....niw we need to make fake days of the week to keep it going...lol!
0,An excellent read from the conservative evangelical perspective.  The author comments penetrtingly into how too often conservatives fail to offer a place for the GLBT community to come to faith, or to grow and mature.  This book offers insight to how relationships can be promoted and nurtured regardless of one's perspective.
0,I have not read many Sci. Fi books. I finished the author's other book "Chasing Harpo" and I was so thoroughly entertained by it so much so I had a hard time putting it down. So for this one I was a little skeptical that I could follow along but boy was I wrong. The author has a exceptional way of bringing all the characters to life with a believability so you are able to relate to them. When a author can put you into the story line like that you know it is gonna be a great ride with all the twists and turns and ups and downs. It is clever, funny and engages you. I definitely look forward to this authors next book whatever it is!!!!!
0,I got a lot out of this book. The parts on procrastination were helpful, as well as knowing how to eliminate too much use of the computer and how to make it work for me, not me for it.
0,The Fox and O'Hare series keeps you on the edge with dangerous situations.  But there is always room for humor and a touch of romance. Can't wait for the next adventure. A winning series!!!!
0,Sweet story one that finally shows a nerdy guy getting the girl! Also fun seeing inside the animation world. sorry the story ended
0,terrymcmillan		Savannah, Robin, Bernadine and Gloria are all of the women from Terry McMillan's Waiting To Exhale. Getting To Happy is an exciting sequel. The setting is Arizona. Each woman is on a quest or journey to rediscover themselves after heartache, confusion or making peace with the past. Savannah is heartbroken to find out her husband has become a Porn King in their home. No wonder his interest in her had waned. Bernadine finds out men can and do lie big time. What does it feel like to learn your husband has been living two lives? Then, Robin and Gloria have their ocean of problems too. Gloria's unexpected life torture made me want to cry for days. Thank goodness she had Tarik, her son, and her friends/aunties and her grandchildren. Each woman's problem or problems are realistic. I also wanted to know how "to push the fast-forward button until I get back to happy."		There is Ms. Terry McMillan's  humor throughout the novel. Her humor relaxed me. I realized life is tough, but life is also very funny. For example, there are the twins. The twins belong to Thora, Thora is Savannah's boss. These little "boys" are four years old and have pacifiers sticking in their mouths. When they pull the pacifiers from their mouths, they talk like grownups.  Like any of life's moments a lot of the humor comes unexpectedly from the mouths of children. Gloria's grandchildren are adorable. Of course, the ladies are funny too. Many times I just laid the novel down and squealed with laughter. When the four women are trying to decide where to go on a trip, Robin pipes up with "I'm not going near any wild animals. Jeeps or no jeeps." Oh boy, I'm laughing again.		I also loved reading about Savannah's trip to Paris, France. Savannah needed to get away in the worse way. Thora offers her, I thought,  a chateau in Paris. The place is anything but a chateau. It's more like, well, Savannah had to move out immediately. Here is the wonderful part of her travels in Paris.		"I am in Paris, I thought. I wanted to give myself a few minutes to appreciate how I got here. I sat on the grass. Watched the tugboats. The floating restaurants....I was awestruck looking up at the Eiffel Tower...Directly across this river was the Left Bank. It felt surreal, looking at so much history."		Returning to the more serious events in the novel, there is Hurricane Katrina. She hits after Savannah returns from Paris, France. Ms. Terry McMillan writes about the catastrophe very descriptively. I could see the people in that Super Dome all over again. I could hear the babies crying. I could see the elderly in wheel chairs. I could feel their every need crawling up and down my skin all over again. The ladies have hearts of gold.		"I spent the next hour wading through all the websites that had been set up for sending money for Katrina victims...I added a couple of thousand to it and sent a third toward hospitalization and medical help, another third for books and school supplies and the rest for food and clothing."		Getting To Happy is packed with every emotion we can experience in life. How many times did I inhale and exhale? I can't count.		"...When we inhale, we're breathing in hope and vitality, and when we exhale, we're breathing out hurt and anger. You can breathe in faith and confidence and breathe out doubt and despair..."		[...]
0,Another great Morganville Vampire story. These just keep getting better and better. Each leaves you wanting to read the next one immediately.
0,Great for 2nd grade skills'
0,A good4 fast moving story with a lot of twists and turns.  Keeps you interest and wanting to read the next page.
0,Love the short story. Very pleasant to read.
0,This is a very enjoyable, balanced and riveting book, well-written and works on many levels. Jones takes us deep into the past, an unfamiliar world of legend unfolding with just enough detail to make it feel solid and compelling, while also staying close to the actions and characters that keep the central story moving along across the centuries.		It's a fast read, very consistently paced, scenes and locations are sketched and sculpted into plausible detail but again there is a consistent focus on the action and story line, somewhat of a cinematic feel but solidly literary, the prose is nicely crafted, not spare but nor is it too lofty.		The gradual revelation of the villain's backstory, character and compulsions will keep your pulse pounding, the story is chronologically interwoven and just complex enough, but consistently built on a solid foundation of events that seem plausible and satisfying.
0,As an experienced system administrator (AIX, DG-UX, Linux, HP-UX - HP Certified) I have found this book to be very useful. It is not a beginners how to book, but lists a lot of very useful information for day to day work as well as for exam preparation.		True, the included CD is aimed at Windows PCs, but it's very easy to access the PDF files on a Linux system as well without using the Windows programs.		I would recommend this book to anyone studying for RHCE.		Having taken the exam and passed in December 2004, this release of the book is a little dated since the format of the exam changed, but the content of the book is still very relevant.		The exam no longer includes multiple choice questions, but is now entirely performance based. There is an updated version of the book which I did not buy, having already had this one for some time. It is not aimed at people who want to be taught everything, but at people with initiative and willing to go out and practice and learn by themselves. The content is still good and is well worth the price to prepare for the exam, or to work through before going on an RH300 (bootcamp) or other RedHat class.
0,Another of the Vor books, there is not a bad one in the bunch.  Do plan on reading them in order if possible.
0,New condition.
0,I bought this book because of the great review by iiiireader.		When the book came I immediately asked my artist wife for her colored pencils, which she gave me.  These pencils work well with the paper on which each Mandala is printed.		I carefully removed the first Mandela from the book and placed it on the dining room table where I have plenty of light and room.  I selected my first yellow pencil and started on the inside of the drawing and then slowly worked my way out to the edge, examining my work each step of the way.		Let me say right now that I am not an artist, but I do love color and I can stay between the lines of this Mandala drawing.  The spaces for each segment of the drawing are fairly large and easy to color with a pencil.  If you take a look at iiiireader's review, you will see the finished product of several of the Mandalas he completed.  I think they are beautiful.		The great thing about these drawings is that we can choose the colors that please us most and then bit by bit examine our results.  I find myself experimenting with a white sheet of paper to first look at the color I am thinking about using and then trying out a few more colors before I decide which one to apply to the Mandala.  I can tell the readers of this review that I am completely focused and genuinely interested in this activity. I won't frame the results, but just take a bit of scotch tape and put them one at at time on one of the walls of my office.		I read, write, and listen to music, but this is the first time I have experimented with coloring a book and I like it and recommend it to anyone who wants to relax for a half hour or so and have some fun with color!
0,I received an ARC of this book in exchange for an honest review.		WARNING: Sexual content, Mature Readers (17+)		***SPOILER ALERT***	Protector by Christine Pope is a paranormal thriller complete with action and romance--loved it!		If you haven't read the other books in the "Witches of Cleopatra Hill" series, stop and pick them up. Although Protector reads like a standalone, it helps if you know the back story.		I loved how Pope intertwined Angela, Connor and Adam in this installment. It's been a couple of years since Angela and Connor's marriage. Their powers as prima and primus have increased. Without them, this tale would have a very different outcome.		I have to admit Protector had a creepy plot--young girls kidnapped and used for some demonic ritual. To make matters worse, the main character kept having visions of what happened to these girls with their captors. It made for an intriguing story that was hard to put down.		If you've read the other books, you'll remember Alex Trujillo. Well, he's back and handsome as ever. He wasn't destined to be Angela's consort, but he does have a bond with the main character of this tale.		Pope doesn't disappoint with Protector. There is yet another installment in this series due out in the fall. Will it come out in time for Samhain?
0,Very interesting book about 11th century medicine. I am looking forward to reading the next 2 books in this trilogy.
0,Debbie does a great job, as always, of developing her characters and making you love them. Their stories are interesting and fun to follow!
0,I read this book before putting it in our school library, because of content concerns. I was impressed. Though the subject matter is all too real, it was handled with just the right amount of diplomacy. No violence is glorified, but it is touched upon and left to the readers imagination from there. How do you include water boarding and other torture in a book for kids? I was concerned, but it was well-handled and my grandsons couldn't wait for the next in the series.
0,I've forgotten how genuinely enjoyable these books were. I mean, I recalled I liked them, but I'd forgotten how much!		Princess Mia returns and promptly screws everything up. She flubs an interview, inadvertently reveals her mother is pregnant by Mia's Algebra teacher, and missteps repeatedly on her way to the one romance she truly desires.		You can definitely see the "Bridget Jones" influence here, but, thankfully, the neuroses are a bit less damaging. Mia is satisfied with her weight (though her hair could use some fixing) and doesn't really have any bad habits (except chewing her nails), so her worries are almost completely focused on the high school experience. And, really, who DOESN'T worry about that? And, as far as her family goes, she has some tension there, but the ending is uplifting and absolutely perfect.		The books do mature by small degrees each release, so they're nice for growing with kids.
0,The story line is creative but sometimes I could not stand The reason why Tris's behavior so unreasonable. However, this book attracted me very much and want eagerly to know the result.
0,I love reading books, I always have. I get totally immersed in the story and the characters every time. This book is one of the best I've ever experienced. It had me laughing out loud so many times I couldn't believe it. A fantastic love story, Great characters, a plot line deep enough to keep your interest but not distract you from the relationship developing between Nic and Gabi.  And I can never forget Nic's Greek family!!!!		I'm on my way to read more Kelly Elliot.
0,Couldn't put this book down!	 Is there a continuation of the Anna and Jack story? I love the suspense and the plots that never fail to surprise!
0,Another great book by John Meddford. Two of my favorite characters in one exciting b thriller. Riveting from beginning to end. Loved it...loved it...loved it.
0,I loved this book. It started out slow and a little weird, but picked up as I got into it. It captured my attention and I didn't want to stop reading. I didn't really like the way it ended, but I will definitely look for the sequel and other books by this author. I want to find out more about Mr. Crane, his friends, and family. Loved that there was no profanity or sex scenes. I received a complimentary copy of this book in order to review it.
0,Great Resource material
0,Good stuff
0,MESSAGES by John Michael Hileman starts out with David Chances uncanny seeing and, sometimes, understanding words that pop out to him, forming short messages and directions. David knows he has to follow this guidance, even though he thinks he might be going crazy. He doesnt understand where the messages are coming from or how they come, but he knows he must act. Almost always, when David acts on the message, he saves himself or others from harm. But, sometimes, he doesnt get a message when hes the most desperate.		The plot of MESSAGES includes many exciting twists. It includes terrorists, their plans to kill the president and others, and the terrorists connection to David. Throughout the book, David learns to trust the messages, his neighbor James, and ultimately, the Lord Himself.		The Christian theme is strong and well presented. I liked the emphasis on the Word of God, especially along with the theme of messages.		This book is fast-paced but not confusing. I really enjoyed it! Of course, the whole concept is fiction, but its refreshingly different without being weird. I look forward to reading more of Mr. Hilemans books.
0,very good book. I loved the characters and the way everything unfolded. I want to get the rest of the series now!
0,Who is selling pizzas after closing hours.  Who killed one of the employees.  Will the kill be found before another person dies.  Love this Ser.
0,I have been reading Jo Nesbo's Harry Hole books and decided to give this book a chance. I wasn't to sure about it at first, but as the story unfolded I actually enjoyed how the story flowed and ended. If you like this author give this book a chance.
0,See full review at The Indigo Quill . blogspot . com		  How deliciously creepy is the cover of this book?? Oh my goodness, I kept passing it at the book store and finally decided to buy it! It also helped that it had a "Newbery Honor" sticker on the front, too. And the part where it says "New York Times best-selling author and co-creator of The Spiderwick Chronicles."Basically, the entire cover worked in Holly Black's favor. Well played, Miss Black, and kudos to your talented illustrator, Eliza Wheeler.		Doll Bones is an adorably sinister book with just the perfect mixture of creepy and innocence to keep a reader hanging on for the ride. It isn't necessarily a children's horror book, but more so a story of friends who are making the transition from adolescence to young adulthood.		I don't want to give the wrong idea by saying "horror" because this book isn't scary, but rather creepy [at times]. I was actually hoping for a little more creepiness, but for the young mind who likes mystery and perhaps has a weak tolerance for things that may give them nightmares, this is a good selection. The doll in this book is sinister and ghostly, but the "scary" factor is fairly minimal. Just don't let your kid read it in the dark.		The main character, Zach, was more developed than the two girls as the book is written from his point of view. And although people said it was difficult to tell Poppy and Alice apart, I digress. Poppy was more of a tomboy with an unfettered creative spirit, while Alice was much more genteel, feminine, and way less adventurous (I often questioned if she was at all). For the most part, the characters were believable with their dispositions and angst and their interactions reminded me of all the make-believe I used to play with my friends during my childhood.		The only other thing I would complain about is that there were a couple spelling errors I had caught. Minimal, but they were still there. This seems to be more common these days, and with all the technology and editors we have out there, it really shouldn't be.		I enjoyed this book, not necessarily for richness of content, but for the sentimentality of watching the characters grow. The Queen played her part well, too, but I definitely don't want her visiting my dreams!
0,this book is a great change for me. It wasn't no street lit about drugs dealers or kingpin, or gold diggers. Fancy i would have to say, it  is a book that needed to be read by all, especially young women. Don't get me wrong, the book was not a page turner or even grips you from the first page, but i can honestly say that Fancy represents us all at one time or another. If you can read this book and say that this was not you at any point of your life, then you really didn't live.
0,I chose t his rating because I thoroughly enjoyed this book. I loved the ending. It makes me wish the series wasn't over.
0,I have iggies, so this book was all sort of "oh, yeah, I know how that works!"  Beautifully photographed, this book gives us a glimpse of the large and the small of unique greyhound-ness.  If you own or love them, you know what I mean by that.  If you don't . . . it's a greyhound thing.  :-)
0,Thanks for making this book Dale.  Aloha.		He knows his aloha shirts.  He also got shirts printed on stamps too.  I got those too.
0,My grand girl and I love  the Thomas Pavitte 1000 dot to dot book. We have the animal book, the face icons and now the cities book.  Got mechanical pencils with .09 lead and it doesn't leave smudges all over the paper. Had such a hard time reading the numbers and it was so hard  I bought a Carson Deskbrite 200 LED illuminated 2x magnifer and desk lamp for 23.96. I can find the numbers easily!!!I bought the tombow mono zero erasers with 4 refills for i make a few mistakes. It was a breeze tonight doing the dot to dot since I was able to see the numbers!!!  So get a magnifying lamp with a flexible neck for it will make ur life sonessy
0,Another fine story from Lincoln Child. Nice twists and turns in the further adventures of Jeremy Logan. Interesting characters. I recommend it to anyone looking for an exciting read.
0,enjoying it
0,Absolutely loved this book. Missed reading about Astrid but Dixie was definitely worth the read!!! Can't wait to start the next book!!
0,Enjoyed this read very much.  It really gave me a lot to contemplate, and was and is very helpful for my faith journey.
0,Iron Mike	By Patricia Rose		I was given a book in exchange for an honest review free of persuasion from the author or anyone else affiliated with this book.	5	Warning adult content		Ok you probably don't know me, but I do not rate every book a 5.  In fact , since I have started reviewing books for this blog, I have not rated any book a 5.  This book is a 5.		Mike and his sister Jenny amazingly, randomly survive an alien attack.  Mike takes supplies and his nine year old sister out to try to find a refuge.  Along the way, he picks up Kari and some children.  None of whom he knows, but it is not in him to leave them stranded and helpless.  Then the journey begins and to quote Dr. Seuss "oh the places you will go."		There is no way to tell anymore without spoiling it.  I will tell you that I do not remember a book that made me laugh or cry as much as this one did.  Although I only told you about the beginning of Mike's journey, there are many other journeys that are explored.  Hershey's might be the most fascinating, but I will let you decide for yourself.  I don't normally give orders, but read this book now.  What are you waiting for?
0,I could not put it down! The moment you meet Charlie Tuesday, you have no Choice but to hang on and enjoy the ride.
0,Pride & Prejudice. Art. Seattle. All the things that appeal to me. This modern reimagining of P&P was smart and engaging. Some of the names are changed and some of the details are tweaked to better fit the culture of our time but did not hinder enjoyment. I thought this Fitzwilliam Darcy (Will) easier to fall for from almost the beginning and lacked the arrogance of Austen's icon. This Elizabeth was likable as much is told via her first person perspective; the reader is privy to all her thoughts, dreams, expectations, anxieties, and snark. Good coming of age story.
0,I enjoyed this series. It clever and relaxing and I even learned a thing or two about needlepoint.  I am looking forward to the next book in the series.  So get comfy and get your drink and be entertained.
0,I loved this book.  The way that all the characters intertwined made it much less about Afghanistan and much more about humanity. Like The Kite Runner, it was beautifully written and very fast-paced.
0,Binged the hell out of this book. Had me at the edge of my seat....now I have to wait?? Eric, you are killing me! Got to wait for book three now....it will be worth the wait!
0,I loved this book. I had a difficult time putting it aside, and made time to read it. It's the story of how true love can transcend all obstacles. I will definitely look for more books by this author.
0,Our hero isn't a lord or a very wealthy man. He's an honorable man, a talented man and a man who seeks justice. Nicholas Brentwood is a police detective in London back in the days when they were call Bow Street Runners. Greipe does a good job telling a story of a spoiled rotten rich young lady  in the early 1800s whose father is quite the dirty dog. Probably the most honorable thing this man did was hire Nicholas to be the guardian of his daughter, Emily Payne. Poor Nicholas for Emily's name is says it all she really is a pain. Fortunately Emily grows up and realizes good men aren't what society standards says or thinks. Good men are revealed by their actions and words. Sadly Emily come to this conclusion when she is entangled in her father's deceits and her life and virtues are a grave risk.	Some parts of this story are a little hard to take. Attempted rape one night, potential but thwarted kid napping that same night then kid napped a few days later. This poor girl sure gets quite a few dirty rats who want to due her in in a very short time. Yep- Nicholas to the rescue......
0,I liked it
0,I had really enjoyed Sawbones and so I was excited to finally get to read Blood Oath. Melissa Lenhardt really knocks it out of the park with book #2. The danger, suspense and raw emotion Laura and Kindle face thought out the book make for heart stomping, nail biting story but a truly enjoyable and GREAT read. I highly recommend Blood Oath and can't wait for Badlands!!
0,Great story as always. Ward always has several updates on previous stories and side stories along with the new original story. I AM NEVER DISAPPOINTED.
0,too basic, good seller
0,Although this was a fiction book, I was so wrapped up in it, and the recent storms in Nebraska that were happening at the same time made me feel like I was reading a docudrama.  VERY well written and I loved it.
0,Wow is all I can say...this book is without a doubt one of the best I've read...I have never laughed and cried this much reading a book. I felt like this is real, like I want to meet these characters. Thank you for sharing this story!!
0,I agree with the previous review, gripping and suspenseful. Toss in a little controversy and you have it. Finished it in 2 days. I would give it 5 stars if the characters were developed just a bit more. All in all a fun read.
0,Very good story.  For those interested in what the holocaust was like without all the holywood-ness added in then this is a fairly good graphic novel to take a look at.  Art is rough but its an epic tale and makes up for it in keeping with the setting.
0,Interesting reading a story from both sides, this being the pursuers side as they were trying to capture or terminate Sam Fisher.  I enjoyed both Endgame books and I look forward to reading Aftermath now.		Tom
0,I took this book for my sister, because she wants to lose weight and to be fit. This book contains a good introduction to the good as well as contraindications of keto diet in our body. Recipes are easy to follow and easy to prepare. A great book for anyone who wants to lose weight in 30 days!
0,Nice artwork, the calendar has the right days in the right places. What more can you ask for? The price was reasonable and it arrived when promised.
0,Best book ever!!! Keeps you entertained and wanting to read more. Very addicting, you will not be putting the book down until you finish it. Overall very good book.
0,I really enjoyed this book and I read it in a couple of days. The world were Naiya lives is about to turn upside down and she and her step brothers have to fight to survive and at the same time figure out who Naiya really is and what really is going on in their city.	It is set in a future dystopian city with high technology and surveillance and guards. It is quite different to other books I've read but still fits well into the young adult fantasy genre.
0,Funny but so true, gave for 40th bday present, need my own copy.
0,Excellent read. Drew me in within the first chapter - always a good sign. Well hidden twists towards the end, with a conclusion that surprised me. Very good!
0,I believe this was a Kindle daily deal.  I love the offers that come along like this one that I want to use in homeschooling that I can affordably pick up.
0,I'm going to assume that the author is female, but she also has an insight as to how males think and perform. Ms. Charles has quite the imagination!
0,Fantastic Map and very vibrant 10/10
0,Good library reference!
0,These days, I judge a book by its ability to take me away from my knitting projects (another addiction).  I am now behind on my baby blanket project/gift because of this book!		I just read People of the Book recently for a book club.  Was worried it would be dry & "over my head" historically.  Totally un-so!  I enjoyed every minute of it, including learning much about European, Muslim, Jewish & Christian history.  So much I thought I knew already, but how little I did!  And all through an amazing yet important story based on many real historical characters.  At times the book was so terribly sad, yet I never felt like I couldn't go on.  The story kept me enthralled from page 1. I wanted to find out what happened to the major players in spite of how hard certain parts were to swallow about the world's past cruelties. Each time Ms. Brooks introduced another setting & group of characters, I thought, "oh no, I'll have to get into yet another set of people & events; might as well go back to my knitting..."  But each time she continued to surprise me by making the new chapter/scene so intriguing right from the start.  I couldn't put it down!  And have just ordered "March" so I can read another of her books.		Thank God we have had people, who took great risks throughout history for various causes, and people like Ms. Brooks, who have been able to tell their stories in such vibrant ways - ways that will hopefully remind us NOT to repeat history again & again.  Without these passionate people, we might not have such outstanding literature to read or from which to learn.
0,Loved it.
0,It is hard to find an original story now days, but this is and it is so well written that I couldn't put it down. I look forward to reading more books by this author.
0,This book is amazingly well written and translated. This is a beautiful love story!!!!
0,Before I read this book, I was ignorant about Wordpress (I didn't know there was a distinction between Wordpress.com and Wordpress.org). After reading this book, however, I now have a solid grasp of the immense value Wordpress brings for personal and business enthusiast.		The author enlightened me on the three-step process for setting up a website. Step 1: register a domain name; step 2: get a web host; step 3: install Wordpress plug-in. The author also provides practical tips to maximize your Wordpress site. He recommends using Bluehost to register your domain name and web hosting (not sure whether he gets a cut from referrals). He also has a separate website, a newsletter, and video tutorials to help you master Wordpress. Excellent job. I am no longer petrified by the programming/coding I thought I needed to build a site. This book shows that you can build dynamic sites using Wordpresseven if you are clueless about coding. Give it a try.
0,Enjoyed the whole storyline.
0,In this delightful young adult adventure we meet, Gregory and Yolanda, two middle-school students who are about to embark on a true adventure.  When Gregory finds some strange glasses in his old science teachers thrown away box something mysterious happens.		Gregory notices one day that when he put his red-tinted monocle on and looked around while at a ravine, he saw a tunnel entrance show up in a concrete wall.  He thought perhaps he was going crazy and set out to investigate a very dark tunnel, finding himself  at the end confronted by two very strange young men who were not happy to see him.  Quickly Gregory escapes and returns to the other side of the tunnel.		The next day Gregory notices that people are acting strange and cannot understand what is happening.  His mom is angry at him and everything in the world seems upside down.  Gregory returns to the ravine where his friend ,Yolanda sees him, she also notices something is very wrong with the world.  She told him how her favorite story, King Arthur, in her book had completely changed. Gregory shares what happened to him the day before and allows his friend to try some different glasses and she too sees the tunnel.  Together they decide to explore it and find themselves back in time, to the time of King Arthur just before he became King.		Now, they find themselves in the middle of a mystical adventure with Merlin the Magician and his helper.  King Arthur's sister has cast a spell and stolen the sword before Arthur can pull it out of the stone.  If it is not returned the world, as Gregory and Yolanda know it, will never return to normal. They have a job to do, but can Gregory overcome his fears and do the task set before him or will the world never be as it should be again.		I really enjoyed this story.  The  two main characters were very likeable and the author allowed their raw emotions to be brought forth which made it that much sweeter when they overcame obstacles within themselves.  There was humor, both good and evil characters, local was definitely fitting to the read and it had a  good plot and storyline that you kept you reading on. I  also feel it will let children see that they need to believe in themselves and the potential that is within them. After all, we never know what we can do until we try.		 This is a fun read, full of mystery, adventure and friendship that makes a difference. Recommended.
0,Tovah Martin really knows her stuff. On top of that she knows how to present all you need to know about each plant in a lighthearted, easy to read but not frivolous way. Her comments on the plants she suggests are full of her own experience with each one, not only hits and successes but also misses and disasters. I don't know any other houseplant book that gets so personal about the plants. As well as her discussion about each plant the author gives for many of them a concise page with the details of how to grow them, and their likes and dislikes. The photos are mostly of whole plants in home-like settings, giving a much better idea of how they might look in your own home than some other house plant books. Throughout the book you will learn about the author's many years of making friends with her houseplants, and she provides a section on how to care for yours.		I found that I was familiar with many of the plants the author suggests, but not all, and that many of the ones I had not considered in the past sound very appealing. This is definitely a book to read and enjoy, and probably to tempt you into trying some of her Unexpected Houseplants. I recommend this book to anyone who has even a few houseplants.
0,Great reading.
0,Great service.  I cannot wait to finish my Adult nurse Practitioner classes next year.  Book is very interesting and thought provoking
0,I love all of Terri Brisbin's books for her complex characters and complete mastery of the time periods.  Throw in a heroine who has secretly loved the hero from childhood and the ability to visit the MacLerie clan again and I'm hooked!
0,For me to use
0,Another great addition to the Made Marian series. I love the family and love seeing the expand. This series is one I'll read over and over again.
0,This series just keeps getting better and better.  Thank you Marie, I hope there are many more books in this series (actually all your series, I've loved every book you have written).
0,This third book in the Stephanie Plum series opens with Stephanie getting the unpleasant assignmentof "apprehending" the fugitive Uncle Mo. Initially, Stephanie thinks this should be an easy job, since Uncle Mo is one of the burg's most popular residents and has run a candy shop there for many years. The job rapidly turns ugly, though, because her friends and family can't believe that Stephanie would actually try to put such a "nice guy" in jail. But of course, there's more to Uncle Mo than meets the eye. It turns out that he's somehow involved in a suspicious string of murders of drug dealers in the burg. As Stephanie tries to track down Uncle Mo, she gets involved with the murders, even personally discovering a couple of dead bodies herself.	I love the hysterical characters and situations in this book! "Three to Get Deadly" develops the character of Lula, former hooker and now a co-worker of Stephanie's at Vinnie's bond agency. Lula can sure talk some trash, but when put in a sticky situation you can practically see her knees knocking together, as she hightails it off the scene. Read the book to find out what happens with the body that Lula and Stephanie find in the dumpster. I couldn't stop laughing!! Also, I loved the character of Mrs. Steeger, Stephanie's third grade teacher who is ( of course) Uncle Mo's neighbor. Didn't we all have a teacher just like her?	The twists and turns in unravelling Uncle Mo's connection to the drug dealer murders were well plotted. The case gets solved in the last 20 pages, and I thought Ms. Evanovich tied all the loose ends up very nicely.	Darn skippy, Janet Evanovich has written another humdinger! Four and a half stars.
0,This is one of my favorite books and one of the most insightful, unique, and enjoyable books that I've ever read. I have recommended it to many people, bought copies for several of them, and own two copies myself so  that I can lend out one. I recommend it VERY strongly to anyone who's  involved with designing Internet sites. Although it's not about that  subject directly, it has more wisdom about the design of sites than any Web  design book I've ever read or seen. Afterall, the Web is basically a 'page'  structure, with text and graphics, just like a comic. Also, you'll learn  more about art history from this book than you will from most art history  classes (I know, I went to art school...). And did I mention that it's  funny too!  -E
0,This is an important topic given our world's geo-political climate.
0,Not for the squeamish.  Book is quite graphic with some gory details.  However this goes with Reacher's background experiences.  He is a unique character, causing me to want to read more of his adventures.
0,Great book. When you start reading it you can't put it down. It is one of the best books I have read.
0,I had to wait 5 weeks for this book to get to me{out of print} & i'm glad Amazon could get it for me. I have just about every book this Author  has made & i love them all. As long as you have a little bit of icing  decorating experience you can use any of his books. The only reason i rated  it 4 stars instead of 5 is because not all the pictures are in color. It  does however show the finished product in color. As a matter of fact it will  show it in several different colors & on different cakes. What it will  show you how to do is bag striping,holly & dogwood  leaves,rosebuds,foliage,pinecone,orchid,daffodils,drop flowers,  poinsettia,candle,rose,chrysanthemums,pansies,violets, carnations,dahlias  and daises. Whew! Alot of stuff in a thin book.
0,I dearly loved this book! I now know exactly what it was like to live somewhere I'll never live, during a time ( in the past ) that I can't ever live in! I know, in beautiful ,descriptive detail exactly what it looked and felt like, there and then. And much of the time, my heart was full , in my chest, reading about how these people felt about each other. How I wish every book I read could be this good.
0,This explains points plus better
0,I wish these comics weren't so expensive because I want to buy all of them :( but it was still amazing
0,This a good read. I do wish if the stories are going to be so short and there's more then one book that the author or the publishers would just condense it into one book geesh! Otherwise, I had fun reading it... Okay Book Two
0,This was a great story. I admit I had to really pay attention as it moves back and forth through the generations of the family to cover the whole history. I do believe they tied it all together very well. Highly recommend reading it, maybe even twice.
0,In most series,  the last book leaves you unsatisfied or non believing.  This didn't.  Everyone doesn't live happily ever after,  but they live and people really are basically good.  Good stores,  good people and well closed story.
0,This book is a great book and a must read for those who are new in the faith to understand not only how to read the Bible but how to study the word. The book goes through the steps of observation, interpretation and application in very good detail. Not only does it give you these specifics but it also has excercises as though it was an introductory class at a Bible college.		The book was actually a "fun" read for a hermeneutical book, I have used it to give to every single person that has asked, "how do I get more from my Bible study?" or "how do I study the Bible?" As I disciple them this is the book that I always make them read, so they will have a good foundation for when we get into more in depth study
0,Wyatt has had a crush on Sutton since they were kids. But never did anything about it what with him living on the wrong side of the river and all. But when Sutton learns of her best friends affair with her fianc he is right there with her, supporting her.	To get back at her fianc, Sutton comes up with an idea of a fake relation with Wyatt. But soon the agreement didn't feel very fake, what with burgeoning friendship, flirtation and a healthy dose of attraction.	Leave the night on is a lovely, sweet story. They both had insecurities and watching them get over them was very endearing. I loved the bond between the Abbott brothers and hope to see Ford a part of it soon. Can't wait to see which of the Abbott brothers is next to fall in love.	I have voluntarily read and reviewed the arc from Netgalley.
0,Algernon Blackwood writes some very creepy stories. Born in 1869 to a ruling class family in Kent, England, Blackwood failed to live up to the expectations of his ultra religious parents. After attending the University of Edinburgh, the young man headed to Canada, then a part of the British Empire. In Canada Blackwood failed at several different endeavors, including an attempt at journalism, running a milk farm, and managing a bar. Algernon then went to New York City where he lived in penniless isolation. It was here that the future novelist encountered the seedy side of humanity, including dangerous criminals, con men, and other assorted unsavory types. Most people, when confronted with such a bleak atmosphere, would give up in frustration. Blackwood did not; he caught a break when a wealthy individual hired him as a private secretary. His eventual return to England led to the start of his writing career, a career as the premier author of supernatural fiction.		This compilation of Blackwood stories, compiled by E.F. Bleiler in the early 1970s, contains several of Blackwood's most lauded tales. The stories vary in length from fifty pages to less than ten pages. The title of Bleiler's collection, "Best Ghost Stories of Algernon Blackwood," is more than a little misleading. There are only three stories dealing with spirits from beyond the grave here, and only one of those, "The Listener," is truly creepy. The best stories in this book, without a doubt, are two of the lengthier contributions: "The Willows" and "The Wendigo," which must rank as the eeriest stories ever written. Blackwood has the amazing ability to introduce not only deep sensations of terror, but to sustain and build that terror throughout the story. Every fan of horror must read Algernon Blackwood at some point.		The first story, "The Willows," sets the tone for the book. Two men sailing down the Danube River become trapped on an island during a flood. Immediately, strangeness rears its ugly head. The men sense that all is not right in their surroundings. Huge winds buffet the island, followed by unexplainable internal sensations of deep fear. Supplies start to disappear and the willow trees in the area seem to move of their own accord. A mysterious hole in the canoe means the men will have to stay on the island longer than planned. Blackwood never explains exactly what plagues the two travelers, but he does hint at dark forces that are attempting to force themselves into our world. This yarn ranks high on the shudder meter.		The second story that makes this collection worth owning is "The Wendigo." There are no ghosts rattling chains in this tale. Blackwood instead introduces the reader to a group of men on a hunting trip in the remoteness of backwoods Canada. Two of the men head out to a region that local Indians claim is haunted by a Wendigo, a creature who lifts men right off the ground and feeds off of them. This story is fantastic, arguably one of the best horror stories ever written. If you have ever gone out into the woods at night, far from the safety of home, you will instantly recognize the dark terror suffered by Simpson as he looks for the vanished guide Defago. I get chills just thinking about this story.		A third story worth noting is "The Listener," a ghost yarn set in a rundown house in London. A struggling writer rents a room in this old residence, but slowly realizes something is amiss in his new digs. He gets intense headaches, becomes aware of strange footsteps in the house, and notices that someone (or something) is watching him while he sleeps. There are great scenes in this story, and the final line uttered by one of this man's friends is about as unsettling as things get in this genre. For those who enjoy a great ghost story, "The Listener" promises to deliver the goods. Blackwood tells the story through journal entries jotted down by the protagonist, allowing the reader of the story to get a sense of passing time and increasing weirdness.		These three stories are the best of the lot, but by no means the only effective chillers chosen for inclusion by Bleiler. For example, "Max Hensig" is about a murderer hunting down a journalist who had the gall to make disparaging comments about him in the city paper. There is nothing supernatural about "Max Hensig," but it is a great story well worth reading. Other stories deal with nature run amuck or the appearance of devils and demons. There is something for everybody in this great book.		Every story in the book starts the same way. One of the main characters quickly realizes that something is terribly wrong, usually through what we recognize as a "sixth sense" or a "gut feeling," an extrasensory perception that tells us we are in big trouble. Having his characters recognize the "wrongness" of a situation is exactly what Blackwood set out to do. His interest was not in Wendigos or ghosts as much as it was in how man perceives these unknowns. Blackwood often ends his stories with no firm resolutions, with nothing more than speculation about what happened. This adds to the general sense of uneasiness.		Blackwood must have influenced later writers like H.P. Lovecraft. Unfortunately, there are no clear successors to Algernon Blackwood alive today. Modern horror relies on gruesome scenes and neat plotlines that wrap up as neatly as a Christmas gift. Gore is not necessarily a bad thing, but when it is a substitute for suspense and clever writing there is a big hole that needs filling. This English author neatly closes that gap with great stories full of suspense and eeriness. More Blackwood, I say!
0,A great and simple guide to investment strategy. If you have a full-time job and want to know how to make your money work for you with low risk then read this book.
0,In both the church and the academy, the Johannine corpus stands in the shadows of the Pauline. When Johannine Theology IS addressed, typically only the Fourth Gospel is considered, or the Gospel and the Epistles. Certainly in contemporary New Testament scholarship, a Johannine theology that covers the entire corpus traditionally attributed to John is lacking. Paul Rainbows recently released Johannine Theology: The Gospel, the Epistles, and the Apocalypse has filled this lacuna. In the introduction (Chapter 1) he summarizes the main approaches to doing biblical theology, and Johannine theology in particular: biblical theology, historical-theological approach based on the Jewish matrix, topical approach, literary-theological approach, and organization around main characters. Rainbow also provides an overview of issues such as the nature and purposes of Johannine literature, authorship, the Johannine Question, John and Judaism, and history and theology in the Fourth Gospel.		Rainbows approach in this volume sets forth the Johannine theology according to the relations among the divine persons (Father, Son, Holy Spirit) and the world made up of its various constituents (28). He moves theme by theme, examining what the entire Johannine corpus has to say about each given topic. Rainbow begins in Chapter 2 with theology proper, for while up until recently Johannine thought was thought to center on Christology, Rainbow asserts that at the center of the Johannine theology is God the Father, specifically the revelation of Gods love for the world by sending his Son (72). Chapter 3 deals with the world-system. In this chapter Rainbow broaches the topic of the scope of salvation (Calvinist versus Armininian), to which he returns in a later chapter.		In Chapters 4 and 5 Rainbow turns to Christology, addressing the question of who Jesus was in the former and what he did in the latter. Naturally, a significant portion of chapter 4 is devoted to the deity of Christ; however, his humanity, incarnation, and offices are also addressed. Chapter 5 surveys all aspects of Jesus work as presented in Johns writings: Jesus teaching and miracles (called signs in the Fourth Gospel); his climactic glorification, including his crucifixion, burial, resurrection, breathing out of the Holy Spirit and return to the Father; and the awaited events that will bring this world order to an end and usher in the age to come (191). Chapter 6 deals with Johannine pneumatology, covering terminology, the relation of the Spirit to the Father and Son, the coming of the Spirit in salvation history, and the work of the Spirit in believers.		Having dealt with Johns theology of the divine persons and intra-trinitarian relations, in the rest of the book Rainbow addresses believers and their relation to the risen Christ (Chapters 7-8), each other (Chapter 9), and the world (Chapter 10). Somewhat surprisingly, Chapter 7 brings up both union with Christ and ordo salutis, two topics typically associated with Pauline theology rather than Johannine theology. In this chapter Rainbow also mentions the doctrines of grace and again briefly touches on the topic of predestination. In Chapter 9 on Johannine ecclesiology, Rainbow illuminates insights on the Church in salvation history, the inclusion of Gentiles into the one people of God, the embodying of divine virtues of truth, love, unity and catholicity, and practices such as worship, offices, and sacraments. The concluding chapter looks at how the Johannine conception of the church and the world relate to each other.		Paul Rainbows Johannine Theology fills a gap in scholarship by providing a comprehensive and critical overview of Johns theology, taking into account his gospel, epistles, and apocalypse. In terms of audience appeal, this book achieves something difficult  its accessible to the layperson (with main body uncluttered by overly technical analysis) but still beneficial to the formal student of Johannine literature (due to detailed footnotes that interact with seminal scholarship and the most influential journal articles, monographs, and books). This volume is truly a must-have for everyone looking for an introduction to the theology of Johns New Testament writings, from the interested layperson to the Bible college or seminary student.		*I received a free copy in exchange for an honest review*
0,Simple and to the point. Gives the fundamental advise needed for having a dog in the cart.
0,My little guy didn't like this book as much as some of Barton's others. Not sure why, but it is what it is.
0,This product is working great and i'm glad to have bought it on line it was easy to buy and use
0,I thoroughly enjoyed this book!  It is old-fashioned adventure-sort of an Errol Flynn meets Indiana Jones, but it has so much to engage the mind as well.  I always wondered about the East India Company when I encountered it in world history classes and wondered how it operated.  I feel like I learned so much about the history and culture of India in the 1830's, and it was all fascinating-so many details woven into the story.		I think this is a great beach read for those of us who have tired of much of the light reading billed as "women's fiction" these days.  This book is both fun and smart. I loved it.  My copy came from my public library.
0,This book is a must-read for all animal lovers and advocates.  It builds on the outstanding book "Change of Heart" by Nick Cooney, which reviews what social research tells us about advocating for change.  Ginsberg's book leads the reader through a step by step process of applying proven principles to animal advocacy efforts to maximize their positive impact.		Get the book.  Form a book discussion group around it with your fellow animal advocacy volunteers, and increase your effectiveness in this very important cause.		By the way, the principles shared apply to any social cause, though the book clearly focuses on examples (exciting, excellent examples!) of animal advocacy efforts.		Thank you, Caryn Ginsberg!  What a difference you're making.
0,I love this author, and I know she writes novellas with cliffhangers.  But these 3 felt like an added detail.  It gives an explanation to one thing in the arrangement series, but that's it.  I finished all three in a few hours.
0,The jury is still out (my problem, not the book) as I have three different diet type books that I am "reading,"  however, of the three this one is #2.  It does not make #1 because all the websites referenced in it do not lead me to anything helpful.  It's like they moved with no forwarding address.  My son thinks all the bunk about gluten is unfounded.  I guess if you are in as bad a shape as Jordan, you need it.  But for us normal folks, not so much.  I also bought a book about foods for Fibromyalgia and I think it gets the rank of #1.  The Hot Belly Diet gets #3, I tried it for 3 weeks and only lost a couple pounds.  I really wish there was truly a magic pill for weight loss.
0,Given me so many wonderful new creative ideas which I can't wait to try out! Now which one to begin with ;-)
0,I loved this book with a passion, I couldn't put it down until the end.	The love story is beautiful, but be careful...It seems like there is no sequel planned and that's the only reason why this book doesn't get five stars.
0,The author told the true story of a young man with such sympathy and understanding of his feelings and faith and courage. The reader is drawn into the events and is emotionally attached to the characters. While it tells of the war, it is more a story of human suffering, courage and dignity.
0,Rupi slays, you need this book
0,One of the most intriguing books I have read in a long time (and I read a LOT!), Sue Monk Kidd's The Invention of Wings explores the life of abolitionist Sarah Grimke, beginning with her "gift" at age 11 of a slave girl. When I started reading this book, I was unaware that she was an abolitionist, so it was an eye-opener to see the stages she went through to get to her purpose. Along with her story is that of her "gift," slave girl Handful: her story from her viewpoint is, of course, vastly different to that of her owner. The setting is the early 1800's when slavery in the south, Charleston, South Carolina in particular, was a "way of life," as her sister points out. The harsh treatment, the deprivations and the concept of owning another person was really brought home in this novel. Although a fictionalized account of Sarah Grimke's life, it is loosely based on fact....
0,This latest iteration of Dalzelle's space opera doesn't disappoint. In this series, I'd put his writing on par with far more recognized authors like Timothy Zahn, Orson Scott Card and John Scalzi. The plot is interesting, the characters are varied and increasingly developed throughout the series. The storyline is, in my opinion, well-paced; there's plenty of action and intrigue, but some occasional reflection by the characters in ways that build the universe and (possibly) set the stage future elements of the story. Dalzelle states in the afterward that he is consciously shaping this particular trilogy to focus on a relatively limited aspect of the interaction (no, it's not ALL fighting) between humans and other species, rather than making this yet another life-or-death-of-the-species struggle.		Significantly, Dalzelle does a notably good job of keeping the storyline free of the sort of political or ethical commentary that is all too common in the science fiction genre.		If you enjoy this series, you'll probably also enjoy the Ember War Saga by Richard Fox.
0,In very good condition, as described
0,I love all of the valdemar books, and even though these are written by different authors they stay true to the feel of Lackey's writing.
0,This author knows how to put her foot in a book. So freaking good. Holt is an ass, but his dad is the devil. This book show how money cant buy you happiness, but a sweet, insecure Jamaican girl might.
0,As always, Lexi Blake doesn't disappoint.  I "read" the audible version of this book and you can't find a better narrator than Ryan West, imho.  The combo of excellent writing and outstanding narration puts these books in my top 10.  I can't wait for #8 to come out on Audible.  I hope it does, and I hope it's soon!
0,I gave it five stars because it was/is a great follow up to The DBDA series.  Speaking for all DBDA fans, we look forward to the next one.
0,An awesome read!! Very open, honest, and raw..... The strength that is shown through Amanda and Gina is amazing!
0,This is light, enjoyable and intriguing.  It is a page turner.  I enjoy books about thieves, but this one also has the world of spirits, which are used to create magic.  The world is well constructed and the characters, are a mixed and interesting bunch.  Some are more deeply constructed than others, but part of the enjoyment of the book was figuring out some of the mysterious elements about a few of the characters.	This sense of wanting to know more was an enjoyable aspect to the book and you are left with a feeling that even what you learned, just touches the surface of the character and makes you eager to find out more.	Also, there is a giant ghost dog. How can you not love a book with a giant, intelligent, talking ghost dog?		I am looking forward to the other books in the series.
0,I got this book for my husband. He loves it!! It is full of information on milk cows and how to take care of them and what to do in certain cases. This book has helped us with our family milk cow. Would recommended this book to everyone with or wanting a milk cow.
0,Mountain Lion's Secretary is a great book! This book hooked me from the very first page and kept me hooked until I finished the book. It is very well written and I loved reading it! As an avid paranormal reader I have always loved wolf, bear and dragon shifter books but this book has made me add mountain lions to my favorites list. I can't wait to read more books from this author!
0,Hannah and the. crew are back with another tasty cozy mystery!  I think the secret to their appeal is that the descriptions of the baked goods contrast so well with the elements of character gossip and mystery!  Whatever it is, there are times when a Joanne Fluke mystery totally hits the spot!
0,Interesting way to present an all-time story-mother and daughter relationships.  I do like the authors presentation and her literary style. Should be a must read for any mother with daughters. Gives the reader a truly enlightening perspective. The authors humor adds to her characters and lightens up the story. I would recommend it highly.
0,Much better than the first book. The action and story line picked up pretty quickly in this one. I just started the 3rd book in the series and am instantly hooked also.
0,Well written and full of details and explanations of the latest archaeological discoveries at the site of the founding of the English presence in this country.  Dr. Kelso is an expert in his field and a good writer, as well!
0,Rose you did it again I had a hard time putting this book down I'm ready to see what happens in the next book in this series keep up the great work Rose
0,Entertaining story.  A new author for me and it took me a bit to get in the flow of his writing.  But the story was well done.
0,I had to keep reading to find out who was the killer. It was set in one of my favorite cities, New Orleans.
0,*SPOILERS*		First and foremost I loved this book. I loved the regency idea coupled with the scifi almost steampunk setting. The characters were intriguing and I adored the main two right away.		Unlike other reviewers the Prince was not too submissive. He was strong, intelligent and controlled outside of the bedroom. However when he and his lover were alone they had a subtle Dom/sub relationship that was beautiful, trusting and kinky all at once. Yes a lot of gay romances have the young virginal bottom with the muscular aggressive top. But in this story I didn't view it as a cliche. This was just their sexual dynamic. It worked and didn't ruin the story. However if you are not an adventrous person the spanking scene (my personal fave) and the talk of fisting will turn you off quickly.		My main upset with this book was the quick un-messy wrap up of a major plot point. Nate is disowned and leaves home years ago, but his dad shows up says sorry and that's it? It was highly unbelieveable, I let it slide because it was near the end of the book.		All in all a good read and well worth the money.
0,I am a full time working mom and trying to make the decision on whether or not to leave the rat race.  This mom has excellent perspective as she worked while her kids were in day care and then chose to leave after having to take so much vacation time from her kids being sick.  This is exactly where I am!  I've read other books, but they are women who work, have a child and don't return to work.  Cheryl has a good perspective for those of us tempted to leave the work place.  I liked the christian undertones, but it might not be for everyone.  Thanks Cheryl for writing such a great book!
0,This was a enjoyable read, a short prequel to the start of a series. The author's writing style is clean and easy to read. I moved through this book in a single sitting and will move onto the next. The story is dystopian, without getting too deep into the dirty world, but instead focuses on the main character's addiction. I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a fun weekend read.		Note: I was given a free copy of this book to read. The review is genuine and impartial.
0,I am not ashamed to say that parts of this story scared me a tad! But this is not a put down, as that's the point. Really enjoyed the entire collection.
0,Exceptional story and well written.
0,Loved it, cant wait for the 3rd one
0,I ordered the book from this company, said used and in good condition.  They were exactly right, and it came when they said it would.  I will definitely order from them again.
0,T. S. Paul has written a great series titled "The Federal Witch." The adventures of the characters are action packed and continuous.  Great reading.
0,Well written.  You  really cared about all the characters.  Kept your interest.
0,The book is really good and explains how Christianity gave rise to advances in science and technology. He also destroys the image of the 'dark ages' that was not dark at all. He does a brilliant work in showing that Christianity is, in principle, not against science and technology. He also pointed out that human evolution occurs into small steps instead of giant leaps.	  Having said that, as somebody with a PhD degree in Electrical Engineering, I would criticize some aspects of the book:	1. He mocks and minimizes contributions in science and technology from Islam, China and other parts of the world. He also minimizes contributions made by ancient Greece and ancient Rome.	2. Persians may not be Arabic but they are still muslims.	3. The differentiation of science and technology presented in the book is a bit controversial. I have seen many students doing experiments by doing but it is human nature to understand what they are doing and hypothesize on their results.	4. The section on black death is short, it does not state that it was a bacterial infection and one of the most probable reasons for some 'temporary reliefs' in the plague outbreak was natural competition between black rats (carrier of fleas with this bacteria) and brown rats (which do not carry infected fleas).	5. There is always the discussion between science and faith that is not discussed at extension. Faith has its own logic and reasoning which transcends human capacity to proof certain statements, while science is based upon what can be measured and perceived in the world. They have intercessions but many differences.	6. Christianity has played a key role in our societies and still will remain important in the future. It would have been helpful to describe what happened in Marxist countries with Mao, Stalin and Lenin when they tried to eliminate religion.	7. At the same time, there were instances where religions were against science: Galileo and Darwin are examples. So there was not always a peaceful relation between science and technology and religions. Even today, some fundamentalist Christians still wrongly believe in Genesis.
0,Do you like being punched in the face? How about being kicked in the shins? Maybe someone holding you at knife point and making you lay your hand on a table so they can smash it with a hammer sounds like bliss? All of those brutal and violent scenarios have a lot in common with David James Keatons collection, Fish Bites Cop!: Stories to Bash Authorities.		Oh, I don't mean its a painful read or anything; I mean that at any given juncture, in any story, the unexpected veering violence could take hold and you could lose and eyeor even bladder control. Fish Bites Cop is a collection of 30 short tales. The only thread that tethers them thematically would be that there is usually at least one cop, fireman, or EMT in each story. There is also a lot of death, anger, and, for some odd reason, hand deformities.		I won't go into every story but I will touch on the ones that left scratches. Trophies is the opener and a wonderfully bizarro intro it is. Through seemingly strange circumstances we get to see what lies beneath. In Schrodingers Rat, we are introduced to a group of prison inmates and witness their odd dealings and shenanigans. Brutal and witty while never losing its edge, this aint no Shawshank fo sho!		Greenhorns is a tale of a group of fisherman with a much more sinister agenda. Three Ways Without Water (Or the Day Roadkill, Drunk Driving, and the Electric Chair Were Invented) is my favorite of the bunch. What a delirious kick in the pants it is. Part weird western, part bizarro, its like Cormac McCarthys drunken cousin after he raided the medicine chest. I mean, it has everything: vampirism, zombie horses, gun slinging, shape-shifting, and did I mention zombie horses? Glorious!		Castrating Fireman is a darkly comic romp that is and isn't what its title implies. Three Minutes is one of the few tales that feature Jack, an EMT with some serious issues. In Clam Digger, a younger sibling must come to grips with the events that ended with his older brothers demise. The Ball Pit (Or Children Under 5 Eat Free!) is a troubling tale that hints at post-apocalyptic fringes but never reveals whats behind that dark curtain. And for the grand finale, he smacks us over the head with Nine Cops Killed for a Goldfish Cracker, a gonzo bloodbath of law enforcement and craziness that should be the punch line to its own joke: Whats blue and white an red all over and goes a hundred miles an hour?		So, is it a good book? You bet. I dug it. But I must be honest and inform you that it is not for everyone. If you like gritty noir-ish bizarro stories and people, with authority figures who are as flawed and warped as all get out, this is your Easter egg. If that isn't your thing, then you may want to sit this one out. Theres a bench over there, right beside the nice policeman.
0,Wow when people ask me what I'm reading I usually say porn, but I never seen porn stars do the things in this book. I liked it, just don't tell my dad.
0,Tia and Chase were high school sweethearts. Although they parted ways during the college years, they never stopped loving eachother. Young love eventually blossomed into something grown and sexy. They weathered storms and championed hurdles to make their relationship work. Despite the challenges of time restraints and distance, they were able to create a life for themselves.  With the help and support of family and friends, Tia and Chase are proof that "where there is a will, there is a way."		I really enjoyed It's Simple. Filled with lessons that can be applied to every day life, I enjoyed every single page. Michelle Richardson did a phenomenal job!
0,I loved this series. Absolutely wonderful characters.  I was totally in the grip of this series and read it straight through all of the books. Without a doubt, this is the best zombie series I have ever read because the story and the characters made it a great post-apocalyptic read.  As a Kindle Unlimited subscriber I really appreciated being able to borrow all of the books. Thank you.
0,A great book. Nice detail and true to life. Well written and informative.
0,am a fan of Amish fiction and this book did not disappoint
0,Amazing book...would highly recommend it to anyone working in the field of brain injury and anyone who has a loved one who has suffered a head injury!!!
0,Heroic work by so few and they were so young , put persevered against all odds.  Great men these....
0,This series is amazing!!! I need to know what's going to happen next!!!!
0,Fast service and the book was in good condition, as described. Very beautiful photos. We learned of this from a PBS show and were not disappointed in the book.
0,This book is a little different than the previous books of Kendall Ryan's I've read. I really enjoyed this twisty romance and all the surprises that we got in it.		Lacey is new in town and has motivation to get close to Nolan, what that motivation is, we don't get to know for a long time, but her plan goes to crap when she actually likes him and starts to feel for him. Nolan is an ex-SEAL and doesn't do commitment or relationships. He has his roommate Daniella that is his sub, and their "relationship" works for him, so when Lacey enters his life, everything he thought he wanted doesn't seem right anymore.		As this book progresses you can see Nolan struggle with his feelings for Lacey. He knows he's not the romance and boyfriend type, but even though he fights it over and over again, you can see how far he's fallen for her, but he feels loyal to Daniella and everything they've been through together. At times I wanted to strangle him for not being more open with Daniella and explaining how he felt, because I got the feeling even though she was with him for a reason, that she was stronger than he gave her credit for. They were each others crutches and everything was fine until Lacey entered the picture.  Lacey tried to be understanding with Nolan and his relationship with Daniella, but you could tell quickly she wouldn't be ok with it in the long run, because she was starting to have real feelings for Nolan (even if she knew things wouldn't go well once he found out everything she was hiding).		The back and forth between Nolan and Lacey is sweet and sexy all at once. I loved how Nolan kept thinking he wasn't good enough, and couldn't do anything more than what he was doing, but he was proving himself wrong over and over again throughout this book. When it comes to his job Nolan is extremely professional and you can tell how much he loves it, so when the twist in this book happens you can see why it shocked him, just as it shocked most of us who read this book.		Bait & Switch definitely has an interesting love triangle. There's Nola and Daniella, his sub and roommate, but there is also Nolan and Lacey. Both of the girls know about the other, and neither of them are in a truly committed relationship with him, so I didn't see this book as cheating. Nolan was open with both of them about each other, but I knew someone was going to get hurt and even though I knew who I wanted him to end up with, I still felt bad for the other. I was really expecting more of a dramatic exit for one of the girls, but I think things ended perfectly for them, all of them.		There is definitely a bigger story than just Nolan and Lacey (and Daniella) in this book, and I was like WHAT?! when I go to it. Bait & Switch had the perfect blend of suspense, steam, and amazing writing. I was weary going into this book, and the first chapter or two I was like hmm.... but after that I really got into the story and Nolan's story. I definitely suggest picking this one up today, and I can't wait to read Greyson's story!
0,Great product!
0,Very inspirational.
0,I've read many, though not all, of Cussler's books.  I think Polar Shift, his latest, is probably one of his best. It reminds me of Raise the Titanic in story development and interesting technology.  Fast paced, gripping and believable storyline, great characters, interesting locations...Polar Shift has it all.		In the real world, scientists are certain that the magnetic poles on the earth have, in fact, changed in the distant past.  In Polar Shift modern day bad guys are planning on using theories developed in the 30's by a brilliant scientest to cause the poles to shift and thereby drive all of modern society into chaos.  All electronics will become useless, power grids will fail, navigation will become almost impossible.  Your compass needle won't point to the north, but will point south instead.  The purpose behind all this???  Money, what else?		Cussler does a good job selling the idea that this can happen at almost any time naturally.  He also convinces the reader that it could BE MADE to happen, by evil guys for profit.		Polar Shift is a wonderful read.  The NUMA regulars are back along with some really interesting bad guys. If you've enjoyed other Cussler books, then you know what to expect.
0,It was a gift to my grandsons and the whole family was impressed.
0,Enjoyed this Christmas story!
0,5 Stars		The ending to Enrage left me reeling, and in a state of shock.  I couldn't wait to see where this talented author would take us next, and she didn't disappoint.  Eulogy is an intense, emotional, dark, gritty and raw tale of heartbreak and destruction.  The intrigue, action and suspense will keep you completely enthralled, and the twists and turns, and revelations just keep coming.  Eulogy not only captured my attention, but my heart and I couldn't put it down.	Chase Winters Abandonato's is hurt, betrayed, but most of all he's bitter full of rage.  His life is spiraling out of control, in his thirst for revenge.  Gone is the vibrant, charismatic, and optimistic joker from the previous titles in the series.  He's broken, battered and bruised, and is intent on death and destruction.	Luciana Smith is implanted into Chase's household by Dr. Nikolia as the new lawyer for the families.  Luc is an enigmatic character, whilst she's nave, sweet, innocent and anxious, underneath hides a steely backbone that is incredibly selfless, loyal, resilient and loving.	Chase is given a second chance at love with Luc, but their path is far from smooth.		Although Luciana and Chase are complete opposites, her the light to his darkness, they work really well together.  Their chemistry is intense, and their connection is passionate.  This pair are incredibly endearing and oh so inspiring.  I absolutely loved the interactions, communications and banter between the characters.  Ranging from fun and flirtatious, to sarcastic, dry and witty, to dark and emotionless.	This is a mafia romance so it's not all roses and sunshine, there is copious amounts of blood, gore, violence and death and it's told from multiple points of view, and is riddled with angst.		Eulogy is a story of forgiveness, healing and acceptance and Rachel Van Dyken has once again written a novel that surpassed my expectations.  For anyone who loves the Eagle Elite series, I cannot recommend Eulogy highly enough.  I would recommend reading the previous titles in this series, prior to reading Eulogy or you will not get the full impact of the revelations throughout this title.
0,There are no words for how much I loved this book!  It was amazing!  Grayson and Kira had an epic romance.  It was a roller coaster of emotions and I loved every second of it. I wasn't sure how to feel about Grayson at times but I loved him.  This is one of my very favorite books this year and is going on my all-time favorites list.  I planned on reading a couple chapters before bed but got totally sucked in and finished the book at 4 am.  I couldn't fall asleep after reading it because I could not get this amazing story out of my head.  This was such a beautiful romance and a book that will stay with me forever!
0,I'm an author struggling to break through into a second career (retiring from the military in 18 months), so this book was recommended to me by a NY Times Bestselling Author who broke out of his six figure career to be a full-time author by using methods that are echoed in this book. So far, my new series is beginning to take off by taking this book's content to heart. I've had a book for sale for almost 3 years but never made more than enough to cover a single utility bill... After 30 days of applying this knowledge, I've quadrupled my previous sales, and they are beginning to grow even further. But don't just read this... Live by it! If you follow this book's advice to the letter (and exercise patience) it will launch your body of work into the next level!
0,Fast paced and a great read.  I have gotten to really care about the characters in this book.  Would recommend highly!
0,Cussler et al at their best. May the Corporation continue to exist! The Oregon Files continue to provide outstanding entertainment.
0,ONCE UPON A TARTAN by Grace Burrowes is a great addition to the MacGregor trilogy. Unique and quirky characters along with an uplifting romance make this a compelling historical romance you won't want to miss.		All Hester Daniels wants is a quiet life in the Highlands taking care of Fiona, her brother's stepdaughter, and recovering from a promising engagement that ended in disaster. Things are going smoothly until Fiona's long-lost Uncle Tiberius Flynn, English Marquis of Quinworth, rides in to spend time with his niece. Hester is immediately suspicious since Fiona's paternal relations have barely acknowledged her since her birth. Something is amiss, and Hester is bound to figure it out...even if it means spending a large amount of time with Tye. Armed with a fierce conviction, Tye knows what he must do. He will do whatever it takes to make sure Fee lives in London permanently, while attempting to avoid losing his heart to the inspiring Miss Daniels who stands in his way.		It took a little time to warm up to the hero. The classic first impression is that Tiberius is a cold, unfeeling English Marquis. He was quite boring for a bit and you do question why Hester is so fascinated with him. I found myself questioning his motives throughout this novel and wondering why his decisions were so complicated. The moral dilemma he endures as a result of his actions, or even intended actions, took far too long for him to figure out in my opinion. Eventually though, you do warm up to his character and have a better understanding of his personality.		Hester was a great match for our hero. She was shy and innocent in many ways, but she was never afraid. She was an intelligent lady always seeking out more knowledge and information where she could find it. Of course, above all she was protective and placed extreme value on the important things in life such as her family. Tye made her realize she could live life to enjoy the moment and let go of her troubled past. She certainly kept Tye on his toes, but ultimately they brought out the best in each other.		In this novel, ONCE UPON A TARTAN, Grace Burrowes has again displayed the elegance her writing can achieve. There is a subtle quality in her stories that easily allows readers to be transported and experience another time rather than just letting you read about it. The descriptions and dialogue lead you to become completely immersed in the lives of these characters even if the visit is only temporary. As if that isn't enough, Ms Burrowes creates two characters in this novel that light up the pages with their fabulous chemistry. The developing sensual relationship they share will keep you turning the pages eagerly anticipating more and not wanting it to end.		Which leads me to my biggest complaint. The ending wrapped up far too quickly for me. A few pages and a mere paragraph that served as an unofficial "epilogue" wasn't enough for me. I wanted a little more "fluff" in the ending. By the time I finished the last page, I could look back and see there was plenty of buildup, but the ending felt rushed.		Should you read this if you haven't read the first installment in the MacGregor trilogy? You can, but sticklers for reading a series in order might want to use caution. Ian and Augusta from book one play a pretty large part in this story so it may mean a lot for some to read this in order. It's not impossible to read this without the other book because it flows easily as a stand-alone, but you would have a better understanding of the family if you read them in order.		Overall, I enjoyed ONCE UPON A TARTAN immensely. I can't say it is my favorite Grace Burrowes novel, but it still contains the high quality storytelling fans have come to expect from her historical romances. There are some great secondary characters in this novel that will delight you and will literally make you laugh out loud. The occasional doses of humor only add more beauty to this story and succeed in fully engaging readers. Historical romance fans should not let any of Grace Burrowes' work go unread, ONCE UPON A TARTAN included.		Lisa Jo @ The Romance Reviews
0,So sweet with so much emotion,brought tears to my eyes several times. What a great story can't wait to read another one.
0,liked it
0,I am buying several as gifts for knitting friends. If you are not someone "who knits too much", you'll miss some of the references. If you live with someone who knits too much, you'll enjoy the occasional chuckle.
0,Luke may have made his first appearance in Sweet Talk but he comes in to his own in this Dirty Talk, because this guy has the who filthy mouth vibe nailed to a tee!! But he is no one trick pony, because what he is more than able to back up his rhetoric.	Luke has one regret, one that plagues him, the one woman that he cant get over, the long term girlfriend that slipped through his fingers and that he rues the day he let her go! He knows he screwed up but fixing his mistake may not be easy.	Jane, is just as devastated as Luke about their situation and as hard as she might she cant shake the way she feels about him but heart and head are so far out of tune when it comes to Luke finding a balance might be an impossible task.	But Fate has a plan for this pair, Jane has been desperate to have her script made into a movie, it is the step that she needs, a move into the bog time but so far she hasn't had any success but with Luke at the helm she may just have the chance she has been dreaming of.	There was so much going on just beneath the surface that I found the story absolutely captivating, there wasn't a paragraph that could be glanced over. They had so much to overcome not just professionally but personally that I wasn't actually sure that they would able to reach a happy ever after on either front.	Jane knew that this was a chance to exorcise the ghost of how she feels about Luke, while Luke sees this as his opportunity to win back the woman that he loves at all costs.	Can they find their safe haven? Can they find a way back to each other?
0,Despite a major downfall (I'll discuss this issue later) this was a very good Urban Fantasy with an interesting female lead.		What Worked: Arthur did a great job of introducing us to the Riley Jenson world. I was never confused by the rules in play which follow some basic known "facts" about creatures like vampires and werewolves but there was enough originality to keep this Urban Fantasy fresh and not tired.		Riley is such a strong force to be reckoned with that I couldn't help but admire her strength and intelligence. Despite her ending up in dire circumstances (multiple times) I never thought she fell into the dreaded TSTL category.		What Didn't Work: The sex. In Keri Arthur's world, werewolves are sensual creatures that do not adhere to the standard morals and values ideal. Therefore they tend to have sex....a lot. AND that isn't even counting the "Full Moon" cycle when they absolutely have to have sex or go ape shit crazy. Like rabid-werewolf-killing-everything-in-sight crazy. They also only become monogamous when they find their soul mate so they often have multiple sexual partners that they use on a regular basis until they find their "forever" mate. So, I get it. Keri decided her werewolves were going to be free loving hippie children. Unfortunately she felt the need to have Riley explain this repeatedly to one of her sex partners who had a problem with all the free lovin' going on. He thinks werewolves are nothing more than whores. A little harsh but maybe not completely out of line. Riley has to tell him that werewolves are not human and should not be boxed into human ideals of sex and morality. My problem with this is that Keri somehow forgot that her readers ARE human and just might have a bit of an issue with a woman who has sex with several different men all in the same night.		In addition to the amount of sex (and sexual partners) that happen within the book it also has to be noted that there was a complete lack of romance surrounding the sex that it made it, well, unsexy. There was so much unsexy sex going on that when Riley did get with someone that she might have more of a connection to the reader is beyond caring and the scene ends up happening with no real fanfare.		In a Nutshell: Despite the HUGE issue surrounding all the unsexy sex and whatnot Riley, truly is a compelling heroine with an interesting background and a budding future as a Guardian in the Directorate.
0,Could hardly put it down.
0,Avis Cardella loves fashion. When she was very young, she fell in love with name brands, beautiful clothes, and magazines. She saw her mother as the epitome of grace and beauty and wanted to be like her. While Avis was in her early twenties and in a tumultuous marriage, her mother died. What follows Avis is her choices in seeking to fill the hole left behind.		This memoir is beautifully and honestly written. She makes no excuses and places no blame on others. She makes choices based on her need to anesthetize her feelings about her loss. She becomes involved with rich, powerful men and enters the world of freelance fashion writing, while climbing the ladder of the rich and famous, spending all she has and then more while she seeks to numb her grief.		The author carefully addresses her different relationships and how they each served a purpose. Her downward spiral takes a couple of decades and her uphill climb is a process.		As our country is pushed into recession, "Spent" is written in a timely manner. Although full of designers the average woman may have heard in passing but would not be able to identify, the reader can identify with loss and searching for healing.		I really enjoyed the book. The author has a unique voice and writes with feeling and reason. She is able to connect her ideas and experiences clearly and finds healing and change within herself. She admits to slipping along the way, but her strength to admit her own choices are to blame is empowering.
0,What I like about this book and the author's style, is the true southerners of it. Sometimes an author will set a book in the south and it will be too extreme....the accents, food, way of life. In this book, you see that there are intelligent people living in the south......they are not all rednecks!!		I know this is the first book in a series about this family. Written in a similar style as "Dear Carolina," a previous book by Woodson-Harvey, the chapters go back and forth between the narrators, Ansley and Caroline...mother and daughter. While the  story is told by these two, the reader also learns a great deal about Caroline's sisters, Sloane and Emerson. We are able to see how the family dynamics have changed during times of crises and how those strong Southern women survive, coming out stronger than ever.		Since I do live in the South, I can " see" the settings and the characters. I know people who are just like som  of the people in Woodson-Harvey's novels. I feel sure there are people in here who are based on some actual people known by the author....people with whom she was raised; people her parents knew; people that were the " characters" in her hometown who easily translated to Peach Bluff, Georgia.		Take the time to travel south and enjoy the beach breeze this summer.
0,It was a really good read lots of information you don't think about.  Just a different time hope we never have to go through this again  as history  repeats itself.
0,Liked  the story, even though I thought it was a bit long. The shooting club was fun and they were the heroines.
0,These are just for novels. I look forward to reading more from this author.
0,The Living Bible is a great joy to my Bible reading experience!!  I thoroughly enjoy the ease of reading this version!!  It does not lose any of the meaning but provides God's Word in a very American English way.
0,The hard part about reading a good book is when it comes to an end. That's how I felt with Crash! I fall hard for the bad boys, so it's no surpise I was in LOVE with Jude!! Nicole Williams had be laughing out loud with some of, ok most, of the things that came out of his mouth! There were times Lucy made me want to scream, and others where I wanted to cry. If an author can make me feel what the characters are feeling than it's a book to be recommended!
0,Takes a few chapters to suck you in. Almost DNF, but it was costly by kindle standards, so I plugged on. Now I will get the next book. So different, although dark. Favorite thing was the elven weapon magically hidden in his arm. Just different....nice.
0,With charm, wit, enthusiasm, and heart to spare, UPON A CRAZY HORSE is a wild ride of the best sort. Frank Allan Rogers' genuine, down-home "voice" is delightful -- sort of a mashup of Larry McMurtry and Louis L'Amour. Readers will feel every ache poor Jack Brannigan experiences, fall in love with his cantankerous horse, and find more than enough twists and misadventures to keep them engrossed long after they should have gone to bed. Even the villain seems human enough to live next door (scary thought though that may be).		With a debut novel this good, Frank Allan Rogers is a western author to keep an eye on.
0,Excellent book
0,OUTSTANDING. Riveting story of a boy who lost everything but became a man who somehow had the strength to rise up and become one of the most prolific suit designers of his day. This book has EVERYTHING-Greenfield ponders matters of faith, family and brushes elbows with some of the biggest legends on the planet. A unique perspective makes his account of meeting Frank Sinatra very interesting. This book is a blessing that interjects humor when you least expect it, as well as a strong dose of American pride. Also, if you're having a bad day, read this memoir. You'll suddenly realize just how very blessed you truly are. God bless Mr. Greenfield, and God bless the USA!
0,dear seller I really loved the inspired by angels letters from the arch angels book alot	it is really a great book to read about angels I am really looking  forward to reading this book alot about angels	love caroline boudle
0,Good story.loved it.
0,This book was very funny and very entertaining. A nice read for an easy day of relaxation. I enjoyed it.
0,Great history and well done.
0,This book does a good job in captivating its audience.	Its a great book	I highly recommend it highly		DISCLAIMER	I did receive this item for free or in a reduced price HOWEVER it did not have an affect on my review	a bad product will get a deserving bad review
0,If you want to get into the losing weight mood, this book will do it. I lost 40 pounds in 8 weeks and felt great. If you get this program you have to get the Eating for Life cookbook as well they are like peanut butter & jelly. They go together.
0,I am 66.5 year old who still loves to color!! I just recently discovered adult coloring and I felt like jumping for joy. The pictures Given are nice, some are very detailed others are -just okay. BUT there are more detailed then regular pictures. I am recovering from major surgery and have started coloring again and forgetting how relaxing it can be and I will be coloring for hours.
0,This was my first book by this author and i really enjoy it.		Why i didn't love it: Joss, she really annoyed me most of the times, pushing everyone away. She was kind of "disfunctional"		Why i liked it: Braden, the hot, sexy alpha male, who countered every one of Joss's disfunctions with patience and maturity.		Overall this was a good story and for sure this won't be my last book from this author.
0,enjoyed reading this book
0,Michael Pollan wrote the book on healthy eating. Literally. And, here it is, served up in 64 bite-sized rules dished out over 140 highly digestible, delightfully illustrated pages. Based on the meat (no pun intended, really) of his ground-breaking _In Defense of Food_, the pocket-sized, readable-in-one-sitting (though preferably not while eating) _Food Rules_ presents do-able, understandable, and yes, even enjoyable how-to's for following Pollan's eating holy trinity of: "Eat Food. Not Too Much. Mostly Plants."		Divided into three sections to address each of these three guidelines, the book contains rules that are clear as spring water ("Don't eat anything your great-grandmother wouldn't recognize as food."), funny ("Don't eat breakfast cereals that change the color of the milk."), clever ("If it came from a plant, eat it; if it was made in a plant, don't."), cleverly worded ("Treat treats as treats."), wise ("Eat all the junk food you want as long as you cook it yourself.") and  realistic ("Break the rules once in a while.").		If you ate up _In Defense of Food_, this book will be a deliciously concentrated treat. If you haven't read  _In Defense of Food_ (or haven't been able to convince others you care about to do so), think of this manual as the fast-read, "to-go" version of that book. (Which, by the way, can be served up with fries as long as you make them yourself. )		_Food Rules_ rules!
0,very helpful
0,I read all her books during a 2 week period. I enjoyed every one of them and just adored all the characters in each book. I would recommend these books to everybody .
0,Double Cross is an excellent book about the allied forces D-Day planning.  The book provides an account of the extensive planning done by the allies.  And, it  gives us a better understanding of the ability of the allies to work together to confuse the enemy.
0,I absolutely love all of the Alex Kava - Maggie O'Dell series and this newest novel doesn't disappoint!  I recommend this to anyone who enjoys romantic suspense novels.
0,I have read most of Don Cozzens' books. They are all easy reads and so down to earth.  He tells it like it is and in his Notes from the Underground, which was published just about the time Pope Benedict resigned and Pope Francis was elected, he gave a startling but true picture of the work of the Vatican.  I would recommend this book to anyone who believes the Vatican is in need of reform.  I hope Cozzens will continue writing as he observes changes (hopefully) in how the Catholic Church is governed, and how women, especially nuns, are treated in the Church.
0,John Grisham is one of the best authors around today. I look forward to all his book. I'm going to download to my Kindle his new book Gray Mountain next.
0,Got this book because my father and his sister and their father all had Alzheimers.  Looking for any hints it may give me when I get a chance to look it over.
0,Free book
0,I have read The Secret Life of Violet Grant and now Overseas. Both books are great. I like this author! I think I like Overseas more. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is I wasn't able to follow certain aspects at the end and it dragged slightly at the end, sorta went on past that glorious moment when I had my happy ending and could relax. However, it really is a great story. I was in mystery the entire time. I knew something bad would happen but I coud never figure out from whom it would come. If you enjoy historical fiction and/or time travel I can't imagine you wouldn't love this story. Worth your time and money in my opinion. I will buy more books from this author for sure...
0,Hard to put down ! Even though I had other things I needed to be doing I kept on reading
0,Both of these guys are literary giants. It's amazing to read them trading info on one of the great psychedelic experiences, wrapped in a lot of exotic travel. A lot of it hinges on their homosexuality, which was of no specific interest, but still provided good background on these two guys. An exciting and fascinating read.
0,So glad to have Nathan Scott back, well  at least a semblance and a promise of him.
0,Lizzie and Blake are having their engagement party and of course find a dead body. This was a quick, fun read with plenty of romance and laughs.
0,Hitched imperfect love book 2 is twice as juicy as book 1.	Noah and Olivia grow closer, but can she agree to the terms.
0,I've never cared for Grisham's crime novels, with their lawyer heroes and villains, and was surprised to find he had extended his territory with this little book about a failed American football player who goes to play in Italy.		This would be like a player quitting the English or Spanish football* league and going to play in a place with no professional structure.		The novel is light-hearted and easily digested. It is part travelogue on Italy, with lots of clichs about pasta, pizza, Fiats, opera, old churches etc, a story in which the character tries to restore his professional reputation and it also has a romantic interest. It just needs a decent script, a couple of good looking actors and you have a guaranteed HBO hit.		It's not too demanding and is a pleasant way of passing an hour or two stuck in an airport or plane.		I don't understand American football so I skipped the blow-by-blow accounts of games but presumably American fans will appreciate these scenes.		*Soccer for Americans
0,This was a very good read, however, I did wonder about some things. Like how could anyone make or carve a whole town so intricately and yet so very small.  All the same I couldn't put it down.
0,Great book to cover all information about social entrepreneurship. Has excellent definition about the topic and cover from how to start a social enterprise until how to measure impact. A great start to understanding social entrepreneurship plus includes many other references to gather more information.
0,I liked this book very much!  This is Truan's story.  We met him in book four and now he has is own story.  Truan is the son of Merlin and he feels that there is no way he can love due to the fact that he is half mortal.	Amber (we met her in previous books as well) has suffered greatly and is unable to speak.  She is drawn to Traun the 'fool' and jokster.  Truan despite his best attempts also finds himself drawn to the the silent beauty.  The darkness manages to get a hold of Amber and takes her back to the time of Aruthr.  When Camelot was more then just a legend!  Here Amber is able to speak and laugh and finds herself with no memory of Truan but is drawn to him just the same.  The battle of good and evil is fought yet again in this magical place and love blooms for both Truan and Amber.	This was a great read and worthy of being part of the this romantic series.
0,Good read, pay attention, it will get you there.
0,Thanks!
0,Got it by the promised date. Very happy with my purchase
0,Victoria Houston's Loon Lake series is a perfect read for snuggling in bed and staying up late.  It's an easy read yet the characters are well written and engaging.  I love the series!  Keep them coming!!
0,OMG, I hardly laughed so much, I think not since Get Lucky!	This book has 3 stories in one, Henley, Kasha and the weddings week!	Impossible to sum it up.	Wa have 3 women on their way for a week of craziness :	Kasha, the stepsister of the groom	Henley, her best friend	Lydia, the second best friend and girlfriend of the groom before he cheated on her.	During this week, we see Henley reconnecting with her first love Davis and Kasha getting free with a bored Roman.	Everything goes from heaven to hell with lot of snorts, laughters, smiles and crazy underwear plus monster birds...	The two women were first here to sabotage the weddings party and supporting their friend but soon they are transported in an other world, their hilarious banters draining the two men to them.	Henley has strong insecurities regarding love since Davis left her, she agrees to a week of fun but is afraid of more, afraid of the pain to be left again.	Kasha is an hilarious kluntz, she had to learn to live for what she wants the hard way, it is her doubts that are blocking her for more so can someone enters her universe and accepts her for what she is.	If you want to read this book, choose a quiet and alone place, near a restroom, or you will be rewarded by strange looks when they will see you rolling on the floor or running in the bathroom.	And the epilogues, just perfect!
0,I really enjoyed this book so much more than the first (bared to you).  I want more, don't make me wait.... please?!
0,Nice book to read.  Makes you think.
0,I received an ARC of this book, but am in no way obligated to leave a review. I have loved every single book in this series, and I think this series is one of my top 5 favorites. Throughout this series, weve read a bit about Hugh, though hes always stayed aloof, a bit of a mystery. Weve also met Ivy before, though not in a good light. This story brings together the two most mysterious characters, forcing us to see them in a different light. There were times that it was hard to keep reading, times where I cried like a crazy person, and times I laughed out loud, but there was never a time that I wanted to put the book down. It was intense, sad, and happy all at the same time. What a great book!
0,Epic story in just one book from start to finish I felt like I was on a journey I just wasn't sure where we would end up with redemption or hell. beautifully written
0,Good story for a tween girl!
0,This is a universal story told by a husband that is still in love with his deceased wife. This book should have an adapted version for younger children, who are Selena's followers thru their parents.	This book will make readers cry and laugh.	I had started dating my husband six weeks when we learned about who she was and her music. Since hen, she has been within my favorite singers in English and Spanish. And, her memory will always stay alive in my heart, as it marks the time I met the love of my life. Now, that I am reading Chris Perez book dedicated to her, I cannot imagine his pain being without his soulmate.	Their love for each other is superb, why did she have to go away?
0,I have enjoyed reading this paranormal book. The only character that I didn't care for was Stephan. But yes very enjoyable
0,This was another great book from Candace Calvert. I'm really enjoying this series and would recommend this book, series and author.
0,This a a very good dictionary for the price with clear print and a very good selection of vocabulary.  Buy it.
0,Paulson's guide to dragonflies and damselflies (collectively known as odonates) of western North America is stunning to behold; one could spend a lot of time happily drifting through the beautiful photographs. Additionally, the text is incredibly informative. However, for a summary of this book's contents, I can not do better than the review by "Soleglad"-- I hope I got the reviewer's tag right -- of this book.		However, I"d like to emphasize that this book is not just for the "serious" amateur or professional. I am not a serious dragonfly person. I enjoy looking at them, love photographing them when the opportunity presents itself, but I don't spend much time identifying them "in the field," and I do not go to specific places to seek them out.		Nonetheless, I found this book fascinating. The introduction includes a myriad of interesting facts about these insects, and this helps you appreciate these beautiful animals all the more. The "field guide" portion of the book contains a large number of mostly superb photographs. The text in this portion of the book can be, initially, a bit hard to understand for us "lay-people," but if you wish to identify a dragonfly or damselfly, some technical description is necessary (and there is an excellent glossary with drawings to explain terms).		My Point: This is NOT a guide solely for "experts," but for anyone who wants to identify dragonflies/damselflies, in their yard or on vacation (in western North America). It is also visually pleasing and contains far more general natural history background than most field guides. There is no guide currently out that is anywhere close in quality.		My sole "negative" point is that it is nearly impossible for a photographic guide to put as many species per page as guide using drawings. This does sometimes make finding a collection of similar species (between which you are trying to make an identification) more difficult. But this guide is as good as a photo guide is going to get on this front as well.		Steven Mlodinow
0,This is such a great book to first experience a world created by Brandon Sanderson. And it's less than half the length of many of his other books.
0,Amazing amount of backup information! The country needs someone to lead and free us from stiffling regulations to protect basically large donors.	Allow good people the freedom to move forward and take full responsibility for their actions. We should make people fully responsible for not falling for schemes and not try to protect them from themselves! Common sense, not too common today, needs to be used, taught and not just have an  overload of information which we don't know how to use!
0,I found this to be a very simple to read book with principles that go beyond the current trends of the day in church growth.  I am going to lead a group of people in my church through this book.  It has helpful follow through steps at the end of each chapter.
0,My Thoughts On The Book: I am huge fan of Colleen Coble and I have read her often.  I have yet to be disappointed with her stories.  This particular book was the second novella in the Journey of The Heart Series and in my opinion...if it was possible... it was much better than the first book. The action in this story kept it from ever being boring.  The characters squared off against Indians, their was a difficult journey out west, Sarah's nasty Ex-Fianc Ben tried everything he could....good and bad....to get Sarah for himself.  When she finally gets to Fort Laramie Sarah finds the love of her life, Rand, engaged to another woman.  This book has it all and I promise you will love it.	Disclosure of Material Connection: I received this e-book free from Litfuse and NetGalley  as part of their Book Review Blogger Programs. I was not required to write a positive review. The opinions I have expressed are my own. I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commissions 16 CFR, Part 255: Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising.  Thank you!  Thank you!  Thank you!
0,Peace Be With You by David Carlson delves into the monastic life from an unexpected angle. After a series of seemingly disconnected promptings Carlson set his mind to travel around to a number of monasteries--a practice that was already familiar to this convert to Greek Orthodox--to find a word of life, much like those pilgrims long ago who sought out the desert Fathers.		Carlson sought to understand the world after 9/11 and to do so he looked to the monastic traditions hoping their separation from the world would grant a unique perspective, something fresh and clean and Christian, not the stale and spoil of our modern world, our false conservatism, that says instead of "return not evil for evil," but, "You got me I'm gonna get you."		Over and again Carlson is given an answer of peace, an answer of love, and not one of retaliation, the response most often heard in the media, and even among our peers. This is a read that will be painful for many, or if not painful, then revolting and rejected out of hand. Such is the way that darkness hates the light, yet the call within these pages is like that of Christ's Sermon on the Mount, that we would love our neighbors and pray for our enemies.		At one point toward the end of Carlson's monastic circuit he comes to the conclusion that 9/11 ought to be seen in light of the death and resurrection. For me this was one of the most powerful moments of the narrative. He says that God the Father, when Christ gave up the ghost, had a choice to make at that very moment--and that this choice is the same we each make every time that we are wronged--whether to retaliate or to forgive, to seek vengeance or to grant love.		Yesterday I saw a headline that said the number two man for Al-Qaeda had been killed. I imagine a number of people reading the same line were glad, or even celebrating as in May when bin Laden was killed, but my mind turned toward the monasteries. I wonder what response Christ would have, what response we are called to have, and my mind quickly went to this man's family. Did he have a wife? Children? No doubt, he had a mother, a father, maybe brothers and sisters. How many people did he have who loved him in spite of his faults? How would they react to such a tragedy? And so I prayed, and in that moment pray for one's enemies became something real and not just an oft-heard, oft-spoke platitude.		Were the message itself misplaced this book would be worth reading for its kind and familiar narrative style. Carlson comes through in his choice of words so that in this quasi-memoir, part life part travelogue, one can find the man and the journey making the road a pleasure to walk.		Propter Sanguinem Agni,		*Disclosure of Material Connection: I received this book free from the publisher through the BookSneeze.com book review bloggers program. I was not required to write a positive review. The opinions I have expressed are my own. I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission's 16 CFR, Part 255
0,An interesting book
0,Authentic present-day historical novel.  Beautifully written with solid historical history in a museum I love, located in a city I love.  I couldn't put the book down.  Brava!
0,Very good.  It opens up more story lines.  Vert important to keep interest.
0,Throughout this story. The characters of Felix and Major  Vernon are likeable because of their compassion and their flaws.  The mystery is well thought out and plausible.
0,I read that this was the diet that Pink used to shed a few pounds and thought I'd give it a shot! I love the detailed instruction. I would suggest that anyone looking for a cleanse.. try this!
0,Quick and easy read. Not completely predictable. Leaves you wanting to read the rest of the series. I enjoyed it.
0,An interesting series of books, each offering covers a specific vehicle, and this one covers the M-1 during recent engagements abroad. Very well illustrated, this offering lets you see just how our tax dollars bought the best tank there is, and what it can do. This volume is one worth owning.
0,It's about time that someone wrote a book about what happens before a baseball player hits the major leagues.  Dirk does a great job utilizing his time to pen an interesting book about life in the minor leagues.  The tales and antics of what happens during the long bus rides, the emotions of being demoted and dealing with others as they struggle (and many times totally fail).  We get a first hand look at his own journey -- a bright and articulate student, with a dysfunctional family and instead chooses to chase a dream.  This should be mandatory reading for anyone who has just signed a baseball contract -- as they need to be aware that baseball is not all the frills and glory of the major leagues.  The Bullpen Gospels is a quick and entertaining read.  I would have given it 5 stars but I felt the last 40 pages (about his sudden marriage and promotion to the big leagues) were rushed into conclusion.  Highly Recommended:  4 1/2 Stars!!!
0,Wonderful collection of thoughtful personal stories by current and former Jesuits.  It follows very diverse life paths from the contributors' common journey in Jesuit community and the spirituality of Ignatius to the varied relationships and works that inform their lives.  Written with humor, depth, poetry, and grace these vignettes can lead readers to a deeper appreciation of their own stories.
0,From the title of the book, you might expect a contentious debate between the two sides of this divisive issue. And if so, you are in for a pleasant surprise. I found that, in general, the writers were trying to reach across the divide and to try and reduce the conflict. One writer put it "Women have to stop fighting among themselves - let's go back to the way it was before - and fight with the men!". While the book presents many different opinions and scenarios, I did find a number of things that stuck with me. In particular, a woman has to make the choice that truly makes her happy. If that means she needs to work, then she is not a bad mother for that choice. Similarly, if a woman wants to stay home for the first few years, that does not make her lazy. It is also clear that good parents are good parents, regardless of the choice that make to work or stay home for those first few years. Women that spend a great deal of their time at work away from their kids just so they can have 20 purses, 100 pairs of shoes, and a brand new Mercedes convertible are just as bad as women who don't work and spend their entire day shopping or hanging out with their friends.		In thinking about this book in the context of "The Feminine Mistake", it appears that the best situation is when a mother has an interesting career that she is able to pursue part-time/from home during the years when the kids are little/small. Then, as the kids grow more independent, the career side can grow accordingly. While this balance isn't easy, it is definitely doable and appears to be the most rewarding and it gives those mothers a good perspective on "both sides". Mothers who don't have a career they enjoy (prior to the baby) would be best served if they found a different career, but all too often the "stay at home mom" career option is too appealing. Sadly, it is temporary and financially risky. Of course, the obvious problem is that it is very hard to find a career that you can do part-time/from home for a number of years. That is, unless you are a writer.		And with that we come to the book's tragic flaw. Every single contributor is a writer. That makes for well written essays (and they are quite well written, humorous, and a delight to read), but it also makes for a very non-representative sample. All of the women were able to cut back on their work - and even the stay-at-home-moms still wrote - after all they wrote these articles! I would have preferred poorer writing quality and a more inclusive sample. If every mom was a writer (or another profession where contract work was prevalent and available) we wouldn't have the "Mommy Wars" issue at all.		Recommended: Mothers, writers, those seeking balance in life and/or trying to understand "the other side" in this debate.
0,This was my second read from Mr. Black & it was without a doubt an enjoying &  absorbing read. To think, someone would attempt to raise their child the opposite gender of what they really are. One can't help but continue to turn the page to see how the situation will unfold. I commend the author for tackling a subject so taboo & especially in this time period in which the story was set. I would definitely love a sequel to see how Paul has progressed in his adult life and to see how love has worked out, or not worked out for him.
0,Great illustrations.
0,Great stress reducer, very cool pictures.
0,good life lessons for people of all ages. most people grew up to these stories. classics that will outlast time.
0,When I discovered an Ann Patchett book that I had not yet read, I felt I had received a gift.  After reading The Magician's Assistant I still feel very fortunate to have found this lovely book.  If I rated this book solely on my inability to put it down while reading - it would get five stars.  There was a surprise on practically every page and the dialogue is compelling.  Bel Canto may still be the best, but this delight does not disappoint.
0,Fantastic!  Very enjoyable reading and highly recommended.
0,An excellent read.
0,I love dragons you can't go wrong with shifters I voluntarily read this book for an honest review and I loved it
0,I was utterly blown away, definitely in the top 10 books I have read ... ever. He makes his points relentlessly with tons of data followed up solid analysis. Then just when you think he might have missed something, nope here comes a look from another angle, there is just no escape. I must say its also one of the most uplifting books I've come across in a long time. Given how everything you seem to hear is claiming society is going to hell in a hand basket its refreshing to see arguments that at least in the area of violence we really do seem to be heading in the right direction.
0,Loved it.
0,Enjoyed more than I thought I would. Waiting for next installment.
0,I decided to read this because the television show Haven on the syfy channel is based on it.  I was not disappointed, it's a classic Steven King story told so that you feel like you're in New England and can almost smell the salt air just from reading the story told in the natives language. Anyone who wants to read a story that explains the ultimate mystery should give this a try.
0,Enjoyed this book as much as the first.  Easy reads, excellent writing that puts you there.  Full of what next, hard to put down.  I hope this series continues.  I'm hooked.
0,I discovered Michael Wallace in the summer of 2012 when one of his Righteous Series books became free on Amazon.  I immediately became hooked and bought and read the rest of the series (exactly as Amazon and Michael Wallace planned).  These books are all fantastic and I highly recommend them but I am here to review Wolves of Paris.  This is by far my favorite of all of the Michael Wallace books I have read.  It has much more violence and supernatural content than his other, more suspenseful books but I think that adds something and made me enjoy it more.  I have read many books about werewolves since I am a huge fan of the horror genre and this is one of my favorites.  I really like the main characters, the Boccaccio brothers and their romantic counterpart, Lucrezia.  I was very interested in their personal story along with all of the background werewolf activity.  The supporting characters were also very enjoyable such as the prior and a nobleman from France, Nemours.  I found the time period fascinating and the Inquisition itself is almost scarier than the werewolves.  If you have never read anything by Michael Wallace, this is a great book to start with since it is not part of a series but is a stand alone novel.  It is easy and fun to read.  Then after you finish this one, I would highly recommend you go out and get some more of his books.
0,Great book. Loved the spirit  wolf as a guide to Skye and Josh. Their hunt for a serial killer and Skye's goal to help others with Kiya guiding made a very interesting plot. The setting in Seattle was an area that's familiar. And I live 5 miles from Yakima. It's fun to read about places u know.
0,I loved the whole series of Rebekka. Willow keeps the story line moving with a lot of nice twists. Would recommend this author to anyone who likes detective stories.
0,I haven't actually taken the trip yet, so will update later, but the book has been incredibly helpful for planning. Good descriptions and details - and surprisingly many color pictures.
0,Eric Jay Dolin, in When America met China, recounts the beginnings of the American love affair with Imperial China, it culture, tea and other goods and Chinas quest for silver, furs, sandalwood, ginseng, as well as the pernicious opium. It is also the story of the trade rivalry between America and its motherland, Britain.  The beginnings of trade with China by Europe, primarily Britain, continues to around the mid-19th century, ending prior to the advent of steam ships. Dolin does a good job in recounting the devastation wrought by the fur and sandalwood trade on Hawaii, several islands including Fiji, as well as the Arctic Northwest and islands near Antarctica. The players, both British and American are sized up as well as other nations to a lesser extent, including France.		My goal in reading the book was to learn about the opium trade and to the extent that opium is the focus, Dolin does an excellent job. To his credit, he suggests that readers pick up The Opium War: Drugs, Dreams, and the Making of China, opium by Julia Lovell, which was coming out soon after When America Met China. Dolin is an able researcher and writer, blending in the research in the just the right amounts in a readable, page-turning manner. Aside from the brief chapter on clipper ships which in this readers opinion could have been a few pages, When America First Met China is a must read for those who want to learn about U.S.-China relations from the ground up.
0,This was a fun, short fairytale! Maybe a little too short! I would of really liked it to be longer. I really did enjoy it.  But the beginning started off weird to me. I wish there would of been a different introduction to all the sisters and brothers. It was just like Bam! All these sisters, and then they got cursed! So it really didn't make a lot of sense in the beginning. But it flowed nicely throughout the rest of the story.		I voluntarily read and reviewed an advanced copy of this book. All thoughts and opinions are my own
0,Choose Joy is an encouragement and challenge to live full and whole, even in less than ideal circumstances. Sara lived with excruciating pain yet she chose to go on with purpose yielded to God's plan. Sara's testimony is both inspiring and convicting and I am better equipped to face difficulties with grace and strength because of her example. Co-author, Mary Carver, expertly pieces Sara's words into a legacy quilt to provide comfort and warmth for the hard days that we face.
0,Present for my nephews. They love everything Star Wars. I know they'll enjoy this product. I'm happy I found it.
0,Terri Blacktock has done it again! I read the book in a day. This is probably one of favorites of Blackstock. A definite must read.
0,I read this book based upon someone else's recommendations!  It did not disappoint!  Great writhing, great story!  I recommend to others
0,My son absolutely devoured this book as soon as it got here.  He never knew exactly how to create a character, or what certain abbreviations meant, and this book is crystal clear.  The one thing he wasn't sure of - 1d3 - I looked up.  You just roll a 6-sided die and divide by 2.  So 1 or 2 is 1, 3 or 4 is 2, and 5 or 6 is 3.  This is much better than reading endless, quite complicated books that assume a basic knowledge level.  I also bought the game Dungeon, which they are really looking forward to playing.  Kudos to the author(s).
0,Enjoyed this one! I'm a real fan of the genre and some I just can't get into-this one was great!
0,great
0,Love plot,  snarky and characters.  Best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best
0,Suspenseful
0,Great gift for my young grandkids.  Thanks for the quick delivery
0,Love the series of these books there are 3 of them...absolutely awesome reading!!! Recommend without a doubt!!!
0,Salvage Him is book 1 in the Highland Park Chronicles series. It is one hot, sexy read! It hooked me from the first page.		Brooklyn is a married woman but is it to the right man? She begins to question herself after she first meets the man who is helping her and Paul build their house. Paul is the man who saved her but lately she is feeling trapped and she is not so sure about their union. He is gone a lot on business and sometimes he makes her feel as though she is not good enough for him. She has really started to wonder why she stays with him.		Harrison has an instant attraction to Brooklyn and he knows she belongs with him and not the man she is married to. When She goes into the club Crush where Harrison is easily recognized,  they have a fast attraction that is undeniable. Harrison knows she has demons she is running from and wants to be the man to help her. He promises to control himself but soon it is to much to ignore. Now the problems begin.		How will it play out for these two lost souls in search of happiness? Can they overcome all the roadblocks they face or will it be too much and destroy them.		I really like Brooklyn and Harrison. The sex scenes are scorch in hot! This is my first book by Sydney Aaliyah Michelle but it will definitely not be the last as I cant wait to read book 2.
0,Beautifully written, actually poetic in some parts. The understatement of the characters added to the reality of the situations. Just loved it. Look forward to reading more from this author.
0,Best author in the world to me Kristy Cato makes you feel that your the character in her books. Dont ever give up because I support you  percent. Im not one of your day ones but Im rocking with you to the end . Stay blessed Kristy
0,Can hardly wait for her next book!
0,This information is very thorough and comprehensive. I often read of covert activities supposedly carried on by our government but this book highlighted some areas I was not aware of. I found it tittilating and interesting.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/From-One-to-Three-Hundred-Sixty-Five-Days/dp/0979562872/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">From One to Three Hundred Sixty Five Days</a>
0,This book held my interest from the beginning. I wish i could have just sat and read it to the end. It was a twist and turn plot and was hard to guess the person accountable.
0,The subject of this book is of paramount importance, but the author could have gotten his ideas across in half the time.  Though a clear and compelling writer, conciseness is not his virtue; too much repetition is his vice.  How many stories can one read about the same subject, even with subtleties acknowledged?		In Chapter 5 the author lauds big companies for being ahead of the curve when it comes to taking water seriously:  its quality, quantity and use.  Yet he glosses over the other side of the coin, at times--take Monsanto, for example.  This company's development of drought tolerant corn and other seeds sounds good (for water use), but some ecologists and like-minded folk fear that losing the original nature of seeds opens the new gene-manipulated seed to devastating diseases which we can't control and the seed has no natural fighting ability to resist.  But Monsanto comes off as a good guy solely based on the single focus on water use--regardless of its 90 percent monopoly on many genetically-modified seeds.  Additionally, farmers are basically being forced to buy Monsanto-altered seed.  This forboding knowledge has been around for some time.		Another head-in-the-sand coverage is about tourist ships (at least) using chilled, smooth, round, black river rocks instead of ice to keep their food-on-display cold longer--because solid rock stays colder longer, never melts, et cetera.  But talk to river lovers, ecologists and naturalists and they lament the removal of the beds of rivers, creeks and streams.  I don't fully understand the problem, but the author--a detail man in many respects--seems to have no hint of it either.		To be fair, although the author lauds some big companies, he does state that we should not "cede the future of water to commercial interests" (p. 142).		Half the book can almost be summed up in a statement on page 144:  "...people take water for granted--we take it for granted because good water is basically free, so we can afford to take it for granted" (yes, a little redundant).		The other half is mostly an advocation of the drinkability of purified wastewater, among other conservation measures.  Fishman makes a good case for the use of wastewater, but it's not an easy sell.  Not yet, not until we suffer a great deal more deprivation, it seems.		I must say his writing is graphically clear and the math will astound you.  In the end, it's all rather appalling--or let's say, in the end, it will be all rather appalling.  Fortunately, a few localities in the world are taking wise measures to deal with this indispensible element of life.  In other words, water is no longer dispensible to them.		One of the worst case scenarios, currently and in the future, is India:  A very modern country in many respects, but neanderthal when it comes to water--in every respect, from corruption, to disinterest, to quality and scarcity.  This is a "country where water is worshipped, but gets no respect...; where people believe if they take a dip in the [goddess, but super-polluted] Mother Ganges, they are  going straight to heaven.  That's irrational, of course,.  But people are irrational..."--Ashok Jaity (p. 218, 232).  And after reading this book, if you want another reason NOT to visit India--although there are many reasons to visit--read THE BIG NECESSITY: THE UNMENTIONABLE WORLD OF HUMAN WASTE AND WHY IT MATTERS; or read my review of the book on Amazon.		If there's one hopeful bit of news from this book, it is that water CAN be saved, cleaned and reused; that we don't need to suffer from it or the lack of it apart from the sometimes tyranical behavior exhibited by Mother Nature.		One interesting quote from the book--and there are many:  "Ninety-five percent of the water that utilities provide [and most don't] isn't used for drinking or cooking, it's used to flush the toilet [which many people don't have anyhow], fill the bathtub, and water the lawn" (p. 177).  To expand on that idea, many people and nations not only don't have the water, they don't have a water system that can adapt to scarcity.  And, yes, this is becoming truer and truer in the good old USA.		Finally, the author advises and warns that "the invisibility of the water system in the DEVELOPED [emphasis mine] world breeds its own kind of indifference to the needs of water infrastructure.  India is simply an extreme version of the kind of benign neglect of water systems found in many other places" (p. 234).
0,One of several series by these great authors. The violence is mild as is expected in a cozy. Little graphic descriptions Sexual content is implied rather than explicit. I love these books. My library had some of the authors' books, but I researched and bought all the ones of all the series that my library did not have. I am enjoying reading them tremendously. Characters are real with both failings and achievements.  I only wish there were more of them to order.  Highly recommend anything by these authors.
0,This is the first book Ive read by this author.  I love mysteries and the first thing that caught my attention was the title.		The main character, Spero, is a vet from Afghanistan turned private eye.  He is a womanizer, drinks too much, smokes too much, and likes to get into violent confrontations.  Even though he has all these bad traits, there is still some incentive to ride his bike, kayak, and stay fit.  On these adventures, the reader gets to see bits of the countryside around Washington DC.		Its Speros job to find evidence about murder victims, retrieve stolen merchandise, etc which hes good at doing because hes willing to do whatever it takes.  Along with his main job, working for lawyer, Tom Peterson, he takes on odd jobs that usually bring him into contact with women, most of whom find him irresistible.  The women he meets all drink about as much as he does, which I don't think would be the case in real life.		Pelecanos squeezes Speros private life with family in between his sleuthing and his beating up people to get information about his cases, which usually involve pretty and/or lonely women.  There is a lot of fighting with fists and guns and several descriptive sex scenes, so if this bothers you, be forewarned.		Once this book gets going, its an interesting read, but there was nothing special about the story.  It didn't really have an oh wow that will stick in my mind long after I closed the cover.  But not everything is resolved in the end so maybe a sequel is coming.
0,The hero of the legend of Zero gets to be a hero s'more. It's actually a pretty good yarn. In this tale, the team of 6 consists of individuals from 6 different species, none of which are great fans of any of the others in general. Their interactions, functional interplay, and exploits are what drives this particular offering. So far, I'm a fan of the Legend of Zero series. There's a lot of character development, a lot of surprises (or suspicions to get confirmed), and twists and turns. As is the case in this whole series so far, nobody seems to know who they can trust and rely upon, so suspicion reigns. I'm enjoying it so far and I suspect you shall is well.
0,There are many reasons to enjoy a book, one of them has to do with the writing, another consideration is location, location, location. In both cases I have to say that both of these ingredients made for a delicious and enjoyable romp through the pages of Well Read, Then Dead by Terrie Farley Moran. I have always had fond memories of the Fort Myers area and adding two neophyte and aspiring ' dames'who escape from one of the boroughs of New York City to  throw their meager life savings behind a bookstore/cafe-Read 'Em and Eat' and all the characters that are part of the gang..is delightful. Along with the 'not on the menu' murder of one of their dear denizens of Fort Myers Beach and the whodunit and the barrier island adventures that follow. Oh and throw in a 'sunken treasure' possibility that takes on a life of its own along with the less than desirable hunters that it attracts and you have quite the adventure to sit back and enjoy, whether it be at the beach or in the comfort of your own home, taking you to the lovely and seductive West Coast of Florida.	I look forward to the next escapade with Mary and Bridget!
0,This book kept popping up as recommended for me and I finally read it and absolutely loved it, couldn't put it down.  An amazing writer and I really can't wait for the next one, hopefully it won't be long.  It was great to read a book with a storyline and romance, lately a lot of the new adult books have been bordering on pornographic and who doesn't like a great sex scene but really do we need all the details, what happened to imagination.  Anyway enough of a rant, a fantastic book, loved the male hero, Luke and it had a strong female who isn't pushed around, which I like.  Can't wait until number 2.
0,I bought a copy of this at an estate sale.  Its great.  This was written before microwaves.  Its basic good cooking.  This book has a permanent place on my counter next to my knife block.  I use it for reference often.  Its basically a cooking bible! LOL
0,SWIM is a very basic board book.  It is made well and should hold up to my twin grandchildren flipping through it many times.		I especially like the colorful illustrations done by Eric Velasquez. Bright primary colors.		There's not much text by Marilyn Brigham - even less than I would expect in a board book.  But young toddlers should have a good time looking at the pictures and "reading" by themselves.
0,Worthy is my favorite Catherine Ryan Hyde so far. It has a great story line, well-developed characters and who can't resist dogs thrown in the mix.  I couldn't put it down.
0,A MUST HAVE TO ACCOMPANY YOUR NARNIA CHRONICLES. I CANNOT WAIT UNTIL THE MOVIES THAT HAVEN'T BEEN MADE YET COME OUT. THIS IS AN EXCELLENT BOOK NOT ONLY FOR CHILDREN BUT ADULTS ALSO. YOU CAN LEARN ALOT FROM THEM.	GREAT SERVICE AND WRAPPED GREAT ALSO. IT WAS A GIFT FROM MY SON.
0,Over the summer, I had my daughter read a book and write a book report on it. She selected this book. I read it before she did, and at first I was worried it might be too sad. However, then I remembered I read Where a Red Fern Grows at her age. This is my daughter's book report on it. Yes it does contain SPOILERS-	In the beginning of Bailey's Story there was Bailey and his brothers and sisters.  He did not love  his brothers and sisters - which was weird because I love my two brothers. He left home and started an adventure.  Then he saw a man who picked him up and put him in his car. The puppy was so hot in the car. Then a nice women saved Bailey and brought him to her home to her son. Then Bailey met Ethan he was so happy without his brothers and sisters. I was so happy and relieved he got a new home.  Bailey's mom probably feels sad because her son is gone.	 Then one day Bailey was kidnapped by Todd from in front of his home. Todd is a neighborhood bully.  Todd  brought him home and then put Bailey in his room. I was about to cry. He escaped with the help of  Todd's sister. Then he went to a farm.  He thought it was amazing! But he was sprayed by a skunk.  It was horrible.  Bailey did that two times and two baths, but they had to leave because summer was ending.  He was sad and happy to go home. He was playing with Smokey one day because he loved to play with her, but not for long. She got sick and she died. I felt like I was going to cry.	 Towards the end of the story, Hannah and Ethan were girlfriend and boyfriend they were about to kiss, but Bailey stop it by getting between them.  Hannah was at a football game with Bailey when  Todd said that Ethan was cheating on  Hannah with Michelle,  but she did not believe him. Todd did not like Ethan. He wants him to be miserable.  When that did not work, he set Ethan's home on fire! Ethan  almost died, but he was alive. He had to  have crutches to help him walk. Then he had a cane to help him walk. Summer came again and they went back the farm. Ethan thought that Hannah will not like him because he has a cane. Bailey went to Hannah's home then he ran back to the farm with Hannah following.  Hannah told him did not care about his cane. Then they went to the lake then he jumped in the lake. He learned that he can still swim! He was happy that he can swim.	 I love this book because it has a dog that was helping his buddy, Ethan. I think that is good because I like dogs and having friends. I love the ending because it was a happy ending and I love happy endings. I think that dog people would love this book because it has a dog in it. Kids who like dramatic books will like this book, too. I would read books like this in the future.
0,I liked it.  The h was sensible and level-headed, even if she was a bit too brusque to fit into pretentious London society.  The H was not as bad as other reviews have painted him, in my opinion.  Yes, he was guilty of some bad behavior but he at least had the excuse of having been romantically burned in the past by a faithless fiancee.  The wager with his friend was pretty innocent as these things go, or would have been if he had not given way to a fit of pique at one point.  The main thing is that he finally "got it" and groveled suitably.  There was no real villain in this book, which was a nice change, but still enough twists and turns to keep you reading.  I thought the characters were pretty fleshed out for a short novel.  The dialogue and general writing level were very good.
0,I like all of Taylor Stevens' books.  Have a couple on Kindle!  Love her style.		H.C. Riley
0,More than three quarters of the way through this heart breaking and compelling novel, the title - above - is defined for us. On page 1322 of a medical dictionary - Life: a constellation of vital phenomena - organisation, irritability, movement, growth, reproduction, adaptation. In the middle of one of the many awful wars of the past 100 years, this unusual definition places humanity, small kindnesses, personal and intimate deeds at the heart of the story and the people in this novel.		Chechnya -  breakaway republic from the iron arm of Russia, rich in natural resources, not allowed to be in charge of its destiny by mighty Moscow. In our Western press, all we have ever really heard about this isolated far away place is the extreme actions of its terrorists. But this is a region which has had more than its fair share of destruction, rebuild, invasion, expulsion, rebuild than any population should have to bear. Hardly surprising they should choose to resist from time to time. But as with most stories of war, very little is ever told of the lives of the ordinary people, their inability to control or manage their fate and the fates of their families. So it is in this story.		Amazingly this is a first novel, and the author is still only in his twenties. Following a period of study in St Petersburg, he first came to learn about Chechnya, its people and its history. The quote above comes from a medical dictionary he was looking at one day.		The story moves somewhat erratically between 1994 and 2004 when the latest two wars took place. The action in 2004 takes place over five days and is centered in a village where three men - Akhmed, Dokka, Ramzan - all friends since childhood live. Another key character is Ramzan's father Khassan. The story is also told through the eyes of Dokka's eight year old daughter Havaa, a brilliant Russian born doctor Sofia and her sister Natasha. Heart breaking things happen to each of these people, and they are all faced at some stage with making some very hard decisions as they confront the terrible consequences of civil war.		In the very first paragraph Havaa sees her father seized by the Feds and her house burnt down. She is rescued by Akhmed who flees with her to the one and only surviving hospital which he knows is the only place Havaa will be safe from the Russians. He entrusts her to the care of Sofia, and as an ex-doctor himself stays to help out. Unfolding in the village is the ongoing search for Havaa, the dilemma that Ramzan who is an informer faces, and the position that Khassan too finds himself in. As the story unfolds Natasha's link to this small village and the resulting betrayals unfolds. Nothing, however, is ever simple, but the constant and at times annoying plot movements over the ten year period slowly begin to make sense.		This is a haunting story, and like many other novels of its kind, can't help but make us question how we, in our safe comfortable worlds, would behave in such extreme circumstances.
0,People who gave this book a low rating seem to forget that it ain't non-fiction. There are numerous best selling authors (i.e. spy novels with James Bond type characters who always find a way to not end up dead even when the bad guy has you tied up, and a gun or laser to your head or other more important body parts)!		Palmer has his super hero's (male and female), and super bad dude's. He's the best of the medical novelist's, imho. A good book is one that you don't want to put down until you reach the ending. Even if the ending is disappointing I don't give the book 1-3 stars.		Of course there are people out there who would give Hemingway or the Bible a one star rating!		I dropped 1 star cause he stretched the believe-ability yellow line a tad too much in this novel.
0,An amazing writer . I have read all her books and highly recommend her!
0,great job
0,I can't wait to read book 2 the 1st  book is super hot and sexy. Action packed a must read and hope it continues on for a long series.
0,I enjoyed the authors Aberrant series so I figured I would like this series.  I was not disappointed.  I absolutely loved the idea of alternate worlds.  I am not so sure I would like to meet my doppleganger though.  For me most fantasy authors spend so much time building their world that I get lost.  There is more world building than plot.  Ruth gave just enough about Orenda to keep me interested.  I look forward to seeing what else I learn about this world in the next book in the series.  I believe this is exactly the kind of fantasy book my middle school students will enjoy.  Cant wait to let them know about it.
0,I did enjoy this book a lot but I felt it wasn't quite as suspenseful as others I've read lately. It was a good read though and I'm not sure if it was the subject matter or author as I haven't read one of Catherine Coulter's book in a while.
0,Beautiful black and white drawings to color.  Helps me to bring my focus back into place.
0,very interesting. whole world out there you can learn about which shows how couples hold it together. good info
0,From the first page, you will be drawn to the characters and the story line.  This is a "hook you" book.  I would spend every spare minute of my time reading this fantastic book.  This is the first book I have read from this author, but it will not be my last.  The story has action, happiness, sorrow, romance and much, much more.  It is one book that is well worth the read.  Get it and enjoy the story and characters, you will not regret it.
0,a lot of laughter and sadness all in one. I have much respect for her as individual and actress. Must read.
0,Tell Me No Lies is an outstanding mystery. While marketed as the first book in the Ava Logan Mystery Series, it reads as a standalone. If the author Lynn Chandler Willis has more adventures in mind for the main character Ava, I am excited at the prospect.		A woman is brutally murdered as Ava Logan, a widowed mother of two, babysits her adorable toddler, Ivy. Who would murder this beautiful, young artist and why? Representing law enforcement, handsome Sheriff Grayson Ridge, and Ava, small town newspaper publisher, pursue their independent and joint investigations into these questions.		With a very effective gossip machine, many in Jackson Creek, North Carolina, wonder why the small town even needs a newspaper. The mystery plays out with continuing danger, various potential suspects, a heated sheriff election, Ginseng poaching, speculation of abuse, and romantic intrigue.		Tell Me No Lies is a hard book to put down.  It will keep you engaged until the very end--an ending you won't expect.  Willis has won several awards for previous books. I anticipate this one will add to her accolades.		I would like to extend my thanks to netgalley.com and to Henery Press for giving me the opportunity to read this book in exchange for an honest review.
0,Sweet romance
0,Clearly written instructions & pictures of a nice variety of tops, shawls, scarves. Very current, elegant fashions. Not for the beginner.
0,Good price & quick shipping!
0,Trying to get students into primary sources can be challenging, but very rewarding.  This is an AWESOME primary source but the author did not write for a typical 8th US History student, so a teacher needs to keep a close eye on their students, even the brilliant ones when using this resource. There is nothing like watching your student dive into the history "RAW" and drawing their own conclusions!
0,Sourcery did not disappoint! A most enjoyable read. Love that the librarian is featured a little more in the book.
0,Kalila Smith has out done herself with this book! It is an easy read, I actually read it in a few nights. Kailia shares her experiences as well as others and gives the protcol for how to act in NOLA as a visitor.
0,Lovely collection of poems presented in a very nice book.  I leave my poetry books out and have several from this publisher on my coffee table.  My friends tend to read them when they come over, as well.  I also bought several for my niece and nephew.  They enjoyed them, as well.
0,A nice continuation of the First Contact book. Decent hard sci-fi, interesting space & ground battles, good characterizations. Mr. Hicks hooked me with his free copy of the first part book of this trilogy, and I bought this, and book 3 as well.		Buy the Kindle version, you won't be sorry.
0,Great writer. Great story. No smut. Some graphic violence. Little vulgarity. An addicting read.
0,Portrays the role of the high born lady in medieval society.  She is not much more than a pawn in the power struggle of men.  Well researched and excellently written (as ever).  This was an interesting character to portray.
0,The Physics of the Future is a wonderful survey of every aspect of future technology, viewed in sequence from 30 years out, 70 years out, and 100 years out. I found it to be wholly engaging despite the fact that Kaku is clearly more a physicist than he is a writer.		Some of the different kinds of technologies that he explores will be familiar to those who have done any investigation into coming technologies (LED wallpaper, contact lens computers, space ladders, replicators), and some will be foreign, especially for those not on the forefront of genetic and biological science (nanotech surgery, genetic engineering).		The most fascinating aspect of thinking about future technology is considering how it will affect, not our daily lives, but our culture as a whole. Here, Kaku does an admirable job in at least proposing possible consequences of our findings. Throughout the survey, he references Greek mythology to show just how close we have come to actually living like the gods of ancient times. It is a theme that could possibly be the most striking theme of our age.		What happens when we can dictate what physical features our offspring will be like? What are the political and social consequences of the replicator, a technology that basically can produce anything we program it to produce, effectively eliminating scarcity? What does it mean to be in the last generation to die?		These questions and others are all posed in the book, and Maku does a fine job at addressing them. The reader will forgive him for speculative history (in his treatment of the rise of the West, which is amateur at best), and will also forgive his inconsistency when it comes to the moral consequences of certain technological advances (at times he praises birth control, then fears it will ruin countries like Japan). The real prize is in the open door Maku presents to the possibilities of the future.		In the end, Maku plays it safe in his predictions. He explores life-changing technologies, but then downplays the possibility that they will come about any time soon. This is interesting considering the fact that he rightly notes the number of thinkers and pundits that were similarly skeptical in the past and turned out to be wildly wrong. There are an equal number of enthusiasts who were overly sanguine and turned out to be wrong as well.		At least this reader is content thinking about all the possibilities, and Physics of the Future is a great launch pad for such an exercise.
0,L'Amour knows
0,I'd buy this book again just for the biscuit recipe. I've made a lot of biscuits and gotten good reviews from my dinner guest but... The recipe in this book is the best I've ever used. I didn't even have the proper flour on hand so I just used the method that's in the book. I can't wait to prepare these with the proper flour for guests		I also use the methods in Reinhart's book mixed with the five minute bread book. The transposing of the formulas is a little difficult but Reinhart's book helps making good artisan bread a little better. I find the very wet dough method used in the 5 minute bread book tasty but the shape is not always what I want. The form of the Reinhart bread and the not so wet dough works really well. Beautiful and tasty.
0,Substitute Ebola for Smallpox and this book could be written about what is happening today.  Good, interesting read.
0,My third read or fourth and the book is a a fresh as the first time I read it.  Absolutely the best novel of the Cold War.  Ever
0,Hysterical! I love the characters, the town, the excitement. This promises to be an amusing series, I look forward to more!
0,Can't wait to start
0,If you are feeling stuck, read this book. If you are letting fear and writer's block get in the way of sitting down and writing, read this book. If you are looking for a push to get you creating again, you should read this book. If you just aren't sure why you should create ever again, because the effort seems fruitless, read this book :)
0,Good Product, Service and Delivery Thanks !!!
0,His mom Angela was so happy with this collection.  She plays one or two a day!  It helps him sleep and makes him learn to Love our Savior Jesus Christ by treating everyone with love and understanding.  Thanks for making my gift something that is being cherished by my loving daughter.  Pam
0,There's a lot to Everything Everything all rolled up into a quick, read in one sitting kind of book. Madeline has spent all her life being raised in her allergy-free, chemical-free, people-free household because she is allergic to the world. One day Olly and his family move in next door and now Madeline has one more thing to do from her window, stalk the family and make lists of their coming and going. Olly and Madeline develop a sweet friendship thanks to her nurse Carla who lets Olly sneak into see Madeline. I thought Madeline's mom acted very un-mom like when she got so upset about Olly and Madeline's friendship because I'm a mom and yes you want your kids to be healthy but you also want to see them happy and Olly made Madeline happy. I did not see early on why her mom could not understand. Carla was the best but I think she should have spoken up sooner about her concerns, she is a nurse after all. More can be said but I don't want to give away the plot but this has it all, first love, fear, heartache, abuse, family bonds, friendship, discovery and trust.
0,homeschool awesomeness!
0,There are a few book with concepts I feel are important enough to say must read with and this is one of those books. Some people say Christianity doesn't work well this book shows you the opposite. Christianity, trusting in Jesus and His Word does work.
0,The Braddock-Black family saga, started in book 1 with its matriarch Jon Hazard Black; a Native American chief, Harvard educated attorney, rich and successful business man/land & mine owner, gorgeous and sexy playboy meeting the beyond rich heiress Blaze Braddock. Together they have amassed fortune and power, equally respected AND hated and so their story continues with the next generation.		Please note I do NOT agree with reading books in order set forth by Publisher. I would read, book 3 (Silver Flame) after reading book 1. The reason for that is two-fold; For one it is the chronological order and secondly a very important side character in Silver Flame becomes the hero in Forbidden (book 2). This is the order I suggest:		1. Blaze - Hazard's and Blaze's - year 1865	2. Silver Flame - Trey's and Empress' story (son of book 1) - year 1889	3. Forbidden - Etienne's and Daisy's story (book 1's illegitimate daughter prior to marriage) - year 1891	4. Brazen - Kit's and Angela's story (half-brother of book 1) - year 1896 [not reviewed]	5. Force of Nature - Flynn's and Jo's story (book 1's illegitimate daughter prior to marriage) [not reviewed]		FORBIDDEN (Book 2, should be read 3rd)		Hero: Etienne Martel, Duc de Vec/French/39 years old/lord-blue blood-attorney-playboy/$$$/married/black hair/green eyes	Heroine: Daisy Black/Absarokee Indian/29 years old/attorney/$$$$/black hair/black eyes		We first met Etienne Martel, Duc de Vec in Silver Flame.  He is the most celebrated lover in all of Paris; he is a beyond handsome, rich, successful playboy (man whore) and he is very much married, though a marriage of convenience.		Daisy is Jon Hazard Black's illegitimate daughter and Trey's older half-sister.  She is smart, strong, fiercely independent and sexually liberated.  She has travelled to Paris to represent Trey and Empress' family legacy.  She encounters the enigmatic and charming Etienne, Duc de Vec and they have lust at first sight.  Scorching sex (including sex toys) embarks them on a journey leading to a deep and profound love.  But it's year 1891 and Etienne has a vindictive wife who is not prepared to give up her social; status.  Money, power, status and much more are at stake.  Strap on your seatbelt this is one roller-coaster ride you wouldn't want to miss.		Unforgettable characters, scorching sex and captivating storytelling.  Susan Johnson at her best!		QUOTES:	"You Mademoiselle are hardly in a position to remonstrate.  The entire world has no doubt been at your feet from the cradle."	"Would you care to join them?"  She was teasing but testing her powers too in a feminine display of vanity.	She was too perfect he thought, as she stood provocatively nude before him, too exotic, too tempting, too assured of her extravagant beauty.  "Perhaps some other time," his gaze having shuttered slightly, the familiar sardonic half-lidded gaze of the Duc de Vec once again regarding her..."		Another note-worthy and for my utterly charming characteristics about Etienne is his use of Majestic Plural (Royal we):	"Well, thank you, ma'am," he said still breathing hard, his heated body sleek with sweat, his smile angelic.  "We ... try."		***	Hero rating: 5 stars	Heroine rating: 4.5 stars	Sex scenes rating: 5 stars	Sex scenes frequency: 5 stars	Storyline concept rating: 4.5 stars	Storytelling skills rating: 5 stars	Story ending rating: 5 stars	******************************	Overall rating: 5 stars		Would I recommend this series: Yes.	Would I re-read this series: Yes.	Would I read future books by this author: Yes.
0,This was a well-thought out story of faith. Even though the survivor suffered through numerous tragedies, her faith has led her to be a resilient survivor. There are such poignant events in this story that I believe many of us can relate to. It's heartwarming to see others survive and then put pen to paper to let others know what has helped this very strong and faithful woman to become so resilient.
0,THE SEA IN ALL ITS GLORY  BOTH BOOKS ARE SO GREAT  I REALLY WANT TO GET THE LARGE PENCIL SET  I ONLY HAVE SMALL SET NOW
0,I read A LOT--several books a week.  This one was unusual, well written, with a unique story line.  I recommend it.
0,It reads like a series of short stories rather than a novel. Good exploration of morals and ethics. I enjoyed it by the end.
0,The Dowry of miss Lydia Clark is very good and I recommend it in addition to the others Chronicle books. Begin with the first one and read all of them.
0,I loved both Felicity and Demon from the start. Demon, like his brother and his cousins before him, has no need of a wife and no intention of losing his heart to a woman. Felicity, like her own predecessors, is a strong and independent woman who won't meekly bow down to any man and can hold her own with the best of them. Demon owns a stable of racehorses, and is quite impressed with Felicity's riding skills and knowledge of horses. I think that was part of the charm of the book for me in the beginning, all the horse talk. Yes, I was one of those teenage girls who loved horses above all else, especially racehorses. I even dreamed of being a jockey for a couple of years.		The mystery this time around involves a race fixing syndicate that Felicity and Demon begin investigating after Dillon, Felicity's guardian's son, gets involved with them and then goes into hiding. (It seems that orphaned heroines with either a guardian or a brother is a theme with Laurens' heroines). To Dillon's continual frustration, not to mention that of his right hand man, Gillies, Felicity is constantly bolting off on her own and putting herself either in danger or in socially inappropriate situations. The syndicate plot kept my interest non-stop, and watching Demon and Felicity fall for each other along the way was almost like a bonus. Especially watching Demon. Once he realized he wanted to marry Felicity, he was relentless. But like all the Cynster men, he was also arrogant and overbearing and incapable of admitting his feelings, other than the lusty ones, and Felicity was determined that she would only marry him if and when he truly loved her.		Part of the book is set in the relaxed country, where Demon and Felicity are able to spend time riding together or driving into town without her needing to be chaperoned, and part of it is set in the city, where social proprieties must be observed, and I loved seeing the contrast between those two worlds.		This entry in the series was more fun than the previous books, so much so that I didn't even notice  most of the time  the flowery superfluous writing and the author's habit of never using five words when ten are available.
0,because of a teacher.		because of a snowball.		because of a diverse class of fifth graders.		love and forgiveness are taught,		because of mr. terupt.		It's a book for students.		It's a book for teachers.		It's a book for anyone who's ever had that special teacher who changed his life.
0,great pictures & the recipes sound good. wish there were a few more reviews in each state. we full-time RV & this is a fun addition as we travel the southern states.
0,I'm a huge Agatha Christie fan, and I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book.  When I first read through her mysteries I preferred Poirot, but after watching the Miss Marple movies with Joan Hickson I find that I like her sleuths equally well.  I appreciate Miss Marple's insistence that people share the same traits, whether you find them in an English village or a large town, a maxim with truth in it, though people are also endlessly different. Christie draws unique characters and this complex plot allows us to see some depth in them as well. The sub plot with Miss Marple's older caretaker and young house maid added warmth and amusement as well as a look at the perils of old age.
0,This is a great book in that it has the upright and the reversed explanation for each card.  I have several Tarot books and this is one of my "go to" books, when ever I am studying or practicing.
0,I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE this series, it is now in my top 5. I refer it to everyone these days.
0,This ol' dude can really tell a story. He takes a few letters and scraps of his boyhood memories and tells us a story.  I wish I could tell my memories like he does. **sigh**
0,This was a fun read although the names of places were a bit confusing for me as I have returned to Sullivan's Island and Isle of Palms many summers, and felt I needed a new geography lesson--my problem, not the author's.  I want more of Liz Talbot and the Low  Country setting. Yea, a new series I hope.
0,Marshal, he is known as the Castoff. He is an outcast in his little home town. He is a beast of a man with an attitude to match especially when it comes to his daughter. Sadie is a sweet girl. She has come home to help her family with her mother. She soon finds she wants a little freedom and in order to do that she needs money. She goes to apply to a job for a Nanny. The only problem it is for the man that her brother hates, Marshal.	I really enjoyed this story. Marshal is a harsh man, but he is such a good daddy. And the way he treats Sadie, once his brain will allow him to care for her was so sweet. Marshal is battling some demons and it takes him awhile to come to grips with them but in the end after the drama and another fight with Sadie's brother, the two of them come together with Mia to become a great family. This was one of my favorites stories
0,I liked this story but did not love it.  The ending was somewhat unexpected but I would have liked a strong ending.
0,This is one of Somerset Maugham's great books.  I've read many of his books and this is the top of the list. It is one of those books you find difficult to put down.
0,S. is the story of Sarah Worth, a New England matron who flees the confines of midcentury feminine affluence to seek spiritual (and sexual) enlightenment in a religious commune.  She chronicles her adventure in letters to her best friend, daughter, and estranged husband, as well as short notes to her former dentist and hairdresser, tapes of conversations with the commune's leader, and a selection of the letters she writes on behalf of the commune's business office.  The story unfolds briskly and subtely, with Updike employing his satirical skill to show a woman who, in leaving her life behind, manages to take it all with her.	A benefit of the letter format is that it allows a full exploration of the narrator's voice, to excellent effect.  It also suppresses Updike's tendency to rely too heavily on his (excellent) descriptive language and instroduces an element of suspense that makes the story quite absorbing.	S. has been criticized by other reviewers for its perceived mockery of Eastern religions, but I don't think this is intended.  Updike has obviously done extensive research - if not into Eastern religions themselves, then at least into their Western offshoots - and presents the characters with what, for him, is considerable sympathy.  Of course he mocks the narrator's blind devotion to the commune - that's part of what the book is about - but he's mocking the misdirection of her efforts, not the ideals to which she aspires.	The one element of the book that frustrated me was Updike's treatment of his narrator.  Sure, it's fun to read a book about an arrogant and slightly hysterical woman who is always just slightly out of her league - a Bridget Jones for our mothers' generation.  But it would perhaps be more interesting to watch a character really grow through the course of the novel and transcend, or at least recognize, her own bias.  Of course that kind of revelatory change would be anathema to Updike, whose thesis - popping up, appropriately, in book after book - seems to be that life is a cycle, endlessly revolving, lush with beauty and without escape.  And this book is - first and foremost, like all his books - Updike.
0,Very enjoyable and easy to read, didn't want tkb put it down.  I have read 3 of her books and each story was different and really good.
0,I loved this story of three sisters who all decide to get married at the same time and the mom who will do anything to hold it all together. Jamie Brenner has written a book that is funny (something I cannot do!), heartwarming and unpredictable at the same time -- think Emily Giffin meets Jennifer Weiner. Enjoy!
0,Very detailed.  Went too deep into subjects to be an everyday reference for me.  I will definately keep the book for those times I need a lot of information.
0,Remember watching Star Trek for the first time? Or Star Wars?		Back before infinite special-effects budgets, when actual actors brushed dirt off their clothes when they fell down.		I wanted to join Star Fleet, even if it meant wearing a red shirt. I wanted to fly the Millennium Falcon, even if it meant being on the edge of broke or running scared once in a while. Still do.		This is how _Tom Paine Maru_ feels to me. Real people, doing stuff I can see myself doing in their place.		Not just see myself doing, the world (multiverse?) Smith has put together is one I would jump into with both feet without hesitation if the opportunity came up.
0,I ENJOY these books and always look forward to Pratt' s next one as I'm never disappointed. I so appreciate an author who can write a good story and develop interesting characters using descriptive language that doesn't include mindless curse words. Bravo, Mr. Pratt.
0,Good read
0,Marianne Williamson always gives me something deep and relevant to think about. She is an absolute treasure, and so is this book. Highly recommended.
0,All the whys & hows from womb-to-tomb, answered. Profound truths apply to all no matter your beliefs. Just what the mind-body-spirit needs
0,"Whose Body" is Dorothy L. Sayers' first work of detective fiction which introduced that inimitable amateur sleuth Lord Peter Wimsey.  While not her finest crafted mystery, this introduction to her unique character offers readers who may be familiar with her better and later mysteries some important background into Sayers' hero.  The novel begins with a fantastic setup but the mystery is too soon solved long before the finishing touches are put on the novel.  Still it is an enjoyable romp through a vicious crime by an admirable detective.		When a naked dead body is found in the bathtub of Mr. Thipps, an architect by trade, the little man and indeed the police cannot account for its presence.  Lord Peter Wimsey involves himself with the case, since he is on friendly terms with the Thipps, much to the chagrin of the lead officer, and finds certain facts odd.  For instance, the corpse had on a pair of pince-nez that definitely did not fit his eyes, he had been shaved after death and made to look like a wealthy, well-fed man but with a few telltale bad habits.  When Inspector Parker arrives on the scene, he is hopeful that the corpse is that of Reuben Levy, a missing businessman.  It turns out the corpse is not Levy, but that doesn't mean that the two mysteries are unconnected.  Lord Peter is certain they are connected and much to Inspector Parker's amazement, Lord Peter discovers the connection between the two and the one guilty party who could have committed such an ingenious and attrocious crime.		"Whose Body?" is an interesting read, especially for fans who have read other Lord Peter Wimsey mysteries.  I myself prefer the five or six that feature a very Dorothy L. Sayers-like Harriet Vane, but I enjoyed the background information about Wimsey's time in the war that crops up in this his first introduction to the detective world.  Once Wimsey knows who the murderer is, and the reader does too at that point, there is still a lot of the novel left; while reading about how exactly the crime was committed is interesting, it also seems somewhat of a letdown after such a unique premise.  Still for fans of Wimsey and Sayers, reading "Whose Body?" is a must, even if it is not on par with some of the others in the series.
0,This is a poignant and earthy memoir of a man beloved by his family and friends as much as by his countless thousands of fans the world over.  James Wight, son of the famous "James Herriot", does an admirable job of filling in the often less than idyllic real-world background for an idyllic life and phenomenal literary success, without spoiling the effect of a humble, sensitive, and rewarding life. James Herriot often averred that he was 99% vet, and 1% writer, but he was 100% human, and beloved for his warmth and concern for all creatures great and small. I thoroughly enjoyed this book as an insightful and readable account of the Yorkshire vet known the world over, and find it a fitting conclusion to the Herriot stories.  How pleasant to think that it might also be the beginning of a literary career for yet another "Herriot", as James Wight's aptitude with the written word moves the account along admirably, and does his father proud.
0,Great guide for a Grand Canyon trip. You can follow where you are (especially campsite locations) and it provides lots of useful background and reference information on the history, geology, flora and fauna of the canyon. Beware of the rapid ratings, I did not find them particularly accurate.
0,Great book.  As expected,  great inspiration for the movie.  Great visual work as. Well.  A major turning point for iron man
0,I've always been intrigued by the lines etched in my palms. I've bought two other books in this "Bible; Definitive Guide" Series and loved them. I looked at this book several times in the store before I finally decided to buy it. Once I got it home, I couldn't wait to dive in and find out the meanings behind the lines.		After spending time with this and going back over and studying it, I think it's very informative, the pictures are easy to understand and very helpful. While it does contain a good bit of basic information, it also gives you an excellent overview and starting point on this subject. Palmistry seems like a very broad subject and I do have more questions than this book alone answers. Obviously, it cannot cover it all, but it was a great introduction for me. This is a good reference book to have on Palmistry. As with all of these 'Bible; Definitive Guides,' I do think it's a great value for the amount of information and illustrations it contains.		I didn't buy this in the hopes of becoming a professional at this, or even reading for others. Although, I would think it would be an extremely interesting career. I'm just curious by nature and have always wondered what secrets and stories these lines contain and could reveal.
0,Peter Leithart, in his latest installment in the Christian Encounters Series, "Fyodor Dostoevsky," brings us another compelling and fascinating biographical sketch of an important Christian writer. The first praise that I have for this small volume is its presentation: Leithart on Dostoevsky on Dostoevsky. The book presents the biographee as his own biographer, an intriguing and entertaining approach to telling a life story. The setting is Dostoevsky's study, Fyodor himself is an aged man, and is recounting his life to an old friend.		Dostoevsky's life was one of literary and political battles. Almost perishing on multiple occasions due to his flirting with anarchism earlier in life, he later came to the position of what might be called Russian Purism. Leithart doesn't get too in-depth here, but he emphasizes Dostoevsky's holistic approach to culture: anti-Western, very Russian and very Christian. A true and honest Russian identity is what Dostoevsky was after, one that did not need the help of European nations to find its own unique offerings to the world.		Although he spent his early life chasing youthful lusts and squandering his money gambling, Dostoevsky matured into a man dedicated to his wife Anna and loyal to his family, despite their constant money-grabbing. I recommend this biography, and my thanks to Thomas Nelson for the complimentary review copy.
0,Yet another masterpiece, by M.R. Polish! I felt the entire book as if I was there.... as if I, myself, were Karis. Great story, great writing, great characters and great adventure. Ready and waiting for more!
0,A must have for anyone interested in writing poems and such. Its also great for word games.  I would recommend this book,
0,Love this book!!  Full of great info and the BEST vegan recipes!!
0,Twists and turns keep the the reader guessing. Characters rich with detail. Three cheers for Hero. The woman who more than keeps her own identity and yet meets the needs of Sebastian as he fights inner and outer demons.
0,Every reading moves my soul.
0,I have been a fan of Nancy Allen since her first book in the Ozark Mystery series...A Code of the Hills. She is an excellent writer who understands the court system first hand. And she is a realist. And James Patterson obviously noticed what a great author she is as well because she is his latest co-author. Already looking forward to that book.		The Wages of Sin is the third book in the Ozarks Mystery series. And it is another winner from Ms. Allen. It has some fabulous twists and turns at the end that left me breathless as I was racing toward the conclusion!		Elsie Arnold is a smart lawyer who does not take any crap from anyone. And author Allen has surrounded her with an interesting cast of characters including her boss Madeleine and boyfriend Detective Ashlock. All of the characters were fleshed out more in this latest book and they are all very multidimensional. I found that I was much more sympathetic to all of them. And my heart broke for the tiny victim Ivy...what a horrid life she had endured. And was continuing to endure.		The Ozarks drug and poverty issues are once again front and center in this latest book from Nancy Allen. She had a front seat view during her time as an Assistant Prosecutor and as the Assistant Missouri Attorney General. I feel like I am right there in the midst of the action.		The Wages of Sin is a great read and I highly recommend the Ozarks Mystery series by author Nancy Allen.
0,This is a wonderful way to get familiar with the Books of Enoch.  There are three versions out there, the Ethiopian, the Slavonic, and the Hebrew.  Each one is different in both style and message.  This edition is very adept at explaining the similarities and differences and putting everything in context!
0,Absolutely loved it!!! Read it with our book club here in Titusville and have heard from others that their reaction was like mine: It's a gem and a wonderful book full of great humor
0,Nice story, good holiday read!! Makes you feel good and believe in angels and Christmas miracles! Merry Christmas and happy New Year!!
0,A very interesting series.  This second in the series was just a little off from book 1.  There were a few areas that seemed a little too wordy, but the story line itself was very intriguing.
0,Good read ending could have had more drama to it. Jack is the man . I will be reading more . Cannot wait for Tom Cruise new Jack Reacher movie.
0,THE NARRATOR IS EXCELLENT- LOVE THIS SERIES
0,Another great story. I didn't think it would keep me intrigued but it did. Diana has done a fantastic job again. Cant wait for the next.
0,Beautifully written. The author focuses more on Jackie's mother, Janet, who lived a life more removed from the limelight. What I really enjoyed about the book is the author's ability to illustrate the humanity of Jackie's mother. Her love of family, her desire for security, her love of nature and animals, the importance of art, and even her imperfections, weave a very human story that many wives, mothers and grandmothers will wholely understand.
0,Rushing to uncover the next mystery, I COULD NOT put this book down. VanderMeer's prose is tight and perfectly-paced and the world he builds is truly spectacular and spooky.
0,I really liked the idea behind this book. Shelby needed to learn to trust men, give that her father was a real B***, and Aidan needed to see women as more than one night stands. What started out as issues with their fathers, they both realized that it was something else that was really the problem. Nice seeing two people working to really getting know each other rather than jumping in bed after two or three dates. I liked that swapping of girl things and boy things! I liked all the babies! I have said it every time I read a Fool's Gold book, I would like to live there
0,Gift .
0,this is the third in the series with Maggie and Liss. It was the best one so far.	It had alot of interesting history and facts in the book too about the Amish and some of the customs.	This one starts off, maggie and her boss go to an auction. At the auction is a beautiful Armoire, and they bid on it.	They do not win, but the young amish man that carved the peice is an interesting sort. Maggie overhears a conversation between the man and his wife, and the mystery deepens.,	Later, that man is found killed on a lonely stretch of highway.	The amish mourn the loss of their brother, and maggie sticks her nose in the middle.	Mysteries and Hex signs abound.	What do they mean? Are they Satanic or harmless?	Maggies love life also takes an interesting turn in this story and she stands up to officer tom and tells him about her gift. She also finds out Marcus is not Liss' boyfriend, and Marcus is interested in Maggie.	Interesting developments.	 (she needs to choose the hottie and not the police officer..)
0,The subtitle of the book says it all and this book fulfills its promise.  In this anthology, writers talk about their most personal experiences of themselves as sexual beings: the gender they feel they are-sometimes in contrast to their physical bodies, what sexual experiences feel in synch with their arousal, and how each of these are changeable over the course of a lifetime.	None of the authors fit the general expectation of lesbian, gay, bi, or transgendered.  If a self-identified lesbian and a gay man are partnered sexually, how do they then define themselves?  Why are bisexuals so often discriminated against by gays and lesbians as well as by the general public?  And in terms of being part of a community, how do others label them?	Understanding the fluidity of desire and identity can reveal these mysteries, which challenge the queer community as well as mainstream folks who worry about how children will be raised and what makes a family.	"PoMo" refers to postmodern as the editors articulate so well on page 21 "Postmodern thought invites us to get used to the Zen notion of "multiple subjectivies" ---the idea that there is no solid, objective reality, that each of us experiences our reality subjectively affected (or influenced) by our unique circumstances.  This mode of thought encourages overlapping and sometimes contradictory realities, a life of investigation and questioning as opposed to essentialism's quest for the One Truth, the innate quality, indubitable facts on a silver platter, the answer to everything."	Each essay is honest, thoughtful, and very well written.  I enjoyed this book more than I would have guessed and look forward to reading other work by the individual authors.	~~Joan Mazza, author of DREAM BACK YOUR LIFE; WHO'S CRAZY ANYWAY; THINGS THAT TICK ME OFF; and EXPLORING YOUR SEXUAL SELF, A GUIDED JOURNAL (May 2001).
0,Halperin and Heilemann don't disappoint. I had high expectations after reading Game Change 4 years ago, and was concerned the remake wouldn't measure up. It does. That's all the needs to be said.
0,Clearly holds your attention!
0,Block & Parris did a great job organizing the information for teachers who yearn to teach comprehension more effectively.  They write about their projection for students in the future through the increased use of technology also.
0,I thought this was going to a typical contemporary romance.  It was that and so much more.  There are great characters and an unusual plot for a do over book.  I'd tell you more but it would ruin the book for you.  I loved this book!
0,Great series.
0,Wonderful narrator.  Nice sounding voice,  no breathing noises, has a good variety of voices.  some don't even sound like her.		One sex scene no details shown.		I like reading about books, the bookstore, the book industry, and authors.		Heroine is depressed about her huge student loan debt.  Her loans are paid off and she gets $100,000 if she will be a spy on Bruce Cable the bookstore owner.		I felt good about the ending.
0,I read Carrie Ryan's The Forest of Hands and Teeth years ago and I absolutely LOVED it! It was creepy, engaging, and one of my favorite books I read that year. However, I never picked up any of the other books in that series because I was afraid that they would disappoint (as the sophomore slump is a real thing). That then branched off to Daughter of Deep Silence. I wasn't planning on reading this book anytime soon, but then I had a chance to grab an ARC and thought that maybe I should give it a try and see if I would love it as much as I did The Forest of Hands and Teeth. I didn't, but Daughter of Deep Silence was a pretty great read anyway.		I was apprehensive while reading the first couple of chapters of this book. I thought that it would have the typical cliche YA tropes. I saw a new guy and immediately thought "Great. There's the start of a love triangle." I read about Frances' love of Gray and thought "Great...Insta-love." But the great thing about Daughter of Deep Silence is that you think it's coming, but it never does (or if it does, it's kind of excusable). So, no YA checklist here and I loved that about this book.		Another great thing about Daughter of Deep Silence was how blood-thirsty Libby/Frances was. I had worried that she would be all revenge, but then turn meek and annoying once she saw Gray and his swoon-worthy eyes again, but that didn't happen. For the most part, she remained strong throughout. And when she did show weaker moments, it was a clear distinction in that it was past-Frances who was having those moments and wanting to break out and not the revenge-driven "new" Libby who had tried to put all of that behind her. In fact, I was awed at how well-done this aspect was. The dichotomy of Libby's/Frances' personality about old Frances wanted to scream and get out yet Libby keeping a tight leash on her in order to put her plans in to motion was the most fascinating aspect of Daughter of Deep Silence.		The romance is this book was okay, which is high compliment coming from someone like me, who tends to be annoyed by romance in YA books, in general. Gray was also okay. I didn't find him annoying at all (which is another compliment). I absolutely LOVED Shepherd, though. I wanted so much more of him. In fact, most of the supporting characters were really well-done...even the insignificant ones like Morales.		The reason that Daughter of Deep Silence is getting four stars instead of five is that I found the motive behind the Persephone's attack to be extremely anti-climactic. When I read the motive I thought, "That's it? Really?" I guess I just wanted something more explosive since this book seems to be going that way. But then, it becomes a slight bust because of the motive.		Overall, I really liked Daughter of Deep Silence. It was an extreme page-turner, it wasn't horribly cliche, and I was a big fan of the ending. This one is highly recommended and it's actually encouraged me to finish reading The Forest of Hands and Teeth series. Bravo.
0,If you like any of the Hornblower series, this one will not disappoint you. I loved this volume as much as the rest. My only regret is, at volume 8,  I am so close to finishing the series
0,This is the first book in the "Stage Dive" series and the story of David and Evelyn.		Evelyn is a good girl having a wild night in Vegas celebrating her 21st birthday. She never thought she could veer off the perfect plan her dad had for her future but after too many Tequilas and an encounter with a sexy man will have her throwing all plans out the window and she starts following her heart. So when she wakes up hungover and married to a sexy rock star and no memory of it she starts freaking out. After a rough start to their relationship David completely steals her heart. But can she really fit into his life? Will he ever trust her? She feels out of place and after all the secrets and lies, she's about to give up the only man she's ever loved after he brakes her heart and trust.		David is the guitarist of Stage Dive and after a really long time of the same things he's feeling stuck. He's tired of the lifestyle, the parties, the girls, and mostly the emptiness he feels inside. So when he meets Evelyn he takes her out of the club and spends the night getting to know this woman that has him enthralled. After realizing she's everything he's ever wanted he doesn't want to let go of her so they get married. But when she wakes up with no recollection of their wonderful night together he's hurt and pissed. He's not going to give up though, he'll do whatever it takes to keep her. So when all hell breaks loose will he loose the woman he loves forever? Will he ever be able to tell her how he feels? Or is he too late to make things right?		A great story of two people from different worlds that are unlikely to ever meet yet they end up married and eventually fall in love. It was awesome to see them going through all their issues and work things out. Loved how their relationship developed and grew stronger. A great book overall! I can't wait for the next one!
0,Book one was intriuing, book two is a great continuation with a twist! Did Kat's Father fie out over the sea?	Kat rushes off to save her brother, TJ,  with old friend Jake. Lots of twists and turns. What did Kat see in the lightning?	Looking forward to book three!
0,Great release for the  stress of todays world.  A way to deal with the truth of human beings in a safe way.  I admire the courage  of a few real people. tje writing is about real experience, skill and courage of the behind the scenes truth. Gives one hope for the future. This applies to all  his  books.
0,Wonderfully written account of a life well lived in a not so welcoming place.  It is amazing that the family not only survived but thrived in an unspoiled wilderness.  A true testament to the human spirit.
0,Loved these stress reliever. Thanks for fast shipping
0,This book is addictive!  Even after my third read, I could not put it down.  Sheldon was an amazing author.
0,Another good Hangman' s Tale. Found this one just as interesting as all the ones before.
0,Fermented food has been eaten for ages, and we're beginning to understand that traditional foods are much more healthful than our industrial food.
0,Loved the storyline, but I felt it was rushed at the end.  Other than that, I thought it was well written and engaging.  Just the right amount of hotness for me to!
0,I have read Vincent Versace's Welcome to Oz and have now read Welcome to Oz 2. Well Done Vincent!! This version takes you further into Vincent's belief that it is the Print that is all.	He mentions how the eye travels within the image/print and he then goes into minute detail on how to accomplish this. Along the way, there are important discussions on various factors, These include image taking, image harvesting, depth of field, light, color and gesture. In addition, there are several terrific plugins that are included free.		As mentioned in another review, I would also recommend the DVD's that are available from Acme Educational. There is one for Welcome to Oz 2 so whether it is easier to learn via reading or viewing, both modalities are available to the end user. I would highly recommend the book and the DVD. In short, Vincent has again contributed something unique to our understanding of image making. Well Done!
0,I loved it! It was funny and Meg always makes it funnier. I love how Lacy and Anthony got a little surprise. It was the best one yet
0,Much has been written about the cultural impact of the European discovery of America. 1493, however, describes some of the environmental impacts, as two separate world became connected, with the crossing of plants, animals, and even bacteria from one part of the world to the next. A fascinating account.
0,This series is so fast-paced and easy to read that I read all 5 books in two days. I don't think that's a bad thing since I really needed a break in all the dark, gory books I've been reading lately.	My only complaint is I wish they had a book for the in between years. I think that Iraq would have been way more exciting then anything we've read, especially since it caused Jess to lose her ability to find missing people. And the fourth book ended with Jess introducing Rob to her parents as her boyfriend, and then in the begining of this they aren't even together? It was a little bit disappointing.	I love the ending. I cant say anything without spoiling it, other than I loved it.
0,Intense and exciting, I enjoyed it very much and can't wait till the next one in the series. I recommend this book. This author has another series that is also good.
0,Desiree is one tough cookie. She subscribes to the theory that Girls Just Want to Have Fun. And fun she has until her indiscretions land her directly into the role of Single Mom. Best friend, Aimee, is always coming to her rescue and continues to do so as long as needed.		Aimee is a constant positive influence in Desiree's life, gently demonstrating God's love and mercy. Desiree's absent father and emotionally/geographically distant mother have left her cold and disinterested in what God has to offer. She's been looking for love in way too many wrong places.		Just when Desiree thinks all of her problems are solved by marrying Sergio, her troubles are just beginning. She has no idea how twisted he actually is.		This book certainly held my interest straight through to the very emotional ending. It is a story of friendship, love, spiritual need, compassion for others, and a reminder that our blood family members are not chosen by us, and we may not agree with their choices--but we love them in spite of differences and need to show them grace. Not one of us knows when we will be called Home, so don't waste time on bitterness and lack of forgiveness.		Looking forward to more from this author!
0,It was for an English class overall the book was wonderful. Love the ending and can't wait for my next purchase.
0,I can't write a full review as I am only half way through the book.  I do like Nick Ortner's style of writing as you feel like he is talking directly at his audience and seems like a compassionate person who feels very strongly about EFT.  A lot of research seems to have been put into this book, a lot of information.		I have been practicing the tapping techniques.  I feel better after doing some rounds but no, have not found it has "cured" my issues.  So I am a little discouraged.  However, I will continue the process and see what happens.  I have tried to research EFT practitioners in my area that may be of support in this process.  I have had not luck in finding a qualified person.  I reside in R.I.
0,What a good book
0,Hope there will be more of these, truly enjoyed meeting the new characters. The whole RED team concept was interesting
0,It was very well written and it had a surprise or two in it. I am glad the author was blessed with such an imagination. Its along the lines of Francine Rivers fiction. I just love this genre of books.
0,What is important to me as a reader is to engage with the characters and the story, and often that means I have to have some kind of emotion about the characters and what is happening to them. Within the first two pages of All The What Ifs I experienced strong emotions about the lead character, Ashley and how she was being treated by her family, in particular her mother and father, and from that point on I was hooked. I shared her joy of new found friendship; her fear when making hard decisions and confronting situations, and her excitement as she fell in love for the first time. And despite there being no fairy tale ending, I felt the story was complete and gave me everything I wanted. What a ride! I cant wait for Angela Lynns next book!
0,An intriguing psychological thriller that makes you question who really is the good guy and who is unsavoury?? Well worth a read. 4**** from me.		It was well written but after a promising start, I found that I didn't like any of the characters. I found Lock Gilkenny rather flawed - so desperate for a family he would lose his integrity on a case, Natalie unsettling (later manipulative) and the other characters rather unpleasant (apart from Abby and one other who I won't name to avoid a spoiler).		However, nothwithstanding the above criticism, I found that the book crept up on me and swallowed me whole!! I just could NOT PUT IT DOWN!!!		Despite disliking the characters I was desperate to find out what happened. The twists and turns were a little far-fetched in places but they really kept me guessing!		My thanks to the author and his publicist for a free copy in exchange for a fair and honest review.
0,Danica believes she loves the ethereal man who was her comfort and dearest friend as a little girl and even now seems so real to her. So much so that she's compared every man to him so she thinks herself happy when Gaston tells her that he knew she would return and now that she's back, he'll not allow anyone to harm her or cause her unhappiness. But when Danica meets a new man, Paul Gaudette, the son of her neighbor and is attracted to him, Gaston doesn't like the idea of a budding relationship. He goes to desperate extremes to convince Danica that they can and will have a relationship worthy of their love. But at what cost?		THE GHOSTS OF RUE DUMAINE by Alexandrea Weis is exceptional, spellbinding, a little bit scary, and yet romantically sweet. It leaves us truly believing that we carry the love experienced in this life on into the next. Danica is fortunate to fall in love with two men who give back as much love as she gives to them. They just do it differently. Without giving away too much, I will say that Gaston, albeit a bit overbearing at times, truly loves Danica and there's more than Danica's and Paul's happily-ever-after at stake.		I highly, highly recommend this amazing story about how love transcends the planes of being and that love can be a savior on many levels. THE GHOSTS OF RUE DUMAINE by Alexandrea Weis is a must read if you're a fan of dreamy love stories with a twist, a few bumps in the night, and wonderful satisfying happily-ever-afters.		***eCopy provided by author in exchange for an honest and unscripted review.
0,Irrestible Forces is a good read. It is both funny and serious inplaces.
0,This is more about Ninja-loving toddlers or pre-schoolers than about object of their passion but it is so very sweet! It IS very short, however, so we use it to help wind down from the more elaborate super hero type books. What's great is that it's a board book, so it endures through a little boy's handling and even wanting to sleep with a book.
0,Here are the specifics for praying people into the Kingdom. Everyone should have a copy. I also have a Kindle copy for quick reference.
0,Cornwell, using almost entirely circumstantial evidence, did convince me of Sickert's guilt as the Ripper. Eventually she brought in letters, pictures drawn by him, and DNA evidence to give more credence to her theories.	What I did not like was the way she dumped me into the story with so little lead-in. It's as though the first chapter were missing. There was very little about other suspects of the time, and little to show how she latched onto Sickert as the obvious candidate. But we were suddenly there, discussing his (supposed) physical deformities and his seemingly depraved outlook on women, without so much as a thank you.	All in all, an amazing effort on her part. I just thought her theories took precendence over her literary abilities.
0,Great book.  Use it all the time.  Came in handy when I was inventorying my collection for a record in case of disaster or fire.
0,The Hobbit by JRR Tolkien is such an adventurous tale that you cant help but feel like you're actually in the story itself.  There were times that I felt like I was beside Bilbo trekking my way through Middle Earth heading towards the Mountain. Times that I could really see the dragon flying around to pillage the village below the Mountain. And Tolkien tells a story in such a way that makes you feel like you are really there, because hes such a descriptive writer.	Tolkien kept each character unique from everyone else, which is rather shocking since we see a lot of characters through The Hobbit. And a lot of these characters share about the same name; Bifur, Bofor, Fili, Kili, etc. Which at times the names being similar did cause some confusion as well as sometimes it was hard to pronounce their names as I read the novel. But Tolkien had more than one race in this work as well, and he kept them all in line. And he created a plot where they each mashed together perfectly. I don't think Ive read another book where its been done as good as it is here- nor with as many different races either. And I really enjoyed getting to see all of them come together in the end to fight the ultimate cause. They laid aside their differences because of one enemy they all had in common, which shows a lot of their character as a whole.	Id have to say there were times that I did struggle while reading this book, and its very hard for me to admit that. Despite the struggle, I ultimately enjoyed this book and plan to finish the entire series. I just find Tolkien to be over descriptive at times, and rather wordy also. To be honest, if it were any other series I would have probably put it down, but because my love for it had already blossomed before reading it I powered through.	Tolkien is truly a brilliant writer.
0,I have all of Maberry's books and I plan reading more and more as they come out. This was the series that made me aware of what a rare talent Mr. Maberry is, he has rare talents and I appreciate them.
0,Mather presents a eerily realistic world with pervasive nanotechnology and neurological devices that alter our perception and communication methods. It is both an indictment of our technology- (phone-) obsessed lives, and a view of superficial relationships enabled by social media. When one person can be in 12 places at once, they are really nowhere!		It is no shock to think that people released technologies without considering the potential implications. What if someone can "hack your reality," and convince you others are trying to kill you - and you don't know what's real?		I found this book engaging, albeit hard to follow at times. The timeline jumps around a bit, but it all comes together in the end.		Bottomline: if you want to read a science-based / neuro-thriller looking at the implications of an even-greater interconnected world, you will enjoy this book.
0,Terry and the Pirates		I have been reading and collecting Terry for a long time, I had found  some reprints of various parts of the Terry series, but I had never saw a integral reprint. As such, this is already an achievement, welcomed by all the Terry's fans.		The first thing to salute is the fact that the editor could go to the end of the task. So many, in the realm of Comics, starts an integral reprint and give up in the middle ?		The 6 volumes of the series covers the complete cycle of the adventures of Terry. The best editing  feature is that the publishing chronology is respected, that is the color Sundays pages alternate with the black and white weekly, which allows a chronological reading. Those who had only the color Sundays had problems to understand the story.		An integral edition allows to see the evolution of the characters, the style and the scenario. This implies that some volumes are not as good as others, but you have the whole thing to choose from.		I have compared the editing characteristics with several older editions :		 NBM-1992 Color Sundays,  Nostalgia1977 and the French Futuropolis-1985.		Those three chose a format of two strips per page, rather than 3 for this edition.		This choice  reduces the panel size  from a 83*70mm to 66*55mm (example comparing the same panel), a  reduction of almost a third of the surface. This is a pity, but I have to agree that the total number of volumes would have been bigger with a two strips per page option.		Print quality is excellent, the  paper quality as well, the book binding is strong, which is a good point for a 350 pages volume.		The header and trailers parts are very informative, lots of pictures and useful background information on Caniff and the development of the serie.		To conclude, a collection worth buying, which should also be proposed as one ordering  item, easy to order and delivered as one item.
0,Loved this book. Could not put it down
0,An eye opener. glad that I read this book.  Very interesting.
0,good
0,Tearing me apart. They need to get their act together! And Now!		This book was a terrific continuation and perfect turning point for this trilogy. I just Love March when it comes to the Book 2 of her triads. Finally, Holly and Creighton have acknowledged things in themselves that downright scare them, but its not nearly enough! After the amazing and dastardly moments in book 2, Holly and Creighton are still at such odds. Enemies are popping their heads, and unfortunately its the closest to them the ones to depend on, that are the most impudent.		On  Hollys side, shes eternally condemned with guilt over the los of her Gran and the impetuous and selfish nature of her mother. Will she ever forgive herself for the loss of the one woman who loved her? Will she let her mom go and cut the damn umbilical cord- to not take responsibility for her childish moms actions? And when will she see hope is a joy and not a form of punishment?		Creighton is still a mystery as far as his personal history is concerned. But we know enough. Hes a man who grew in the shadows and is learning and embracing the light of a true relationship. But now he must face the fact that Annika, his ex wife, has planted noxious seeds of doubt in Hollys ear. Is his uncle going to tear them apart for his own selfish ambitions? And will Creighton, now willing to make sacrifices, make the right sacrifices to keep Holly? Was buying the record label a boon-seeing that the genesis of this impulsive relationship was based on his ability to protect her career- or will his action look like yet another possessive acquisition for his addiction to winning?		He sees. He wants. He conquers. But can he keep?		Im ready for this dizzying tale of insecurities and compromise to come to a dazzling end! Preferably where Holly is performing with Eliza Belle in MSG, singing straight to the soul and eyes of Creighton! Haha cant u picture it?!		All in all, March has a gift for writing endearing and entertaining af tales, a slice a life dipped in sin! Im really enjoying her books between longer,serious reads.
0,A most compelling book and interesting story!  Never realized that royal matches were somewhat planned, but not arranged.  They extended across Europe, frequently for political advantage.  Victoria's life, and her children's, were extremely fascinating.  I did not want the book to end.  It made me want to do further research on royal families.
0,I loved everything about this story!! Alot of emotional up and downs. I could feel the connection between Victoria and Sonny as well as with Alejandro. Very intense, intriguing, and Hot. I would absolutely recommend this book. And hate that I have to wait for the next book, excited to see where the story goes! ***** Well done Di Anne!!! <3
0,!Everyone should read this book.  Does some waking up!
0,Steve Weber has done it again.  Another awesome book.  Everything you wanted and need to know about becoming an online bookseller is in THIS book.  You have to get it if your even remotely interested.  Five Stars.
0,I enjoyed this book - he gives good examples of different communication styles and helpful hints.  He explains the importace of the 30 second delivery.
0,Going for Kona by  Pamela Fagan Hutchins by a  2014 publication.  I was provided a copy of this book by the author in exchange for an honest review.		This book reads like an honest portrayal of a woman whose mostly balanced life careens of course after a terrible tragedy and her drop into an abyss she seems unable to pull herself out of and her ultimate triumph as all the questions she faces about her life, her future, her  past comes full circle and she finds she has the strength to carry on surrounded by the her family, friends and the spirit of her husband who will always be with her.		Michele and her husband Adrian were in the midst of a book promotion when Adrian was struck down by a hit and run driver.  The investigation into his death puts Michele's son, her co-workers,  and her friends on the hot seat.  Internet  rumors swirl causing Michele to face a few moments of doubt concerning her seemingly perfect marriage to Adrian.  The only thing that is keeping Michele tethered to the here and now is her determination to attend the Ironman competition Adrian was training for.  By sheer force of will she pushes herself beyond her limits and finds a connection in the training to her husband, who she imagines is there with her, will be there at the competition, and she will once more have him with her at Kona.  But, in the meantime,  it comes to light the hit and run is not an isolated hit and Michele's family could be in danger.		There is an awful lot going on in this book and there were a few moments when it became too much. I found myself clinching my jaw muscles a few times.  Adrian's death caused a ripple effect with Michele's climb into her own tormented cocoon, leaving out her son and his need to grieve and his need to have his mother take notice of him.  If you have sons , this portrayal of Sam is very accurate all the way down to that boy smell.	The only complaint I had was how busy the story got with the training, teenage angst, mysteries, detectives, parents, ex-husbands, step-daughters, and work obligations.  I was just a little overwhelmed by it.	However, the story's pace evens out in the last half of the book and soon things are more in focus.  Why was Adrian targeted?  Who was this woman who had fixated on Adrian?  Was Adrian hiding things from Michele?  And of course the Ironman competition.  Each question gets an answer and although they are not all satisfying, there are realistic and some are so very sad. For me this was something beyond  a mystery novel. It was poignant, sad, sweet and touching.  Michele does come away from everything with all her faculties.  Her mental, physical and emotional state will all heal, she will learn much about herself in this journey, but she will also have an untarnished memory of Adrian and his spirit will guide her into the next phase of her life without him. ( grabs tissues)	Pamela can write humor, mystery, suspense, and after reading this one, I believe literary fiction and drama could be something she excels in.  This is not a conventional mystery novel and I enjoyed reading something that avoided the formula.  Overall this one get a 4.5 rounded to 5
0,Christy was sent a telegram from her brother Joshua to come help with the care of their mother. On  her way to Tombstone the stagecoach was held gun point being robbed. One of the thieves shot at the stage coach the bullet hit Christy' s arm. Nevada was traveling to Tombstone the night before when he seen the thieves. They gave him a meal and offered for him to spend the night. A very good read of a western town and the problems that only God is able to help when lives get messed up. Love for each other helps in their forgiveness and gives hope.
0,This book is a very comprehensive treatment of the subject for what a good marksman needs to know, it  covers the ballistics coefficient, Spindrift, Coriolis force just to name few subjects and much more. It Covers the essentials in a palatable way, A basic understanding of physics is helpful. I recommend it it's one the best technical treatments on this subject that I have found.
0,A terrifically revealing look at how southern rural folk were moved to support a campaign like Trump's, which even the people themselves understood may be against their own economic interests. A great read!
0,Sanford's Prey books are wonderful.  This one&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Buried-Prey/dp/0399157387/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Buried Prey</a>in some ways is different from the others since it goes back to a case Davenport, who everyone likes, worked when he just started in the police department.  It explains the case and his feelings about it at that time.  Fast forward to now and the case comes back to haunt him.  Really good.
0,I loved this story. I will end up reading every book this author writes!
0,We've always been aware as to how important the Jewish people were in the motion picture world.  Don't always agree with the way they go about their decisions.  Norma
0,This was short and sweet.  Thank you for the taster till the next one comes out!  Worth the read for us MB fans...
0,I received a copy of this book in exchange for an honest review.		Ultimate Sin is the story of Eva, Daniel and Marcus. A story of righting wrongs and atoning for past sins. It's dark and gritty and hauntingly beautiful.. It is a dark romance and has scenes in that that may trigger some people so read with that in mind.		I am a fan of dark and gritty read and when it comes to them Clarissa Wild is at the top of my list. I hung on her every word and can't put her books down, Ultimate Sin was no different, I was so engrossed in this book the world could have blown up around me and I'd have still been reading. It's sad and haunting. Love and hotness. Angst and heartbreak, all the things you look for in a dark read you will find in Ultimate Sin.		Don't miss this book. Clarissa Wild never ever disappoints.
0,The conclusion of the book is compelling. Getting there sometimes suffers a bit from side stories c
0,Extremely well written and very entertaining.  Sometimes the technical portions of the book were a little much.  The characters were very believable and likable.
0,With behind the scenes insights that will make you wonder about the judicial system, as well as fear it.	Excellent read!
0,this artwork and story are so nostalgic. Little kids will still love it. Going to the beach hasn't changed that much for families since this book was first printed.
0,good
0,I was provided an advance e-galley of this novel from the publisher, Bantam, through Netgalley.		The third installment of the Jane Hawk series finds Jane even deeper into the web of deceit that surrounds her husband's death. This action-packed novel builds toward an intense ending with the enemy closing in, setting us up for the fourth novel. The Crooked Staircase was almost unputdownable for me. If I could have read this one straight through, I would have, but unfortunately I had to sleep. And feed my family. Koontz is still my King of Creepy!
0,This is the third book in the Royal Wedding Series. It can be read as a stand-alone although there are carryover characters from book 1. I liked the premise of this story--the second-chance-at-romance storyline. I felt the story took a while to get going and the fight for their relationship was a bit drawn out and one-sided. Corina was a likable character even though she is a beautiful heiress who could just drop $10 million dollars on a painting! But she really tries to fight for her marriage and to "love well" no matter what the outcome. Prince Stephen was a frustrating character because he seemed so hot and cold towards Corina. I wasn't fond of the supernatural elements, even though that was present in the previous books. I guess it's because this series is about fairy tale romances but it just didn't click with me. However, I love the Brighton setting and seeing the royal family again. I enjoyed the spiritual content and the occasional humorous banter. I listened to this as an audiobook and loved the narrator's voices and accents. Overall, book 1 is still my favorite but this was a fine addition to the series.
0,Great summer read! Salad the best!
0,Excellent!
0,Religious control of historical knowledge leads to killings around the Mediterranean and USA. Resulting in a trade of relics for safety. Nothing gained for the masses. No answers here concerning the voynich mystery.
0,This book kept me going. I read at night and could not wait to get to bed to finish this book. I wouldn't recommend getting attached to a character. You never knew what was going to happen on the next page.  When I finished reading the last page and closed the book. My first thought was CREEPY!
0,Excellent book and God's Sovereignty.  I learned things I had never thought of before. This gave me a new perspective.
0,I love this series - Lily and Rule and their families are always a pleasure to visit.  When I finish one I can't wait for the next one to come out.
0,Outstanding look at free market principles for solving problems.  I can only hope that people will read this to understand the current governmental issues.
0,I enjoyed this book  very insightful and I feel written well.  If you enjoy easy mysteries with a historical  twist, this for you
0,The writer of the introduction says that Dreiser could have gotten the point across with far less reptetition, ergo, fewer pages. This book has 3 parts: By the time I reached the second section, I would have to disagree. This seemingly aimless repetition,(primarily the moral preverocating of the Clyde character) is what creates the grinding tension that keeps one reading in spite of the fact that this book is not a traditional 'page-turner'. It is more like watching a terrible accident happening in v-e-r-y slow motion...you just have to keep looking. By the time the second part kicks in, you are hooked by the story itself, as well as the social complexities that it presents. The third section is as riveting as any courtroom drama ever written.		While reading American Tragedy, one of the things that came to mind was, what if Teddy Kennedy had not been the scion of one of the most powerful political families in the nation? Would he have fared any better in front of a jury of his peers than did Clyde Griffiths?
0,This was a great light-reading experience. Somewhat predictable with a few twists added that kept me turning pages long after I should have been asleep.
0,I don't know how she dose it but this one is as good if not better than the other loved it
0,The artwork on it is absolutely spectacular.
0,Lies, lies and more lies are what people around the world have been fed over what happened to the worst of Nazis after WWII, including Hitler. Author Peter Levenda works to set history straight, and comes up with a fascinating account of who ran the Rat Lines after the War, allowing thousands of criminals to escape punishment and live out their lives in peace. Will the new Pope from Argentina help fill in the gaps, since the Vatican and Catholic clergy in his country have a lot of explaining to do? Don't hold your breath!  Particularly fascinating was involvement of the International Red Cross (same guys who withheld donuts from US soldiers) who also have a lot of 'splaining to do. Great read. Couldn't put it down until I finished the last page.
0,Usual good read.  Fast moving
0,The Australian Television Series (available on PBS) brought me to the book - I"m always hoping the written story will offer more insight - and thanks to TV it's easy to picture actress Essie Davis as the lead character. Miss Fisher is a liberated woman of the 1920's who dashes about solving mysteries, living an uninhibited single life, and spending her apparently unlimited funds as if they, like the dropped waist, were going out of style.  On television a delight to watch, particularly the fashions. If the character ever becomes too insufferably impressed with herself during a TV episode (which every once in a while does happen), you can admire the authenticity of the clothes.		Although the titular narratives are similar, from reading these first three stories I can tell that liberties have been taken in the TV production with character backgrounds, personalities, and the role each plays in a particular story. These liberties made the stories, with their subplots, nicely unpredictable, even though I had already seen the TV version.		There is also a surprising addition of romance novel narrative. Miss Fisher, in print, thankfully doesn't spend too much time admiring herself (aside from using the mirror), but she doesn't seem as mature as the average detective either. And the interaction with key series character Jack Robinson, positively magnetic in the series, is disappointingly dry and perfunctory in these three stories at least.		I can only hope the next stories in her series offer a bit more, because like it or not, I am unrelentingly hooked. The astonishingly glamorous production values that attract me to the television series are not as prevalent in the stories (either my reading, or the author's inspiration of, Agatha Christie and Ellery Queen has a numbing effect); but there's no scarcity of historical description. I'll be interested to see Greenwood's more mature Fisher stories. She's got me in her basket.
0,I have really enjoyed reading this book and I am looking forward to the others. It an intriguing tale of subterfuge, magic, and secrets.
0,great story and one I would read again. I've never read Jodi Picoult and I'm looking forward to reading another.
0,This, the sixth novel in Stephanie Barron's series about Jane Austen as sleuth, takes place in the naval port of Southampton, where Jane's brother's friend has been accused of murdering the captain of a captured French ship.		Barron captures Austen's style and wit admirably and, as with the other novels, has presented us with a believable portrait of Jane's world.  The mystery s good -- I thought I had it figured out, but didn't.		The character of Jane is a bit too action-oriented to be plausible, but the book is still enjoyable.  Unfortunately, no Lord Harold!
0,Spoiler alert.  I am unable to tolerate so many losses this late in my own life. I guess the resonance is too deep; I identify too deeply with Quentin, defrocked and exiled, with only the revitalized Nowhere for comfort.  Quentin saves Magic itself, and it abandons him - no Julia, no Alice, not even the unlikely Poppy for comfort.  Costs everybody a star, but I, of course will read on in book 3  ;-)
0,this work with my bible program SWORDSEARCHER 7
0,Alright, that mini freak out aside, I loved A Gathering of Shadows! It was filled with the humor and stubbornness that made up the last book and I loved the characters!		So much happened on all kinds of fronts! Last time, I felt like the book was focused on really setting up the characters and their friendships/relationships, yet at the same time, it wasn't exactly saying "yes, there's a romantic possibility here, you really need to be shipping people" (although I was already shipping Kell/Lila, not gonna lie), yet this time, there was definite relationship set up, and I loved it! Kell and Lila are seriously good together and there's this palpable tension between the two of them that had me rooting for them. And then there's Rhy and Alucard who I also started shipping. There's clearly more to the enigmatic captain of the Night Spire than meets the eye and I want to know more about the history he shares with Rhy! AH!		I loved that the book dove right into the action with Lila's POV and showed that she's doing her best to be the pirate she's always wanted. I really liked the friendship between she and Alucard. After spending sometime with Lila aboard the Night Spire, we get Kell's POV and thrown into some different action. Since everything happened, Kell struggles with his guilt yet also feels restless now that he's given up smuggling. It was interesting to see him practicing in the Basin. And then there's Rhy who appears to be feeling equally guilty and is trying to do everything he can in order to drown his guilt (oftentimes to the detriment of Kell it seems). Somehow, the two of them start to come to a better understanding (agreement?) on how to deal with their new situation and it really seemed like things were starting to look up. Of course, things happened (spoiler things that I'd love to talk about with anyone who's interested BTW) and then the relationship got a little strained for an instant, but I think that it honestly came back even stronger.		At least it was heading towards stronger, until things dealing with Black London showed up and ruined everything. A lot happened, having to do with Black London, White London and even ties to Red London, but so much of it is spoiler heavy so I don't want to ruin it for you! Go read this book now and see what I'm talking about!!
0,If you always wondered about time and its affect on your life and that of society then this is fo you.
0,Good story with lots of action. Very believable characters with great aliens, both good and very bad. With a good intriguing mystery in development. I find the book very enjoyable. I'm hoping that the author will write more of this series soon.
0,If learning why our nation became great (our Constitution), the wisdom behind it and great men who wrote it, and why we are losing it, this book will help get you there.
0,Riveting, I couldn't put it down! Love the characters and story line! I can't wait for the next installment. Hoping I don't have to wait as long for that one as I did this one!!!
0,The music is a little easy, but it had some arrangements I wanted.  I do have the fifth grade book and it is more of a challenge.
0,Ok, lets start off with saying this book was HOT. It was action packed and kept me entertained. I'm not going to lie though, there were a few spots that had me back track on how much I loved this read. One was particularly gross! Belly buttons... um NO. Looking back its funny now that it stood out to me so much. You got the Oh my factor on that one. I also thought this book might be a twilight rerun at first, but you quickly proved me wrong. Overall great read and I look forward to reading the next books in the series.
0,I love memoirs and when I heard Kate Christensen interviewed on NPR I knew I wanted to read this book!  Even though the subtitle categorizes it as an "autobiography," it's more like a series of essays that describe Christensen's coming of age.  While the chapters are chronological and mainly focus on her childhood, adolescence, and young adulthood, they don't necessarily connect to one another.  At times it works and at times it seems jarring and a bit disjointed.		Christensen's youth was weird, to say the least, and there were moments of absolute, tragic injustice that made me want to weep for her young self.  While I couldn't quite identify with such an unorthodox upbringing I did nod in recognition at the comfort and nostalgia she felt about food.  The recipes and food-oriented memories at the end of each chapter were nice, although some of them seemed a bit like an afterthought, not quite related to the chapter.		There were plenty of awkward teenage moments to cringe at as well.  For me, the appeal of a memoir is to recognize that no matter how different our individual circumstances may be, we all experience the same very human emotions.  I definitely found that to be true in Blue Plate Special, which is why I enjoyed the book enough to give it 4 stars.		But at the same time, I felt like Christensen pulled her punches way too often.  Just as she was about to make a salient point or delve deeper into some part of her psyche or introduce us to a really interesting person--poof!  End of chapter.  Change the subject.		This happened again and again, much to my frustration!  So while I really enjoyed the book, I felt that she missed too many opportunities to completely connect with her reader.  Don't start down a tempting rabbit trail if you don't plan to follow it to the end!		I give the book 4 instead of 5 stars because of the uneven flow and unfinished stories.  But I did enjoy the book and would definitely recommend it.
0,The novel is interesting because it explores man's destiny in relation to her/his biological potential and not  because of the march of science through eons of time.  The author is didactic in tone because the protagonist is military and the development of a persona capable of sustaining the shifts in perspective necessary to describe an improved/superior intellect.  Entertaining.  It does border on philosophical "ponderings" in relation Nietzsche, power, ethics, quantum physics, the nature of man, etc.......  As long as you don't become argumentative with the character's opinions, the novel a pleasant read.
0,This was a very good book, a little bit different, but kept my attention.  Especially the ending, so glad he got a good home, off a leash and a loving owner.  Thanks
0,Doug Ingersoll's advice is like having a trusted friend take you by the hand for a personal tour so you'll get the most out of the time and budget you've allocated for a trip to Disney's favorite East Coast Magic Kingdom! By the time you've read through his 2013 guide, you'll be well prepared to plan out your own itinerary based on your specific preferences. Whether you want the inside scoop on hotel accommodations and the best counter-service dining at Epcot or what ticket options are available and the best way to get around, this guide lists the pros and cons of all choices and makes sensible recommendations. Part of the fun of perusing this guide to Walt Disney World is anticipating all the exciting things you'll see and do before you even arrive. The guide's size also makes it easy to pack in your bag to accompany you inside the park since it includes many easy to follow maps that may be well-worn by the time your visit concludes. The only thing luckier than finding The Complete Idot's Guide to Walt Disney World 2013 edition under the Christmas tree is finding round-trip plane tickets inside the front cover!
0,Addictive and fast paced, Firefly was absolutely unputdownable from beginning to end. McAdams cooked up many twists and turns that centered around a delicious love triangle that was packed full of chemistry and tension, a Romeo-and-Juliet kind of mob romance among two warring families.		It was easy to feel torn between the two different halves of Lilys heart; one man from her childhood, the other that set her soul free. In a world of uncertainty and death, through Lily there was a true sense of living for the moment. Her grief and the coldness of her everyday life was so strong and evocative that it was easy to fall into her choices, and move with the swaying of her heart.		I cannot say much more as I fear giving something away. With a strong heroine that held such light within her, and two men who felt like night and day but each represented something important for her, I couldn't help but need to know how Firefly ended. The constant pull of mounting danger kept me on my toes and had me up late into the night. And I cannot wait for the story we get next.
0,This book deserves ten stars!  A very heart wrenching story.  It is so hard to believe that such atrocities go on in this world, but they have since the beginning of sin and will continue to do so until the LORD comes back for us.  It is very apparent that God sent Sam Childers to Africa to save as many of His children as he could.  Very good read.
0,Love all Eve Dallas books but this is far from the most interesting.  Robb needs to get back on top of her game and perhaps less time spent on Nora Roberts novels.
0,This book was a page turner. I could not put it down. Hated when I had to put it down.
0,Simply put, this book was amazing. The emotional aspect of this book is just something I cant even really describe. Rider and Mallory belong together and through incredible odds they found each other again. True soulmates! One doesn't exist without the other. This book will make you feel all the feels, the good, and the bad. Jennifer Armentrout outdid herself on this book. The best one she's ever written. I'm still reeling......
0,About two and a half years ago I was in the hospital just bored in the bed channel surfing and stumbled upon QVC.  I watched for a while before a Dr. Denese came on for an hour of beauty talk and her selling her products. I tend to try the new products on the market not always believing their claims to transform your skin blahblahblah...and I thought, ok, why not try one more.  She looked beautiful enough( the woman is in her 50s and looks 20 years younger!!), what she said made sense and I got the feeling that she wasn't one of those BSers I've seen on way too many other beauty/health segments where they're so superficial...this woman really was the real deal here.  So when I got out of the hospital my Dr. Denese Try-Me kit was waiting at home.	I tried the kit....thinking, Ok Dr. D...show me whatja got.... Within the first week alone I started to notice something remarkable....the texture of my skin was changing...the blotches & bumps were starting to diminish greatly....  the reddness...soon began to fade away. I kept looking in the mirror and thinking...ok, what is IN these products!!!  And I did my own online investigation and her products are very natural and healthy for my skin but they are unlike any others I had ever tried (and I have tried em all, even the expensive fancy brand department store ones)  And the weird thing was....about 3 weeks in the routine, I went to work WITHOUT MAKEOUT!!!!!  I know!  Some of you wouldn't be caught dead without foundation, blush etc.  Well I did...and no one noticed one thing or ran screaming after they looked upon my makeupless face....but that day several co-workers  said 'what have you done to your skin? New Makeup? You're skin is glowing!!' I slowly incorporated all of her products into my daily skin care (the facial pads and cleansers alone are worth GOLD, but the age corrector creams and moisturizers are AMAZING!!!)And almost 3 years later I am thrilled to say I look younger, my face is beautiful without a stitch of makeup, but if I do wear it, I feel like some model :) cause it her products simply enhance any makeup you might use...her foundation is terrific.  But the thing I loveeeeeee to hear...that people think I am 35...when I am closer to 50!! And I used to get skin blotches or pimples around that time of the month, now...my skin is always clear and young looking... I made the mistake one time of rushing into the drugstore to buy some product I had used before...and my skin resorted back to the uneven texture and dullness...I learned my lesson that time.  And never have ever stopped using her products.  I truly feel this is the fountain of youth we all seem to be searching for..I realize the gene pool has alot to do with your skin, but the products you choose to use determine your skins future and Dr. Dense has been a Godsend...and I just now got this book...all these years later and I love it....she truly is one, if not THE best in this field.  I highly recommend this book AND her products (ps they aren't that expensive at all and last a long time..so worth it!! Just try one of her kits for starters, you will find out just what I'm talking about here and you won't regret it and be telling all your friends about Dr. Denese as well!)
0,Truly a masterfully written biography which includes great insights into aspects of religion and psychology.
0,Great book.  I must admit this surprised me.  Until this book, all the "Unlimited Kindle Prime" books that I tried were not very good.  I'm glad that I took a chance on this one.		In fact, I liked it so much that I downloaded the second book in the series, finished it and just downloaded the third book in the series.		If you like John Grisham's books, you will probably enjoy this series.  There are interesting (translation, some are downright funny) characters, twists and a good mix of legal drama, action thriller and humor.
0,If you are a follower of film noir, you hear a lot about "Shoot the Piano Player," arguably one of Truffaut's best-known films following his breakthrough, "The 400 Blows."		But I hate to admit that until my friend and former journalism student Steve Pham pulled my coat, I had never heard of "Down There," the terse noir novel it is based on, or its author, David Goodis, even though Goodis had written the book "Dark Passage" on which one of my favorite Humphrey Bogart films was based.		I read the Black Lizard edition of "Down There," which has been renamed "Shoot the Piano Player." The book is noir fiction in a nutshell, hitting on just about every note the genre is known for. It has an alienated protagonist, the hopelessness of his attempt to steer clear of trouble, the frustration of his inability to make basic relationships work, and a completely understated aura of violence that makes the entire thing work.		In brief, the book and the movie are both about a man named Eddie, a renowned concert pianist who dropped out after his wife commits suicide because of her shame at being trapped into an unwilling sexual liaison with Eddie's agent.		Now Eddie lives in a run-down flat, scraping by playing honkey-tonk for drunks in the Hut, a Philadelphia gin joint. He is withdrawn, cool and without affect. His dealings with people are at arm's length. His only desire is to avoid involvement.		Unfortunately, Eddie's past comes back to haunt him: his brothers, petty crooks who have been working as hired muscle for a Mafia-style crime syndicate, have robbed their employer and are being sought by a pair of mob hit-men.		One of the brothers chances across Eddie in the Hut. Eddie intervenes when the killers catch up to his sibling, but the hit-men immediately turn their attention to Eddie, realizing that he can lead them to his brothers and the missing swag.		Lena, a waitress in the Hut, is attracted to Eddie and has figured out his past as a concert musician. Eddie finds himself falling in love with her, despite his desire to remain aloof and unattached. The romance is complicated by the fact that the Hut's bouncer wants Lena, too.		The hoods make a move on Eddie and Lena but the pair slip through their fingers. Lena figures out that the bouncer has told the two gunmen where to find Eddie and, when they return to the Hut, she confronts him. A brawl ensues and Eddie unintentionally kills the bouncer with a knife.		Now a fugitive from the law who also is wanted by the mob, Eddie has Lena drive him to his family homestead in South New Jersey, then tells her to go away, fearing for her safety if she is drawn into his brothers' criminal lifestyle. She leaves but returns and the two gunmen shadow her to South Jersey where the tragic denouement of the novel takes place.		I watched Truffaut's film before reading Goodis' book and I have to say the novel is quite superior to the movie. Truffaut slips a number of false notes into his film and adds a younger brother who does not appear in the novel, unnecessarily complicating the plot and making the two mob killers more bungling and buffoonish than they are in the novel.		The novel also is more effective at developing Eddie's back story, and explaining why it is so easy for him to slip into unthinking violence.		Primary characters are sharply drawn in Goodis' novel and even minor players are rendered in a memorable fashion. The dialog is terse and realistic, free of the frequent wise cracks that are so common to other noir specialists such as Raymond Chandler, but better for it, because Goodis is trying to create a world of people who are down, desperateand unable to see much humor in the bleak world they inhabit, let alone joke about it.		The violence, though understated, is brutal -- which is appropriate because the lives of the main characters is brutal, too.		Whether it is under the imprint of "Shoot the Piano Player" or "Down There," this bleak little novel is well worth reading.
0,A beautiful and difficult story.  The characters are well developed, vulnerable and interesting. The story is developed slowly as,we get to know,each of the characters. I recommend this one.
0,I love a great historical romance. But I want them to take me out of my dreary old life and into a time that could never be real. But I want them to make me think it's real.  It's a hard sell at times, depending on my mood. But this author did it. Loved the story, loved the characters, LOVED THE ENDING!  Did I say I loved it yet? In case I didn't, I loved it!
0,Six adults and three kids at a Sunday afternoon backyard barbecue. What could possibly go wrong? The first half of the book keeps you in suspense about what did go wrong. Then the second half explores the consequences. The characters are well drawn and believable. A good read from beginning to end. Liane Moriarty has done it again. Hope she has another book on the works.
0,Beautiful!
0,Kerasote offers an intimate look into his life and relationship with a very special companion. I sometimes skipped over the research he included in favor of the story but it was a great read nonetheless.
0,Loved the story even enjoyed the history on the IRA always wondered why on St Patrick's day in NY the banners in the parade said English get out of Ireland
0,This was my first exposure to Ms. Jance, but it's unlikely to be my last. I'm a big fan of suspense writers like Harlan Cobin, Laura Lippman, Lisa Gardner, and Denise Mina and Jance fits the bill with competent, page-turning writing. Although Jance does not quite have the brilliance of the writers I mentioned before, she is a careful, professional wordsmith who delivers solid characterization, expert plotting, and a strong sense of place.		In this outing, CRUEL INTENT, Jance sets up her amateur sleuth, Ari Reynolds, a retired television journalist living in Sedona, AZ with a case that seems ready-made for the 21st century cyber world in which we live. The case revolves around Singleheart.com, a hook-up website for married folks who still consider themselves single at heart. The online cheating/sex angle is an intriguing one and throw into that a grisly murder and heart-pounding suspense as Ari gets more and more involved in the case, and you've got a recipe for "just-one-more-chapter" reading.		As I said above, J.A. Jance does not have the writing chops of some others in the genre. Her tale telling could be described as competent, workmanlike, and careful. Don't come to CRUEL INTENT looking for flashes of creative genius and flights of transporting prose. But if you're looking for a suspenseful, topical story, well-told, CRUEL INTENT is just the thing.
0,This is one of those books that will earn rave reviews for years to come. Rachel Pollack already knocked one out of the park with her&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Seventy-Eight-Degrees-of-Wisdom-A-Book-of-Tarot/dp/1578634083/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Seventy-Eight Degrees of Wisdom: A Book of Tarot</a>.		With Rachel Pollack's Tarot Wisdom: Spiritual Teachings and Deeper Meanings, you will feel like Pollack has taken you deep sea diving into the spiritual waters of Tarot. With an unapologetic voice, she shows how to get more out of each card than you might have believed possible.		I feared I would never get this review done because I didn't want to come up out of the book. It submerged me into Tarot. I can honestly say that I learned something new about every card. That's seventy eight lessons courtesy of this amazing writer.		My hat's off to Ms. Pollack for her ability to weave history and spirituality together so deftly. She offers images of each card from the same six decks which allows you to compare the way the cards have changed. Of course one of those six decks is Pollack's own Shining Tribe Tarot. I enjoyed learning more about her creation thoughts this way.		By using the historical timeline of tarot meanings that she excerpts from Paul Huson's Mystical Origins of the Tarot: From Ancient Roots to Modern Usage, Pollack gives a brief look at the history of the meaning of the card. She uses that as a launching point for her deeper exploration of the card. From the Fool as literally insane to the optimistic wanderer we know today, Pollack's explanation of how the old can still be used with the new is invaluable.		The bibliography alone is worth the price of the book. If you've ever wanted to peek at a Tarot scholar's bookshelves, flip to page 461 for five pages of books. I counted how many there were. Do you think it's a coincidence that there are seventy-eight books referenced in Pollack's bibliography?		She doesn't shy away from subjects that revolve around gender or feminism or other seemingly "not polite" subjects. I liked how she wove her own world view into the meanings. Make no doubt! Pollack has an opinion and isn't afraid to share it.		Time and time again I found myself reaching for pen and paper (or the Notepad on my computer) to jot down various profundities from Pollack. Her ability to parallel her personal experience with the cards astounded me while entertaining me. I found myself laughing with glee as Pollack relates her mad dash across a busy city street in order to catch the right cab.		Here is a book that feels like you are listening to someone tell you tales as you sit across from her at some table in some caf somewhere in time. Her voice rings true and clear in this book that is destined to be one of those classic must-have Tarot books. The only reason this book wasn't on my top five Tarot book list last year? I didn't have it yet. Part of me wants to know where Pollack's been all my life.		But I know the answer to that after reading Rachel Pollack's Tarot Wisdom: Spiritual Teachings and Deeper Meanings. She's been busily soaking up life experiences while studying Tarot so she could deliver this amazing book full of wit and wisdom and words guaranteed to take you deeper into the marvelous world that is Tarot. If you don't have this book, why? What are you waiting for? Order it now. You won't be sorry. The only problem is that you too may feel a bit evangelical. I have to stifle my urge to stand on the corner with this book in my hand while shouting, "GET THIS BOOK NOW."		Sorry. Was that loud?		REVIEW NOTES:	The six decks featured are:		*Visconti Tarot	*Marseille Tarot	*The New Golden Dawn Ritual Tarot	*The Egyptian Tarot	*Shining Tribe Tarot
0,I am quickly becoming a huge fan of this series with the lovely Owen Archer	I love the way Candace writes, and I am learning a lot about the era it was written in	Great story with lots of twists and turns
0,Excellent advise for digestion and weight loss.
0,A halloween dinner/dance cruise turns deadly.  Who did it? Another good book in this new series by this fantastic author who knows how to keep you guessing!! Just when I think I figured out who it is, I was again proven wrong!! Love the donuts!! Another winner in my eyes.
0,This was the first book I have read by Julianne MacLean.  I really enjoyed the story line so much that I purchased the entire "Color of" series
0,Two athletes from different worlds collide and spark a race war and chaos across a racially divided United States. Johnny is a carefree Canadian hockey player just rising to stardom. Jamaal is a lanky rising star aiming at the NBA. When these two collide in St. Louis, the clash ignites a tidal wave of racial conflict across the US. As Johnny's best friend Lucas and his African-American girlfriend Chantal try to keep their buffeted relationship afloat, the Black Lives Matter movement spreads chaos and violence across American cities.		An MLK-like voice rises from the ashes, as Wilbur Rufus Holmes tries to stop the violence and be a voice of reason against a war zone of racial hatred.		This book is a hard hitting expose' on racial tension and looks at racial violence, white supremacy, and the Black Lives Matter movement from all angles, exposing the dysfunction in the US. It's a gripping read. However, the violence, the pervasive foul language, and the difficult-to-follow ghetto language threw me out of the story about 25% through it, and I couldn't get my head back in, especially when the action was so painfully true to the reality we live. I'm giving a review, based on what I've read, but this is one I could. not. finish.		Content:		Drug Content:	R - The drug culture is alive and well, and weed and crack make appearance in several places. Drinking and drunkenness appear in a few places as well.		Violence:	R+ - In a critical scene, a character is beaten to death, beaten until he is completely unrecognizable, his skull destroyed and internal organs compromised, broken ribs, you get it. There's a lot more violence, gunplay in the book, but I can't speak to that as it's beyond where I read. A lot of violence to a dead body, including desecration.		Language:	X - The F bomb appears on just about every page, sometimes as many as six times. Other expletives are even more common. There's so much bad language I couldn't continue. The N-word in multiple forms was common throughout, spoken primarily by blacks but also by whites. Cracker was used extensively as was many other racial slurs and epithets.		Adult Content:	PG-13 - As far as I read, there were many references to sexual encounters but nothing occurs on screen.		Christian content:	Not so much. The Lord's name appears fairly often but only as a curse word. There are a couple places where a Christian speaks out about faith and hope, but it's practically drowned out in the pervasive darkness.		Final analysis:	Gee. Where to begin? Racial division and the hopes of reconciliation, and efforts in that direction, have been the focus of so many circles in the US, that this seems like a must-read. I entered it with high hopes. But this book was so real, so full of triggers I couldn't get more than a quarter through. The characters seemed to be quite real and the social problems this book raises are raw, divisive, and so close to home it was a painful read from page to page. I'd say that, what I read was very well-written, gripping, and a book that needs to be read. But unfortunately, the language was so foul, the violence so real, it was not something I could wade through. Four Stars.	*I received an electronic copy for an honest review.
0,It has been many many years since I have read Helter Skelter but I will NEVER EVER forget the lingering effect it had upon me. Like a previous reviewer mentioned I too was haunted by the thought of these lunatics bursting into my house and butchering me in a similar manner as the Tate and LaBianca murders. I was very scared by this book. So much so that (and I am not kidding) I slept with a knife under my pillow. It freaked me out that badly. For a period of time I read many true crime books on such figures as Ted Bundy, Ed Gein, The Hillside Stranglers, The Zodiac Killer, etc. and they all disturbed me in their own way but nothing in comparison to Helter Skelter. And then along comes the made for TV movie of the 70's which still scares me more than a dozen horror movies. I have found a website called True Crime Scenes and have seen the photos of these horrific events perpetrated by the Manson family. It was not until dawn that I could get to sleep after viweing this. I have since abandoned my interest in "true crime" stories. It was deeply depressing to see humanity reach such a depraved level that is more pure unrestrained animal impulses. Leslie Van Houten is saddened when anyone sees Charlie Manson as an "anti hero" and curses they day she fell in with him. John Waters has come out and publicly called for her release. Squeeky's out. Susan Atkins is dead. He has a very impassioned chapter devoted to her in his own book Role Models. It very interesting and very sad and he is very serious about wanting to see her released. Anyone interested in thi case Helter Skelter is the book to read....but plan on more than  a few sleepless nights.
0,As usual Baldacci keeps you on the edge of your proverbial seat with unexpected turn of events.	A true thriller.
0,Excellent daily devotional.  I highly recommend.
0,Short story but wonderful. I have loved EVERYTHING Kristen has written and she definitely didn't let me down this time :)
0,Really good book, had to search a little to find a copy of it but I really enjoyed it.
0,Couldn't put it down. As always the story grabs you from page 1. Love how the story continues throughout each book. Just keeps getting better and better.
0,I bought this book after attending a conference where Rhonda was the keynote speaker - she is even better in person than in writing!  She is funny, articulate, and very insightful.  The book has very helpful ideas and exercises, and I gained a lot of insight into my own fears and how they lead me to act a certain way.  This is her first book, and it is not as polished as we will probably see from Rhonda (hopefully there will be more from her), but it is extremely helpful information, even if you only use pieces of it.  Amd if you ever get a chance to hear her speak, grab it!!
0,I loved everything about this book.  I really got into the character's and will definitely be buying the next book.
0,Very sad story, but a good read. I would have given 5 stars, but the author bounces bacj and forth between characters and I often had to go back to remind myself which person it was. Otherwise, it was worth reading and interesting.
0,Read and learn about the possibilities of being a vegan runner. This shows what is possible in the world of plant based eating.
0,Just as good as Carter Reed
0,love the way Archer writes--can't wait for the next page!
0,Helpful
0,This is such a well written and thought out book.
0,This is the sweetest book.
0,I'm pretty sure Becca Jameson is quickly becoming one of my favorite authors! Bound to be Taken is the first book in my 4th series by her. Although I have read many books with the BDSM theme this book was interesting to me because the characters are all new to the lifestyle and so they're all learning it together. I especially liked this. I felt like I was learning about it in a way no other book has done for me so far. I however struggled with parts of the story that I felt pushed too hard too fast for someone so new to the lifestyle. I know they had only a short time to prepare for the party they were attending and wanted to not have her go in blind as to what to expect but I wished they had been a little more gentle. I still can't wait to see what happens in the next book in the series.
0,Loved the book and the right amount of comedy. First book I have read of the Lady Justice series & it won't be the last!!!
0,Very Good
0,Don't quite know how this received the Pulitzer but the last chapter or two was worth the prize.
0,I LIKE the sidebars and pictures.  There is a ton of ART history and beautiful graphic design work in the books.  Perhaps it is because my husband, son and I are all artists, but we particularly enjoyed the layout of the books.  I felt a fusion of science with art in the presentation.		The history is sound, well presented, and detailed enough in scope to touch on mathmatical concepts supporting the science.		I'd reccomend this book for lovers of science history and for older homeschoolers.  It is a bit too serious for younger homeschoolers.  To me, this is more a book for a older preteen or teen audience.
0,In some ways a predictable romance, but a very enjoyable read.
0,When I was growing up and first started reading books (as opposed to picture books), The Boxcar Children were a real staple in my reading diet, so I was pleased to see that their adventures continue in this updated series.		The Alden children (Henry, Jessie, Violet, and Benny) are now globe-hopping with the family dog, Watch. After being introduced to a secret society that returns lost and stolen artifacts to museums and historic sites, The Boxcar Children join in the world-wide search for missing artifacts.  But as if working with ancient treasures weren't already enough of an adventure, when the Aldens arrive in Cairo, the agent that they were supposed to meet has gone missing.		While the Aldens are working for the secret society, they don't know what artifact they are transporting or anything else about their 'mission' until they arrive at a destination and decode a clue.  The clue here is on a papyrus scroll (hence the title), but it takes time to even get to that point as the agent is missing. Once they figure out what they have and where it's going, the Alden siblings still have to evade a thief who is following them.		These are definitely not the Boxcar Children I grew up with.  These children are now world-travelers (on their own!) and much more savvy than those I read about back in the 1960's and certainly not even close to those from the 1920's! There were plenty of adventures close to home for the early Aldens, but now they travel with ease around the globe.  I'm sure there's more of an educational value to this, teaching children about places like the pyramids of Egypt or Stonehenge, but it takes away from the innocence of the Boxcar Children.  That's what I miss the most ... innocence. These children, with their laptop computers and they 'Facetime' don't really resemble their namesakes of old. I know this is the world we live in, but it just doesn't 'feel' right with these particular children.		But these books aren't written for me.  They are written for an audience that already takes smart phones and laptops to school (yes...I know elementary school children that have laptops in school).  These books are for children who already have access to Magic Tree House stories and Magic School Bus stories, where the past is approachable, as is outer space. To compete for attention, the Aldens must step up their game, and I think that the new Boxcar Children (still using the Gertrude Chandler Warner name as author) do this well.  It's just a little sigh-inducing for some of us.		Looking for a good book?  <em>The Clue in the Papyrus Scroll</em> is a new Boxcar Children book by Gertrude Chandler Warner and brings the exploring siblings in to the modern world and has them traveling all around the globe.		I received a digital copy of this book from the publisher, through Edelweiss, in exchange for an honest review.
0,Carrie Cross enjoys reading middle-grade mysteries, and so she wrote one about a thirteen-year-old sleuth named Skylar Robbins. After she began to receive requests for detective kits, Cross decided that she would try to establish Skylar as the new Nancy Drew. Publishers are crying for mysteries and so I have no doubt that Cross can help fill a neglected niche. As to whether she can pull off a modern-day Nancy Drew series, that is the bigger question.		In childrens fiction, obsessive heroes and heroines tend to stand out. For example, few people who encounter Harriet the Spy ever forget her. Skylar also has an obsession; she has always wanted to be a private detective like her grandfather. For years she has collected items for her detective kit. Her items are an intriguing mix of tools, from an ordinary penlight to pink Super-Zoom binoculars. The binoculars are especially versatile, as they allow her to spy on criminals as well asboys. Skylar stores these items in her grandfathers old leather briefcase, which she carries with her almost everywhere. But Skylar isn't collecting items just to have them. When she needs evidence to show that her cousin is stealing from her, she whips out her fingerprinting equipment. Upon finding a mysterious key, she pulls out her mold-making equipment. Eventually, Skylar even finds herself using her detective kit to stop a bad guy.		Apart from her passion for sleuthing, Skylar is also an adolescent with the usual adolescent dilemmas. For example, Skylars parents are going on a summer trip to Europe without her. This means Skylars thoughts are on her upcoming visit to her aunt and uncles creepy home. In particular, she worries about her cousin, who, in a twist, functions as the storys bully rather than as a peer. This angst is compounded by concerns about summer school. Then theres the loneliness of being away from her best friend, whom she texts on a daily basis until Skylar is caught up in a drama with her new friend, Kat. Kat latches onto Skylar and introduces her to magic, which causes Skylar to question everything shes been taught. How was Kat able to create an electrifying force with her hands? How did she gain control over Skylars legs? More remarkably, how did she cause jewels to grow from plant seeds?		What stops me from whole-heartedly recommending the first Skylar Robbins mystery, The Mystery of Shadow Hills, is the exploration of magicbut not for reasons you might expect. Kat is a Wiccan. I don't agree with this religion, but that isn't my issue here. As a Wiccan, Kat likes to create spells, although mostly innocent ones such as love potions. From everything I read online about Wicca, Kats beliefs and practices seem to have been portrayed accurately. What bothers me instead is the eventual harsh judgment of Wicca. Cross could have simply allowed Skylar to use scientific evidence to dispute Kats supernatural powers, but instead she goes further by describing Wiccans as losers and as lonely and shallow people who needed something to believe in. Because Skylars cousin is eventually rehabilitated, only the books Wiccan characters are portrayed as remaining bad. This condemnation of Wiccans casts an unnecessary shadow over the whole book.		Skylar is both polite but pushy, caring but curious, and smart but susceptible. In other words, like Nancy Drew, she is a likeable character who also has a penchant for getting herself into predicaments. With her analytical and observant mind, she also has a knack for identifying criminals and their misdeeds. If she loses the dismissive attitude, Cross could have a trendy series on her hands.
0,Very nice, tasteful designs. Some of them are a little '80s-ish, but it's a good, solid crochet book.
0,The plot is a time-worn topic, but is handled well by means of a few new twists that really get the reader's attention. Action scenes are vivid and plentiful, with only a small lull in the middle of the story. I feel that one part of the plot should be eliminated or revised. Including a female doctor with an attitude on the trek into the Congo, only added to the bulk of the book. Certainly, they could have gotten a specialist from Ft. Detrick, who would have caused much less friction among the team. All in all, this is an exciting novel that will please any spy/adventure fan.
0,What a cool book! All the books I've ever bought about exercise always assume that you have 3 days to work out and that's it. Well, that's not me and this book accomodates anyone, whether you got one day to give yoursefl that week or seven days. Very nice. I used it last week when I had 5 days to work out and it made it so easy to switch workouts to match my schedule. This week, I'll probably only have two days and sure enough, it let me change my wotkouts once again, yet the results never change. This thing is addicting if you like--or hate--to exercise.
0,My 5 year old grandson loved this book.
0,I enjoyed reading this book and I liked the ending.  Light mysteries are my enjoyment.  If you like light mysteries this is good
0,As a teacher and apocalyptic survivor fiction reader this book really held me captive. I loved it and can't wait to read book 2!
0,Abe Rosenthal is the greatest editor opf his generation, a man who transformed The New York Times and modern-day journalism. Earlier, he was a wonderful foreign correspondent, winning a Pulitzer Prize for his  dispatches from Poland. This book, written when he was metropolitan editor  of The Times, is about one of the most gruesome urban tragedies to occur in  New York. This book needs no review. It simply needs to be read, and its  lessons remembered by all of us.
0,Totally Awesome series! Words can't describe the depth and insight in these stores. I just wished they were a slight cheaper.
0,Theme is continued well from Book 1 to 2. Characters are not cookie cutter; have different attitudes and lifestyles.
0,The author wrote in the Introduction to this 2004 book, "In writing this biography, I did not want to provide a simple chronological narrative of Smith's early life. Rather, I intended to consider the psychological implications of Smith's actions and beliefs and get as close to the man as possible. Thus, I have written an interpretive biography of an emotional and intellectual life... My approach to Joseph Smith is also informed by family-systems theory, which views the family as an organism-like system that seeks to maintain emotional equilibrium (homeostasis)... I argue that the marriage of Smith's parents---Lucy and Joseph Sr.---like many marriages, was essentially dysfunctional. It was marked by religious conflict and financial burden even before Joseph Jr.'s birth. Other contributing factors were Lucy's periodic bouts with depression and suicidal fantasies and Joseph Sr.'s struggle with low self-esteem and alcoholism."		He also admitted frankly, "No biographer is completely free of bias. As is no doubt apparent, my inclination is to interpret any claim of the paranormal... as delusion or fraud. I do not claim that the supernatural does not exist, for it is impossible prove a negative. I maintain only that the evidence upon which such claims rest is unconvincing to me." (Pg. xii)		Here are some additional quotations from the book:		"To my mind, the most obvious solution ... is to suggest that Smith was a well intentioned 'pious deceiver' or, perhaps otherwise worded, a 'sincere fraud,' someone who prevaricated for 'good' reasons." (Pg. viii)	"I suspect that the (First Vision), or at least the claim to a vision, may be traced to 1820-1821. I therefore reject the suggestion that Smith invented the vision in the 1830s. However, his subsequent alterations ... cautions against an uncritical acceptance of even the 1832 account. In fact, one should be cautious, if for no other reason, because Smith himself freely modified his original account." (Pg. 30)	"Nevertheless, the nineteen-year-old (Joseph Smith) was drawn to the revival and later admitted that his 'mind at different times was greatly excited' by the preaching... Joseph Jr. 'frequented' the various revival meetings, 'sometimes professing to participate in their devotional exercises,' and that he eventually 'joined the probationary class of the Methodist church in Palmyra, and made some active demonstration of engagedness,' but soon withdrew." (Pg. 59)	"Joseph Smith was not under the same restrictions as the Reverend Ethan Smith (author of 'View of the Hebrews'), but he nevertheless retained the notion of a single migration party reaching America and that the mound builders had been destroyed by their own kinsmen. Joseph Smith rejected the ten tribe theory while also deriving inspiration from it." (Pg. 123)	"The principle (sic) participants in the Book of Mormon project, Smith and Cowdery, felt confident enough to baptize believers but were not yet sufficiently confident to organize a church." (Pg. 404)	"Smith found that he did not have to search for willing participants, for as soon as it was discovered that witnesses were to be chosen, Oliver Cowdery, David Whitmer, and Martin Harris began to implore him to let them be included. This was ideal, for the three men were among the most charismatic of Smith's followers." (Pg. 441-442)	"The metaphysical aspect of (David) Whitmer's testimony was noted... Despite the naturalistic wording of the printed testimony, Whitmer's candid personal account described what might be called a waking dream... Like Whitmer, (Martin) Harris admitted to the subjective nature of the experience." (Pg. 445)	"Despite the naturalistic language of the testimony, the experiences of the eight (witnesses) were apparently visionsary in nature, similar to the experiences of the three witnesses." (Pg. 467)	"Despite publicly posing as a believer in the traditional heaven and hell, Smith privately subscribed to the Universalist doctrine and did not himself fear an eternal, never-ending punishment." (Pg. 490)
0,A nice living from the undead, that is what Iris has as she provides goods, like synthetic blood, and services like carpet cleaning to her vampire clients. No vampire-sitting however till she finds one of her clients unconscious on his kitchen floor and brings him home to recuperate in her basement.  Seems that someone is deliberately poisoning vampires and Iris and her undead houseguest must discover who it is.  A nice romance develops as the mystery gets solved.
0,I ordered the wrong size. I ordered size 8 and expected women's. Instead, I must have chosen the wrong option on the order form. Please let me know how to get the correct size. Thank you!
0,Gift - but I looked through it.  Recipes look awesome.
0,Brenda Jackson has transitioned into a great mystery, love story writer.  I love the suspense of the story line I just hate that is taking so long to get the books out. I am dying to hear Dalton's story and how the father is going to be exonerated.  Keep them coming Ms Jackson just a little faster please!!
0,Wonderful book.
0,Awesome amazing wonderful book.  Couldn't put it down!!
0,This is a great way to save money! I was very happy at how quickly my order came and very happy with the great condition of the book. Thanks!
0,a good version of a tragic historical occurance...Chicago is defined by history prior to the fire and what rebuilding transpired to allow the growth to the present. R
0,very, very interesting.  I enjoyed it.
0,This is a wonderful book! Rob and Eddie are two very intelligent people, and their book combines the right amount of hard analysis and entertaining anecdotes. It is both insightful and entertaining, and nothing short of  required reading for fans everywhere!
0,Very interesting story of incredible courage and perseverance as you follow a true hero make some significant transitions while serving in our armed forces. As a vet I found this to be very realistic.
0,I read this book after I had read the others.  I think that I'm glad that I did.  I liked the other books way more than this one, but I did enjoy the book.  This is about Mark and Sophie.  I think what I didn't like about this book is how the relationship with Mark and Caleb went south in this one.  I'm glad they worked everything out.  I thought Mark did some stupid things in trying to surprise Sophie that ended up being his downfall for a while.  There was not as much emotion in this book as the others that I read from the series.  It was also hard for me to look back at the actions of the male characters in this book based on their own personal books later in the series.  So please read this one first so you will be surprised with how these boys turn out.
0,A clear account of Jackie O. One of the best of the Jackie books. Highly  recommended!!!! FOR QUESTIONS AND DISCUSSIONS ON JACKIE ONASSIS, PLEASE  E-MAIL ME AT MellissaLD@aol.com. HPOE TO HEAR FROM YOU!!!!!!!
0,By far John Grisham is my favorite author.  I have not listened to the 30 some audio books that I have purchased as of yet.  But I will.
0,Since I just returned from Gettysburg this book brought the past to life. I walked the halls of the seminary and the portrayal of this establishment was right on.		A person can feel the war days reaching out to the citizens of Gettysburg. This story brought reality of those heart stopping days in early July 1863.		I recommend this book to one and all. God's amazing Grace shines brightly!
0,Christmas gift was well received.  You are never to old to role play crazy adventures.
0,Good plot, twisted and turned in many places, interlaced with lots of humor and intrigue.  Fortune character was well constructed along with the rest of the senior characters.
0,The Life Blood of Ill-Fated Women is and epic adventure ripe with Vikings, Valkyries, and demons. Astrid is a Viking with unbreakable bonds to family. Fate deals her a devastating blow and rips her out of her world. To make matters even worse, parts of her memory are scattered to the wind. Its with the aid of a farmer that Astrid seeks out to rebuild her life and rediscover her past. Dark demons and monstrous men stand in her way. Astrid is tested beyond mortal means to find her family.		Kevin James Breaux scores big in the first book of this mythological/historical swashbuckling adventure. I was compelled by Astrids inner struggle, which Breaux develops masterfully. There are plenty of other characters where I can see possible storylines going. And I cant wait to see how the ending is resolved in the sequel.		The War-field's are cold, the love is fiery, the battles gory, and the struggles harrowing. Pick up a copy of The Life Blood of Ill-Fated Women to cool off during a hot summer read!
0,Lauren traded in her trauma surgeons scalpel and big city life to settle in a small town as a clinic doctor in order to try to hide from her abusive ex-husband. With the exception of feeling like she has to constantly look over her shoulder should her ex find her, Laurens new life is simple and uncomplicated until Marc crashes his motorcycle in front of her beach cottage. Just when things are developing nicely between Lauren and Marc, her past comes crashing in and Marcs secrets threaten to destroy what theyve built.		Since reading Outlaws, Ive been dying for another Hells Seven book so I was thrilled to get an advance copy of Score. As anticipated, Ms. Day delivered with this one! I love these books that are a little shorter when I don't have as much time to devote to a 300-350 page book, and this one was a steamy, action-packed adventure! The setting is so detailed and vividly described I could easily picture the small town and hear the ocean waves. And its always a plus for me when a dog is a secondary character. Great plot, great characters, great chemistry, great drama, great book!
0,As this was a freebee on Amazon, I picked it up. Much to my delight the story was wonderful! It was a quick read but the pages kept turning and before I knew it it was over.		I read this in about 4 hours so it was short but sweet. Honestly, I purchased book two just to see how the battle continues! Great ideas, interesting plot, fierce characters...and I'm going in for more!
0,Alena has joined the list of my favorite artists. I have quite a few of her books and I love them all!
0,Kindle Copy for Review		When a respected agent dies, three women find themselves with siblings that they never knew existed and a dad they never quite knew.  Their father left them a sizable fortune if they would renovate a once owned family theatre in a small town where he grew up and they must do it together.		It is about three women learning about each other and in so learning more of their father and the family past.  It is about moving on as each woman has their own troubles as they enter a new world and sometimes it is only family that can set us free.		We slowly watch as they bond and become a family as they find themselves.  An endearing start as they find  a place in our hearts.
0,While it's good to see a teenager's side of situations and conversations, this book was pretty one-sided.  This book addresses what a parent should say and how they should say it in order not to upset the teenager. When I was done with reading it, while getting some good pointers, I felt as though I would have to walk on eggshells with everything I said to my teen AND if they called me a "bitch" or a "psycho" I would have to ignore that and ask myself why I incited them or brought on this disrespect.  Read this with a grain of salt, knowing that two high school teenagers wrote it.  I commend them though for taking the tremendous amount of time and work to write this book. I just wish it would've addressed BOTH sides of the issue!
0,im satisfied
0,An excellent end to the trilogy,I enjoyed following the adventures of Frodo and Sam and all the defenders of Middle Earth to the final confrontation. What a ride, I must say, and a good ending.
0,The entire biography should be required reading for everyone in the western world.  It is exciting and explains a lot about why the present world situation is what it is.  Martin Gilbert has done an astounding job of putting together the bits and pieces of many source documents into one readable narrative.  Don't miss this one.
0,FANTASTIC DEBUT!!!		This book called to me since it was about a single dad. I can't resist books with kids in them. When I first started reading it, I'll admit within the first few pages i wasn't sure about it. Then I couldn't stop reading long enough to put the book down. I loved all the characters and they had great chemistry. My favorite of course was the little girl. That cutie stole my heart. I hope to get more of Aaron, Callie, and Delilah, but either way I'm definitely going to read more from this author.
0,THis book is so fabulous I almost can't put it into words.  everytime I feel stuck, it's the book I pull off my shelf.  Filled with great ideas without a lot of supplies or crazy techniques.  I love the vintage look and style displayed on each and every page.
0,Fun to read & creative mystery!		Apparently this is one of a Series of "Trailer Park" books -- I'll definitely look for more.		A cute story about a harried Mother & impossible situations only getting worse!!  And a happy & believable ending.		Luv'ed it!!
0,Unexpectedly entertaining and engaging. Definitely worth a read. Loved every moment and will be reading the rest of the series.
0,Great book of survival
0,This is the first from this series and author for me. I will be looking forward to others.  We could do without all the repetition about their missions and her husband's death in the middle east, other than that, I enjoyed this very much.
0,Loved how this book started off.....pretty journalist from New York is sneaking around some abandoned warehouse in Jersey hoping to find information on her father's murder. And she's doing all this in heels....		An investigative journalist she isn't, but Cherry would love nothing more to be a hard hitting journalist instead of writing puff pieces. When she stumbles upon a couple goons during a beat down, she thinks she's found her father's murderers. But she soon finds out things aren't as they seem.		Leon once had ties to the Russian mob, but has since gone straight and is trying to get rid of corruption in his town. When a fiery red head stumbles upon him in a warehouse, he senses something different about her. Neither of them realize at first that they were childhood friends, until it is pointed out by some locals. Then all of those locked up feelings come roaring back with a passion that won't be denied.		The chemist between Leon and Cherry is great, and so is how well they work together as a team. What starts out as Cherry looking to solve a murder quickly gets put on a back burner with other things going on in her hometown. The reason I gave this book 4 out of 5 stars is because of that and how much the author just leaves that part in the wind. That would have been a good sub plot--Cherry unsure if she should solve the present mystery, or stay focused on the reason she came back into town, her father's death. I also wish there would have been a little more in the way of suspenseful moments--would have made for more excitement and "on the edge of your seat" moments.  All in all a good read!		**I was given an ARC in exchange for an honest review**
0,It's heavy history to get into, but a wonderful epic story of the period.  Excellent on all fronts.  A page turner...
0,Great book with practical advice and recent research to develop solutions in organizations, so that they can implement their productive power and become a more competitive company. A few years ago a new perspective on company success has been emerging and the focus is now on staff as human capital, where it is intended that investing in its development will result in economic gains and benefits for the organization. That is why it is vital that they have a context and a culture of work that is adequate for them to give their best, to compromise and to put their talents at the service of the company, to be effective, efficient and motivated to invest their time, knowledge and skills. The authors provide valuable information to identify the causes that hamper the productive advance and diminish the performance of both the staff and the organization's operating model. Also, through examples, they give details for managers to implement actions and how to achieve the transformation of the company to minimize and manage the organizational drag.	It is admirable the extensive work and the quality of the information that in this book put at our disposal and benefit.	My gratitude to the Publisher and NetGalley for allowing me to review the book
0,His books never disappoint.
0,*****received an ARC for my honest review*****		While the story was good, it just seemed to drag for me. If you have triggers for abuse and rape, this is not the story for you.		Nami was a bit to much for me. I understand that she was going through a lot but the constant internal struggles was a bit much. It was ongoing. Once she was able to finally let go and let Law in, it was really good.	Nick Law was a good guy. You didn't know his entire story but once you did, it was amazing. I wish the author would have taken the story with his sister a bit further.	There were some really nasty people in this story. Morris and Becca were terrible people. There is a reason behind Becca's issues and once you find it, you understand it all.		I would give this 3.5 to 4 stars.
0,I love the Spanish language, Ive studied it and Mexico for several years. Reading this story was a breath of fresh air and new excitement in a genre that I enjoy. I enjoyed the friendship the heroines has and how it played out in the story. The love and support between the two. The struggles the brothers had. Then there was the romance, it was good! So good! I am looking forward to more great adventures with this author.	I received this book for free from eBook Discovery. I voluntarily review this book. This is my honest review.
0,This book is so good!!  If you believe in the Holy Spirit then you need this book. the Spirit is in you and we must rest in Christ!
0,Revealing is the only word to describe this book. Not only does it give some background info into Molly's parentage but background info into the other characters as well. I've read the first two books and thought this third book didn't measure up. It may have been the author's intent to focus on the backgrounds which were helpful to get a better understanding of each character. This is a good thing. I gave it four stars because I like knowing all the characters' backgrounds, the whys, what fors, what nots and how comes. The story still keeps my interest but I too think that Molly has an attitude problem.
0,Can you imagine finding out that you were switched at birth and having to learn to live a new life? That's exactly what has happened to Ariana Brenneman. Ariana, raised with an Amish family, loves her life but if forced to give it up when it was realized she was switched at birth twenty years ago. The life she knew was torn away in an instance, and now she is an Englischer with an atheist father. Ariana's childhood friend, Quill Schlabach, who is living Englisch, can be the one to steady the ground between her two worlds.		Skylar Nash is forced to choose rehab or spend several months with her new relatives, the large Brenneman family. No electricity, no fun, and no technology. The one thing Skylar can't leave behind is her addiction to prescription pain drugs as well as a since of emptiness that she doesn't belong with either family.		Will they be able to live their new lives? Will they be able to follow where God is leading them?	Fraying at the Edge is by far one of Cindy's best novels. I absolutely love Amish Fiction and reading about their way of life. They encounter everything as we do. I definitely recommend this book to all. It will be one you will not forget.		"I received this book for free. A favorable review was not required and all views expressed are my own."
0,Usually millennials are criticized globally for various reasons. However, this book underscores the strengths of millennials and the need to coach and mentor them to keep them in the leadership pipeline. It conveys a strong message that millennials are an asset to organizations. I strongly recommend reading this book.
0,Youre a stinker Marko - kept me up most of the night!!! Damn this is a good book. Before I finally went to sleep about 5:30 am I rolled over and kissed my wife on the cheek - she just made me a cup of tea and she had a smile on her face.		At core, the book is a well written, well grounded, practical little handbook for couples trying to find some balance in what are often competing demands of work, professional careers, home, raising kids and trying to be good partners to their life mates.		All of the author's suggestions are little acorns that can turn into oak trees of love. Its all about reaping and sowing.		Marko pretty much says that the book won't guide you on an unerring journey to nirvana in balancing these demands on your work and relationships but he also says that if you practice the rituals for three months, just by taking the lead and showing your thoughtfulness and being playful and having fun youll be better off than most couples you know. This little book reveals very practical suggestions and examples of thoughtfulness and affection, and if you give them a chance they will rebuild your brain in the most positive and magical ways.		The book explores our need for closeness, stability, and predictability, while recognising we also feel a desire for excitement. We long for journey, adventure, novelty, intrigue and mystery.  It sets out some excellent ideas about how we can create mystery and intrigue with the special people we know, especially our life partner. Brilliant. It challenges you to think about what your partner likes. I dare you!!!		It illuminates the notion of attention in the most persuasive and compelling way. He is speaking about the kind of attention that makes our partner feel like the most important person in the world. This chapter is worth the price of the whole book.		Then there is a chapter on having fun. It is seriously clever about combining all the pressures of everyday life and still being playful. There is one of many super freebies the book offers in this chapter - like in every other chapter.		His last ritual is touching and it makes such good sense. Yes, its about walking and talking and holding hands, but it is also chock-a-block with moments of touching magic. Idea after idea to connect tenderly with your partners magnetic field - ideas well supported by neuroscience. You remember how it was, the touch that made your brain go funny and buzz and your hair feel like you were in the middle of an electrical storm. I think it is more than Oxytocin at work and Marko doesnt fail to find the magic in touching either - idea after idea, and not a false or forced moment anywhere.		Do I recommend this beautifully written, non-gooey book of ritual moments of love? Yes. To my family, to my friends and to anyone who truly wants to sprinkle love dust on their relationship with their partner and their family.		The cost - peanuts. The benefits - loving partners and loving families
0,My daughter had this book with her when we visited Charleston for the 2nd time. After reading it (couldn't put it down), we found more reasons to return to this wonderful area; learned more interesting facts about already viewed streets, homes and history. It is a light read with beautiful watercolor pictures throughout the book. Don't pass it up!
0,I enjoyed this novel for a few reasons..		My favorite genre is historical fiction with a full-bodied romance directly connected to the plot and this book definitely delivered. The romance was essential but I felt that other parts of the novel were just as interesting like the backdrop of WWII and learning about the climate of Italy for Jewish people during that time and the harrowing experiences of people trying to survive during such darkness.		I genuinely liked the characters and rooted for them to survive and also wanted them to be together. The h and H seemed real and tangible, they had flaws and endearing qualities which kept me interested. The secondary characters were also likable although they didn't seem to go through the same development the main players did.		What I didn't like was the seemingly rushed ending. I felt that the story was so rich and then the ending sort of felt more thrown together and the resolution was forced. Also, this story doesn't feel completely fresh and has tinges of The Thorn Birds and The Bronze Horseman, which is perfectly fine, stories are going to sound similar to other things.		Overall, I would recommend, this is an interesting story with a touching romance at the heart with plenty of historical context that feels like the author  did excellent research. I think the characters are relatable and the ending is happy.
0,Even though these were written a while ago, his philosophy is probably more current and necessary reading than it was when he first wrote.  I'm a huge fan!
0,This fourth book in the true crime series is as good as the others. It is full of true life cautionary tales about the fact that anyone can be capable of anything given the right set of circumstances.		I am amazed that any cop can face the horrors they face and come out of it mostly sane. This book tells the stories of cops who through circumstance or human frailty do not survive the challenge. From hero to zero, the fall can be swift and devastating.		Most cops have heard these tales before they become cops and still choose to challenge the nightmare.		I hope Zach continues to write, continues to inspire, and continues to prosper from the experiences he shares with us.		Buy this book.
0,This is Book 15 in the Miss Julia series. Miss Julia is looking forward to a nice summer at home. Sam wants to travel and tries talking her into a trip but she just doesn't want to leave home. Sam then decides to run for state senate. Miss Julie receives a letter in the mail from her distant cousin Elsie stating that she is sending her granddaughter Trixie to Miss Julia's for the summer to teach her manners, etiquette and how to be a lady. Miss Julia doesn't have a choice as the bus with Trixie arrives that afternoon. She arrives to find an unkempt Trixie who is not very outgoing or sociable as well as lacks in manners. To top it off Sam falls ill and ends up in the hospital to find out he needs his gallbladder removed so it will fall to Miss Julie to attend several events in Sam's place for a few days where she will have to try to win over votes for Sam as senator. Miss Julia has a lot to deal with over the summer including a beau of Trixie's who wants to buy some land Miss Julia owns but has no intention of selling. She will need the help of all her friends to make it through the summer.		When I first picked this book up I had always thought this series was a cozy mystery series. There wasn't really much mystery in this book so I would classify it as fiction/women's fiction. I haven't read any of the other books in this series so I had a bit of trouble at first figuring out all the characters but the author did a great job of relating just enough information about them and their back stories as well. I enjoyed this story and grew to like Miss Julia and all of her friends/family. I even got a few laughs from some of the ladies antics. It was a quick read and I just may go back to read the whole series at some point.		I received an advanced readers copy of this book free through GoodReads First Reads in exchange for an honest review.
0,good
0,Saliba describes each of his fundamental spread concepts and strategies in plain simple english, yet so concise, almost skeletal with such verve that I decided to construct a wall chart reflecting its contents.		The wall chart now sits proudly on my wall ( in the presence of 3 other wall charts ) and shows the 7 categories of option strategies - Synthetics, Insurance, Directional/Neutral, Directional, Either Direction, Non Directional and Volatility and their sub categories etc.		For this reason I think that Salibas book is perfect for the beginner.
0,I read her blogs every week and can't wait to dig into the book.  Even though my children are grown, I am going to use this for my grandchildren.
0,isreal regardie speaks from mythology when speaking in qabalalistics tearms sometimes that can ether be frustrating or tiresome along with his wording other than that this book is a great introduction exsplaining the seferoth,paths,along with there hebrew connection there are visualization techniques and a wealth of other information as well,anough to keep the mind thinking for a while recommended...........
0,This is not just for young people (mature young people - adult themes!) it's for everyone, and do read it aloud.  It's wonderful.  Entertaining, a good review of of the ancient story of Thesseus and the Minotaur told from every individual's point of view.  This is an ancient story, retold for millenia. Now it's accessible to anyone, and will very likely 1) take away the fear of classical stories - they are very exciting and spicy and 2) give a good introduction to what is to come in the study of the classics.
0,This book was fantastic and I enjoyed it alot can't wait to read more from this author
0,I seriously loved this series thus far. I need more. I can't wait for the next & next & next..... I hope she NEVER stops writing this series
0,she is always up to pare i never miss her books has a lot of different  ones to keep you guessing
0,Nice twists and turns make this a good tead!!
0,Well, the first thing I'll say is that this is no "Inside Stalin's Secret Service" by Walter Krivitsky. It lacks the thrilling narrative and structure of that work, but Pavel Sudoplatov's is highly valuable on its own. Somewhat interestingly, Sudoplatov denies that Krivitsky was ever assassinated. He claims that he would have heard about it had that been the case. He also casts doubt on the state sponsored murder of Lev Sedov. Many of his insights on Beria, in particular, are not ones that you'll find elsewhere. That it was so routine for someone like Sudoplatov to end up in the Gulag remains pretty astounding to most westerners. He was a man who witnessed history so, if a huge student of Soviet history as I am, its a must read.
0,There are moments that change your life forever. For Annabella Baker, that moment came with a dire chain of events. The fairy tales and glitter came to halt on her seventeenth birthday.		Birthdays are suppose to be special. Annabella couldn't wait to celebrate the day with her family. Then an unexpected secret unfolds before young Annabella. Leaving her uncertain about her family. This unbelievable secret that alters the way Annabella will think of her mother.		Tragedy would soon shape the future. Annabella was involved in an accident with her parents. Both were tragically taken from this world. Now this secret that Annabella is harboring is boring a whole in her heart. Faced with an injury that leaves her with permanent damage, Annabella no longer lives for her passion..dancing.		A path of self destruction circles around Annabella. Her actions will affect the family her parents left behind. With her brother acting as guardian, Annabella will test the limits of the law. Forcing all of her siblings to face an uncertain future as a result.		When a new neighbor moves to town, Annabella finds herself drawn to Luca. Their friendship brings a light back into Annabellas life. She is laughing again..something her family didn't think would happen again. Luca is the calm to Annabellas storm. With his subtle guidance, Annabella is discovering that life can go on.		The Illusion of Annabella is a wonderful story of surviving a tragedy. With any book from Sorensen, readers will find that life isn't always perfect. Its what you do to survive that makes it worth living. I love the fact these siblings must pull together to fact life head-on.  Each with struggles of their own.		As the first book in the Honeyton series, the story focuses mainly on Annabella. There will be subsequent books each dedicated to one of the Baker siblings. I cannot wait to see what Jessica has in store for her fans!!
0,Terrific book.  I thought I knew everything there is to know about the European Theater in World War II, but Bevin Alexander opened my eyes to how tactical strategy is made.  Hitler as a general made plenty of mistakes, but his biggest failure was not securing the oil fields before attacking Russia. All I can say is thank god Hitler made the mistakes he did.  The book is well written, incredibly researched, and even easy to read for non-military historians.  Can't say enough good things about this under-rated book.
0,Gift to baby
0,They are easily tested.		Go to a store that sells or rents video games. Get yourself a copy of the top five selling games. (try to be sure they represent a decent cross-section of genres but that shouldn't be hard) Be sure to test out console games (PS2, Gamecube, XboX etc), PC solo games (Doom, any of several Star Wars games, Age of Mythology, Riddick etc) PC LAN games (Battlefield 2, Star Wars Battlefront, Quake Team Arena etc) and some online games (World of Warcraft, City of Heroes, Sims etc)		Play them. Play them all, one at a time or within the same day... it doesn't matter. If you're trying this test, it's because you're not familiar with these games, right?		Let me assure you, you will be frustrated and surprised at how badly you play. These games are complex, with vague rules and little hand-holding; these games are HARD. Try some older games too... go to the video store and rent some classics. I'm betting they'll be a little bit easier but they'll still be HARD if you haven't been playing these types of games for years like other people have. Gamers talk about their mentality and their culture and their "world" and what they are really referring to is their mode of thought process and thus their language and innate rule system. It takes years to really get good at it, best started at a young age too.		Now, with these things being so HARD (to play, to understand, to master, to join in a group with etc) why on earth do people persist in saying that video games (and pen and paper fantasy games) are somehow "dumbing" kids down? How can you possibly believe that? Because you don't know anything about these games. As per usual, it's the hysterical ignorants who are making the rules. Be armed and be informed. Don't let frightened "oldsters" tell you what is stupid and what is smart. Figure it out for yourself. All media has the potential to add to the human intelligence in some way. Johnson is careful to point out that the important lessons given by video games are not intended to supplant the lessons learned from books, fine art or intellectual interaction of any other kind - video games give us lessons we could barely get before at all. Video games have a place in our culture, an important one and just because some people can't see that doesn't mean it isn't there. Johnson never says the old medium are out-of-date, he only says the new medium is as exalted as the old.		Find out the whys and hows by exploring his thesis.
0,Another great novel.  Although you can tell early on who's going to end up with who, it's enjoyable watching it all play out.
0,OMG, LOVE TWITCH!!!! Very dark, well written and left me wanting more!!!! A real page turner! First book in a long time I had difficulty putting down!
0,This is the standard. I suggest it for anyone into increasing their situational awareness.
0,Thanks. I am looking forward to relaxing and listening to a good (audio) book.
0,Pros: short chapters, lots of exercises. By the time you've done the exercises for the chapter, you've really dialed in the syntax for the lesson. This part is GREAT.		Cons: the website with the lessons is all sorts of broken, which is odd. Things like: missing navigation links for all of the expected items (home, contact, about, etc.) as well as for navigating through the lessons for each book. It's just bizarre that a book designed to teach code for websites would have such crappy code for the website itself.		BUT, if you, like me, were in desperate search for something to hand-hold you through the baby steps of learning jQuery, this gets the job done. AND even more importantly, it is SO easy to absorb each lesson that you would have to REALLY be a champion excuse maker to not just plow through the whole thing.		I'm giving this 5 stars because the shortcomings, while odd, really don't detract from the objective of working through the book while doing a bazillion small, repetitive, hands-on exercises.
0,Wow...this book was powerful! I mean you know going in it will be full of drama with this crew but OMG...this one was truly amazing. Nixon still has my heart but let me tell you Phoenix will take a piece of it too. I absolutely loved Bee....she had a personality that I would love to duplicate. She never gave up...fought for what she believed and was a firecracker! This is one not to be missed...the whole series...I don't want it to end!	Sergio is next and I know that will have us on the edge of our seats as well! Great work!
0,Ms. Drummond does it again! This series just gets better and better. There is humor, mystery, magic and animals. The books are well paced and thought out. I'm always sad when I finish one because I can't wait to find out what happens next! If you love strong, smart women, witches, psychics, shifters, vamps, etc. and the mysteries and adventures in life both normal and supernatural, you'll be highly entertained by this series!
0,Great info on French Resistance. Well researched with interwoven fictional characters. The intensity of the passion for country was evident.
0,Fuentes does not bridge the gap between two colossal cultures, he defines that gap.  As a gringo in his own country Mexico, and a foreigner in the US, he is qualified and capable to draw a honest and sensitive picture of these two countries and its characters.  He uses the physical divide to draw a picture of what really matters to him - the poverty and impasse existence of myriads of people in Mexico.  Luckily, there is only a hint of his (far leftist) politics, and we are allowed to enjoy his cultural insight, deep understanding of characters, compassion for suffering, and sense of humor.  A powerful author, but short of the genius of friend and peer Gabriel Garcia Marquez.
0,This book is very helpful for the preliminary planning of road trips in New England. The writers know the roads and the attractions and present them very well. You will be able to make decisions on where to drive and when the best times of year are for you to go. Since the condition of New England beaches and countryside change with the seasons, it is important to know what to expect at different times of the year and the writers have done a good job of explaining what each road is like throughout the year. I was disappointed that the authors did not provide a warning as to how tough the Mt. Washington Toll road is to drive; there are times when rounding a curve that you see only your vehicle hood and the sky. This should have been highlighted. I did not find DeMillo's floating restaurant (a former ferry boat)listed for Portland, open year round and offering superb lobster dinner bargains in winter.	Do not rely on this book for selecting restaurants and places to stay. Space is limited and other Lonely Planet Guides go into far greater depth on B&Bs, motels, hotels and so forth. When it comes to places to eat and to stay, this book presents only a few per road trip. The reader can use these as benchmarks for comparison, but had better do some investigating using much more encompassing guides before making reservations. But, in the end, road trips are an adventure and you wouldn't want every single thing laid out for you. The book leaves ample room and time for discovery.	In fact, I thought that the amount of time on some of the road trips was a day or so too long, but certainly the reader can make up their own mind. The framework is here so you can enjoy choosing your road trip from a smorgasbord of road trips.  Lucky you if you live in New England, but if you are flying in, then the book will help you make the most of your time.
0,As usual, good stories, but PLEASE get an editor.  It's so frustrating enjoying a book but constantly running across missing words, wrong word and typos. Your going to lose readers if you don't clean it up.  Again, your stories are great.
0,Reading Silva is addictive.  Now on to his next book.  That is all one needs to know about how I feel about Silva's books
0,Subsequent to reading this epic piece I ordered a second book for my 25-year-old  `King's English' speaking son who has never lived a day in his life in poverty.  My son attended schools- high school and college - with fewer than 5% of people that looked like him (I often felt guilty for that); as opposed to his over 50 year old mother, who lived most of my days in `the projects' and actually remembers the `government cheese and peanut butter'. I must admit I experienced a rollercoaster of emotions as I read this book; mostly positive and elated that Toure so effectively and eloquently hit the nail on the head when manifesting our narrative.  I had a visceral reaction to the way he brilliantly refers to and lays out the Black `shield' that we must construct and how it gets strengthened (or not) as we navigate our system.  I want my son to read it because I think he will be able to relate to it on a lot of levels.  Being able to apply language to our collective experiences gives them power and somewhat normalizes them.  I want my son to be aware of this language because he's at the height of reinforcing his shield.		On the other hand, in my opinion, Toure kind of blames the victim towards the end of his piece when he refers to how a lot of Black people, in affect, rebuke the system which leads to our rejection for employment and becoming high level executives.  I'm not sure I fully agree when he refers to how a lot of Black people set themselves up to experience a self-fulfilling prophecy.  I think it's unfair to juxtapose my son with my brother, for example, who grew up in poverty with a system that did not embrace him as a Black man with few to nil resources who was constantly reminded of his worth (or lack of it).  He had a high school degree and I watched him struggle and try to get jobs, get close and then see the job go to a white person.  During my varied professional career I've worked for the IBMs, Procter & Gambles and the like and, even thought they did let a few Black men through, I observed how a Black man was not valued no matter how hard he tried.  Also, as an elementary school teacher I witnessed first hand how acting-out little white boys were labeled `mischievous' while unchallenged, brilliant and creative little black boys that acted out were perceived and labeled as hoodlums or `truant'. In my current field as a social worker my heart breaks every time I counsel downtrodden Black men that this system has treaded on to the point where they have given up.  No one can deny the white privilege along with the structural and systematic racism; though more subtle and maybe less often, but still prevalent in our system.  I think this applies even more to the `abandoned' category of Blacks that Eugene Robinson's refers to in his book.  His description of the abandoned:  "with less hope of escaping poverty and dysfunction than at any time since Reconstruction".	Finally, one term that resonated with me in the final chapter is the term `post whiteness' which may be more apropos in the near future.
0,I enjoyed the characters in the story.  Small town folks familiar with one another.  I will definitely look for the next book in the series.
0,REVIEW:	As a big fan of Jennifer Armentrout, Im always excited to read her books. But this time it was getting away from the supernatural/fantasy world and going into something more realistic like crushes, best friends, and one hot winter vacation.		Frigid follows college student Sydney, who is in love with her childhood best friend Kyler. She kept this to herself for a long time and with Kyler being a ladies man doesnt make it easier. She doesnt want to ruin their long time friendship for a one-sided love, but one winter vacation will change everything. Kyler and Sydney are stranded together at his families cabin alone, together they come face to face with truths that they have kept hidden for so long.		Sydney aka Syd, is a smart but extremely innocent twenty-one year old. I so felt bad for this girl pinning over her best friend who always seemed to have a new girl on his lap. I sometimes wished shed snap out of it and just cut ties. But she is one awesome best friend for caring more about their friendship and hanging in their through the many floozy girls that came and left. Her innocence was so real, sweet and can see why Kyler always felt so protective of her. In the end she does make some mistakes in judgment but I felt it added to her inexperience and cluelessness that it made her lovable.		Kyler is one smoking hot but frustrating man. Its hard not to love this guy, even with all of his lame decisions hes such a good guy when it comes to Syd. He protects her to no ends and sometimes his jealousy is out of place, but he knows her best and vise versa. There are so many scenes that I can name where he won me over, but I won't spoil anything! Let just say this man knows how to make girls melt. In the end I loved his devotion and how much he cherished his long time friendship with Syd, even when mad at each other they got through it.		Overall, I read this story in one sitting, meaning this was darn good. My only flaw was that some bits were predictable and I would have liked a bit of surprises or more challenges, but nonetheless I loved this romance. This story also made me want to go on a ski trip and drink some hot coco with my hubby, which makes this a perfect book to read on a winter trip. I will always be a fan of Armentrout and cant wait for more new adult from this great writer.	RECOMMENDATION:		This is an adult novel with some sexual content meant for a mature audience. Fans of Beautiful Disaster by Jamie McGuire and Such a Rush by Jennifer Echols with love Frigid by Jennifer Armentrout.
0,Read this
0,There are areas of testing that the reader can do him/herself that I appreciated.  I use the thyroid test often - sharing it with customers who come to our store.  Of course I also refer them to their physician as required. The author shares his information very clearly and thoughtfully.
0,I love pride n prejudice...love it from the first time I read it in high school..literature class...having a variation... More Darcy ...more Elizabeth... A must read...keep you on your toes. Even though you know what comes next.. Nothing stops you from reading to the very end...
0,I couldn't put it down. It feels like an Orwellian nightmare in places. This book is well worth your time.
0,I am enjoying this cookbook and found the recipes I've tried to be delicious. It also gives me ideas to go beyond what it is the book and I like that challenge.		There are a lot of "soup" cookbooks on the market, but this one is really complete with many options.		If you and your family enjoy soups, stews, chilis and the accompaniments this is a good resource.
0,I enjoyed this book it tends to go into great detail of the story, but I guess it was necessary since I have never been to Alaska or the Yukon anyway the ending is well worth the ride, can't wait for the next story
0,SJW's Always Lie explained how to fight a social justice warrior. This sequel explains the behavior of the SJW, early detection and methods to keep them from destroying our way of life. Highly recommended
0,I bought this book at Utopia 2016. I will not be giving any spoilers (sorry). I loved the unexpected twist, and the heart wrenching story that came with it. You won't be able to put it down! This author is amazing!
0,After reading this book and watching all the videos on website www.timesales.ru I finally came to a profitable trading system
0,Cute idea. Authors plot comes to life with a twist of added characters. He must write a new ending with help from his friends.
0,a
0,Wow, let me just say that the interactions in this book had me blushing, laughing like a fool and blushing again.  Ok, no spoilers, but can I just say that is the most unusual place for a LISTENING DEVICE.  Poor Sergio!  God it was almost "pee your pants funny".  Then there is last interaction in the book, OMFG SERIOUSLY!!!! I think I was reading the whole thing from behind my interlaced fingers.  Thank god I was alone in the room otherwise I would have looked like an idiot.  I am so in love with this series. I knew when I read the first one that it would just get better and better, and oh boy was I right.  It's 3:40 in the morning and I'm contemplating starting book three, yeah, I'd say i'm addicted.
0,Good story about surviving, if a bit far fetched. No torrid sex, which is a definite plus. Ready set go.
0,A British woman receives a large trust from someone on Paris. As she prepares to take hold of the gift she finds out it's more than just money; it changes her life. What an amazing adventure/journey this gift turns out to be. I absolutely loved reading this book.
0,Well-organized, practical advice. Clearly written and succinct. Better than what you'd expect from such a lame cover and title.
0,Mr. England certainly knows how to pack a punch in a very short story that will leave you wanting more.  While it won't take long to read this, you will find it breath-taking from the word go to the word stop.  And then you will say to yourself, 'It already ended!  I want more.  I want more.'  Harry Nichols is a man of action and morales who is challenged by his assignments, yet does what is in the best interest of the majority.  You will love it!
0,enjoyed the story something very different
0,This set of 3 (4 if you include the dog) paper dolls is a great deal of fun.  The fashions are gorgeous and the dolls are just beautiful.  They are very sturdy and we found them easy to remove.  The dresses are easy to remove as well and cling well.  The dolls are two sided so you can dress both sides if you wish.		Oddly, some of the clothes don't seem to fit perfectly well (hips on the doll seem bigger than hips on some of the clothes), but my 3-year-old didn't notice and was completely entranced playing dress up with them.		The box turns into a wardrobe / stage and has a nice back drop.  It corresponds with the included book which has two Barbie stories, both with positive messages about friendship, generosity and having your own sense of style.		My daughter had only one complaint - there were no outfits, collars, etc. for the dog.  Other than that, it was a winner!
0,True love story
0,~ "Hed tried to rent me for pennies and buy my thoughts for millions and now hed get my everything for free." ~		Prepare for a breathtaking and heartrending installment. This series is one tragic, heartwarming and beautiful love story. It will pull you through a purgatory of emotions.		Both characters flawed and defective, and the choreography of their relationship is turbulent and ungovernable. The voyage that these two have braved is uplifting and fortifying.		The progression of Pim from slave to woman has been inspiring. Following her on her journey has been one of emotional turbulence and unforgettable agony. Elder with his journey of redemption and acceptance has been ferocious and gruelling. No two characters are more deserving of a HEA than these two.		Stories like this make the reading experience gratifying. As you take in this story it will stimulate and fuel the imagination and inundate you with every emotion known to mankind.		A standing ovation for a story so wonderfully epic that it provoked my heart to beat frantically while coercing me to cry uncountable tears in despair, and compelled me to rejoice with love and passion. I am not sure on how to move on from such a tremendous reading experience. It ruined me in the best possible way, and I cannot recommend it enough.
0,This review originally appeared on herestohappyendings.com.		I feel like I've been reading a lot of either deep, somber contemporary novels and a lot of fantasy lately, so when I picked up I Hate Everyone But You, I got exactly what I was hoping for - a lighthearted, funny story about friendship and what it means to stay close to the person you love more than anyone else.		I Hate Everyone But You is not your traditional novel, and I think that's one of the reasons I enjoyed it so much.  It's told through text messages and e-mails between two best friends, Gen and Ava.  They are going to college on opposite ends of the country, and they are going to miss each other - especially since they are pretty much inseparable before they leave.  Ava is going to college for screenwriting, while Gen is going for journalism, and they are determined to stay in touch, no matter what.		This book takes the girls from right before they leave for college through until their holiday break.  Over the time span of those few months, they both change, but are able to retain their close friendship through daily e-mails and texts so they can see what is going on with each other.  However, as everyone knows, friendships hit snags here and there, and the girls are eventually faced with a bit of their own.		I had a feeling that I was going to love this book based on the writing style alone.  It's so different than other books because it is told entirely in text messages and e-mails, instead of your usual contemporary novel that is just told in chapters with alternating points of view.  Because of the format, it didn't even take me very long to read this one - I got through it in a single day because I was unable to put it down.		Gen's character is outspoken, honest, loud, and funny, while Ava is more down to earth, shy, and has a hard time making friends.  This book goes through one character discovering her self by dating many people (including a member of her college's staff - yikes!), and another character dealing with her wish to join a sorority and her own emotional insecurities.  We get a good look into their lives when it comes to their families, and see that they are more or less the polar opposites of each other - making you wonder how they are really even friends at all.		Reading their e-mails and text messages was so much fun, and I found myself loving both of these fictional characters and wishing that they were my actual friends.  This is one of those books that I honestly did not want to end because it was just so much fun.		The only real problem that I had with this is that the conflict doesn't really happen until almost the end of the book, and it's resolved very quickly.  I was kind of hoping there would be more after it, but it ended kind of abruptly (however, I'm not at all complaining with the way it ended - it was so heartwarming and you know me - I love books with happy endings).  It's really easy to overlook this, although because of that the pacing of the book was a little slower than I usually like.  As I pointed out, though - so easy to get over because the rest of the book was awesome.		This book deals with some serious issues (such as discussing one character's sexuality and family drama), but is able to do so in a more lighthearted tone that makes the book easy to stay interested in.  There are some topics that are touched upon that I felt could have been elaborated on or handled differently, such as the self-harming of one character in the book.  I felt that this should have been elaborated on past that initial introduction of the topic, but it wasn't discussed much more than that.  It wasn't a big part of the novel or anything, but I think that it should have been more important.		Out of the two girls, I found myself really loving Gen's character the most, as her e-mails were more funny and full of the darker humor that I tend to gravitate toward personally.  Ava, on the other hand, is more of the sweeter, more innocent of the two of them, and most of her e-mails and texts are more upbeat.  Their clashing personalities work together to bring about such a fantastic story and friendship, and I thought that they were both written perfectly.		This was probably one of the best books that I've read this fall so far.  It was written so cleverly and is the kind of book that you will find yourself staying up way too late reading.  It's full of friendship, love, and finding yourself while not letting go of the things that are most important.		Note: I received a copy of this book from the publisher in exchange for an honest review.  Thank you!
0,Dead Asleep was a good read with lots of twists and turns.  I would recommend this book although it did not knock my socks off.
0,These book by Phillip Gulley are so down to earth - I find myself wondering "how does a minister put up with all the different folks in their congregation" - I find myself comparing the folks with people I know (and maybe sometimes myself) I have all his books now - I usually give my books away but I will keep this set - I read some of the books years ago, now, I want to keep these they never go out of style - He is a wonderful writer.
0,Whoopie Pies are the new cupcakes and this book does it well. Recipes are out of this world. Love it!
0,A hilarious and frightening look at current politics. Yes,it is satire,and yes it makes POSSIBLE assumptions on the future but the proven past is bad enough. A thought provoking must read.
0,Awesome book. The description of life in the " peoples paradise " of California was worth the price. I hope for more books from Mr. Schlichter.
0,A wonderful and heart warming story for everyone.  A great tool for uplifting those who are at a low place in their life.  It's encouragement in a small package, but it is powerful.  It is also a great witnessing tool that will get a lot of people to open up to	discussion.
0,I have all of Cussler's books. how can I keep the praise any higher.
0,Great introduction. This gives you the history, thought exercises, encourages you to journal, and gives you stories in case you didn't understand the lessons.  It's almost impossible to not understand stoicism the way the author breaks it down for you. Read this book along with the Good Life Handbook by the same author. You will get a wonderful introduction to Stoicism. After you have read this book I highly recommend, How to be Stoic by Massimo Pigluicci.
0,This Kindle First book is an excellent selection to be highlighted for Prime subscribers. I would not have read this book without the Kindle First program. And I would have missed reading a book to think about with images to remember.  The characters--alive and dead-- are compelling.  The well-crafted story line presents the typical romance and mystery cliches gracefully.  The suspense of alternating present day and revealed past slowly puts the puzzle pieces of characters and story.to complete the book with a punch at the end.  I like the strong women characters who take responsibility for their decisions. That the male characters are scarcely heroic or even attractive with one of two exceptions is probably one of the author's intended  points, but that choice puts this book into more of a "chick-lit" category.  Overall this is a book to be savored and read carefully or re-read to catch subtle details.  Although I gave the book a 5 star rating, I must admit the plot element of men and women forced to work together who then are attracted to each other seems tired as does the story line of men who place careers/work before relationships but are horrified when their wife/girlfriend does the same. Not a serious problem when so many other aspects of this book make it worth the price and the time to read.
0,Loved this book as a child and it's still loved by young ones!
0,This book introduces Instant Pressure-Cooker recipes approach for busy people. I found their recipes and diet plans very delicious and helpful indeed. It is full and well structured recipe book. And the best part is that all the recipes in this book are extremely simple and quick to make.
0,Before I blow more than $100 on something I research it.  This book is great if you're thinking about adopting a DSLR into your digital media creation and want to know more.  The book effectively navigates you through the pros, cons and workarounds of dslr shooting.  I ended up getting a T3i and really like it.  My T3i is used for video production.
0,Everything by Mo Willems is genius but I particularly like these Cat the Cat books for my preschoolers with special needs because they're simple but still funny. Spoiler alert: The surprise ending is when a rhino takes off in a plane proving that he can fly with the best of them. I plan on reading this to my class during a transportation unit.
0,A superlative and very detailed history of the battle. None better. However, there is too much detail and inadequate maps for a general audience.
0,Totally worth the wait!  Jay had done it again!  I thought she couldn't out do Rule,then she wrote Jet.  I love Rome and Cora's story!  Can't wait for Nash!
0,Strong female characters and compelling story. Great writing. I am not getting enough sleep with this series! On the next book.
0,One of the best series I have had the pleasure of reading. Characters are well defined. Story is tough, gritty in your face. Tons of violence and gore. I can't wait for 6!
0,great
0,This book is a must-read for all Reiki practitioners. What I loved about this book were the real-life applications in each chapter. I actually use this book in teaching my Reiki II course, as a recommended reading for students. Thank you for a wonderful read. -Elizabeth Scala, MSN/MBA, RN, author of bestselling 'Nursing from Within'
0,Wow, I enjoyed this book. It was like reading Lost, had familiar elements, but I never knew where it was going.
0,Very nice edition of this book. Wonderful jacket, binding, and paper.
0,Torie Masters is a middle-aged divorcee who wishes her life was like the paranormal romance novels she loves to read. A man who is her true love and loves her completely. Quinn McGrath is a centuries old shapeshifter who has wanted to meet his mate for many years. Meeting Torie has sparks flying and the word MATE floating through his head.	Wonderful book. Loved every minute of it.
0,Somewhat predictable, but a good read.
0,Well documented, well written, a very good read.
0,This novel is a journey... through history , through culture, through war, peace and protests. It covers class issues, romance, family issues all while telling the story of one man and those he encounters throughout his quest for inner peace. Greg lives through poverty, war and extreme dysfunction with the help of a close circle of friends that never abandon him. It is amazing to hear of these tight connections without all of the ridiculous technology we employ to maintain our many relationships today. It was a pleasure to see people do it the old fashioned way. As with most Allende novels there is extensive travel and thorough history.  Her work is not the type of thing you can read in a single sitting but it will leave you with a strong desire to get back to the book. I'm ready for another literary journey.
0,If you are a dachshund owner/fanatic, this is a great calendar. Crusoes owner is a great photographer, and Crusoe is very photogenic - super cute pictures.
0,thought provoking well written work
0,This was enjoyable to read nit anticipating what was going to happen and when.  Pits a good read with some comedy.
0,Love his stories. I have pets
0,If you think that trigonometry is boring and trivial, then read this book! He shows how central trig has been to many fields of math and science. A truly inspirational book!
0,Good book and resource to own...
0,I liked the story. It kept my interest and had a good whodunit plot. It is worth the time if you're looking for something light.
0,A Storm of Swords is a great read. The Song of Ice and Fire series is told third person past tense from multiple points of view with a cast of thousands. Brandon Sandersons Stormlight Archive series is the same way.		The first three books in The Song of Ice and Fire series knocked my socks off, and I didn't even read them until after I had seen the first two seasons of the Game of Thrones HBO series. Since then Ive accumulated six hardcovers in the Westeros universe, and six seasons on disc. Only two seasons left of the TV show, thirteen episodes, and Game of Thrones is history. Im already looking for my next favorite TV series.		When Im not watching episodic storytelling Im reading, everything from nonfiction to westerns, but at least half of my time is spent reading sci-fi and fantasy.		Sci-fi and fantasy authors I like include Douglas Adams, Isaac Asimov, Paolo Bacigalupi, Ray Bradbury, Orson Scott Card, Arthur C. Clarke, Earnest Cline, Suzanne Collins, Abe Evergreen, Diana Gabaldon, William R. Forstchen, Joe Haldeman, Robert A. Heinlein, Frank Herbert, Hugh Howey, George Martin, Larry Niven, Andre Norton, George Orwell, Patrick Rothfuss, Brandon Sanderson, John Scalzi, John Steakley, J.R.R. Tolkien, and Andy Weir.
0,I read The List in one go, it was THAT good. Sara's journey is basically what I'd do if a disaster struck- I'd need to know what exactly became of the people I loved. Shannon Walters certainly knows how to bring the good, the bad, and the ugly to life through her descriptions. 10/10 I recommend the book.
0,I got this book as a free preview through PRIME and I'm so glad I did.  I needed a break from the very long read I was currently in (Game of Thrones series).  From chapter 1 to the end it was intense and flowed really well.  I found myself staying up way to late reading some nights because I just didn't want to put it down.  It's a quick and easy read for serious readers, but a nice change from what I was currently reading. Can't wait for the next books...... HURRY!!!
0,OK, so in contrast to many readers, I actually adored this sweet book. I'm 34 and a huge fan of teen dystopian novels, so having read all the headliners in the genre I'm now trying to find some new reads that keep me as enthralled as Scott Westerfeld's Pretties, The Hunger Games, etc. This one got such mixed reactions that I downloaded the free Kindle sample first to get a taste. I was drawn into the world by the third page, didn't hesitate about the purchase, and didn't want to put it down until it was over. I read it in two sittings, which took about 3-4 hours.		If I thought too hard about the details of the world, or all the coincidences that occurred to move the story along, it's possible I wouldn't have enjoyed it as much as I did. But the book has a naive sweetness to it and the writing is so addictive that I didn't try to ruin it for myself by wanting it to be the next Divergent, with the full-on dystopian backstory. For what it is - an engaging, good-natured, fairy tale teen romance, it is great.		My one complaint is that it feels as though the publishers took a single book and cut it into two. The book ends abruptly with no resolution, and we're left hanging to wait for the sequel, out in April. Usually teen dystopian novels take me about 8 hours to read (not 4 like this one), so the fact that the story was both short AND didn't come to any kind of a natural stopping point was extremely vexing. That is the only reason I'm docking a star from this very enjoyable book, is my feeling of having been manipulated out of another ten bucks by the publisher.		If you're on the fence, I'd definitely recommend giving the free sample a try. You can read it on your computer or phone if you don't have a Kindle, and figure out whether the book is right for you before shelling out for it. I personally loved it and found the tone a refreshing change from some of the hard-edged dystopian fare out there.
0,With tears in my eyes there is no way I can write this review now. An amazing book! Will write something soon.		My review		I feel numb after reading this book. I freely admit I am an emotional sap. I'm the kind of girl that can cry over the right commercial. But it's been a while since a book has made me feel this way. Still I continue to reflect over these characters. I rarely re-read entire books. But I find myself considering re-reading this one and I've only just put it down.		In simple terms, this book is about three friends that have to deal with the loss of one of them. This story shows how they cope and plan, laugh and cry, and then move on when tragedy strikes.		This book's title may deceive you like another book. This book is more than the BDSM title suggest. Yes, there is sex in this book and plenty of it. But there is meaning behind each act. There is a point to everything that goes on. This book differs from the other book that many talk about. There isn't a bad boy that needs to be saved. But there is someone or more than one that need to be healed in this story.		I find myself very much in love with the martyr of the story. How can you not love someone who is so selfless to give up everything for your happiness? I think I may have found my book husband. His name is Kaden.		This author has succeeded on so many levels. I don't know that I would have ever thought to mix BDSM with personal tragedy in such a way and succeed. Who would think a book about this subject would have you in tears to the point you finish a box of tissues? Certainly not me. For the most part, I was unable to put this book down and finished in one day. I have to give my hand to this author and will look for more books by her.		I recommend this book to mature audiences. Those who love Fifty Shades of Grey will love this book. It's is very different than that one though.		For full review, check out my blog: [...]
0,A book by one of the most eminent writers on the psychology of death and dying, this volume goes through what the dying have to say to doctors, nurses, clergy and their own families. Other than the introductory chapters on the stages of denial, anger, bargaining, depression and acceptance, this volume is devoted to the interviews given by severely ill and dying patients to a class of medical and pastoral care professionals and those studying to fill these roles. The course was a collaboration between the medical school and college for the clergy; thus there is a strong Christian element. First, this grated on me a bit because of its exclusivity, but I soon realised that patients who chose to be interviewed by a psychiatrist and a chaplain would probably do so because of an already existing faith, which put things in perspective.	Munch of the information provided is enlightening and eminently current; much of the rest is dated - after all, this book was written in the late 60s.	I was particularly interested in the reactions of staff and other professionals to course and its results - I would hope that, with the evolution of medical teaching, there would not be a little less resitance, but I cannot judge that.	The second revelation were the family relationships and patterns revealed by the patient interviews - I'm currently studying family therapy ["Families and How to survive them" Skynnewr/Cleese] and this was highly relevant.
0,Otto Goes to the Beach is a great book for small childern.  Yes the character development is limited, the writing simplist, and the color choices and drawings primative - prefect for a small child.  I would highly recommend this book for parent with childern under 5.  Tood Parr has developed a highly loveable character and his books have great messages.  Also check out Otto goes to school.
0,It was a fun read.  It was very entertaining for my class.  They all enjoyed it and learned a little history, too!
0,This book was really hilarious and I found myself not wanting to put it down (even though Soda Crush was calling my name).  I loved all of the characters, ESPECIALLY the dimwitted principal.  I was drawn to this book right from the start when the principal's car is put right in front of the school doors. Wait to you see how the principal solves the problem of getting the kids in the school!  This book is about a prankster kid who moves to a new school which already has its own prankster, and it's about cows.  How can anyone not love cows and find them amusing? Anyway, read the book to have some laughs and to see if there will be a prankster war or will the two pranksters join forces and give the principal a run for his money...
0,Love this book!! I have loved every book in this series and this one didn't disappoint. Cannot wait to see what comes next.
0,A delight to read!
0,John MacArthur is the Pastor-Teacher of Grace Community Church in Sun Valley, California. He is also the President of The Masters College and Seminary, and he speaks on the Grace to You radio broadcast each week. He is a well-known and well-respected evangelical leader, so I was excited about reading his latest book on the charismatic movement. Before receiving the book, I thought it might simply be a revision of his previous book, Charismatic Chaos, but this was not the case. The book contains new material and is not a revision or reworking of his original book. The purpose of MacArthurs book was to expose the danger of many charismatic practices. Because of this, MacArthur did not spend much time addressing the continuationist position. He did address the position and explain several problems with continuationism in an appendix, but the main focus of the book was addressing dangerous charismatic practices.		The book was broken down into three parts: 1) Confronting a Counterfeit Revival, 2) Exposing the Counterfeit Gifts, and 3) Rediscovering the Spirits True Work. The first section of the book addressed the theological errors of the charismatic movement and the historical events surrounding the beginning of the charismatic movement. It also contained two chapters based on Jonathan Edwards sermon The Distinguishing Marks of a Work of the Spirit of God. In the sermon, Edwards basically presented the following five questions to determine whether a work was truly a work of the Holy Spirit:		1  Does the work exalt the true Christ?	2  Does it oppose worldliness?	3  Does it point people to Scripture?	4  Does it elevate the truth?	5  Does it produce love for God and others?		I thought these chapters were especially helpful. I actually read Edwards sermon in its entirety for a preaching class in seminary, and I thought it applied to the charismatic movement, so it was interesting to see John MacArthur utilize it that way.		The second section focused on the charismatic gifts, which MacArthur contends are no longer in operation. The main argument of this section is that the apostles, prophecies, tongues, and healings associated with the charismatic movement differ significantly from the biblical gifts and are not authentic. The third section discussed the true work of the Holy Spirit. MacArthur discussed the work of the Holy Spirit in salvation, sanctification, and Scripture. Then, he closed with a letter to continuationist, who do not necessarily identify with the charismatic movement but still believe in supernatural gifts.		As a whole, I enjoyed the book. I do not believe that the supernatural spiritual gifts are normative for the church today, so I knew I would agree with most of MacArthurs criticism. Those who are interested in why many conservatives reject charismatic teachings and practices will benefit from this book. I also think this book will benefit charismatics and continuationists. MacArthur challenges and critiques each group, and the book will help them think through their position and be prepared to address objections. So, I would recommend the book and believe it will benefit anyone who reads it, regardless of where they stand concerning the supernatural gifts of the Holy Spirit.
0,I purchased and received this book recently.  I also read and took the History class at the University of Wyoming, where it was mandatory for graduation in 1969.  I got a C and never graduated after being drafted and loosing my edge mentally. I have read this book and am reading it again.  If there is a better book on the history of this one state, I have not heard of it.  5 stars.
0,I enjoyed and learned so much about he Wright brothers.  This book was a easy read but memorable.  Everyone should read about their persistence and genius.  They are the personification of what made this country great.
0,this book has helped me tremendously and I continue to buy it for my friends
0,It was exciting and different than  the regular love stories.
0,Smith is at his dry, wordy, age of reason best.  It makes me cry for a sentimental novel, but it also makes me understand why.  No scholar of real sentimentalism (as opposed to its strawman, sensationalism) can know what he is talking about without reading this book.
0,Love that I was mentioned in the beginning of the book! :D Thank you! So am looking forward to the book!
0,I am a fan and was eager to read Jenoff's latest.  She stays true to what she knows best, the Holocaust, but approaches this story with a different angle than the previous four novels.  Using the Anniversary Clock as the principle element to move the plot along was inventive and satisfying.  Moving from the present day back and forth to the origins of the clock in 1903 Bavaria and through its movements in 1911 Frankfort, 1922 Berlin, 1940s Breslau, and 1961 East Berlin, this is not just another Holocaust story. I enjoyed the view of Jewish home life during these time periods.  The horrors of Nazi power are evident but do not take over the plot.  It is the story of lost loves, giving up on and refinding dreams, and ultimately surviving life.  The relationships among Charlotte, Jack, and Brian are interesting and fulfilling.  We can only hope that Jenoff will gift us with a follow-up novel giving us "the rest of the Charlotte/Jack story".  As with her previous books, each one stands alone but is made uber complete with the follow-up story. First published in 2007, Jenoff is an emerging author to watch.  I have used her books in book groups, and the discussion is always lively.
0,This book will inspire you to sharpen your own handwork skills.  It will make a nice addition to my project library.  It's an older book, and I wish the photos were clearer.  It's still a decent idea book.
0,I can hardly believe how much I loved this book. Each "course" is a great story full of dark humor and they have a lighthearted air to each approach to vengeance. It's well written. The characters are easy to get attached to. If you only read one book this summer, this should be it.
0,Aaron Cohen provides an insight not seen before into the Israeli military. Being an American he became part of the elite solders of the IDF. His description of the training required is absolutely mind numbing. It is amazing that a country as small as Israel spends so much money ensuring their safety and here in the United States we spend on fantastically modern machines and very little on our fighting men and women.		This is a very compelling story and well worth reading!!!
0,Great book!
0,I am so happy with these mystery novels. I have read many mysteries from Holmes to Nero to Hammett chandler and many more. These are among the very best of this genre
0,Really loved this book
0,This book is the reason I support indie authors who self publish on Amazon. Yes, granted, I have paid for a lot of poorly written, half baked ideas with little to no editing...I do this because partly because I want the author to know that maybe I liked his concept for a story, or I actually do like his half baked idea. Mostly I do it for same reason that the same crazy looking people always come to my house every time I have a garage sale. That one time...that one Elvis commerative plate that they paid 50 for that turned out to be worth $100, that one great find that nobody was aware of.		This is one of those books for me.		This author has written a sci-fi story that contains several things that make it great. First, a believeable, likeable protagonist. Second, a great cast of fleshed out, supporting characters that you feel like contribute to the story. Third, the author manages to write the plot of a story that progresses in a believable, awesome fashion despite its futuristic setting. Easier said than done. Lastly, this author writes combat, and hand to hand violence in a really gripping fashion in a way that not a lot of authors are capable of doing. It's intense, real and most importantly, authentic.		Worth it....Trust me....a random guy on the Internet...trust me anyway...
0,Rather lengthy and in depth information regarding the history of the United States.  I haven't completed reading it, but have found the first sections that I did complete very enlightening.  I would recommend downloading this free Kindle e-book if you are interested in learning more about the History of the United States.
0,good
0,Good history and description of Impressionist, Post-Impressionist, and similar time in history paintings which are housed in the Musee d'Orsay.  You'll feel like you're reliving a trip there, or will be anxious to go there after paging through this book
0,Wonderful story of children's imaginations and their ability to play for hours with rocks and sticks.  Great story that captures my kids' attention and interest.
0,"There are moments that mark our lives. Moments when we realize nothing will ever be the same and time is divided into two parts. Before and after."		My little heart is so full right now, after finishing this wonderful book. I turned page after page and fell straight through the rabbit hole. I am so in love with Sylvie and Linc that I never wanted their journey to end. K. Langston took me on such a beautiful and heartbreaking journey...		Sylvie and Linc became instant friends in 5th grade, after he was assigned the seat next to her. Over the years they formed an unbreakable bond; making plans for their future and always being there for one another. But over time, Sylvie's feelings change toward Linc and turn into something more... love. Terrified of rejection and destroying their friendship, Sylvie is scared to tell Linc how she feels. So she never does, keeping her feelings tightly locked away.		Whilst at a party one night she meets Dean Winters, and little does she know that loving him will inevitably change her life... she just doesn't know how much. Their relationship is intense and a little temperamental over the years due to her friendship with Linc. He is still a part of her life and Sylvie carries around a lot of guilt. Loving two men isn't always easy.		"I might be his cure but he is my disease. He thinks I can save him, but he is killing me."		My heart broke for Dean, he truly wasn't a bad guy. You could tell he loved Sylvie with all his heart. He just didn't want to hurt her anymore.		Linc has always been there for Sylvie, quietly watching and loving her from afar. No matter how much she pushes him away and hurts him, Linc still loves Sylvie something fierce. And after a heartbreaking tragedy changes Sylvie's life, she needs him now more than ever... leaving her broken, lost, and falling into a downward spiral of guilt.		This was such an amazing story about second chances, learning to live again, and eventually learning to forgive yourself. Linc and Sylvie had an all-consuming epic kind of love that you can only dream about. The sexy times were hot and steamy and Linc was damn right swoon-worthy.		K. Langston has written such a beautiful and heartbreaking story that held me captive until the very end. Sylvie is hands down, one of my favourite reads of 2017.		"From this day forward, you will never walk alone. There may be dark roads but my heart will be your shelter and my arms will be your home".
0,I can see why this book got an award! Just a wonderful, feel-good book with well-developed, believable characters. I highly recommend it.		The ONLY problem I had was that sometimes the author confused me as to who was talking, acting or thinking. I think there needed to be better specificity as to that. Maybe paragraphs breaks when the action changes from one character to another--or simply used the characters' name instead of the pronoun. Often, "he" was used to refer to the POV person, which is usually fine, but it was used in the same paragraph that mentioned the other character by name, yet we were supposed to understand that the "he" was now jumping back to the POV person, and not the person who was mentioned. That confused me, but in spite of that, this story is a FIVE STAR. Loved it!
0,Great book for all families.
0,Extremely informative and gives one a clear picture of the religious culture of Islam.
0,How to tell about this screeching fast, suspenseful, story without spoilers? Hmm...I'll just stick to the facts: Life at the castle is not as great as anticipated. Michael, John, Rachel, and the kids Have freed the people of the castle from a madman. But in so doing, they bring the infected running and screaming to the castle walls...surrounded on three sides, cut  off from the town, starvation begins to force desperate measures. Ed, a lone stoner in a rich neighborhood wakes up to find the world died while he was passed out. After scrabbling around, terrified for a week, the infected move in. Just before he is killed, a hulking form appears out of nowhere and kills all of the infected...he is beat up, dazed, and his name is, "Voorhees"...A boat comes near the castle from across the Mania straight, where a mad woman holds sway over a terrified town..an island that has a nuclear reactor running dry on it. John wants to leave as soon as possible, Michael agrees, but will they have time? And how can they get supplies for the bug out if they can't get around a sea of the infected? Someone has to go out there and distract them.		And someone very dear to us readers dies...I'm still upset. In shock. It can't be true...but it is.		This last instalment is Griffiths at his best.
0,Ira Berlin's MANY THOUSANDS GONE records the first two centuries of slavery in the present day United States AFTER European settlement.  More thought-provoking and less dogmatic than Eugene Genovese's ROLL, JORDAN, ROLL, Berlin more fully makes the distinction between the various forms the system of slavery took in different regions and at different times in the period before Eli Whitney's Cotton Gin put new vigor into the old institution.	The book is broken down into three main parts: Societies with Slaves (or the Charter Generation), Slave Societies (or the Plantation Generation) and the Revolutionary Generation (ending in approximately 1810 to 1820).  Within each of these time frames, the book looks at the peculiar ways in which the institution of slavery developed in Virginia and the Upper South, South Carolina and the Lower South, the North and the Lower Mississippi Valley (Louisiana and Florida).  Further, each such chapter focuses on the evolution of slavery in each region within each generation.	The book compares indenturement (and apprenticeships) with slavery and also describes how the influx of Africans from interior Africa swamped the Atlantic Creole populace, contributing to the idea of racial superiority (of whites) and the development of ideas about miscegnation as a polluter of racial purity.  The charter generation and later "creolized" generations were more likely to be able to win or purchase freedom whereas each influx of non-creolized Africans contributed to the "Africanization" of the black populace and to harsher restrictions on slaves and other black & biracial persons.	The book looks at de facto property-ownership among slaves and the development of the slave economy and its importance in the greater economy. Berlin also looks at the early interactions between the races (going so far as to point out that most persons of mixed race early on came not from relations between white masters and black slaves (whether or not consensual) but between indentured or lower class whites and slaves or free blacks.  He also touches on the increasing competition between the white working class and blacks (enslaved and free) and the growth of vehement anti-black sentiments among working class whites.	Informative and stimulating, the book infrequently still tends to generalize such as with the implicit assumption of the general validity of the Woodson Thesis that free blacks generally tended to be more likely to own relatives - which was true (by law - see FREE BLACKS IN NORFOLK, VIRGINIA by Tommy L. Bogger) in places such as Virginia (where Carter Woodson's father James Henry Woodson hailed - see BLACK CONFEDERATES AND AFRO-YANKEES IN CIVIL WAR VIRGINIA by Ervin L. Jordan, Jr.) but was clearly not the case in places such as Louisiana and South Carolina (see THE FORGOTTEN PEOPLE by Gary B. Mills, BLACK SLAVEOWNERS by Larry Kroger and BLACK MASTERS by Michael P. Johnson & James L. Roark).  Despite such expected errors in so comprehensive a work, MANY THOUSANDS GONE makes for a great read!
0,Each chapter is a short story about an animal who is lucky enough to get to live at Catskill Farm Animal Sanctuary.  Just like people have personalities, so do these animals.  It's quite a treat to view pigs, ducks, cows, and sheep as pets instead of as food.  Animals are capable of emotion, and after reading this book it'll change how you think about your meals.		The book is uplifting, informative, interesting, and inspiring.  Everyone should read.
0,Just what my husband and I needed for this Year of Mercy per Pope Francis.
0,This story was fantastic!  I enjoyed the story of Lucy and Jesse!  Their growing romance had some funny and sweet moments!  At first I didn't think the book was flowing as well but then it got smoother as I kept reading.  I kept turning the pages because I couldn't wait to see what antics would happen next!  I do feel like some better editing needs to be done as there were a few words left out of sentences or the sentence seemed incomplete.  But this did not deter from my enjoyment of the book!  Can't wait to read the next book!  I want more of Falling Down and Blush!  Loved the mention of Tijan, one of my favorite authors!
0,This was such a great read.  I couldn't put it down.  I love this clean historical romance.  I like the details put in this book about their everyday life, especially how the cooking was done and the types of food they enjoyed.  I felt the detailed descriptions were well done and enjoyable.  Of course, the happy ending made everything just perfect.  Can't wait to get the next book in the series.
0,This is a fairly predictable book but it is still entertaining. Based on the level of violence, some may choose a cleaner courtroom suspense/drama.		I actually gave it a 4th Star simply because of the violence. Holms drags you into the situation and reminds you of it through the proceedings.  This isn't a mainstream vanilla crime and I tip my hat to the author for that. It is a brutal episode that drastically changes the lives of the primary characters.  In a nutshell, a psycho kid becomes a Marine and a cop to feed his lust for dolling out pain and holding control.  Another kid, a few years younger, ends up devoting his life to helping others and dolling out justice with law on his side.		A wickedly bad cop using his authority to get away with nefarious actions. A judge who'd rather die or go to jail than allow it to continue.		This was a fun, quick read. Although it is predictable, I enjoyed the ride and rushed to see how it played out.		Read April 2015; Copy supplied by author/publisher for unbiased review.
0,Great Book!  History, witches, poison and intrigue, what more could anyone ask for. Historical figures enmeshed with fictional characters, all well fleshed out.  A long enough book to require several sessions (yea) and wonderfully engrossing.  Terrific five star book!
0,I picked up this book without really thinking it would do or say much to me, but suprisingly it is very encouraging and helpful. She does know how overweight or  people who think they cant do, really think.
0,It is amazing how John Mefford can come up with all these interesting books. He is starting a new series starring Ozzie Nolan. In this book Ozzie involved with murder, illegal doings in law firm and many exciting events.  We will be looking forward to the next books in the series.	  Plot has many turns and unusual details making it a challenging but easy read.
0,love it!!!! I love purple and wanted to separate new testament and old testament by colors.  no one else offers these
0,Silva has learned how to put together a really good mystery and Gabriel Allon is a credit to the genre.
0,I really enjoyed this story... We are told how Kates illness is affecting her family in different ways.. We have Jesse, the older brother, we are taken through his whole life, possibly the incident where he didn't get to go with his father on a trip to try out his skateboard when he was 11 to a skating area as promised because Kate is rushed to hospital is where Jesse first becomes rebellious and attention seeking. Anna, genetically selected to be a close donor match for Kate is seen as someone who is constantly used for body parts for her sister. We are taken through her life, from the day she was born, where her mother is more interested in how her birth can benefit Kate than Anne herself. We re also told how there is no baby photos of Anne round the house.  Brian, the father and fire fighter. We re shown the difficult time he has with dealing with what is happening to Anna, something that her mother Sara, doesn't even seem to notice.  He also figures out what is going on with Jesse whom Sara doesn't seem to know exists.  Sara as you ve probably figured out is my least favourite character... She's horrible and difficult to sympathise with to be honest. She seems to find it difficult to see past Kate who is kept as a bit of a mystery throughout the book.  Jesse is left to his own throughout this story as his parents have lost hope in him. We see him as being very close to Anna. Campbell Anna's lawyer brings the humour into the novel, I really enjoyed his character and the subplot of his relationship with Julia.		A few people have commented on not liking the ending of this story as Picoult did not answer questions raised in the novel, but with a lot of Jodi's books she raises questions for the mind to ponder that are left purposely unanswered... I don't see this as a cop out as some reviews have said there just are no answers to these questions in this story more so that any other, it would be impossible to know what is right and what is wrong.
0,This series is darker than I usually read, but love Dale Mayer and love her writing.  She knows how to keep a person thoroughly engaged in the story.
0,Phillip Pullman's "Dark Materials" triology are the kind of books that you simply must read if you are a science fiction fan, or if you just like well-written books... You don't have to be a teenager to enjoy them, but you need to have a big imagination in order to thoroughly enjoy them. If that is the case, go on reading this review...		The "Dark Materials" triology takes place in a world similar to our own, that is at the same time very different. In that world, each person's soul can be seen, is called a "daemon" and takes the form of an animal. The daemons of children change their appearance constantly, but once the children become adults, their daemons choose only one form. Pullman's alternate world has other differences, too, for example the fact that it has different kinds of magic, and that witches and armored bears coexist with human beings. The result is that the world he builds is exotic, strange but at the same time familiar.		On the negative side, the writer also plays with an institution we are familiar with, the Church, using its name but leaving behind its essence, in order to talk about a world ruled by tyrannical ecclesiastical authorities. I didn't like that, and probably you won't like it either, but keep in mind that this is a work of fiction, and as such, its purpose is to entertain, not to be taken seriously. All the same, if you think your sensibilities will be offended, or that you won't be able to separate reality from fiction, don't buy this book. You will be losing a lot, though.		Regarding the plot of these books, the main character is an orphan girl named Lyra, that lives in the Jordan College of Oxford. Her life involves no more responsabilities than playing in the grounds (and roofs!) of the College, and making mischief with her friend Roger and her daemon, Pantalaimon. But all changes when Lyra hides in a closet and hears her uncle, Lord Asriel, talk about some weird things that are happening in the North Pole to some scholars. Lyra wants to go there with him, but is not allowed to do so. However, soon afterwards her dear friend Roger and many other children disappear, and when all clues point out to the North Pole, Lyra will start a journey to rescue them. That journey will take her to many places, allow her to meet lots of different people, and help her to discover new things about herself and others. If you want to share all that with Lyra and Pantalaimon, just read this book :)		After reading "The Golden compass", I thought that the triology was promising. However, it was only when I finished the last book in the "Dark Materials" series that I realized why this triology has such a reputation as a masterpiece of science fiction. On the whole, I think that this box set is a treat teenagers and adults will enjoy, but I believe it may be too complicated and somber at times for young children. Provided you take that opinion and my previous comments into account, recommended...		Belen Alcat		PS: A film based on the first book of this triology is to be released in late 2007. It is directed by Chris Weitz, and stars Dakota Blue Richards, Nicole Kidman and Daniel Craig.  So... you better start reading now, if you want to read the books before watching the movie  :)
0,Just loved it I'm now reading the next book in this series..
0,This would make a great movie.....Stephen creates a vision of what it is like to sacrifice everything for your country, and does it in a way where you can't put it down
0,I enjoyed the book. It was a great read. It just seemed a little "Hollywood" at the end. I'm not sure I will go for the second book.
0,Cute pictures
0,I started to read the hobbit when I was about ten and didn't like the pace of it. Aka I quit an eighth of the way through it.	But I just finished reading it for school and I must admit the quality passes most of my favorite books I have read before. The story in itself is one which envelopes you in adventure and magic. It reminds me of my days as a kid listening to my dad play DND and eventually joining in and having a great time myself. Being a major reader I have read most books in my dad's collection and have selected a few that I re-read whenever I get bored or have run out of books ( Enders Game, Warriors, Rangers Apprentice, Red Planet, and Star Swarm. ) And I definitely place this one in their midst.
0,This was a great book! Full of suspense and action. Another one of those books you can't put down until you finish it! The author did a great job on the plot and character development!
0,good read
0,The movie of this book was the first movie I remember seening as a child so now many years later reading the story is wonderful. I think many people should read it and if possible see the movie, which does not apture the entire story as written
0,Fantastic!
0,The story starts a little dark with the family abuse but keep reading because there is a silver lining in the cloud. Very well written and truer to life experiences. Up-to-date and enjoyable even if you can't dance.
0,Can I say, I love Carrie Fisher's writing style. I feel like I am having a personal correspondence with her. Her books are witty, brutal in their honesty and yet, you never feel the weight of her problems. You simple hear her tale, laugh at her observations and leave her world thinking..."Wow, glad I am not there in person but it was sure fun to visit." And it is. they are great reads. I hope to get 20 more books out of her. One per year please! Step it up!
0,I received an AUP copy of this book through a Goodread's giveaway.  It was suggested, but not required, that I provide an unbiased review.  To be honest, I would have reviewed this novel, even if I had purchased it.		This story is several almost unrelated mysteries in one story.  The relationships are in the people who are the subjects of the mysteries.  More significant is the relationship that develops between 2 very broken people each of whom has withdrawn from the world and from communication with anyone else.  Madeline had survived the murders of her closest friends and feels she shouldn't have survived.  She has been in mental hospitals, has things moved or disappear within her house, and is called "mad Maddie" by her neighbors, the townspeople and the local police.  Jacob, her neighbor, is a veteran with PTSD, whose men suffered after their capture. He believes it was his fault they were tortured.		Their lives begin to change when she drives her car through his front porch and destroys the front wall of his house.  Throughout this story , the reader doesn't know what is real, what is	hallucination and what is the result of someone else's doing.		I couldn't put this book down as I became more enthralled with the characters, their awakening to each other and to world.  A brilliantly written book with suspense, romance, well drawn people and a world I am glad I don't have to live in.  I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys romantic suspense.  One of Christina Dodd's best yet.
0,Such a sweet love story.  I am glad that I have the chance to add this to my recommended reading list.  Walter Dean Myers is one of my inspiration for writing classic black YA fiction.
0,This is very much an adult Cinderella tale of love and romance....ALBAM is a fiery romance with an ending you don't see coming and will surprise you. A beautiful story of love which is strong enough to bring light even to the darkest and unfortunate circumstances life has to offer. Read my full review here: [...]
0,A good follow up for the 1st of the trilogy, Gift of Fire.  I like the family of characters, quirky but solid.  Looking forward to the next!
0,A marvelous read.  Beautifully written. Wonderful setting in 1922.  A love story, a bit of history and even a mystery-thriller.  It is my "book of the year"
0,I am so happy to have this information at my fingertips. This will be a resource for me for the future	and invaluable to have easy access.  Well written and comprehensive on the subject.
0,Well written for all of us folks who have ever been in an alcoholic family,  what a ride. And the legacy it leaves some family members with. Either future participants, or just collateral damage. Laughing or crying so being a part of everyones' life; just seems to have much more drama when alcohol is being consumed . This book is a bare bones account of what you can do to help yourself.
0,Having read Lauren's Dartmoor MC series, (that I absolutely love) I wasn't sure what to expect with this book. I still enjoyed the writing but wished the story with Lisa and Drew had been fleshed out a little more. I will of course read book 2 just to see if the story gets better.
0,I think often: people always want to blame their childhood, their parents, i.e., not take responsiblity for their actions - but this isn't a case of blame.		it happened and it changed me forever.		i just never knew there was an explanation for the things i do, ways that i think and act, and my fear of being hurt.		opened my eyes and i will always be grateful to the author.		a MUST read for those women who, before they reached age 20, lost their mother.
0,I loved this book.  It is my favorite Georgette Heyer novel (OK, I haven't read them all, but so far this is the best).		I found myself caught up in the story from the beginning.  Then I found myself wondering, who is the good guy, who is the bad guy, etc.  I couldn't decide if I'm suppose to love the Regency Buck or hate him because he might be evil not good.		There is a good amount of suspense in the whole book.  Heyer does a great job of detailing life in the Regency period for two young adults whose parents have died.  They now travel to London and are thrown into society without any great hints of what they should do.  I was amazed that Heyer included so much about boxing in her book.  I thought this was suppose to be a romance novel, not a boxing and gambling review.  Thus you have to love Georgette, she tackles many different venues in her book.		The tension throughout the book of who will fall in love with who is great.  The tension about who is trying to kill who is even better.  Then the question of why would anyone in this book want to poison anyone else keeps you guessing.		Yes, that's right, romance, gambling, attempted murder, kidnapping, horse racing, etc.  How do you put all that in one book and make it worth the read, easy, just read Regency Buck and you will know why it is a fantastic read and why Georgette Heyer is worth falling in love with.		Enjoy!
0,I never write reviews for books.. but this one in my opinion deserved it. I LOVE the way she writes to the reader! Anyone can really relate to this book... although it deals with grief it deals with life in general too! I thought about loaning it to friends.. but I have several pages dogeared and highlighted.. to go back and reference to. So instead of loaning it out.. I have already bought it for two of my friends!!!		Its an easy read and I only hope she has a follow up book!!
0,Originally posted at [...]		Where do I even begin? This book has wormed its way into my heart, just like Joe wormed his way into the heart of Lennie and her family, and I think it is going to be a very long time before I am able to "move on." And I think it's going to be a very long time before I read a book that holds a candle to The Sky is Everywhere.  It's funny because I used to think I didn't "do" grief books. But then I looked at some of the books I read and reviewed recently and loved, like Saving June and The Fault in Our Stars, or If I Stay, and I have come to the conclusion that I actually DO do grief books. But you know, saying that any of those books, as well as The Sky is Everywhere, is strictly a book about grief is doing each a serious injustice. All of those books, and especially The Sky is Everywhere, are about so much more.		From page one of The Sky is Everywhere I was hooked. From the beginning I knew that the story this young woman Lennie was about to tell was going to be something special. This book, it's writing, it's tone, it's mood, it's humor, it's authenticity, it's soul, is unlike anything I have ever read.	Lennie- What I love about Lennie is that even though she has experienced a life altering loss, the death of her sister and best friend Bailey, and even though she is dealing with a MOUNTAIN of survivor's guilt, she still comes across as a regular 17 year old girl. Lennie's not prefect. She's a girl who makes her share of mistakes, the kind that make you go "Ooohh...Lennie, what are you thinking?" She's such a good person, her misguided decisions made me cheer her on even more. So The Sky is Everywhere is as much a coming of age story as it is a book chronicling the loss of a loved one. And thank goodness! Because to say that this loss has devastated Lennie and her entire family, is an understatement.	My sister will die over and over again for the rest of my life. Were it not for the elements of a coming of age story, this book would be one dark, downward spiral. But it isn't! Instead it's the perfect combination of grief and hope. It's the loss of one part of life balanced with self discovery and first love.		Gram- Lennie's grandmother comprises 1/3 of Lennie's family unit, and like all of the other characters in this book, her persona jumps off the page. I love everything about Gram. I love that she's not a small, fragile, little old granny but that she is just as tall in statue as she is large in life. I love that she's an artist, painting her sad, willowy 'green ladies' and I love that she is the local garden guru, growing roses that are so intoxicating they can literally cause people to fall in love when inhaled. Mostly I love how much Gram loves Lennie, and how she was more mother than grandmother to both her and Bailey.		Uncle Big- Like Gram, Lennie's Uncle Big  is a towering presence, and he's most definitely a lover and not a fighter. I love that Big is just one big ole hippy, happiest in the old growth redwoods that surround their home of Clover, California. Like Gram, and really the entire Walker family, Big is eccentric and endearing all at the same time.		Sarah- Lennie's BF is loud, loving, loyal and HILARIOUS. Packed full of feminist punch, Sarah is a perfect friend to Lennie, calling her out when she makes a major mess of things but standing by her and doing everything she can to help her make it right in the end.		Toby- Bailey's boyfriend Toby is one of the most complex characters in the story. On the one hand you want so badly to take away all of his pain and hurt and loss that he feels after losing the love of his life. And on the other you want to shake him silly at some of his actions following her death.  A lot of readers have problems with Toby's character, and with his relationship with Lennie, but I'm not one of them. I completely sympathized and got it, even though I cringed while reading it.		Joe- Oh my gosh. This character (*Loud Sigh*). There are many, many reasons why I love The Sky is Everywhere. The coming of age story contained within; the element of magical realism;  the strong yet eccentric family unit; the humor; the perfect setting, the undeniably gorgeous writing;  and the elements of poetry and music inserted. But really, as shallow as it may be, I don't think this book would mean half so much to me were it not for the relationship between Lennie and Joe. In a recent Top Ten Tuesday, Joe earned the top spot in my list of fave Jail Bait Book Boyfriends and the reasons are many. It's his beauty, both external and internal;  it's his genius musical abilities; and it's the fact that he can make everyone fall in love with him when he flashes his megawatt smile and bats his extraordinarily long eyelashes (Bat. Bat. Bat.). But I think what makes Joe so perfect to ME is that the boy wears his heart on his sleeve. He is so open, so honest with his feelings. He just puts it all out there for Lennie and everyone to see and even though this makes him vulnerable, and potentially prone to heartache, there is something so lovely about a character like this. Joe is youth and hope, and the 'joy of life' personified. When a person like that walks into the lives of Lennie and her broken family, it's impossible for them not to fall under his spell and begin to feel hopeful as well.		Bailey- Even though Lennie's sister Bailey has been dead for several weeks as the story begins, we still get a hauntingly beautiful picture of who Bailey was and what she meant to her family and friends through the memories, dreams, and poetry of her sister. This inclusion added a heartbreaking yet amazing layer to the story.		In addition to these incredible characters, Nelson has created a gorgeous backdrop set amid the old growth redwood forests: Clover, a fictional town in Northern California. And the setting is only the tip of the iceberg when it comes to Jandy Nelson's musical writing in The Sky is Everywhere.		Examples abound:		  "Good." He brushes his thumb on my cheek , and again his tenderness startles me. "Because I'm going crazy, Lennie." Bat. Bat. Bat.	  And just like that, I'm going crazy too because I'm think Joe Fontaine is about to kiss me. Finally.	  Forget the convent.	  Let's get this out of the way: My previously nonexistent floozy-factor is blowing right off the charts.	  "I didn't know you knew my name," I say.	  "So much you don't know about me, Lennie." He smiles and takes his index finger and presses it to my lips, leaves it there until my heart lands on Jupiter: three seconds, then removes it, turns around, and heads back into the living room.	  Whoa-- well, that was either the dorkiest of sexiest moment of my life, and I'm voting for sexy on account of my standing here dumbstruck and giddy, wondering if he did kiss me after all."		(If you're like me you were reading that and thinking it was dorky, all the way up until Lennie calls it. Much of the writing is like this. Seemingly bordering on the cheesy or melodramatic only to have a sharp does of humor inserted to keep it authentic. I LOVE this about The Sky is Everywhere.)		Here's another:		There once was a girl who found herself dead.	She peered over the ledge of heaven	and saw back on earth	her sister missed her too much,	was way too sad,	so she crossed some paths	that would not have crossed,	took some moments in her hand	shook them up	and spilled them like dice	over the living world.	It worked.	The boy with the guitar collided	with her sister.	"There you go, Len," she whispered. "The rest is up to you."		You know what I love most about that poem? That it plays around with the notion of destiny. And there are more instances of this throughout the book (some of the best coming at the end:) But even with the concept of destiny and fate present, there's also a definite message of one being the author of one's own story. You might not think that these two contradictory ideas could tie together and work, but somehow they do. I'm being vague, I know, but I wanted to at least mention it because I thought it was brilliant.		There's even more packed into The Sky is Everywhere, more about Lennie's family, her mom in particular, but I think I've talked enough. I'll end by saying this: this book is perfection. I think that if even one of the aspects I have mentioned above were missing,  one of the characters or passages of the prose altered in the slightest way,  this book might not be as powerful as it is. Without all of these parts together the books would not be whole.  When I think about it, I have read plenty of great books that have amazing, well developed characters. And I have read books with incredible settings. I have read books with drop dead gorgeous writing. And I have read books that have fascinating story lines. But it is a rare, rare thing to find a book that perfectly captures all of these elements. The Sky is Everywhere is one of these rare books. I wish I had read it sooner. I can't speak highly enough about it. If you are one of the few who haven't yet read it, remedy that. Soon.		5/5 Stars
0,This story as all the others by Lora Leigh was great.  If you enjoy paranormal stories, you will love the Breed series.
0,I found it a cute and lovable story, full of love and superheroes.  What more could you ask for, really.
0,I was surprised by how enthralled this book kept me.  I never heard of the author before, and didn't really did not expect much.  The plot was woven around the viewpoint from two females, during different times separated about 20-30 years.  It was not hard to listen to the Audible version of this, and I hope to find more great reads by this author in the future.  Worth the time to read or listen, if someone is looking for a good book to start.
0,Another book that really hit home and kept me reading and then just ended. I am not sure how I think it should have closed but it just ended in to fairy tale a way for me to give it five stars.
0,Who doesn't love Harry Potter?  Pre-ordered for my daughter and she loves it!
0,Every, every, every American should read this book.  It will open your eyes to the truth about how our economic and monetary system is set up, and how things can and will never be "fair."  Don't be turned off by the size of the book or the "dryness" of the topic.  It's written as a page-turner.
0,Sam and Remi risk everything they have to find the Romanov Ransom. In unique twists they turn over clues that have been hidden for decades.
0,I would say that if you've read Graceling this book is even better than it! if you loved Graceling, you will love this! If you haven't read Graceling I would recommend that book as well, but Fire is awfully amazing! 5 stars!!
0,Wonderful read! I had to buy and read it after seeing the old movie based on it ... Better than the movie.
0,The book is fine. Fast delivery.
0,I had a hard time getting into this story at first because of the way it is told. But as I read it the story grew on me, the characters are are lovable and I it gives back so much. It's a touching story about a man who lost the love of his life to cancer- but mostly it's about the man himself.
0,A thoroughly enjoyable brain bender for any murder mystery buffs out there. A great who dunit that will keep you guessing.
0,Football has come to Anhk-Morpork, and it's getting messy.  The games are getting bloodier, the rivalries are becoming nastier.  It's time for a solution.  Lord Vetinari manufactures a solution: Unseen University must field a team.  In fielding a team, we see the upstairs/downstairs world of the University, see the rise of the Disc's first supermodel, get a skewering of paparazzi and celebrity tabloids, and witness the birth of a mostly-friendly rivalry between the Disc's two universities for wizards.		It's been awhile since us Discworld fans have had a Wizard book.  I'm not sure if I would quite count this one as a Wizard book -- while they are part of the story, the real story is about the football mania that has taken over the rest of Anhk-Morpork.  The Wizards are the weakest link in the story, with only the ending giving them any new depth or color.  The depth comes in learning more about how the university works and who keeps the wizards well-fed and happy.  We meet another goblin, and we get to see just a little bit more of how ties are strengthening between Ankh-Morpork and Uberwald.		Ankh-Morpork, and the Disc overall, continue to become more and more modern.  For all that I didn't feel like this was truly a Wizards book, maybe that's because the Wizards of the early Discworld novels don't quite fit in to a modern Discworld.  Pratchett is going to have to figure out how to give them something more than just a habit of having three dinners if he's going to keep them around as anything other than bit characters.  Although I loved the early Wizards novels, maybe I don't mind.
0,This was an enjoyable read once you can get past the Amish dialect such as "Daed" for Dad. I seemed to struggle a bit with that even though there is a full glossary of definitions included in the back section of the book. I found myself turning to it often.	The story realistically depicts the Amish culture and relationships. For those of us on the outskirts (the "English") we are given a unique glimpse into the inner community of a very private people.
0,Courageous
0,Condition as described..thank you!
1,This book is set in a post Apocalyptic world where technology has been truncated by some unknown source.  I have no idea what number in the series this is.  It is entirely too long since I have read anything in this series.  This is sometime after the initial characters have kids and those kids are sending out their own children into a world fraught with peril.  The peril is a dark, evil force trying to twist mankind to evil purposes.  The good guys have their own forces for good providing their champions with magic swords.		I must have missed too many books because this book only made vague sense.  It jumps all over which I referred to in my last review of this series.		Polytheism is a staple throughout the series and some explanation of such is provided in this book.  I said in my last review based on the way the story jumped from one time and location to another, it often felt like a book of short stories.		I really enjoyed the first few books in this series but the last few have left me feeling cold at best.
1,Formulaic and improbable. The ending did become interesting and stopped me from giving up on this book.
1,The author switched between past and present tense constantly.  The punctuation was often wrong, and the paragraphs were incorrectly defined/separated. I like erotic novels, but I wish I knew something about Charleston's personality before he went down on Ms. Burgesson.  I was given zero information about this assistant (other than his body type), thus I had no vested interest in him as a character from the beginning.  The characters were cliche, and the writing was simplistic. I wish the novel had been properly edited because the numerous errors were highly distracting.
1,As usual, the intolerant and mentally disordered left pack more lies into another book with ridiculous comparisons.  The Left are more like the Taliban in their intolerance of goodness, Christianity, and morality.  Bring on November!
1,It was a nice distraction book, but nothing I'd recommend to friends. Overall lacking in depth and substance. The grammar was horrendous.
1,Since my previous detailed review was rejected by the author, I would again like to say that I consider Texe Marrs' tome, a blistering compilation of hatred that borders on the bizarre; a detriment to society in general. The "Jews" have been constantly attacked from all sides for 3000 years. Yet they have the promise of survival from Almighty God who knows who they are and where they are. This biblical fact is proof of their eternal survival regardless of what Texe Marrs believes.		Re. the star image of the Israel flag on cover of Marrs' book which he designed with an entangled serpent: the European Jews were made to wear a yellow star in WW2 which the masses said represented King David's star. The blue star on the flag of the sovereign State of Israel represents the Davidic Kingdom and is an answer to that yellow star. The flag is not symbolic of occultist evil which Marrs purports.		Therefore, I am directing this, my last comment, to Texe Marrs, the author:		In 1947, twenty year old Meir Feinstein, an Urgun underground freedom fighter who fought hard for Jerusalem, his Israeli homeland, against the cruelty of the British mandate. Defending his stance he was wounded and sentenced to death. Just before his execution, he silently refused counsel but stood only to deliver a profoundly dramatic end message. Today, with all the group pressure exerting mindless hatred for the Jewish people, one eternal and poignant remark taken from the full statement of Feinstein's message to the court echoes hauntingly from his resting place on the Mount of Olives, when this young Jew stood tall and eloquently declared: '"IN YOUR FOOLISHNESS YOU PRESUMED YOU WOULD BREAK OUR PEOPLES' SPIRIT. YOU WILL LEARN THAT YOU HAVE ENCOUNTERED STEEL!'"	YRR
1,Mark Levin hasn't got the guts to debate Tom Woods on nullification because he's just a loud mouth know-it-all and doesn't have the facts to back up his name calling of Woods, Walter Williams, Judge Napolitano and Thomas Jefferson. What a rude blow hard.
1,I agree with the  first review from Ryan that this book focuses more on examples from the headlines but not the instructions for increasing your power to notice which is what I wanted more of.  I did not think that this book gave me much in helping me to expand my knowledge  or awareness to improve  myself  in business or personally.  I am always looking for books written by people with a lot of knowledge,  research or experience  that are written well.  Bazerman's book on Negotiating was better and I feel I learned something I did not know.  This book,  I did not feel I learned much at all I am sorry to say.
1,I was extremely disappointed when I got to the end only to find out it wasn't the end at all. This is the first book with a very large cliffhanger that leaves the reader frustrated and just a bit angry as well. Had I known that it wasn't a complete story I wouldn't have read it at all.
1,Way too much backstory about unlikeable people.  There is not one character that rings true.  Everyone seemed to have a chip on their shoulder which made them very hard to care what happens to them  It is also predictable.  I knew who the killer was as soon as the character was introduced.  He might as well have worn a sign, " I am creepy".  I finished it but will not buy any more books by this author.
1,The problem with books on social media sites - the text becomes quickly outdated long before the book hit the shelves.  I found this book at our local library.  However, comparing screen shots and information, most everything is far outdated.  This book can be used as a quick once over, skimming for a few tidbits, but generally is not worth much time, in today's 2013 / 2014 LinkedIn realm.
1,Kind of a self absorbed accounting. Lacks much detail about the space station and what's going on from an insiders technical perspective. For some reason I felt like I was supposed to care mostly about the author more than the story. Got boring at points and kind of blah, blah, me, me, me... I didn't finish it.
1,While this is a good story, it is hard to follow the flow of the story. There are many characters and I found it hard to keep them all straight. Some character development would have helped the story.
1,If you have any knowledge of psychedelics or MDMA, and have done any reading in this area you will find nothing new here. While I agree with the author's hypotheses are correct, it unfortunately seems like a cut and paste job of other books with the addition of some case studies of people in therapy to make the text more engaging. Doblin, who I've admired is portrayed as little more than a trust fund hippy. This is an important topic which will hopefully be moved forward by an author more interested in science than sensationalism.
1,Condescending subjective treatment. Written in the tone of a fawning apologist for monarchism. Gives the basic facts of the event but at a reading level of an eleven year old. Interesting subject, childish delivery. First book I've read in over a decade where I wished I'd gotten my money back. You'd do better reading about it on Wikipedia.
1,SPOILERS!!....	I am not and will never like romance stories that have the male MC, Drew, as Man-whore before he miraculously stumbles upon his one true love and does a 180. One reason is that 99.9% of the time the female is either a virgin, little experience(Riley), bad experiences(Riley), or not interested(Riley...since becoming pregnant) while he has been ho'ing it up and having a glorious time just USING women for one thing. Yeah, such a good man. All of this makes me want to growl and throw what equates to an animal shifter hissy-fit. The only reason I gave two stars was the scene at the end when she was about to leave(because she had become attach to the baby and thought it would be hard seeing it every day with another family), and Mason would not let her leave without letting them say their piece. That was a tear jerker. The 2 stars are for that and Riley. I liked the female MC character.
1,No offense to Mr. Lalonde, but this story was just not my cup of tea. If you enjoy supernatural stories however, check the sample out. It might be right up your alley!
1,I stopped reading at 64 %. The characters were making limited progress. Felt the book was pretty boring and really just uneventful. If you are looking for a good sports book, I would recommend The Hook Up. Save your money
1,Enjoyed the book up to the point that they started throwing in bedroom scenes!  There was NO warning that this book contained soft porn-at least that is what it was in my eyes.  Not Happy
1,I did not enjoy this book. It was an effort to read through to the end.  The plot was too convoluted, confusing, hard to follow. I really had no sympathy for any of the characters. The ending made no sense and was unsatisfying.
1,The Only reason I write this review is that like so many I got here simply to make sure this spam mail really linked to Amazon. I never buy anything that is spammed. Plus I agree why make a deliberate attempt to offend people. Read some of the pages one can preview and really this is just drivel with no literary value. Not worth the money asked for it. Even for free I would not read this. Blast Islam all you want, make it funny, be disrespectful it's fine by me, free speech for all but this does not qualify as free speech.
1,I I thought it was  a sorry read and kept hoping it would have a good ending. IT DIDN'T  Sorry is the the word ta	hat fits.
1,This is one of the worst written books I have ever read. The author conflates every conspiracy theory ever invented into one overwhelming world-wide, history-wide conspiracy. Fascism and Communism are both the same thing and the worst of enemies. They were both financed by Wall Street. The author traces everything back to the 18th century Bavarian Illuminati.		Because a plane took off from Berlin the day before Hitler dies it is assumed Hitler escaped. While the Nazi were defeated, Nazism never died and can never die. The argument that many Nazi scientists and business leaders escaped with help from the Americans is true and has been known for decades. However, the book claims, without any proof that I can find, that the reason they were so successful after World War II was because they escaped with all the wealth of Europe. The book gets silly when the author claims in passing that their wealth possibly included the Wealth of Salomon.		As someone who used to work as a chaplain in a psychiatric hospital I was forced to wonder at times if the author is paranoid schizophrenic.		The reason I bought the book is some of things in it are true. The problem is the few facts in the book get buried by the mass of unproven assumptions. Throwing in the Masons and even Skull and Bones covers up the great evils done by men like Henry Ford. It is not enough for the author that Ford was a vicious racist who probably helped the rise of Hitler. The Protocols of Zion is trivialized by making it a plot of the Illuminati which really has nothing to do with antisemitism.
1,All I saw on the kindle was a very long foreword and credits and then a study guide. No book on there at all. I checked on the kindle and also checked by 'read it now' online.
1,i couldn't get past the notion that i'd already read this story a 100 times.
1,I have spent the last four days working my way through this book. For the record, I am an absolute beginner. I have a little programming experience with VisualBasic and VisualBasic for applications, but nothing like Objective C. I won't repeat the very accurate negative reviews that have already been posted regarding this book. I will add my perspective however. If your objective is to get an introduction to writing apps for the iPhone etc. then this book will give you a taste of what is involved in the process. It will NOT prepare you in any way whatsoever to tackle writing an App on your own. The book takes a "just do what I tell you, and don't ask any questions" approach. The result is that a beginner is able to write a few simple apps just by following directions. However, once completed he will have very little understanding of WHY he wrote the lines of code that he did, what they do, or how to intelligently figure out what to do when things go wrong. "Absolute Beginners" may be an appropriate definition for an experience programmer that has a lot of experience with high level programming languages such as C++, but has no experience programming for the IOS, or using XCode. But if you have little programming experience like I do, you will left with more questions than before you started. On the plus side... This book did tweak my imagination enough to get me to seek alternate sources to introduce me to Objective C at a very basic level. Without a thourough understanding of that language any attempt to create and iPhone App will fail miserably!
1,To me this story was well below the Grisham standard. I considered it a waste of money.  I plugged along to finish it since I had spent the money for it.
1,Decently well written, with an interesting concept.	Two major factors bothered me quite a bit, however.		First, the biology of the Anthropophagi, particularly when it came to reproduction, was both implausible and inconsistent.	We're asked to accept the premise that these primates have evolved to carry their young in cheek pouches rather than uteri (which they are lacking), and deposit them within corpses. Much like a wasp who lays her eggs within a dead grasshopper. So these pouches would be like eggs then, correct? They would have to contain nourishment for the developing embryo. But no, they appear to be nothing but a containment sack-- or else we're expected to believe that the young are fully developed before the tender age of two months, which is entirely implausible for a primate of that size. Humans do not even have functioning lungs at that stage, yet Anthropophagi are apparently developed enough to run and bite. Perfect, fully functional miniatures of the adults. I'd also like to know why a hairless creature that's native to Africa is so pale and pasty. And why we're expected to believe that it could evolve to be hairless and have distinctively larger eyes within the space of only one or two generations (24 years). All transparently unfeasible.	Also, at one point Yancey states that only a select few males are permitted to breed. Later, he contradicts this by saying that the Anthropophagi spend nearly all of their time either eating, sleeping or copulating.		My other issue is in the depiction of women. All live women (every single one) are either shrewish and nagging, corrupt, or outright monsters. All dead women (again, every single one) are pure, young, beautiful, and headless. And virginal. So virginal, in fact, that the one married woman who is found dead is the wife of a reverend, and found clutching an infant to her breast. Because she's not a virgin in fact, Yancey has to beat us over the head with comparisons to the virgin Mary.	This book would have been rather good (bad biology nonwithstanding-- if you're going to write a book, why not spend a fraction of a second doing actual research first?) if it weren't for this, Yancey's glaring misogyny. I would suggest skipping "The Monstrumologist", and picking up one of the many good Victorian horror stories of which this is such a pale imitation. Mary Shelley and Arthur Machen are great places to begin.
1,Very disappointed that Mr. Seagal doesnt tell the reader exactly which drugs he was taking when he wrote this book. I, for one, would love to know if it was a single drug or if he mixed it up.
1,Boring characters! As a result you lose interest in them and their dilemma. The protagonist is an introverted character who suffers terribly from having handed away his Down's Syndrome daughter. But does he search her out. No -- that would be too sensible. The more you learn about the introspective doctor who has an obsessive streak the more you realise that his disadvantaged daughter has been given a gift with her new mother. The fact that none of the characters can move on with their lives gets to be very boring. People frequently get stuck in a bad place in life but while in reality one may sympathise with them in fiction they become BORING characters. Nothing happens -- how can it they are stuck. And so the key word to the protagonist -- main characters as a whole -- plot and dilema is the word that I have already used several times -- BORING.
1,This book was full of shockingly adolescent views.	The content indicated an unimaginable lack of maturity on the part of the authors. Clearly written for those who lack any real substance, this book relates numerous superficial ideas and fills page after page with useless data like hypothetical calendars for "child BAPs", hypothetical to-do lists, imaginary diary entries, the names of famous black women, etc. The authors even go so far as to recommend African American women change their "inappropriate" names (LaShanda, Letrice, Tawana, Shameka, and many, many more) to "acceptable" names (Blythe, Chelsea, Elizabeth, Martha, Wendy, etc.).	This book is lacking in reality and facts, is unreasonably idealistic and sends negative messages to it's readers. Simply stated, it lacks positive, constructive, affirmative, and encouraging features. Though the subject matter of this work (or lack of work) is clearly written for the impressionable, I would object to the exposure of such minds to this type of worthless, undeserving subject matter. It's hard to believe that women with such credentials as the authors have done us African American women such a great injustice.	Although described as humorous, I didn't laugh once. It wasn't funny; it was disheartening that in this day and age we would send such shallow, unfavorable and ridiculous messages to ourselves and our children
1,This book is written for children not adults.  With lines like "Inside his apartment, he peeled off the sweaty T-shirt, caught a whiff -yow, laundry time - and headed for the shower" ,the level of writing is basic at best.
1,I have read all of the Joe Pickett books, and this one is by far the worse in that the plot has flaws so serious that the story becomes not only unbelievable but ludicrous. There are several alternate scenarios that could have been developed which would have been believable, and it is puzzling why Mr. Box chose the simplistic, and frankly, lazy option. If it matters to you that the story elements could never have occurred in real life, be forewarned.
1,I am only several chapters into the book but so far it's poorly written. I didn't find it witty at all. Too bad since a story like this could have been written in a much more entertaining way. I don't like the main character at all. She just seems so whinny and not very smart either.		Not sure if I will finish the book.
1,Two latest books in the tetralogy of Hannibal Lecter are weak, disappointing and absolutely unnecessary and I am telling this as the huge fan of "The Silence of the Lambs" and especially, "Red Dragon" the fascinating introduction to the series, and IMO, the best book ever written on the subject of serial killers and investigation of their crimes.		I think that Thomas Harris should not have even bothered with both, "Hannibal" and "Hannibal Rising". Everything we needed to know about Lecter, the incredible mixture of brilliancy, erudition, refined powerful intellect, incredible charisma with inhuman sadistic cruelty and reptilian coldness we have learned from "Red Dragon" and "The Silence of the Lambs". "Hannibal" and "Hannibal Rising" have not said anything better or more memorable than two short scenes from the earlier novels. In the first one, we learn the best description of Hannibal and it belongs to Clarice Starling. When asked about Lecter by a young guard "Is it true what they're sayin', he's some kinda vampire?" Clarice replies, "They don't have a name for what he is". Another scene describes Dr. Lecter's assault on a nurse when he was taken one day to the dispensary for his EKG, "The doctors managed to reset her jaw more or less. Saved one of her eyes. His pulse never got above 85, even when he ate her tongue." You know, I don't need two more books trying to explain Hannibal, to look behind his mask. These two scenes have explained enough. If Harris chose to present Hannibal as some sort of supernatural creature with almost animals' instincts, he should've left him an eternal mystery. I believe Hannibal himself would've considered the writer's attempts helpless, amateurish and simply rude. I am afraid that the creator of Hannibal would've been had for dinner "with some fava beans and a nice chianti" as census taker who once tried to test Dr. Lector.		"Hannibal" was simply one of the worst books I've read with the vomit-inducing, most absurd, irrational, obnoxious slap in face ending. I see a writer as God - by the power of his imagination he creates the new worlds and populates them with his creatures. Once, he created the world, he should give his characters free will; they should act by the logic of their personalities not by their creator's sheer caprice. What Harris did in "Hannibal" is unspeakable - he just showed his fans how much he despised them.		As for the latest book in the series, "the portrait of a cannibal as a young man", it is perhaps not bad, it was an easy read but it is so not-memorable despite interesting and unusual locations and exotic characters. "Hannibal Rising" is just one more of many books about yet another victimized, tortured, shattered childhood and not the best one.		Red Dragon - 5/5		The Silence of the Lambs 4.5/5		Hannibal - 1/5		Hannibal Rising - 2/5
1,First off Allison was very judgemental and so was her family and friends. They reminded me of how people would treat women when they had a baby out of wedloc. That brought the story down. I had to make myself keep reading. Here is a man who is a bachelor and he just finds out he's a father and he immediately does everything he can to take care of his child. They didn't care about that, they just wanted to keep throwing his past in his face.  The conflict in this story felt forced and drawn out. So the hero had a baby out of wedlock. At least he was man enough to step up and be a father.
1,I am used to reading dense non-fiction, but this book never really engaged me.  I feel my disconnect with the book had to deal with the nature of it's structure.  Some vague subject is brought up and then a few examples of those ideas are discussed, but i never felt a tight narrative thread, i felt the examples really didn't support vague subject and I was left wondering what it was all about.		I must admit I only listened to about 4 chapters of the audio book, so i didn't make it through the whole thing so it may have gotten better.  But it struck me as the type of book with a whole lot of scholarly language and posturings but very little pertinent content.  Maybe i was thinking this would be more like Timothy Ferris's Coming of Age in the Milky Way (a history of Human Epistemology), but this was far more rambling and unspecific in it's execution.
1,As a born and bred Southerner (with Yankee parents if that makes anyone feel better), within the first few pages of this book, I was insulted, flabbergasted and amazed at the stereotyping and outright ridiculousness of the authors' portrayal of the south. I've lived in South Carolina, Louisiana, Florida and North Carolina and NEVER have I heard anyone seriously refer to the Civil War as "The War Between the States" or, even more laughably, as "The War of Northern Aggression" outside of historical references from 150 years ago.	I immediately thought, "Are they joking? They couldn't possibly think this is true." But it only got worse.	Vicious possums that apparently are everywhere and require weapons made up of chunks of concrete (from the horribly broken down roads, of course) to fend off? Big hair, suspicion of outsiders and anyone different and awful accents (even written)? Check, check and check. I'm surprised they didn't have the characters wiping drool off of their chins every so often.	I have to wonder if the authors have ever even been to the south at all. It was so terrible that I was caught between laughing and being angry half the time. And the sad thing is people actually read this and think it's accurate!	I realize this is not a review of the story, but it was very hard for me to get past the absolute disrespect and lack of even basic knowledge of people in the south (guess what? They are just like everybody else, everywhere else and no, it's not okay to make fun of or stereotype them just because you are too lazy or too prejudiced to do otherwise). I gave it two stars because I know I'm being unfair to the story itself, but try a little harder not to take your stereotypes and run with them. It's very obvious you have no idea what you're talking about.
1,Terribly overwritten in places as the author aspires to writing great literature, unfortunately her characters seem to have tumbled out of a Mills & Boon.  Inspector Lynley is achingly predictable, whereas Havers is actually quite unpleasant.  Then there's the sub-plot regarding St James and his beautiful wife which goes nowhere, other then to create some angst for Lynley even though it's ANOTHER woman he appears to love.  It's interesting to note that all the posh women in this book are all described as being beautiful but poor old working class Havers is stuck with being plain, having bad taste in clothes and being continually sweaty.  The working relationship between Lynley and Havers is interesting.  The final revelation of the crime is effective.  Unfortunately as a whole the book is difficult to take seriously, it lurches too often into unintended parody for it to be truly effective.
1,The basic premise, that the main character is will go blind from Retinitis Pigmentosa in 6-8 weeks, is incorrect. It takes years, not weeks, for RP to progress. Also, the descriptions of the symptoms are inaccurate (e.g., "... the thickening RP line, which had become central to my vision ..."). RP symptoms begin in the periphery and slowly progress inward; central vision is not affected until endstage RP (and many patients retain central vision until late in life).  The author should have done her homework; it's very easy to find information on RP. Due to these basic errors about the course and symptoms of RP, I had no confidence in the author's credibility regarding anything else in the book.
1,Von Daniken represents the worst of the archaeological community.  When pressed to write a paper about pseudoscience and bad archaeology, I turned to this book, which yielded plenty of material.	Von Daniken simply refuses to put any of his "studies" into their proper cultural context -  which is dangerous and simply wrong.  I am all for new ways of thinking, but this is not enough to even raise an eyebrow.	Past civilizations deserve credit for their astounding achievements; Von Daniken yanks it away and hands it over to ET.
1,If this were advertised as a book on "how to establish a Cidery" which happened to have info useful to the homebrewer I would have cut it a lot more slack, but as advertised it's deeply disappointing. While I did enjoy the level of detail regarding some aspects of brewing such as the importance of acidity, the 50 page "how to start your own orchard" section was a complete waste of time, as were the neurotically detailed breakdowns of common apple types by region. Anyone looking to start an entire orchard should perhaps be pointed at another more thorough text so that that 50 pages could be reclaimed for, oh, I dunno, brewing? It's pretty badly organized considering it's a third edition, and furthermore it's highly repetitive.		Any brew text that chooses to devote multiple chapters lovingly detailing (and in some cases diagramming) the multitudinous types of equipment used to reduce apples to juice and then repeatedly recommends MOUTH STARTING a siphon for bottling has its head screwed on the wrong way. Fermenting methodologies listed are limited to wild open fermentation or sulfiting the living daylights out of things, and the idea that one might use different yeasts is barely acknowledged.		The only thing to be said for adding this book to your library is its section on "beyond cider" which included a discussion of vinegar, canning, cooking with cider and (perhaps most interestingly) distilling Apple Jack and Apple Brandy. While the authors are very careful to state repeatedly that the production of hard alcohol (even via freeze distillation) is most definitively illegal in the US and that these are not directions (merely information in the interest of completeness) they then go on to give a fairly complete basic rundown on home distillation via multiple methods (including tables, construction details, and diagrams) and the best ways to finish products gained from these methods. Not to say this has any use to the homebrewer either, but at least it's interesting.
1,It was nice to see the loyalty and care the older brother gave his younger brother.  It was a real challenge for the older brother to look ahead and see that he had quite a responsibility, but it just wasn't my kind of story.
1,I suffered through this book.  Hard to believe it was ever published.  Very amateurish. Names, plot, everything.  Actually bought it by mistake thinking it was by James Patterson.  I'll be more careful in the future.
1,Incorrectly categorized
1,I read this book because of the great reviews and also because I've seen previews for the movie and like to read the novel before seeing the film.		After reading the first 12% (I have a Kindle) of the book, I still wasn't interested in the story and asked friends who have completed the novel if it's worth continuing, they all gave me rave reviews and so I went on.  Throughout the whole book I just couldn't wait for it to finally end, firstly because I don't like to start a book and not finish it, and also because I kept telling myself maybe it would get better.		To me, this seems to be a case of the author trying way too hard to write an important novel.  There is just way too much detail about mundane things and too many sparkly descriptions that had me literally rolling my eyes at some points.  The book might have been better if it had been shortened by 1/3 by cutting out all of the filler and just getting on with the story.		Not only was I annoyed most of the time while reading it, but the ending was completely frustrating and disappointing.  SPOILER: the murderer that readers are waiting for to be caught the whole book dies before he's found by authorities, and secondly Suzie is brought back to Earth temporarily in her friend Ruth's body (eye roll) and then she wastes her last precious hours back having sex with her childhood crush.  In my mind I was screaming at her to go see her family, or I don't know, at least tell the object of her affection that...well, her body is in a safe in the sink hole they were just at.		I'm going to watch the movie tonight, and I hope that it's much better than the book like some other people are saying.  I can see how maybe this book is more meaningful for people who have lost somebody they are close to, personally (and thankfully, knock on wood) I've have yet to go through anything like that.
1,Same as last year - just the signs are reajusted to fill-in different signs. Not a good impression as some signs actually recopied to the wrong star sign.  Poor show!
1,Every few years the publishing world goes crazy over the next big thing.  Basically the latest Stephen King novel, the new Oprah's Book Club selection, or magical books about a wizard named Harry grasp the world's attention for a few months.  While nothing changes in the real world, a handful of books allow the publishing world to breathe a collective sigh of relief.  People can and still do read books.		Unlike movies, television, or music, literature needs to hold our attention for more than just a few moments.  Who's going to pay thirty bucks for the latest John Grisham novel when they can't get past the first couple of pages?  The question of whether a book grabs me and keeps me reading plagues my mind.  How many well written books have I put down to never pick back up again? That's why it was amazing that I finished THE DAVINCI CODE.  A book so lacking in anything remotely compelling that the only reason it exists is because it's such a fast read.		Robert Langdon has been called to the Louvre to answer questions about the death of Jacques Sauniere. Sauniere is the curator of the Louvre and was supposed to have drinks with Langdon that evening.  His body was found naked  in a weird pose with ominous words surrounding him. His final written words "P.S. find Robert Langdon." Soon Langdon discovers he is the prime suspect in Sauniere's murder.  But he has some friends to help him prove his innocence, like Sophie, Sauniere's estranged granddaughter, and his old friend Sir Leigh Teabing.  With their help,  Langdon sets out on an adventure to save his good name.  In the process he stumbles upon a mystery that could change the course of human history forever.		I started reading this book because I had heard so many good things.  I had followed the controversy and it interested me.  But mostly it was because a close friend kept asking me what I thought of the darn thing.  So I grabbed the value priced paperback and began reading.  I set the book down about fifty times each time I begged myself not to finish it.  But alas I did and it was only after the finished the book that I realized this would make a far better movie.		Dan Brown's book is so simple. The chapters are about a page and half long and the story so riddled with modern day movie cliches.  I found myself not invested in the story as much as tearing apart its faulty logic.  If you don't realize who the bad guy is about 15 minutes before you even meet him, you've obviously never been to the movies. It's not that Brown doesn't try to pull out all the stops.  I found the renegade Super-Catholic and the crazy albino monk to be the most compelling characters and vastly underutilized.		Robert Langdon is supposed to be this great doctor of symbology.  But he makes mistakes at every turn. Brown actually writes an entire chapter about how he can't figure out some strange DaVinci language.  Alas, it was English written backwards with some swoopy curves.  Even I could see that with my own two eyes and I'm not a symbologist. Hmmm..... maybe I missed my calling.		To cover up the weakness in plot Brown fills the story up with what has been pissing off Catholics and to some extent Protestants for a couple of hundred years.  You see, many hundreds of years ago a bunch of wacky nuts named the Gnostics decided they like this Jesus cat but didn't like the whole religion part. So they stripped the Bible of its religious content and filled in the hole with a story involving Jesus getting married and moving to Europe.  Then they convinced a bunch of guys that the Catholic church covered up the story thus deceiving millions of people around the world.  Trust me, it's all bunk.  Any freshman history major can tell you that the Gnostic gospels (the earliest written at least 150 years after the events of the Bible) cannot be considered eye-witness accounts even though the Gnostics claim they were.		Brown does nothing to clarify this. His theories and research do nothing but cast doubt.  His research runs the gamut from interesting to just plain silly.  I especially loved his nod to The Little Mermaid.  But at heart, his character's discussions are so convoluted I kept thinking back to my argumentation class in college where I learned of a little guy named Occam and his Razor.  In essence "the simplest answer is usually the best answer."  But The Davinci Code only offers convoluted proof to what should be a lot simpler.		What makes Dan Brown's research even more pointless is that he allows his book to end on this silly and yet astoundingly stupid statement about what "the Holy Grail" is or is not.  It really begs the question "Why such a high body count?" They went through all that for some idealistic claptrap?  If I were Robert Langdon I would have quit my job and become a greeter at Wal-Mart after that reveal.		The Davinci Code is a badly written farce of a book.  With tons of great literature why is this the best-selling fiction novel of all time?  I guess because it's easy to finish.  But if you're looking for some insight on DaVinci, or symbology, or even good character development then The Davinci Code is not worth your time.  I'm curious though.  I wonder if  the movie will feature the scene with the old people having sex.  That would be funny!
1,To conquer frustration, one must remain intensely focused on the outcome, not the obstacles.		----T.F. Hodge		Paulo Coelho, the international bestselling author, has penned a compelling tale of love and infidelity mixed with the good ol' Coelho style of philosophy in his book, Adultery. This story is centered around a married woman who is lucky enough to have a good, rich and loving husband and two beautiful kids and a grand house, yet she still longs for some drama in her marriage to be specific, she needs excitement in her life as well as in her marriage.		Synopsis:		The thought-provoking new novel from the international bestselling author whose words change lives.		Linda knows she's lucky.		Yet every morning when she opens her eyes to a so-called new day, she feels like closing them again.		Her friends recommend medication.		But Linda wants to feel more, not less.		And so she embarks on an adventure as unexpected as it is daring, and which reawakens a side of her that she - respectable wife, loving mother, ambitious journalist - thought had disappeared.		Even she can't predict what will happen next...		Adultery, the provocative new novel by Paulo Coelho, best-selling author of The Alchemist and Eleven Minutes, explores the question of what it means to live life fully and happily, finding the balance between life's routine and the desire for something new.		If Fifty Shades of Grey by E.L. James was a book to give wet dreams to the bored housewives, then Adultery by Paulo Coelho is the book that put those wet dreams of the bored housewives into motion, to be specific, giving them wings and making them real! So if you want to see those weird fantasies in your life, then do not forget to pick up a copy of Adultery.		Although the author here diligently enlightens his readers to follow the footsteps of the protagonist, Linda, who infidel-ed her way to excitement in her marriage. Well from now, I shall not expect anything from my favorite authors. I mean this was the author who first intrigued me with the word "philosophy" and "faith" when I was in Grade 8 through his debut phenomenal book, The Alchemist. And today, 11 years later, I'm so ashamed of myself that I once found solace and meaning in the words of this author. If every author wants to follow the footsteps of E.L.James, then there won't be any more good authors left on this planet. Let's just say, Adultery was a softer and a decent version of Fifty Shades of Grey, the former being a bit more from the philosophical or religious in its approach.		There is nothing in this story to hold on to. I mean it is not the right way to bring excitement or happiness in one's marriage that has lost its charm, by cheating on your spouse! OMG! Disgrace!	This book is on my TBR since 2014, and due to the book reviews of other readers, it made me to shove the book further down the TBR pile, but now its time to clear my list and hence I had to read this pathetic book. Thank god, I did not buy this book, as it was gifted to me by my friend, anyways, I can't say "NO" to books when it comes to gifts!		The writing is the Coelho style, emphatic yet thoughtful. The pacing as well as narration, both, are perfect for the story. What bothers me is the story, rather say the content, and this is where I'm failing to put words to my feelings that this book must be skipped by each and everyone, even the ones who loves to read erotica. The message of the book is loud and clear, CHEAT YOUR SPOUSE openly and shamelessly.		The author makes the carnal desires of a woman so religious and sacred. Can't believe this! Yes I agree with the author's words that Love is an art but I can not agree on this fact that you need to sleep with someone else to make your love with your spouse artsy! But anyhow, various people can have various opinion on this fact, and I think it is logically not correct. And if you have some conscience, then you will not hurt your loved ones just to make the relationship exciting!		This book disappointed me completely! I do not hate t, but I just don't like the story, as it is crappy, meaningless and selfish!
1,Church size has been a topic of conversation for quite a few years and this conversation seems to go in cycles - at times bigger is said to better but then at other times smaller is said to be better.  Brandon O'Brien seeks to address this topic in his book titled, "The Strategically Small Church."  O'Brien was a pastor of smaller churches and that gives him first hand understanding of the strengths and weaknesses of the small church.  The weaknesses of the small church are easy to recognize and many churches focus on their weaknesses instead of their strengths.  O'Brien identifies six strengths that he thinks the small church has over a larger church - evangelism, authenticity, leanness, discipleship, intergenerational ministry and leadership training.  He highlights these strengths with actual ministry examples.		I had trouble with this book for three reasons.  First of all, O'Brien says that the smaller church has the strategic advantage over the larger in these six areas of ministry.  This statement implies that larger churches are not as effective in these six areas of ministry.  I don't think that this is a fair statement by O'Brien.  Obviously this six areas of ministry will be lived out differently in any size church, but it is very difficult, and ultimately unhealthy, to rank effectiveness according to church size.		Secondly, O'Brien utilizes a very broad category of "small" church.  He mainly references churches under 300 in average attendance.  This category is way too broad.  A church of 300 ministers much differently than a church of 15.  For this reason you cannot generalize ministry effectiveness of all churches 300 and smaller.		Finally, unfortunately, O'Brien perpetuates the unhealthy church size conversation cycle.  He is saying that smaller is "better" than larger.  Just because you are small church does not mean you are effective in these six areas of ministry.  And just because you are larger church does not mean you are not effective in these six ministry areas.  Playing the comparison game in ministry is never healthy.  More often than not it leads to unhealthy conclusions and attitudes.		It some ways I feel this book wasted a great opportunity to highlight areas of ministry that the small church can excel at without comparing to larger churches.  In other ways O'Brien does highlight some possible strengths of the smaller church.  Read this book with a discerning eye.		I received this book free from Bethany House.  Obviously, receiving it free did not affect my review of this book.
1,There are so many good books out there, I would suggest a different one than this, too hard to follow.
1,I didn't really lije the book.  I really didn't care about the characters nor their story.  It was not interesting and didn't dig into the characters's lives.  I would not recommend it.
1,Small booklet, pictures were not good quality at all.  Waste of money.  I am not going to relist it because i don't want someone else to buy it and regret it.  i am throwing it away.
1,Just like eating a banana cream pie, this book is fluffy, mildly pleasant, quite sweet and rather disappointing once it's finished.  What really got me down was how predictable it was.  The basic story line is:  Manly, powerful wizard meets sweet & womanly wanna-be wizard, they marry and SURPRISE!!  It turns out that she's actually a repressed enchantress who is as powerful as her new husband, but her powers don't appear until she's done the horizontal lambada with Manly Man.  The Manly Man gets all mixed up in the doings of those silly Scottish clans and their attempt to put Bonnie Prince Charlie on throne, & the only person who can stop him is (SURPRISE!!!) his womanly wife.  And OF COURSE, betraying him like that almost wrecks their marriage but when he decides to "get" her he realizes he really loves her & is all fuzzy-wuzzy in touch with his feelings when he finds out that she's pregnant with the baby that was conceived on the night when they lambada'd for the last time prior to her betraying him (ANOTHER SURPRISE!!!) and she wasn't going to tell him because it was all she had left of their great & glorious love.  There are also appearances by the required stereotypical romance novel support characters--the devastatingly handsome and very lonely Falcon (sense another book in the works here, ladies?), the peppery & tomboyish younger sister to Manly Man (sense a possible mate for the Lonely Falcon?), the crusty and loyal housekeeper who is willing to betray Manly Man with Womanly Woman to protect her family, and OF COURSE the elderly Woman-As-A-Substitute-Mother who counsels Womanly Woman to marry Manly Man.  I think I've said enough.  If you read this book with low expectations, you will be very satisfied, although the love scenes reminded me of the mating dance of the common guppy (it's hilarious because every time Manly Man gets horny, he loses control of his powers and almost zaps himself & Womanly Woman with lightening since he's a weather mage).  Read it, don't buy it, and don't recommend it to anyone you really want to have a good opinion of your literary tastes.
1,I'm convinced the good reviews must be by friends of the author. The story was mediocre at best, predictable and I'm still shaking my head at all the supposed great historical references that so many have noted.	Set in Omaha a year after Nebraska became a state, it was a typical frontier town and other than mentioning Center street it could have been any town in the new territories.	The characters were typical for this genre, right down to the strong, handsome sheriff.	My biggest complaint was the formatting. It was worse than any book I've read in 600+ for the Kindle. I've self-published to Kindle for family members and know the errors in this book could have and should have been easily fixed.	Two stars for the time period and the good looking sheriff.
1,This was a tough one to get through. The book is overloaded with unimportant details that the narrator observes (this is supposedly part of her characterization) but it doesn't add much to the novel. Perfectly mundane actions (both in the description and what's described) like making tea, sewing, etc., are described in unremarkable, excruciating detail.		Also, we're given access to the narrator's thought processes in terms of sewing or fashion choices, but hardly ever on things that really matter. Thus, the reader gets a cheaply-wrought sense of surprise because despite all the narrator's internal chatter, the reader has no clue about who the narrator is. Perhaps this is intentional, a book about a character's lack of self-knowledge and the avoidance of painful topics, but the author's use of detail is too scattershot to make much of an impact.		Many of the plotlines and characters are underdeveloped. Her mother is a therapist, but I don't get any sense of that in any of their interactions. Simon is supposedly her closest (platonic) friend in New York and yet he fades out of the book. The narrator leaves town without a word, rarely contacts her crippled fiance over the months she is gone, and yet her fiance seems strangely accepting of her behavior.		This is supposed to be a realistic meditation on issues of self-determination versus community expectations, but it just doesn't add up.
1,I was recommended this book by colleagues and friends.		I read through it and realized if one truly follows the suggestions in this book, one is more likely to suffer from delusions than to actually get what they want. I mean how on earth can one imagine that the universe will work toward making our wish come true just because we express it?		Common sense would tell us to  make the best of our situation. To take life as it comes. being positive works when we see the good of our situation, not worry about what we cannot have and enjoy the present moment for what it is. This book does the opposite. It tells us go all out and wish hard for things we want. To not accept the way things are and to not make the best of things!
1,I almost bought this but then found through the library and am glad I didn't spend the money. There's not enough in here on the principles of feldenkrais and the idea of how learning takes place. But my biggest beef is the author's egomania. He is constantly saying, "I did this," and she accredits me for changing her life," blah blah blah. This ego trip is a real turn off.
1,In a way I want to thank my friend for lending me this book as I didn't have to spend any money on it.  On the other hand, I wanna back hand her for giving me this garbage. So disappointing. Errors galore. Continuity was nonexistant.  It was so confusing.  I tried rereading the parts that explained the families.  I was still confused.  And then I stopped caring.  I also feel as if I've read this story before. Same hero.  Same heroine.  Brothers...cousins.... LL needs a new formula.
1,When I read the excerpt on Amazon I thought Village might be an interesting if not all that well written a book but as I read past the excerpt I realized how poorly written it really was. I have called it derivative and I still hold that opinion. Derivative is not the end of the world if there is a writer of sufficient ability writing the story but that is not the case here.		On its surface Village would seem to have a lot going for it- a heart-warming story of a diverse group of small town adults coming together to provide a home and security for the main character, George, and his little sister. I love these stories but they only work if the characters work.  The characters don't work here.		The characters are for the most part clumsily drawn, Eleanore is an almost silent cipher more of a prop for George's story than a sympathetic little girl, Archie is a buffoon whose speech is so badly written that it has to be a deliberate choice of the author, and then there are the village villains- so over the top, especially Waverly the Beauty Queen, that even a 5 yr old would be rolling their eyes. There is no subtlety, no nuance, even the "good" characters aren't very likeable because there is no passion in their actions, George feels more like a device to help the story along rather than the central character that the story should be about. It is all  tell not show.		I understood that this was supposed to be a YA book but it is only YA in parts, some parts seem like the writing is more suited for younger children but not all of it and some parts seem written for a slightly older age group.		The writing was at times rather clunky or confusing or just wrong, "George sobbed into arms on the big table", ""The old Vardin High School," George exclaimed. "I've heard the stories about him"", ""Oh. Your mother's family? Obviously, right?"",  "... dressed in what George imagined was Resort Attire".		There are all the components of a good story for  YA , the good boy, the bad boy, the pretty girl, the imminent loss of home, the helping hands of friends, secret tunnels, the ancestral mansion so close yet so far away. It's all there but Spence was not up to the task.		There are any number of good stories built on this premise so keep looking because this isn't one of them.
1,I did not like this book.  It was not what I had expected from Stine.  I thought it would be amusing, but it wasn't.  To me it was disgusting, and I really didn't want the child for whom I bought it to read it.  A kid can get into enough trouble without being encouraged to misbehave in extremely vulgar ways.
1,The writing is so-so, but the art completely misses the point of what Pellucidar is all about. Burroughs was a very visual writer, and somehow the artist missed ALL of the cues in the original novel!		I read most of Burroughs' books during my teen years, and have re-read some of them since. Pellucidar was perhaps the most imaginative of his worlds, and somehow the author made completely believably the concept of an inner "sun" surrounded by an inside-out world. The artist managed to completely ignore any visual hints whatsoever of this magnificent concept -- as one can even see from the cover, which implies a horizon relevant to the regular exterior surface of Earth.		As for the writing, it is on a pedestrian level that is readable and at times captivating, but chooses to emphasize the elements that are similar to Barsoom (such as cultural norms about what one is "supposed" to do with a woman whose honor one has just defended) at the expense of the many elements unique to the Pellucidar series. Even the almost supernatural psychological powers of the pseudo-pterodactyls are played down a bit in favor of their scientific orientation; whereas the former is at the heart of the original novels and the primary contributor to their extreme suspense.		The one thing I'll say in favor of the writing is that the writer did do a magnificent job of showing how Burroughs' just-after-WW I writing was almost prescient of what was to come with Nazi Germany about a decade later. I would have to re-read the original novel to see whether this adaptation is overplaying that angle, but it is a valid interpretative point of view regardless.
1,We love Bad Kitty, and my 7 year old loves Bad Kitty, but this book is just AWFUL.  First, it is black and white.  That's right, the illustrations are just black and white drawings.  Second, it is 144 pages long.  144.  Third, most of those 144 black and white, heavy text pages are dull.  Like, really dull, as in long lists like how to tell your cat is sick, or what you'll need to bring to the vet, and very little of it is funny.  It could be on your veterinarian's instructional website.  It's basically a 144 page instructional manual on what to do if your cat is sick.  Between the long lists and boring text, plus the black and white drawings, the book was completely unreadable.  I couldn't stand to read it aloud, and my son was bored out of his mind.  I am absolutely baffled by the positive reviews for this book.  It's not in any way in keeping with the other Bad Kitty books.  Be sure to take a look at the sample pages available on a computer (not the Kindle sample, which is short and doesn't give you a true sense of the book), to see just how long and boring this book is.
1,The print is so small, I couldn't even read it! And I'm under 40, so my eyes are still reasonable . Unfortunately, I was unable to read much because of the print. Too bad because I was lookong forward to the story.
1,I hate to rate this book so low, but for me I could not sit through it.  After reading Sibs w/o Rivalry, this book did not seem well organized or written well.  The chapters are sort of condesending and not very deep - such as:  What to do when you bring them home from the hosptial.  Lighten up.  It's a really tough job...  If you want specific, real and practical tips on making a peaceful household with multiple children and helping your children get along with each other - turn to the other book.  This one is just not very good - sorry...
1,I really don't wish to be mean and blast anyone here, I just want to give my honest opinion. As you can probably tell from the cover, this item is obviously homemade before binding. The images are rather blurry and many are off centered. The intended artistry is present, the creativity abundant, it's the execution that is lacking. Instead of crisp images suitable for coloring, there's grainy, off centered, blurred ones. It's also much more difficult to color on gray that to do so with black.  Any tiny mistake is glaring on the gray paper.
1,Unbelievable storyline and very immature characters.  He wants to have sex with her while he gets married to her sister?  Are you serious?
1,Started off great. I finished it in two evenings so it wasn't too long. It's 391 pages but I still have questions and it didn't go anything as expected. There was only a section of the book where I literally had to finish the chapter but I really felt like it had a lot of holes and was just meh. The vulgarity was unnecessary but that may be more common with English writers I can't really say. It has a lot of potential but some parts really made me give it an eye roll. I wish they would have tied up all the lose end though
1,This book features a great title, but the content sure doesn't live up to that promise.  I got the feeling this was created to give the author something to sell to suckers who come to her speeches.		The material presented is old and tired.  The concepts are puerile at best.  I would assume most people learned these concepts when they turned about sixteen - basic stuff like how to shake someone's hand and whether to wear a hot pink pantsuit or the charcoal one to a business meeting. Very, very elementary stuff.  I can't imagine who her audience is.		The best title for this book, so it reflects the concepts it contains, would be "How To Quit Your Job in Fast Food and Move Up To Shipping Clerk".  I'm returning the copy I just bought.  How sad - she could have done something great with this if she'd put in just a little thought and effort.
1,even my 13 month is bored by this book.	Sturdy construction but small and not colorfull enough for a color primer.
1,With its phenomenal collection, the National Gallery could easily produce an appealing engagement calendar.  Instead -- year after year -- they put out the worst-designed calendar pages in the industry.  The right one-third of each week's page is wasted, by repeating the facing page's image in miniature; then labeling it; then repeating two current-month calendars.  The left two-thirds of each page, the area remaining for "engagements," does not imagine a week of seven equal days, but rather five regular days followed by a rushed weekend.  Saturday and Sunday share a single line.  Why give us such a cramped space for entering our events and appointments?  Why assume that people have less to do on weekends?  Shall we imagine that the designers of this annoying calendar never leave the museum?  Have they nowhere to go on Saturdays and Sundays?  A pity that such handsome images should be compromised by such poor page design.
1,I've LOVED other Danelle Harmon books that I've read, but I can't say the same for this one.  Part of it is because the book is set during the American Revolution. I majored in American History with an emphasis in the American Revolution.  I tend to not read books that take place during this era because inevitably it's a disappointment because of historical inaccuracies.  But because I loved other Danelle Harmon books, I thought I'd give this one a try.		There are a few historical details that bothered me, otherwise, there was some good research.  However, at times I felt that the historical information became didactic, which interrupted the flow of the story.  It felt like the book couldn't decide whether to be a historical or romance.  That hurt the story.		As for the characters, I wasn't drawn in by any of them.  I didn't really care what happened to any of them one way or the other.  I want to be drawn into the lives of the characters and want to know more about them.  It just didn't happen this time around for me.
1,I enjoy most horror, and have in the past liked the work of Richard Laymon, but The Cellar left me a bit cold.		First off there's Donna's husband, whom she and her daughter are on the run from.  He's drawn with such broad strokes of unremitting cruelty and viciousness that the book didn't need another antagonist.		Then there was the secret of the Beast House, which read like it was lifted from David Cronenberg's The Brood.		And let's not even go into the ending, which turned Sandy into something almost as monstrous as the Beast itself.		All in all, The Cellar was a bit nauseating (and not in a good way).
1,Other reviewers commented on this book's humor; I could not find much to laugh about. In fact, had this not been so short a story, I probably would not have read it through, as it was just a bit too silly for my taste. I cannot recommend it.
1,Characters you want to slap because they are so stupid and inconsistent and a bunch of unbelievable & illogical (but plenty of gruesome) plot turns render this "thriller" anything but. Mostly it's an amateurish and disappointing mix of caricatures (the twisted Special Forces vet, the dastardly boss, the wimpy guy who becomes a daredevil, the female cop with a dark secret....) and way too much detail about the layout of the downtown Seattle Public Library. I wanted to like it - I have friends who work at SPL  - but, in the end, I wished for my time and $3.99 back.
1,I felt this book started off very slowly and I almost put it aside. It's my nature to finish things I start, so after reading nearly half the book, I finally became interested enough to finish it. I did enjoy Mile's sense of humor and the way he portrayed the small town and it's residents. The satirical ending of the book on the treatment of Native Americans was quite profound.
1,UN FINAL SIN TERMINO OSEA ESTA NOVELA ESTA INCONCLUSA  HORRIBLE
1,Further research and the NAHA, do not support Raindrop, as being a safe approach in using essential oils.  I felt this misleading and too much a YL push for sales rather than helpful information.
1,Really liked it great for a change. Great for a book club read.
1,The writing is an abomination, especially from a technical standpoint, with redundancies and amateurish adverbs sprinkled throughout each page. We not only learn what someone said, but why and how they said it, just in case we were too stupid to glean any of that through context. Its a shame, too, because there was such potential for a fun, action-packed ride. The bad writing was such a distraction that most of the fun was leeched from the material.
1,Boring.
1,Intense and complex technical explanations of what it would take to survive on Mars.  Thermodynamics, aerospace engineering, chemistry,science, botany, etc. is what this book is about.
1,VERY LITTLE INSTRUCTION & GUIDE.
1,Slow moving, confusing and you never develop any level of caring or interest in any characters
1,Story line was ok but one sentenced ruined the whole book for me. What girl wants a guy to go wash his mouth out when he is done going down on her??? The author ruined this book with the sex scenes.
1,Giselle McKenzie decided that she was virgin long enough.  But the guy she is going to bed is a complete slob and I can't see a female of any species taking to him.  Rem Q'an Tal is having problems due to his lack of a sacred mate-he is starting to devolve mentally and physically and he saves Giselle from the slob.  There is some well written erotica in this book with good characters, but there are some plot elements that are plain silly.  Now this is fantasy so realism should not be expected; but the idea of oral se4x as a form of payment is silly enough to disturb the willful suspension of disbelief.  Overall I find the book a little below average for the genre.  The attack by a devolved mental case is OK but not as well written as I would expect from this author and his disposal (he decides Giselle is the goddess because of her freckles and commits suicide) is weak overall.
1,After reading and thoroughly enjoying "The Ladies Room" which is a well written, thoughtful book with great character development, I'm grateful to have borrowed this from my library instead of buying it. I found it so banal that I still have trouble believing it was written by the same author.  I couldn't finish it. If a simplistic, unbelievable, extremely light read is what you go for then by all means pick this up. I'm wondering if Ms. brown has written anything else similar to "The Ladies Room" which actually has well over 100 excellent reviews.  I'll keep looking.
1,This book wore me out.  The first part of the book started out kinda funny.  My husband and I have taken many long over the rode trips on our motorcycle so I could relate to some of his humor.  However, as the story continued I got tired of all the rambling on and on and on.  Then personal political views followed by his religious views I didn't find very humorous.  I did find the very last chapter the best part of the whole book when his wife reflects on the vacation and wanting to go on more.  I struggled to finish this book and forced myself to read it.  Personally, I am glad it is over and can go on to something more my style.
1,I had a difficult time getting into this one. There were parts that kept me intrigued enough to keep reading. This is a different kind of scary, and the characters are enjoyable. There was a lot of switching between the plot and characters, but I was able to follow along just fine. I really wanted to like this more, but I ended up skimming some of it to get to the exciting parts.
1,I normally don't write bad reviews but this series was just awful. I didn't even finish it. Getting trough the first book was torture enough. The writing is juvenile and as much as I love a good sex scene that is all this is. Sex. I couldn't turn the pages fast enough to try and find the plot.		Rina works for Dante and his family and has been in lust with him from day one. They are best friends until she does a dance competition. That's the first time they have sex. Things change between them and they start a "relationship", which is just a nice way to say the have sex all the time. He says he can't do commitment , she runs but then decides to right for him by dressing sexy and tempting him. No character development, no explanation of why he feels like that, just SEX. I'm sorry but I won't be reading anymore of this series or this author.
1,I really fail to see why this book has generated such raves. To be fair, the concept is brilliant, the prose exquisite, the descriptions spectacular. But where's the story? It's a collection of lovely scenes that fail to forward the plot or develop the characters. Add to that the incredible bouncing around in time, and it becomes very difficult to follow. Where was the editor in all of this mess? I listened to the audiobook with the incomparable Jim Dale wasting his considerable talent on this--and am so sorry I blew my own valuable time listening to the very end. I should have followed my instincts and dropped this pretentious garbage a few hours in.
1,This book is a horrible horrible book.		After finding his wife in bed with another man, she claimed to be drunk and he wasn't in her bed by her choice, the hero leaves his wife, but doesn't divorce her. She winds up pregnant but he's sure it's not his kid.		So sure that he spends the next 11 years sleeping with anything that moves, fairly openly, and also openly and to her face stating that his wife's daughter is NOT his child. When in the last 1/8th of the book, the hero contemplates getting a DNA test for the sole reason of proving to the girl that her mommy is a liar and he isn't her father, can you really like him for any reason? I think not. And the fact that the heroine would put her daughter through all of that with forcing her into a relationship with a man who continually tells her she's not his kid, who at one point calls her a little b itch for saying that the kids at school make fun of her because her father is such a player and doesn't like her or her mom. Yeah.		But the real problem with this book is the fact that everyone has a lot to pay for, and no one pays for anything. The heroine's mother manipulated and used her all for the benefit of a house, even at the end, even at the very end, but that's all happy and good with forgiveness. The hero spends the entire book treating his daughter like crap because he's too stupid to think that there's even a possibility that he might be the father of this girl, and he chucks all the blame on the heroine for telling the girl that he's her father. If she hadn't said that, he might have gotten along with the girl. But oh well, because the daughter's just happy he acknowledges her and wants to be a family. The wife allowed her daughter to be treated like garbage by the hero and doesn't care as long as she gets her man. Let's drown them all in a lake. The only person who I'm okay with in this book is the daughter. She obviously has tons and tons of issues if she wants to have a relationship with the thing that now calls himself her dad, but all those issues were not of her own making, so that's her free pass.		Honestly, there is NOTHING good about this book. Just avoid it. Don't even read it out of curiosity, it's that bad.
1,ISBN-10: 0312380364	  ISBN-13: 978-0312380366	John Hart  Redemption Road	For all of those reviewers who said that this book was entertainment at its best, I soundly disagree.  For me it was a hard read.  Among being horrified at the deliberate cruelty manifested by salient charterers and the attempt to show mercy or caring neither recognized nor encouraged but cruelly punished, I declared the book unacceptable.	Yes, Mr. Hart has written an intensely absorbing work.  He is able to create mood and emotion flawlessly. I could feel every wound that each character experienced. Anger, frustration and heartbreak and despair, common among the characters who were so entwined with each others lives, all for a piece of Judass gold, did not make me reach for my tissues but a pan to catch my gorge.
1,I think a quote from her interview will suffice: "I believe that if you really want a relationship, a relationship will come to you.  I really believe that."  Another genius selling magical thinking.  I wish women wouldn't curl up at night with books like this that convince them they're not good enough (or in this author's words, "sluts", "a mess", "crazy"), all the while the authors reap the monetary benefits of your insecurities.
1,Im about half way through this, so I decided to review this book on what Ive read. This comic/graphic novel is a painfully average book/just below average. The story is about the universally famous bounty hunter Boba Fett who goes around the galaxy commanded by the hutts to deal with their deeds.		Story wise, its a bit boring, if Boba Fett wasn't in it, itd be a truely weird story. Art style wise its unattractive. Colorization is almost one dimensional. There are some moments in the novel where bandits will be in a firefight with Boba and itll look like both sides are not using blaster rifles but with modern day guns instead. Overall, this is an okayish read. Im glad I got the kindle version.
1,Gives very little information. But what is clear is that you have to spend a lot of money to get all that is required.
1,I received The Liturgical Year by Joan Chittister from Thomas Nelson Publishers for review.		I was excited to receive this book because, with the exception of a few, I don't know of many books that go through the liturgical year.  There was nothing on the front of the book (which was all I had to go on when selecting) that this was a distinctly Catholic book.  (And, for any Catholic readers, please know that that isn't a "knock" just simply something that folks should be aware of :). )		The book does a good job of going through the entire year and of explaining each.  In addition to Advent, Christmas, Lent, and Easter there is a chapter on Paschaltide, Models and Heroes, and Marian Feasts.		I am somewhat familiar with the liturgical year, however, there were many things in this book for which I had no point of reference because they were distinctly Catholic.  This book is marketed to a broad "Christian" audience though.  I think that marketing perhaps makes assumptions of knowledge that isn't there for most non-Catholics.		This book is part of a series from Thomas Nelson called The Ancient Practices Series which includes not only this book but also:  The Sacred Meal, Tithing, Sabbath, and Fasting (among several others).		My thanks to Thomas Nelson for sending me this book  in exchange for my review.
1,Author's writing was OK--could have been much better. This book seemed like an excuse to write sex scenes and read as though is was written by an inexperienced writer; it could have benefited greatly from the services of a good editor.
1,I, personally, didn't like this story at all. Too much sex, has nothing to do with romance. Poor written characters, lots of swearing. Would not recommend this book.
1,I have to agree with that review. Of course there are many different opinions and people are entitled to them. I just wonder how many people forced themselves to chew on this book because they thought it would make them smart or understand things more deeply or just to be able to say they finished THE AMBASSADORS by HENRY JAMES. Perhaps after forcing themselves to read it, they may have decided they would feel quite dumb if they realized they kind of wasted their time so they gave it 5 stars to tell themselves," yeah it really was time well spent!" 5 stars to tell all the rest of the people who didn't read this book that you are deep. "After all I forced myself to finish to The Ambassadors."
1,It was kind of cheesy and not very well-written.  It was an easy read and the plot wasn't too predictable.
1,Started the book. Didn't enjoy it.	The book has had many positive reviews  but it is not for me.	I didn't like the writing style, NPR come to care about the	characters enough to see what happened to them.
1,Absolutely unreadable pretentious stream of consciousness logorrhea. The NY Times praised the author for his "wonderful research" which is puzzling given that, for just one example, he seems to think that "Goodwife" and "Goody" are the Christian/first names of many of the women  accused of witchcraft in Salem. Just wretched.
1,could not get into this book.
1,The author wanted a character who was a science genius, but she didn't bother to learn anything about science herself before writing about the character's feats.  So, there were glaring problems with most of those feats and their plausibility, which some people may find annoying and distracting.		The main character is whiny, emotionally unstable and kind of dumb.  She relies on her "science genius" friend to get her out of every mess, and she gets into messes often, because she is almost never capable of logical thought when stressed (and she tells you this...regularly).
1,Two Major Problems	1- Domestic Much?  Good Lord how boring is this book?  Answer: Amazingly Boring.  If you are interested in domestic life this book is right up your alley.  You will thrill to page after page of:  making meals for children, cleaning up after children, putting children to bed, hugging them and making them feel better, tending to their every need.  Page after page after page after page.  I thought this was a shadowhunter book.  But apparently its actually a book on raising kids.  How on earth does this book have  an overwhelming amount of 5 star reviews?  Did those reviewers even read this boring book?  Where is the action?  Just not here.		2- Gay Much?  I read YA books a lot because I don't want to read over sexualized authors.  YA has been a safe place to read.  Unfortunately that is changing.  Homosexuality has recently been pushed heavily in the YA section.  I really don't want to read 4 pages of sexual tension between Mark and his lover.  And when you finally slog through that the very next chapter rubs it in your face all over again.  Almost every married couple is Gay.  I believe the only straight couple mentioned is Jace/Clarey.  Come on Cassandra, these are actively marketed for Young Adults.  If you want to get graphically sexual change your target audience.  And release your book as New Adult.		Conclusion:  I made it 1/2 way through the book.  And I just couldn't take it any more.  Cassandra Clare excels at describing fight scenes and action.  Unfortunately she put those skills to little use here.  Disappointed!
1,While I'm sure that the scholarship of this set is good, beware that what you receive when you order it may not be what you expect.  I have ordered the "prepack" of the "Anchor Yale Bible Dictionary" directly from Yale Press and what I received was a mixture of volumes from the old Doubleday printing and the new Yale printing.  They look different.  It does not make a consistent complete set but is a mixture of 2 sets.  When I complained to Yale Press they informed me that "When Yale acquired the balance of the Anchor Bible stock they began to replenish the volumes to complete the series.  What you have received is all there is as far as stock goes."  So whether you will receive a complete consistent set or not is dependent upon whether they have run out of the Doubleday printing or not.  Of course, you may not care whether your set looks good or not, but its an awfully expensive purchase to be treated so shamefully.  Had I been told up front what I was receiving, I wouldn't be irritated, and indeed I might have waited awhile to buy the set until they could give me a consistent one, but to me this is dishonest.
1,After a wandering, what-the-heck am I reading first half of the book, I found so much left hanging, unanswered & implausible. The author spends way too much time creating the "mystery"...it just comes off as boring. Never liked the main character or her relatives. Wicked bunch. The only likeable characters were the detective & Joanne. I think that the author was trying to be Hitchcockian, but could have done a better job.
1,I was so excited to read this most recent publication of Mrs. Hale's as I have so much enjoyed her other books.  I was sadly disappointed.  The richness and depth of her other stories was absolutely missing .  It felt like I was reading a romance novel written by a teenager trying to sound like a grown up.  She did her timeperiod research and referred to Jane Austen's books accurately.  But, I felt her storyline was weak and very transparent.  In many places it felt as though she was trying too hard to make the book sexy or adult.  Whatever the reason, poor word choice or perhaps because I am not used to Mrs. Hale writing trashy love novels, it seemed forced and weak. Parts of it were confusing and difficult to follow.  Overall, I was disappointed and hope that with her next book she will return to the style and type of literature she writes so beautifully.
1,I like the content in the book, I do desperately wanted it so had to start reading it, I never give a 2 star unless Im very disappointed, I gave a 1 because the seller send me a book with several pages not clear neither readable. Thank you!
1,This book was very disappointing. It was so general as to be of little use to most readers. The book doesn't even have an index to check out IPad Air features The section on apps was the only worthwhile part of the book and it could have been in any IPad book. This book was a waste of money. I was very disappointed with it!		Jim M
1,The book came highly recommended, and the subject matter seemed promising, but...I couldn't wait to finish the book so I could move on to something more interesting and worthwhile. My main complaint is how repetitive the images and the concepts were, as if the author was afraid the reader will not get her point the first 10 times. Yael was neglected and emotionally abused, we got that from the first few pages. How many times do we need to see her compared to a dog in the narrative to get the picture? The constant references to the lion - it would have been a strong image had I not grown fatigued from it so quickly. The magic spells, potions, amulets - I know they were a part of their everyday life, but I didn't want to read a manual on ancient spells, so I ended up skipping the details on which plant was ground up and scattered/ingested/boiled/burnt this time around.	There were some powerful scenes, especially toward the end, when the narrative finally picked up. I was glad I finished the book, but I think it should have been much shorter and less redundant.
1,Yeah, so I read the intro and first chapter and I know this is going to be a bunch of wish-washy, far reaching gunk. I was right. Not worth the time. Removed it from my device.
1,This is one long slog of a book.  I would not have taken it if it hadn't so much enjoyed previous books in this series.  Historically accurate is an appeal but ..
1,I have to admit that the beginning is very promising. At first, I got so carried away, that I actually suggested it to a friend of mine. By  the time I reached the middle I was bored. There was always something to happen but it never happened. I finished the book but I decided against buying the sequel. In fact I told my friend that I changed my  mind and it wasn't as good as I thought at the beginning.
1,Two grammatical errors bug me:  passed when it should be past and chord for cord.		I love Christian fiction, especially when it isn't the typical boy-meets-girl-and-gets-married romance.  I wanted to like this book.  I'm not too fond of the style where one chapter is about one character and the next one about another.		However, I knew from pretty early on exactly what was going to happen.  I found my eyes glazing over whenever the chapter was about Ally.  I found her chapters to be repetitive.		Spoiler:  this is one of the few books I've read that has a stillbirth in it that didn't make me cry.  Pregnancy loss makes me cry most of the time, but in this case I just knew it was going to happen and since I didn't like the character very much it didn't effect me.
1,I really think government schools should stop force feeding sudents bs of this tripe while trying to hammer democrat values into kinds who are better off without them.		England was colonial.		Did the countries it colonized do better than they would have?		No one knows.		But stepping knee deep in this the western world is guilty crap is horrible and depressing.		Better by far to have young atudents enjoy ayn rand tom woods and john allison milton friedman and peter schiff adn be poastive free neterpirse and successful.		End government school, end the fed, never vote democrat and be polytheistic.
1,I have been reading Sherlock in a two book collection which is very large to handle.  Using my Kindle I thought that reading on the Kindle would help ease my effort in holding a paper book.  I was disappointed to find that His Last Bow on this download is not the full hundred plus page story.  I did not read what was offered, but will read this short offering where I find it in my paper book.
1,I had Heard much about this book and look forward to reading it. However much it was intended as a didactic, the book fails in its intent because it fails to develop plot and character. The book starts promisingly and then leaves the reader wondering why certain events happened -for example, why was Constantius in Britain, why was Helena getting those notes in her bedroom. It jumps from time period to time period with no intervening explanation as to what happened. The characters simply aren't developed and we cant develop sympathy for them.  While there are moments of insight in the book, it fails to cohere as a whole.
1,Meh
1,Ho hum. Disappointed. I stuck it out and read every word. Couldn't wait for it to be done.
1,There is some gorgeous writing in this book, but that's about the only good thing I can say about it. The plot was thin, the characters cardboard (eccentric military man, inscrutable but beautiful Asian woman, European overwhelmed by the exotic East), and there was an overall lack of passion that's curious in a book that's supposedly at least partly about the changes in a man's character as he opens himself up to a wider world. In fact, the word that comes to mind is "bloodless." If he's so seduced by Burma that he considers not going back to England, we need a bit more emotion in his response to the place.		I've been to Burma, and so in that sense it was fun to read about food I've eaten and places I've been (though I do sort of wonder at Mason's description of Shwedagon Pagoda -- were there really souvenir/postcard sellers there in 1886? seemed like some very modern touches.) The landscape descriptions were among the best parts of the book, and it was fun to think reminiscently about the tropical landscapes.		I think my biggest quibble is just that a lot seemed unbelievable. Would the locals have truly been so cultured and so well able to speak English? Would a senior British military man really have been so thoroughly into Burmese theatre and drama? And the presence of the obligatory Asian beauty really irritated me. She seemed perfunctory, in fact, as if somebody had said to the author that he had to have a love interest in there, so he put her in. Edgar's "passion" for her was so low-key that I didn't believe he had been seduced by her presence into not ever wanting to leave. Seduced by Burma I could believe, not this.
1,Plot just not plausible-- a lawyer didn't lawyer-up at soon as he became a person of interest. I did finish the book but skimmed each page via rapid Kindle page-forward clicks...
1,Second-rate Robert Stone, third-rate Hemingway, fourth-rate Graham Greene.  I have lived in Phnom Penh for 5 years and laughed out loud at some of the mis-descriptions of the city and its people contained in this turkey.  It  is all too obviously based on Robert Stone's Dog Soldiers, a much superior  book in every respect.  If you enjoy novels about troubled preppies playing  out their war fantasies against a background of third world people (who are  never raised by the author above the level of furniture and scenery) you'll  love this meditation on the problems of yuppies abroad.  I mean, what IS  the meaning of life, man?  Save your money.
1,Just couldn't get into this one, I don't know why, the story never really "gripped" me...
1,More a story, not realistic reading.
1,I returned the Kindle edition of the Holman Illustrated Bible Dictionary.  It is completely unusable as a Kindle reference since the individual articles are not indexed.  If you wanted to read the article about sin, you either have to scroll through all the preceding articles beginning with "S" or scroll through 282 pages of search results.  Either option is not acceptable.  This was an extreme disappointment since the hard copy version is an excellent reference.  I was hoping to add it to my Kindle pastoral library.  Hopefully there is another Bible Dictionary that is Kindle friendly...
1,Way too much history and photographs - and VERY light on actual tourist information.
1,This book was poorly written, and at times hard to follow. The constant back and forth of the characters was at times hard to follow. I agree with another reader that at page 147 the story ends the rest of is mainly filler.
1,One star is one too many. Full of surprises? Yes, but in a really distasteful way.		The writing is repetitive. Characters and language are coarse and unfit for the period. Just how many times can our refined L & D say "I swear" in one dialog? It looks as if the writer was determined to destroy the goodness of our cherished characters of 200 years.  I cannot bear it!  I certainly cannot finish this book.  A good 8th grade writer will possess a wider vocabulary and refinement to do a better job. Even though you can read it for free, don't waste your precious time on this book.  Sadly, it wasted enough of mine.
1,There are a lot of glowing reviews for this book. That's why I bought it to begin with. I am an experienced crafter and have successfully designed latch hook rugs for others, as well as done weaving, latch hook and other needle arts. I also have a college education and I actually read for a living, so reading comprehension is not a problem for me.	I had never knitted and wanted to learn -- ironically enough, to relax -- so I thought that buying this book would be a great way to get started. I have learned other crafts through books, and I didn't think this one would be any different.	Boy, was I wrong! After two frustrating days with "Knitting for Dummies," I am still on page 15, and I am about ready to throw it into the trashcan.	You would think that a book devoted soley to teaching people how to knit would have more than three -- THREE -- poorly drawn illustrations on the knit stitch.	But it doesn't.	You would think that to show people how to cast on, that the author would start with the easiest method first, with plenty of clear drawings.	But she doesn't.	You would also think that the needle wouldn't magically jump from one hand to the other in the illustrations of casting on, even though the written instructions with them say something totally different.	But I think you know by now that unfortunately, that's exactly what happens. (Check page 13, those of you who own it.)	If you are a person who needs visual aids to learn something new, DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT buy this book. Find a video. Find a real live knitter. Call your local craft store and see if they can hook you up with someone who actually knows what they are doing for heaven's sake.	Ms. Allen, I'm sure, knows how to knit. But she sure doesn't know how to write a book that can teach this "dummy" how to.
1,I'm used to writers like Karen Marie Moning, Julie Garwood, and Kresley Cole.......this author pales in comparison. There is so much internal banter that it's hard to focus on what's actually going on in the story. I paid for the book and decided I would force my way through it. I made it to about 45% of the book. I hated it and will not be reading anything else by this author.
1,I bought this book to see if it would be able to provide any assistance when it comes to helping my father who has been diagnosed with mild dementia.  What I discovered in its pages were a few helpful tidbits, but those were bogged down by endless repetition and ideas that were counter-intuitive if not outright contradictory.		The main takeaway is to decrease the amount of rote thinking one does, while markedly increasing deeper, more complex and abstract thoughts.  To illustrate what the author meant by that, she repeatedly gave the examples of extracting multiple different meanings from song lyrics or movies, and trying to figure out as many ways as possible to solve problems.  The one other main point she made - and one that held true for every age group - was that time cannot be wasted; one must begin to work on his/her brain immediately.		The issue I found with those two bits of information is how obvious they are.  They are ideas rooted in simple common sense.  Of course, it would behoove everyone to routinely challenge the brain, and of course - especially if one is having issues with the brain/memory - time is of the essence.  Neither piece of information was new, innovative, or something one couldn't find in myriad online articles about the brain.  However, they were repeated innumerable times, as were the ideas that you're in control of your own brain, and that it can be changed at any age, regardless of almost any disorder or injury.		Nothing much was offered in the way of exercises, though there was a short list of things seniors can do to keep their brains sharp.  That list included things like learning vocabulary from other languages, which was at odds with her insistence that memorization is a bad thing, as is multi-tasking.  Indeed, she doubled- down on those things by going so far as to say that in daily lives, as well as in business settings, it's infinitely preferable to only focus on one or two things, instead of taking on numerous tasks, responsibilities, and problems simultaneously (which, regardless of the number of times it was stated, always seemed to fall under the header of easier said than done, if not downright impossible).		Again, all of these things were repeated countless times over the course of this book.  Many of the passages read as though the author got bogged down trying to think of new ways to restate the same things.  As such, it proved to be difficult to get through the book, with the tedium and repeated ideas making the reader increasingly impatient for new information and suggestions to be imparted, but to no avail.  Ultimately, it seemed as though the author only had enough information to fill about ten pages, but did everything possible to drag out the main themes for as long as she could.		That said, some of the anecdotes shared re: the experiences of numerous individuals of different ages, from different walks of life, and with brains in various conditions were both interesting and inspiring, because they did serve to show that her overall points regarding taking control of your own brain, buckling down and making a concerted effort to challenge and expand it, etc., can yield noticeable, positive results.		However, there was not nearly as much helpful information in this book as one would expect, and it just dragged on and on.  As such, this isn't a book that I can see myself recommending to anyone, especially since - as per a simple search on Amazon and the reviews of the books it yields - there are better, more helpful offerings out there.
1,America has a really bad mental health system. It allowed this woman to slip right through the cracks for multiple years. But she does prove that a person with a mental health condition (in spite of media portrayals) will not physically endanger themselves or immediate bystanders. She held a job as a professor for several years and also was an officer in a chapter of a well-known civil rights organization. Under any kind of pretenses both accomplishments do take a lot of time, organization and commitment.  Several statements in this book still can't be taken seriously, but here's hoping she finally does get the help that she needs.
1,As others have mentioned, this is a first book and does not reflect the same caliber of writing as later books by Johanna Lindsey.  Philip Caxton, the supposed "romantic interest" and "hero" (I use the words "romantic interest" and "hero" very loosely) is not in the least likeable. To call him a Neanderthal is an insult to Neanderthals. His behavior is supposedly explained by having to live with two different cultures since is the son of an Englishwoman captured by a Sheik. I don't see how that could make someone so vile. In England he is known as Philip Caxton and in the Middle East he is known as Sheik Abu.  When he first meets Christina (in England) he is overly aggressive and arrogant.  After Christina, a young innocent woman, rejects his overly obnoxious advances, he decides to kidnap her and make her his slave. It just gets worse from there on with more abusive and arrogant behavior.  I can't help but wonder if the heroine, Christina, isn't suffering from Stockholm syndrome, when she falls in love with this jerk. I never saw any significant redemption of Philip.  In fact, toward the end of the book, Christina asks him if he is jealous of another's attention.  In typical Philip Caxton/Sheik Abu  style, he denies being jealous but then states that he will "beat the daylights out of "Christiana is she looks at another man.  With all the issues related to spousal abuse I hate to see a character as vile as Philip Caxton portrayed as anything other than a brute. But, this was written in 1977 --- before some of the modern sensitivies about abuse.
1,The book started off great, but quickly turned into a long, drawn out story.  The story did not keep my interest and the supposed "twist and turns" were not surprising.  I was disappointed and will not read another book by this author.
1,I do not understand the hype about this book; it started out with a great concept and was ruined at the end. I had such high hopes for it, but oh well. There are more reasons why I disliked it but I'm sure if you searched online (goodreads is a great place for reviews) my reasons can be found there, as well as many others that made this a "meh" book.
1,I don't know if it qualifies as a memoir since he seems to have left out Wife #1.  Not anything I would press on anyone to read.
1,This book has a cliffhanger "ending".  You have to buy or get somehow the next book in the series.  Some series continue the story with another adventure and the same cast of characters.  THIS book does not end.  It stops at the climax with no resolution.  I highly resent being duped into reading a book with no ending and will not buy the following books.  If you want to write a book END IT for Pete's sake!  This is a crass excuse to hook a reader and then drag out the story for three more books.  Don't even get started.
1,I personally absolutely adore Alice Waters, her philosophy, food and writing.  HOWEVER, as a huge canner, and obsessive pantry manager, this was THE most disappointing book this year.  I found it dummied in recipes, approach and overall material was lack lustre.  Please don't give up on Ms. Waters, but otherwise, my personal feeling is that this book is not worth the purchase.
1,Didn't much care for it. Seemed very 50ish setting. Dialogue and characterization poor.
1,Going without sleep isn't the smartest choice for an ER doctor, but closing her eyes isn't an option for Vivian Maylor. Whenever she sleeps, the dreaming world starts to seep into her waking one, making horrific things a reality. She's terrified that she's following her insane mother's footsteps. But all of that changes when a patient starts screaming about Dragons and then literally turns to ash before her eyes. She realizes that her dreams may actually be a reality, one she may not be able to escape from.		Getting to my style issues that didn't quite jive with BETWEEN: I'm a huge fan of Urban Fantasy, but not so much of pure fantasy. I like a bit of fantasy and paranormal mixed with a modern world in my books rather than a completely made up world. The reasoning behind that is that Urban Fantasies tend to have a good mix of normal and paranormal, whereas in High Fantasy, the world behind the story, and all of its "rules" can become overwhelming. I have to admit that there were several times while reading BETWEEN where I found myself lost in the descriptions or explanations, especially as I started to skim over the lengthy ones. I realize that the description does talk about the Dreamworlds, but I honestly wasn't expecting the very large majority of the book to take place in one of those worlds. I had thought there would have been more of a mix, or some traveling back and forth, rather than Vivian pretty much staying put once she got to this other world. So, I have to admit that I was pretty disappointed once I realize what pattern the book would follow.		Unfortunately, I just couldn't seem to connect with the characters in BETWEEN. Perhaps it's because I was already stumbling over the complicated world, but I just couldn't seem to really get into anything that was happening with the characters. Even worse, there were confusing elements of duplicate characters. Even after finishing this book, I'm still not sure what was going on there as it wasn't really explained at all. In fact, despite my stating about the lengthy descriptions, I still don't have much of a clue about what is really going on with the characters or the world, especially Vivian. She was thrown into this world like a fish out of water. It was sink or swim, and despite the ending I'm honestly not sure which one she did.		This was a very difficult review for me to write, as my issues with the book were more due to a stylistic preference rather than any real fault with the book. These situations are very frustrating for me as I don't want to give a book a poor rating just because it wasn't in my preferred style range, but I also cannot give it a higher rating because that wouldn't be honest. Unfortunately, I was frustrated more than not while reading this book, which just didn't make the book very enjoyable for me, and leaves me with no choice but to give a lower rating. While BETWEEN didn't really work for me, I think there still is a really good framework there, and Fantasy fans should be more than pleased with this new series.
1,I am reading this through the Kindle Unlimited trial and am starting the 5th in the series.  The writing is just simply terrible. It's unfiltered stream of consciousness and in a bad way.  A lot of it sounds like rambling. The vocabulary is non existent -- it gives the impression that the books are written by a pre-schooler.  The author's favorite phrase is "thinning/thinned his/her lips".  Who writes like that? There are also typos. While I realize that authors of this genre have minimal literary aspirations, still, they need to spend more time on their craft if they want to make this a real career.		The female protagonist, Maddie, is naive, insecure, weak and has the decision-making ability of a 6-year old. She spends a lot of her time crying. There is no character growth throughout the novellas. The male character is one-dimensional. The author provides minimal backdrop to the story and no engaging plot development. The interchanges between the lead characters are harsh and without passion. It's hard to be sympathetic towards or care about either of them.
1,I have read many of Patterson's books, including his last work 'The Big Bad Wolf', and enjoyed most of his works.  However, maybe its my sense of paying attention to the fact that thriller writers or wannabe thriller writers have so much realistic material to draw from these days that I am simply not willing to accept the fantasim of thriller writing any longer.  In 'London Bridges' I enjoyed the opening of the story; however, I felt as if I was on a downhill ski slope, and I was speeding thereafter		Unfortunatley, 'London Bridges' is predictable and leaves to many loose ends to clean up, which Patterson does not.  Current suspense/thriller fiction, I dispear, seems to be less insightful, and so, less meaningful.  Patterson could and should have done much better.
1,MacKenzie's twin sister dies. Mac can only find comfort with Ryan, a total stranger, yet he eases her pain and suffering and loss. Her sister, Willow keeps coming back to her, talking to her, egging her on, and taunting her.		Honestly, I was on board with all this, until the dead sister kept coming back because Mac didn't grieve her the proper way. What is the proper way? Everyone grieves differently and who is the dead sister to say, feel the pain, love Robbie and talk about me. Always goes back to Willow.		The love story between Ryan and MacKenzie, that part I liked. That part of the story was great. It's a sweet romance that makes you believe in a happy ending. Two broken people can come together and fix each other. That part I loved. But when Mac went crazy, I was out.
1,In each book, some of the same stories show up and each time there are some differences.  For instance, at the end of this book, we learn that on the day he was taken from his mother, he came to school with no skin on his arms, which is what pushed the teachers, principal and and school nurse to finally call the authorities!  This story's been told in the other books and this rather critical fact left out until now. I begin to wonder what else Dave isn't telling completely.		I also wonder about Dave's apparant lack of insight into the dynamics of dysfunctional families.  Maybe when he was a kid, this information wasn't so available, but in the last two decades, for sure, it's been out there.  He never seems to put it together that his grandmother probably abused his mother in ways very similar to the ways his mother abused him.  He doesn't seem to wonder much about what happened to them, or about the deeper roots of the pattern of abuse.  Why doesn't he go for counseling, or even to Al-Anon, and get some of this stuff figured out?  He seems unaware of how he continues in abuse-adapted behavior as an adult, as in his relationship with his first wife, in his relationship with the folks who were first going to publish his book and promote him as a speaker, and in his continuing efforts to connect with his mother and grandmother.		I wish Dave well, and I hope that if he writes more books he will find and use the services of a really good editor.
1,Neat storyline but the writing needs work, mispellings and such made for the lower rating. I felt I was reading something written for middle school the way it started out...needs a good editor to round it out into a great story.
1,I disliked these stories so I did not finish reading the book
1,Was so looking forward to this work from one of the most acclaimed American writers of all time.  By the time my Kindle reached 11% I had to surrender.  It was a dull rendering of even duller characters written by a writer who, IMHO, came across as if he was already bored with life.  Remove the "Hemingway" name and let the work stand on it's own merits...it is simply not entertaining.  I might give it another try some other day but I doubt it: life's too short.
1,This book contains a fatal flaw all-too-common in software texts: It spends too much time talking ABOUT labview rather than having the user actually do something. You don't create your first program (called vi's) until you're 100 pages into the text. There's usually at least 1 graph in any real-world labview application. In this book you don't create your first graph until page 300. The book requires more patience than someone eager to start using labview can muster. The best software books have you writing your first program on page 1.		The book does have alot of graphics once you actually get started so you have a pretty good idea what to expect to see on your screen. And there's the occasional joke to lighten the tone. Those are the only reasons I didn't give it a 1. Overall, I don't recommend this book. It's not a good tutorial and it isn't structured to be a reference.
1,I read this as a free rental but still wasted several hours I'll never get back.  I thought using drink names for titles was clever and the basic concept was good but this book needs major editing on two fronts.  First the publishing was horrendous with constant typos and periods in lieu of letters in words.  Secondly and most important is the author took what could have been a good story but takes it too far and suspends belief.  Our heroine couldn't cross the street without something happening, so much that the author didn't even keep up with it.  For example she takes a beating and can barely talk to coworkers then picks up the phone for a lengthy chat.  There was an amusing bit where a rookie gets splashed with horse manure but then the author takes it too far when the same officer has a break down over dog poo while our heroine is being attacked nearby.  In the final scenes as she's racing with a truck full of bombs and encounters obstacle after obstacle, like what else could happen, then there's a train and you're like of course a train (sarcastically).  The unlikelihood of so many things could happen in one storyline completely spoils what could have been a good book.  Good premise and decent writing but in serious need of editing.
1,It was refreshing to read a story devoid of raunchy sex description and profanity.  The story line is quite predictable with a happy ending.
1,I have had minor sciatica and lower back pain for years. I wanted to see what could be done to improve my condition. I read the book and began the exercises cautiously less than a week ago (10 Jan 2009).  And when I say cautious, I mean just that; 4 back arches without hands and 1 with hands.		Within 5 minutes of the first exercises, I was experiencing excruciating leg cramps, lower back pain and numbness. On 16 January, after cortisone IM injections, muscle relaxants and codeine, I ended up having emergency back surgery for a bone fragment that had been expelled and was pressing against my S1 nerve.		When I explained this to the neurosurgeon, he replied this was exactly why he thought all such books should be banned. It is simply not safe to treat a serious medical condition without input from an expert who has familiarity with your unique condition.
1,This book was required for my creative writing class in college. We had to pick an exercise every week to complete. I found the exercises to be very similar to each other and some were downright confusing on what you were actually supposed to do. Pretty much everyone in my class disliked the book and my instructor probably won't use it again next semester. There were a few really good exercises in there and the book itself was very pretty and sturdy. I also like that , though it was a paperback, it had the cover flaps to use as a bookmark.
1,Same reason as above.  No room to write answers.  A. Lumpkin
1,I bought this book on hype. The author is in a couple of cute TV commercials where he place "PC" opposite someone else who plays "Mac".  The book description read like it would be a laugh riot.		It's written like an almanac or something.  It's just so off-the-wall that I couldn't figure out where I was supposed to laugh.  Maybe I just don't have the same mindset this guy has or haven't ingested enough drugs to appreciate the scatter shot, nothing to do with anything and no continuity humor.
1,Nothing special here, and there are enough errors to warrant not buying this. I've made at least six of the recipes and the times and/or amount of liquid were always way off. Sometimes it said to start on low but never said to switch to high. In many cases I've found the same recipes worded *almost identically* (including little anecdotes) but actually correct on free blogs. I got this on a random sale for free. I do applaud anyone's attempt to further vegan cooking but this could have been done better without much more effort.
1,I grew up with the Chronicles of Thomas Convenant.  Read 'em 2-3 times and loved them, even though the heroes are SO conflicted.  Sure, it's derivative of Tolkien; sure, they're long--but they were a ton of fun.		The new series?  I wish I could say they were great.  For some, maybe they are.  Not for me.  The internal monologues/emotional conflicts/psychodrama were so blown up in this book that I wanted to scream at the characters "Do something!  Your world is literally about to end!". I kept going because I thought the ending would make it worthwhile.		And then I realized--there's a FOURTH book?		No way.  Sorry.  Can't go there.  I've given Donaldson probably a month of my life reading his books.  But it's become too torturous.  I just can't take Covenant and Linden any more.		I had to put it down with 100 pages left.  And I never put books down.
1,I never felt so good to be a rebel and  a traitor and yet I'm from the north and hate confederates. I'd rather lose my life than my liberty and that is why I'm proud to be called a liberal. I really hate the way corporations and idiot drones call me names for standing up for my liberty. The cold war was an overblown, the Russians were known to lack the nuclear or military capacity to hurt use from the time of Eisenhower. The whole terrorism thing is cover up, idiot mistakes by our presidents for helping and supplying weapons to fight for us in the cold war but at the same time we gave them weapons they were burning our flags and say they hated the USA as much as they hated USSR. And what the heck is Saudi Arabia doing about terrorist in the country, the majority of the 9/11 hijackers were from that country, not Afghanistan.
1,Time travel is my favorite romance subgenre and unfortunately there are a lot of duds out there. Usually, IMO, a time travel is a dud because the author spends too much time on descriptive prose, makes the story too serious, and/or does not spend enough time on character development.		The saving grace of this book was its humor; if not for the humor (largely from Kathy's toy deus ex machina Peter and not from the characters themselves)this book would have been a dud. The sizzling sex scenes one might expect from the set up never materialize and one is left wondering just how the hero, Ian, obtained and retains the "pleasure master" title. Although most readers prefer the hero to remain faithful to the heroine once she enters the picture and therefore we don't want to see Ian cavorting with his customers once Kathy arrives, some foreshadowing would have been helpful to establish his title if the author is going to tease the reader throughout most of the book.		I must say something about the stinkin' cell phone: clearly, the only reason the cell phone works is to allow Ian's brother Neil to communicate with his challenge, Kathy's lawyer Coco.  This plot device is (1) too transparent and annoying and (2) should have been carried to its natural conclusion by having Neil go forward in time with Ian and Kathy to deal with Coco. (If this book had been better, I would want the author to write a sequel with just that plot.) the book could have been a blast if the author had taken more time to fully develop the story.
1,Only good thing is the maps.  The writeups on the actions have so little detail as to be worthless.
1,When I read and reviewed Elizabeth Wurtzel's "Prozac Nation", I thought it a great read and rated it four stars. So, why did I stop reading her "More, Now, Again" after only 66 pages?  For one thing it is NOT the continuation of "Prozac Nation" that I had (perhaps unfairly) expected it to be.  Since "Prozac Nation" ends with just the start of her Prozac treatments, I hoped to find out how it helped her with her depressions over time.  But of all the drugs she rattles off having taken or been addicted to in those 66 pages -- illegal, prescribed, or otherwise -- not once does she even mention Prozac, let alone how it affected her.		But "Prozac Nation" is not really about Prozac, but about a very mixed-up, depressed girl.  Still, Wurtzel's writing still kept me reading it all the way to the very end.  Why didn't "More, Now, Again" do the same? After all, it's the same Wurtzel stream-of-consciousness writing she used so well in "Prozac Nation"?		At first I didn't understand, either.  But the more I thought about it, the more I came to believe that Wurtzel is the type of writer who's interesting to read once, but then begins to grate with her world that spins only around herself.  What seemed insightful in "Prozac Nation" now seemed to me like just plain whining in "Now, More, Again".  And judging by the reviews for this book and those for "Prozac Nation", Wurtzel either infatuates her readers or totally turns them off.  In fact, she does both at the same time.  The first time around I was one of the infatuated; this time around I found myself one of the turned-off		But there are other differences as well.  In "Prozac Nation", Wurtzel is a late-adolescent unknown trying to become a young adult, but being tortured at this very difficult time in life by her crippling depressions.  In "More, Now, Again" she's a successful, well-known writer trying to finish her second book while not coping with her addiction to the legally prescribed drug Ritalin. She is a far more sympathetic character as the former; and as a result her stream-of-consciousness is a lot more fun to read.  So, though "More, Now, Again" is as insightful about the inner workings of a drug addict's state of mind as "Prozac Nation" is about a manic-depressive's, now her constant complaining kept me wanting to shout "Hey, get a life, would you?" -- when ironically she's already made one if she could just get her act together.		In short, though I highly recommend reading ONE Wurtzel as a very unusual and insightful experience, make it "Prozac Nation", not "More, Now, Again".
1,Not bad
1,While it was a fun, entertaining, well-written read, it was very similar to the original Freakenomics, so I'd give it about 3 or 3.5 stars.  But I was hoping for something that would provide more instruction on how *I* can be more insightful (which is the whole premise of the book), yet I didn't feel like I learned anything concrete that I could apply.  So ultimately 2 stars (instead of 3) because the book did not fulfill its promise.
1,Perhaps I was too enthusiastic about the idea of this book before actually reading it, but the novel did not live up to my expectation.  I had found much to talk about, think about, and admire in Walls' telling of her first book "The Glass Castle", a truly unique story.  So I was expecting a similarly delightful and thought-provoking time by reading this one.  Unfortunately, I found little of interest in this book.  Nor was I captivated by the writing style. It is not that the main character, Wall's grandmother, did not lead a very interesting life.  She did.  But the story telling seems almost bored and too forced in telling the tale.  Walls certainly comes from interesting stock, but I no longer feel compelled to read her books as I did after Glass Castle.  The magic is gone from this one.
1,Didnt really enjoy.. no doubt subject just not my favorite
1,If you read medical texts for fun, you will enjoy this book. It came in a timely fashion, but I have really had to struggle thru it, due to the verbose and dry nature of this book. I am sure I will eventually struggle through it, but even a proficient reader of over 55 years reading experience, my biggest challenge next to this book was Homer's Iliad!!!
1,I am a software engineer currently working on several web app projects. I have a moderate background in web app security and I bought this book in order to gain better insight on the subject.	This book is poorly structured. It seems like the author compiled his scribbles and notes into a book without considering how they would fit together. The content is superficial at best and lacks examples. Moreover, it seems like the author has used this book as a stage to talk negatively on internet Explorer (we get it, it's a bad browser). I tried to give this book multiple chances but had to stop reading it around page 150. It's simply a bad book.	I recommend to stay away from this book and consider other options (such as Web App Hacker Handbook) to anyone interested to learn web app security.
1,Being a fan of both post-apocalyptic fiction and Michigan's Upper Peninsula, I was delighted to read Ms. Moore's first book. It was wonderful, filled with realistic and believable characters, situations and events.		This book, not so much. It seemed to drag, never really picking up steam. It just never hit it's stride, and seemed like Ms. Moore was just casting about, trying to think of something interesting to write about. Additionally, I was disappointed that the main character was written to be so shallow as to hop into bed with another man a few days after the love of her life left. It just seemed incongruous with the way the character was developed.
1,I am glad that I paid only $1.25 at a library book sale for this book - it is certainly not worth any more! The main premise is that George A. Custer won the Battle of Gettysburg and "truly saved the Union." The author gives very little evidence and mostly implausible inferences to support his thesis. Fully the first half of the book is not at all about Gettysburg and only marginally background for the author's thesis. It seems that the author wanted to attempt to "show off" his knowledge of military history - particularly of the Napoleonic Wars. Many notable factual errors are included in the work. Among the more egregious are that slavery was gone from the North by the early nineteenth century (New Jersey still had 12 slaves in 1860!), Hannibal was "king of Carthage and ruler of Spain," references to "African hoplites" and the "Roman phalanx" (hoplites were Greek only and it was the Greeks not the Romans who utilized the phalanx), at the time of Gettysburg the 7th Michigan Cavalry was a new unit of about 400 men (it was organized in October 1862), that Little Round Top was fought solely by the 20th Maine Inf. vs. the 15th Alabama Inf. (this would have been news to the other 4 regiments each of Strong Vincent's Union brigade and the Alabama brigade of Hood's Conf. division) and that just prior to Gettysburg, on the recommendation of Pleasanton, Mead had Custer and Farnsworth promoted to "brevet brigadier-general" (promotion was to actual rank). Also, the author states that Robert E. Lee suppressed after-action reports by the Conf. cavalry commanders yet cites elsewhere the report of J. E. B. Stuart! Another fantastic presumption is that there was "always the chance the he [US Gen. Philip St. G. Cooke] let his daughter's husband [J.E.B. Stuart] get a free pass [in his 1862 ride around the Army of the Potomac during the Peninsula Campaign]. Merely silly is a reference to "horse-drawn artillery" - how else would have they moved artillery in those days? The author also purports that by mid-1863, "Lee observed the successful tactics of N. B. Forrest in the West", On the night of July 2nd, 1863, the author states that "Lee probably asked Stuart if he remembered Napoleon's smashing victory over Wurmser at Castiglione in 1796!" Elsewhere he credits Custer's "victory" at Gettysburg  as Custer's battle tactics were "no doubt drawn from the famous Battle of the Cowpens." Custer's academic record at West Point sure doesn't give credence to any such military erudition. One conversation for which there is no indication, much less basis in fact, is "Lee would have told ..." The author claims that if the Confederates had won at Gettysburg on the 3rd day the Union would have been forced to recognize its independence. This assertion doesn't hold water when it is considered that Lee's army would have been seriously damaged and Union forces in the theater still would have outnumbered them. And, of course, it completely ignores fighting in the West at such places as Vicksburg. Carhart states that "the major reason for the failure of this masterful plan is that Lee and Stuart both failed to consider the fighting power of Custer." Custer is the hero of this book and Union Gen. David M. Gregg is portrayed as the villain. At least the author doesn't fall into the usual "Lost Cause" blaming of Stuart for Confederate defeat. On the third to final page, the author admits that his "assessment today is unfortunately meaningless: even if I am right...." Well his book is meaningless as a contribution to Civil War history and he isn't right. Don't waste even a $1.25 on this book!
1,Please read the other negative reviews carefully; they contain much that is useful and which it would be fruitless to duplicate. The main points are: she has some genuine, valid points but entirely undermines the whole enterprise by dishonest one-sidedness, contradictions (eg she is constantly urging 'reason' and yet a strong supporter of supernaturalist bigotry), and factual omissions of gigantic proportions mixed with distortions (she misrepresents the 'naqba' in a few sentences). The most startling argument is to attack the jurisprudential consensus that majoritarian concerns in any society should be counterbalanced by legislation to protect minorities who might otherwise be penalised by a majority (obvious example, Jews in Germany or gays in most countries.) Her view is that majorities should always be able to override the legitimate interests of minorities, irrespective of the level of injustice.	Her speciality - arguing against the very notion of equality for gay people - is especially offensive.	Other points: the style is superficial polemical gutter journalism; there are frequent lapses into gibberish (nobody checked the text!).
1,this book should be titled James Bored., your death will be forever for trying to read this.  let me see, a james bond who deos not like to kill, the of course, thos he didn't come back to try to kill him, how many times in this one novel?  he would rather kill anyone who would drink coffee from instant, as he says, and those who wear plebian  clothes.  maybe the title should be the book is the death of james bond.  het let those who he didn't kill, kill his new fouind love, EZ.  if you struggle thru the stupidity of the frist chapter, hold on, the rest are the same.
1,Some loved and others did not.  I am sort of ambivalent about the book.  It is just okay.  Slow at times.  Does not flow at times either.
1,Boring and confusing. Written for pre-teens. Jumbled plot elements. Heroine is a twit straight out of cartoons. Her idea of rebellion is to wear short instead of long dresses. Will not buy subsequent installments of the same plot.
1,Not very good. The characters are one dimensional, as is the plot, seemingly, unless there's something hiden I hadn't noticed. I borrowed it from the prime lending library, and i won't buy the sequel. Sorry, Mr. Duffy. I do like the "When There's No More Room in Hell" series, however.
1,This book was VERY dissapointing.  When I began noticing that the Interstates are included in many of the routes, I quit looking at it.  All of the photos are small and in black and white -- many appear old.  The route maps are a joke.  I wish I could send it back and get my money refunded.  The title is VERY misleading.  Jon Black
1,This boom was not at all what I expect from a published novel, and read very much like a blog or self published piece.	I can see some readers enjoying it if they are really into this genre, but it wasn't for me.  After about the third chapter I started skimming and skipping along just to get it finished.
1,too old and too much ado about nothing
1,Silly
1,This book is small and does not contain many pages. I was disappointed to say the least. It looks big and substantive in the listing.
1,Story line was ok, the story teller was less than ok.
1,I kept waiting to be pulled in, for the story to actually become good, but finally gave up.  I have no idea why the ratings are so positive.
1,This book is written in a fragmented manner that I found difficult to follow and consequently less interesting.  I may shelve it for now and pick it up again later.
1,I was disapointed. Ringo is so much better than this. I'm going to mark it off to a bad year. That's okay. I still think Ringo's a great writer.		I agree with one of the other reeviewers that "Ringo can't get out of his own way."		I would have enjoyed it more if I had a poorer understanding of physics, quantum physics, probability, and he hadn't called out the mech warriors.
1,I read this as a selection by our book club. Having glanced at the reviews for this book already on Amazon I had high hopes and still think it's interesting subject matter and should elicit good discussion. However the book itself was far too shallow - you didn't get to know or care about any of the characters. All of them were glossed over in far too little detail. Karen read like the Charlise Theron character in 'Monster' and Franny came across as just weak. How did she ever leave Texas at 16 and get all the way through med. school? It just didn't mesh and gee, was anyone surprised that she and Rick end up looking like a couple? I'm sorry, good subject, serious issues but just not dealt with in any depth at all which is too bad. And what's with the type face? How much white space do you want on a page???
1,This book has one or two good stories, lots of jive 60's promiscuity, and a ton of awkward moments that made me say "You got to be f****** kidding me."	The things Kreutzmann believes would make good stories are confusing at best.  He comes across as greedy, selfish, petty, and juvenile.		Read Rock Scully's book for a well-written, entertaining account.
1,The biggest problem is that the book is based on the premise of an advanced civilization existing on Mars.  It was written in 1962, just a few years before the Mariner missions beamed backed the first detailed pictures of the Martian surface, which proved that Mars was a dead planet - oops!  Overnight, the opinion of the possibility of life on Mars went bankrupt:		[...]		Looking past that little idiosynchrocy, the book starts off interestingly-enough, but begins to bog down in the later parts; which, may I dare say, involve a lot of sex and religion (maybe these issues were shockers in 1962, but they are somewhat of a bore 40 years later).  So, what we end up with is a lot of pointless religion and sex, finishing with Valentine committing a pointless suicide.
1,We finally know why Sachin stayed away from controversy throughout his playing career ; not that he was somehow above it all, but it was because he simply does not have anything interesting to say about the game, other than the technicalities. You won't find any fascinating insights here on other players, amusing and revealing anecdotes, or any kind of insightful analysis into his own psychology, or what what made him such a great sportsman. I'm comparing this book to some of the Australian players' efforts in recent years, and I have to say that Sachin's book comes up quite short. In other words, it is the complete antithesis of his career ; it is boring. Also, what's up with this trend of anemic titles for cricket biographies? Surely marketing has some random whiz-kid to come up with a snappy, memorable title?
1,AS INDICATED, I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH STORY QUALITY AND COULD NOT CONTINUE WITH IT.  A WASTE OF MONEY AND DISAPPOINTED WITH OPRAH FOR PROMOTING THIS BOOK.
1,Parts of this book were like reading a very dry psychological report - not fun.  Way too long, filled with too much technical jargon.  Characters went on and on, often repetitively, about stuff that didn't matter.	Maybe it's not fair to review this book since I didn't bother to finish it, but this is a commentary on the recent Scarpetta books in general.  Like many others here, I've read most of the books, and enjoyed the early ones.  The characters were interesting, the story lines were intriguing, and the books were authentic enough without being overly technical.  What happened?	This idea of Kay being a celebrity is ridiculous.  She's an M.E.!  It used to be a stretch that people were always targeting her to begin with, but now everyone knows all about her and her private life, criminals are obsessed with her and those around her?  Please, in reality, you know no one would care.	Everyone else in law enforcement is written as lazy, incompetent, or stupid.  Now only Kay and her group are able to solve anything - Kay was always smart, but now there's an annoying air of superiority and snobbery that turns me off.  Especially when they all bounce around from city to city.	Lucy became horribly obnoxious.  Marino became more slime-ball than rough around the edges cop.  Benton may just be one of the most boring literary characters in some time.	I think I'm done with Scarpetta, at least for a while.
1,ugh for a class
1,This is not the book for us!  We won't finish it not read another of this author. We are sorry we wasted the money.
1,This book was, well...strange, to say the least. It wasn't what I was expecting at all. This is my first James Patterson "family" book, but really, no one over twelve would find this very interesting. It's like the authors are writing eight-year-olds, at most. Some of my main concerns with this novel are:		1. The Short Chapters. In his adult thrillers, the two or three page chapters are used very nicely. They're all like mini cliffhangers, and make you want to read on. In this book, though, the chapters end at the most awkward places. Here's an example on page 31: (Daniel's "Mom" is speaking) "Oh, I'm sorry, officers. My husband is a jokester sometimes. And slow to get to the point. Daniel doesn't need to go to school anymore." -NEXT CHAPTER- Was that supposed to be a dramatic cutoff point? It's almost as if JP is using the blank spaces between the chapters to take up space, so he can put a $20 price tag on this already very short book.		2. The "Bad Guy." The alien antagonist (named Seth? Seriously?) really got on my nerves. For one, he is terribly immature and bland in his "comebacks." And really, what was his point? There wasn't really any suspenseful buildup of his character before the "climax" (if you can call it that) of the novel.		3. The Pop Culture Remarks. I hope JP and ML aren't throwing in these awkwardly placed blurbs about famous electronics, movie stars, etc. to sound more "with it." Let's reference page 156: (Daniel is narrarating) "'I should have listened to you,' I moaned, crying. Shia LaBeouf couldn't have done a better acting job, not even with Steven Spielberg directing." Bravo, guys. That paragraph made such a great visual image and made the book that much cooler.		4. Daniel Himself. I didn't feel one bit of sympathy for him throughout this book. Neither does anyone else in his world, since he needs to create his own friends. And he probably has more superpowers than any other character created. Did I mention I can read minds? Flip through books in my head and ace every single test? Easily overcome a blow to the stomach? Create humans based on my memory of them? Talk telepathically with elephants? Oh yeah, he definitely has some in-depth conversations with elephants. Enough said.		So, all in all, it was not my favorite book. Hopefully the Maximum Ride series is better, because I've purchased the first three books in that series already. Oh yeah, and since I bought both Daniel X books at the same time, I guess I'm going to have to read one more volume in his oh-so-interesting life. Let's hope it gets better.
1,This book felt like a bunch of lists. It was so hard to engage when everything is written in bullet points.
1,Not a Trilogy!  Some history but not enough! To far fetched and repetitive very very hard to get into this story!
1,Awkward and stilted prose, just as boring as it sounds.
1,This story doesn't make sense, the author I am sorry to say,  goes beyond asking the reader to suspend their disbelieve, this book demands the reader lowers their IQ into the stupid zone.  This story could be picked apart by a third grader for it's many wrenching faults.
1,This book just took a strange turn.  It was intersting - and then - it was not
1,Our heroine becomes a thief.  Sorry but that is a major character flaw for an ex Marine, now a cop.
1,When I saw that Jason Luke was releasing another title, I was excited.  I am still very intrigued by the idea of a male writer, writing erotic from the male point of view.  But something just did not click for me.  The reviews are mostly giving this high marks, so I may fall to the minority in my feels; which is fine.  No one will read the same book and get the same thing out of it.		Jericho James is in search of a new line of work when he learns of a radio station who is in need of an on air host to take over the late night segment, a segment that is going to focus on BDSM and the lifestyle.  This is the perfect job for Jericho.  Not only does he have the voice, even with a sexy accent, but he is a BDSM Master.  He knows exactly what its like living this lifestyle... because this is his world.  It was supposed to be easy.  Talk, take some calls, give some advice... but it seems there are some women that want to do more for Jericho than just listen to him.		So okay.  I felt like this story talked at me rather than to me.  I felt detached from the entire experience.  The parts where Jericho was away from the mic and not in the studio were the high points, but not that high. A lot of this book felt like it should be shifted into a subcat of self-help and a lot of the initial advice offered seemed recycled from the days when IWAM was released.		I almost put this down about four or five times.  But I kept catching something that offered up something that gave me hope.  It has nothing to do with the authors ability to write.  The book in fact, is really well written and the way he selects his words to frame the scenes is one of the things I enjoyed the most.  Even not finding the book particularly something I enjoyed; there is no denying that.  I just think that the characters didn't present themselves in a way to allow us to latch on to them.		This book isn't listed as a romance... but what it is, is being read by women who reading romance.  Having an actual love story to latch onto would have made this book better.  But heres the thing.  In my opinion, this book feels like a way for the growing number of erotica readers to be cashed in on.  Doling out advice as to how to embrace your new desires; desires to be dominated, to be spanked... it all seems like this huge ploy.  Now, if my theory holds even a little bit of truth that is very sad. I hope my instinct is 100% wrong.
1,The summer of 1977 in New York City was a wonderful and scary time. It was epic. Son of Sam, the blackout, the Grateful Dead releasing Terrapin Station, and then the Grateful Dead movie, Star Wars, and so much more. The prospect of a big novel about the period seemed interesting.		Alas, the book itself is not. It's long, complicated, and its characters - described in way too much detail - are just uninteresting. I made it to around page 200 before I gave up.		Kudos to the publisher's marketing team. They probably recouped their ridiculous advance.
1,Not well written, and only mildly interesting...
1,Just couldn't get into it... wasn't what I expected. I enjoy Ann Rule's books, but this one wasn't one of them.  Not because of her writing, just because of the "players"... her writing is excellent.
1,My mom and I are avid readers of the Joe Grey series. We've each read every mystery three times.  I bought this for her and was VERY disappointed when I started reading it. I'm still reading it since I can't get interested in it. It seems to drone on and on about the characters, all but Misto. I have to put it down and read something else. It's more about Lee Fontana than the cat, Misto. I bought it to read about Misto. I sincerely hope the next book Ms Murphy writes will be a Joe Grey mystery not another Misto adventure.
1,My mom talked about how much she loved this book and the movie....boy was she ever wrong. This was a bork g book with hardly any funny parts. I didn't even finish the book. No thanks.
1,GDT needs to use this novel as a script.  I don't believe that it is worth the effort to read it as is.  It surely wasn't worth my time.  Though, with GDT's visionary and artful eye, as demonstrated in "Pan's Labyrinth" and "The Orphanage", this book would surely amaze in the form of a movie.  The only drawback is that the plot is a straight-up mixture of the movies "Outbreak" and any one of the "Blade" trilogy movies.		I completely understand if this review helps no one, but this novel is seriously banal.  Don't waste your time.
1,John Irving is one of my favorite writers.  With this in mind I plodded through his most recent book.  I didn't like it, I kept waiting for something to happen that never did.  It was convoluted, and very difficult to read.  I'm happy it's over.
1,For a book that says it's new on my invoice, it looks like it's from 1982 and ridden hard.  I sent pictures
1,This book is a rant about the exsistance of GOD. Such a letdown, very little actual info about persuasive attempts. It is full of repeat arguments and quite frankly so poorly written that it was very diffucult to follow any of his arguments. It reminded me of the dictum: publish or perish...obviously quality suffers...
1,Characters shallow and underdeveloped.  Outcome does not feel real.
1,I read an article comparing Don Delillo and Chuck Palahniuk's writing style.  What an awful comparision.  I have read two Delillo books and both have been dreadfully boring.		In White Noise the characters are annoying and the conversations are awful.  The book seems to have very little purpose and goes no where.  If this is one of the great books of the 80's, I will not be reading any more books from the 80's.
1,No new information
1,This book was so odd. The narration seemed like the author was trying to describe things to a very slow, dense, 5-year old. Monotonous, repetitive, and strange.
1,Too much of the same that I have learned before.
1,Story was TWISTED and difficult to follow.
1,Simply coud not get into the book...Pickwick Papers did not live up to my expectations.  I floundered after the first chapter
1,Pages and pages of description of the landscape. Northwards this, downwards that, a tree here a hole there. I was basically losing my mind. I usually think the book is a better deal than the movie, but there is no point to spend so much time imagining so many different scenarios and nothing going on. I just didn't like it.	Example:" The Company now turned aside from the path and went into the shadow of the deeper woods, westwardalong the mountain stream away from Silverlode. Not far from the falls of Nimrodel they found a cluster of trees, somo of which overhung the stream"	"The hills now began to shut them in. The Road behind held on its way to the River Bruinen, but both were now hidden from view. The travelers came into a long valley; narrow, deeply cloven dark and silent. Trees with old twisted roots hung over cliffs, and piled up behind into mounting slopes of pine-woods"	And the whole thing is like that.	GO WATCH THE MOVIE
1,Sadly this is a contemporary topic of  he said, she said and sexual harassment. Implications for the family of the accused as well as for the significant others of the victims are described. Nativity seems part of the wifes character but there were some aspects latter in the story that clarified some of her actions. Sections of the book on economics, business, and ethics seemed complex. Legal maneuvering is detailed and filled with minutiae. At times the plot jumps from past to present and seems to juxtapose characters and events. Overall this novel seemed to be a cure for insomnia.
1,Dumb...without redeeming storyline or focus.
1,I am someone who will finish a book once I start it 99% of the time, and I'll give it 25+ pages to get into it, I couldn't even get that far in this book unfortunately- it was just horribly written sadly.
1,Not too happy with this one.  It seemed like the characters changed midway through.  At times the language was more like a medieval romance than a regency romance, too.  I kept forgetting toward the end that this was the same book as the one I started.  I wouldn't recommend this one.
1,This LONG book seems to be nothing more than Gates patting himself on the back for his accomplishments.  The point where I was sorry I bought the book, was when he started to praise Hillary Clinton!  He also seems to re write history somewhat.  He states the Iraq war was started on a lie, that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction, which he also believed.  The proof that they DID have these weapons was conveniently left out.  Hell, Saddam actually used these weapons on his own people, the Kurds!  Also, no mention of the Russian Spetznatz trucking material out so we wouldn't find it was mentioned.  Gee, i wonder where Syria got theirs?  He HAD to know that.  Save your money!
1,I am sick to death of Nora Roberts getting rich at the cost of her devoted readers.	Changing the title of a book, releasing it as a new book, and then trying to lay the blame on the publisher is blatant disregard for all those readers who have been faithfully buying everything she's ever had published.	It would be different if it had only happened once, but this is at least the eighth book I've bought, or almost bought because of her greed.	I'm done with this. I'll not buy another.	I freely admit it about breaks my heart to give up the "In Death" series, but she pulled the same stunt on it last year, by releasing, "Three in Death," and then, "Big Jack," which were all prior releases under other titles.	You will never convince me that a proven money-maker for a publisher, which Roberts certainly is, does not have enough clout to at the very least, get the publisher to stamp the cover. "REPRINT" or "RERELEASE"
1,Tells you the "whys" of why a man behaves the way they do. I've read more insightful dating books with better explanations but she said it's science... but as I go through many relationships with men of all kinds, I learn that while it's "fun" to stereotype a man as a whole, it's still hard and unpredictable at times.... and it's more based on the experiences he's had in his life and his influences, rather than it's because he's horny or what not or that's because his brain is "marinated in testosterone" as she had written... Thank you though...		The book's last half is filled with sitations and references (which is good don't get me wrong) and that is why the book is twice as thick as it should be. Her conclusions were half the book.		Don't get me wrong I did like alot of her stuff and explanations but I still didn't get why Ryan chose Nicole (oooh I HATE that name!) and Frank chose to play with Sally's feelings just to get another notch on his bed post so to speak. How mean and immature... that guy didn't think about what if it would end up hurting Sally?!		When she talked about the daddy brain and the other stuff I liked it alot it was a fun read. I liked the table and summary of what was happening in the supposed man's brain during that particular stage in his life.
1,I had a really hard time getting into this book.  The storyline, and any plot having to do with cancer, is always a tough read for me, but this one was especially hard.  I found myself not being able to feel anything but disdain for both Eve and Justin and pity for Kerry.  By the end, I just wanted the book to be done so I didn't have to waste anymore precious reading time on it.  I don't recommend this book at all.  I was looking for a light summer read, but this was just sad and depressing.
1,It only reiterated what I thought while I was reading "The Shack"  I didn't find it as interesting as some follow up books.
1,I have read pleanty of books now with a dom/sub subject matter.  I really liked the first 3 books, but this book was a complete turn off.  I am hesitant to read the other books in the Wicked series.  I found Hunter to a bully and borderline rapist, and I don't use that term lightly at all!!!  I found that he forced himself on Kata more than once.  A dom/sub relationship from what I've read in numerous other books is always about consent and boundries.  He went over none of that with her and regardless of whether or not she agreed to it in the end, I felt he forced her hand.  He says to her something along the lines of "let me decide what's good for you and what you need."  Um...no!  He was horribly offensive and barberick in my opinion.  I will probably contiue reading the series because I like the foundation being layed down of other characters by the author.  I just needed a break because I was so offended by Hunter.
1,Took awhile to get into  but did finish
1,This was one of my least favorites!! Usually, I get some laughs out of Stephanie Plum, but not this time. Kind of of stupid. The second half of the book was better but.....  Next time I will not preorder and will wait to read reviews.
1,I have to say that this book is a total waste of money, I had in mind to leave an extensive review to explain why until I read the review of the Secret by another review I read prior to what I had in mind, but this person just does it so clearly and as I agree with all the points made, please see: longhorn24 review, it says it all in an excellent and accessible fashion - I am returning this book back for a refund.
1,I'd just finished reading Tatum O'Neal's book "Found" so picked up Betty White's new book just because I happened to be in that celebrity reading vein. Betty The Person seems like a really nice person and I like her, but Betty The Book is pretty shallow. Really not much to say about it. More like a magazine article with big print and extra photos. Fortunately I picked it up from the library and didn't lay out the $25.95 price shown on the inside cover.
1,Insights mostly absent. Sorry. I did appreciate the attempt.
1,Boring! Started out ok, but then got into nothing but facts and figures & statistics--fall asleep material
1,I love Christmas-themed romance anthologies, so this was a must-buy as soon as I saw it. Unfortunately, it wasn't worth the money. I get the impression that at least two of the authors just scribbled any old thing, never mind about the quality, just to get their names on the cover and a few more bucks in their royalty account.		Fern Michaels is an author whose name I've seen about on book-covers a lot, but never actually read. Now, I know to avoid her like the plague. If this is any kind of example of her usual work, I don't know how she gets published. She needs to go back to basics and learn about writing style. The novella feels amateurish in the extreme. The characters are flat and uninspiring, the plot is unconvincing and the narration made it extremely difficult to keep reading - in fact, it took me about four separate attempts to finish the novella. Point of view jumps about all over the place, including into the heads of minor characters completely irrelevant to the story - has Michaels ever heard of strict POV? Apart from being much easier for readers to follow than her head-hopping is, it also allows readers to get to know and actually *care* about the hero and heroine. As it is, the characters did nothing for me, and nor did the boring story.		Beverley Barton can do better than this; I know, because I've read other work by her. The Ghost of Christmas Past is horribly clichd and unbelievably poor. The hero, Katie, still stuck in the early stages of grief for her dead husband after four years (and we're expected to believe at the same time that she's a successful career woman - not likely if she's at that degree of barely-functioning) is too good to be true and extremely irritating. If I were Mack, I'd have thrown her out into the snow to freeze after her second monologue about how wonderful Darrell was/how terrible it is not to celebrate Christmas (and this from the hypocrite who's running away from celebrating Christmas) and the inane TMI about her family, the family she loves so much she's escaping from them. If there was romance in this novella, I missed it. Those two were incompatible in the extreme and what he saw in her I couldn't work out.		As for Joanne Fluke's story, if I'd wanted a fistful of recipes I'd have looked them up on the internet. There were more recipes than story in this novella, and most of the rest was about Hannah, the cook, and all the nonentities in her life, who all presumably appear in Fluke's other novels but were strangers to me and will remain so. Julie and Matt's love story might have been interesting, if we'd ever actually been given it. The story takes up when they've already kissed for the first time. We get a few more kisses, a lot of over-the-top kid-interruptus (including a completely ridiculous, unbelievable misunderstanding - and, by the way, does Fluke know the difference between an email and an IM?), and then suddenly they're proposing to each other. Where was the romance? Sorry, but in between all the recipes I missed out on it. Stick to cooking, Fluke, and don't write romance novels.		Finally, at last a novella worth reading was Shirley Jump's Twelve Days. Office romance, secret Santa and UST, plus a decent dollop of Christmas spirit and fun. I did enjoy this one, and I wish it had been a full-length novel instead of the final novella in this otherwise dismal and boring collection.		This book's now going to the recycle pile, which is a shame in respect of Jump's story, which deserves re-reading - but the rest of it does not deserve space on my bookshelf.
1,I am surprised by the glowing blurbs and the incredible publicity push for this book. This novel is reminiscent of the pulp action adventure novels that inspired The African Queen, though The Silver Hearted lacks even the stereotypical charm, delineation, and back story of stock characters such as Charlie and Rose. McConnell sets up a tough hurdle in the first chapter. It is quite difficult to develop sympathy for the unnamed narrator of this story who begins his tale by telling the reader he has lost the money from his trust fund (hmmm... like we all have) and then happens upon a treasure. The author is good at writing action and dialogue, the prose is sharp, but he is quite unskilled at developing fully fleshed characters or making his plot and themes entertaining for a reader. I found this one sorta dull.
1,This book is a good example of what is wrong with academic writing.  It is unfortunately dry.  The sentences are long and littered with in text references, but no real life examples to tie it to practice.  If you think the most important things to know about human behavior in the social environment are the names of theories, who wrote about them, and in what year they were developed, then this is your book.  If you think it's important to actually understand human behavior in different contexts, find something else.  If this was assigned for your class, you have my deepest condolences.
1,Ms. Shriver is a fine stylist and is possessed of an admirable vocabulary, but such skills add little to a comic novel.		Not exactly a comic novel, this is a story of whimsy. A woman's long-lost older brother moves in, and he turns out to be morbidly obese. Hilarity ensues. Not hilarity, exactly, but painful scenes at the expense of fat people. You know the stereotype, so you can easily imagine the droll humor.		The pace is slow. Thirty-five pages go by before the fat brother appears. Thirty-five pages of excruciating, dense whimsy.
1,Some good info.....but the hatred of Christianity from MacCulloch comes shining through quite often! Note to self.....next time I read on the Reformation, make sure I read from a source that is Christian! Mac does not seem to understand basic Christian doctrine. He is a Relativist and cannot even give an opinion whether the Reformation as a good or bad thing! He makes many snotty remarks about Christianity without giving any kind of context for his remarks!		He throws out the old canard that the NT is anti semitic.....what an idiotic charge...I wonder if Mac realized almost all the NT was written by Jews about the King of the Jews?? What an amazing slander that is......His whining about Homosexuality is out of place.....a stupid chapter when he could have touched on much more pertinent subjects.		Funny thing is I was going to buy more of his books....not now.....after this politically correct rubbish, that is enough for me.....
1,I find the information to be helpful, but not impressive.  In the process of searching for answers on the internet I found the same type of information in this Ebook for free online.  I should have read how many pages this book provided before purchasing.  It took me 15 minutes to read.  I will not be purchasing the other editions.
1,This book is written in a style that would be best read by a twelve to fourteen year old.  In fact they would find it quite good.  For adults..not so much.
1,This is probably the hardest review I have had to date.  Because, while I have mad love for Claire and her writing is exceptional, I did not love Elastic Hearts.  I loved Victor when we met him in Kaleidoscope Hearts, and was super excited when I found out he was getting a book as well.		Claire stated that Elastic Hearts was different from Kaleidoscope Hearts and Paper Hearts, as those were second chance romances and this one was not.  I was okay with that.  I didn't even think about comparing the three books once, because every character has a different story to tell.		As I started Elastic Hearts, I felt that both Victor, and Nicole fell flat.  I didn't feel any depth with either character, and therefore did not connect to either of them from the start, which broke my heart because of my feelings toward Victor in book 1.  When I got to 50%, and nothing was happening still, I almost sat the book down and walked away.  When the story finally started to come together around the 75-80% mark, it was too late for me.  Elastic Hearts was just too slow moving for my taste.		There were some things that I did enjoy about Victor and Nicoles story, and those were the scenes with secondary characters.  I loved the interactions with Estelle, Oliver, Jensen, and Mia.  I have always enjoyed the banter they have had with each other especially between the guys.		I know a lot of you will love this book, so please don't take my opinion as truth.  And don't let my review deter you from reading the book for yourself.  Its just that Elastic Hearts was not for me.		I will always be a fan of Claires and cannot wait to see what she writes next.
1,Not as interesting as the first two books in the series. Very anticlimactic.
1,I couldn't keep reading after a couple of chapters. I really hope that not too many girls and women read this book and take it seriously - its very sad if they do. It's dis-tasteful and seems to assume women are no more then a walking pussy that is to be used to attract men and use them for all you can get. I'm hoping most females have a little more self-respect.
1,Incredibly biased, stopped reading it short of mid way thru.
1,no me gust porque comenz como basada en hechos reales incluso ambientada en Per, dedicada al supuesto personaje central, pero fue decantndose en mil aventuras no creibles y ya cuando dijo que estuvo en las Torre Gemelas ah se acab de matar el librito.. No creo nada de lo narrado a menos que me digan es total ficcin y de ser as muy mala escritora con clichs y hechos no creibles.	Sorry
1,I read this many years ago and then again just recently. As observed by other readers, there is allot of time spent on fabricated topics that the book would be better off without. (the "saving face" topic is circular and goes nowhere.)		In addition, I agree that the author does romanticize "warriorship" and places "warriors" above other members of society; a sentiment best suited to WW2 Japan or maybe Kronos, the Klingon home-world.		The one positive thing that I have recalled many times is the authors revelation that martial-artists (in America) are not accustomed to getting hit; although, in the past decade there has been a trend to remedy this problem. Perhaps this book contributed to that trend.		My general disappointment with the book stems from the fact that the author attempts to discuss martial-arts styles that he knows nothing about, and is dismissive of anything that he has not deemed worthy of his mastery; particularly the internal Chinese disciplines. This made me question his authority on topics which I am not familiar but which he claims to be an expert. It would have been better to omit a brief mention of a style rather than to demonstrate ignorance of it; or dismiss it altogether.		His knowledge of Martial Arts history is also not very good but that could be attributed to the limited availability of such arcane information at the time of this writing. Today, the average enthusiast has access to more information than this American author probably had at his disposal.		The authors understanding of "warrior philosophy" is also somewhat lacking and based more on fiction and war propaganda than a true understanding of the cultures from which these traditions derive. He falsely compares ancient Samurai philosophy with the sentiments of the faltering Japanese army during the final, desperate, days of world war 2.		I don't think that many culturally Asian Martial-artists would find this book representative of Asian martial-arts; speaking as a culturally Asian martial artist.		While I would love to tout a book written just "for us", I can only give it two stars because in the many years I have owned it I have never felt compelled to lend it to a friend or recommend it to a fellow martial-artist. That may be the best test of a good martial-arts book.		A revised edition, perhaps with contributions of other experts, would be welcome.
1,Unix administrator..perhaps just stick to it?
1,Nothing to enjoy in a depressing book about Boy not yet strong enough to endure what life dealt his family.
1,Gideon Page gets fired and starts on his own with a manslaughter client and a woman who bakes rats.  I had hopes that this book would be much better, but the action was slow.  It took forever to get to the court scenes, and they were dissappointing.  I never figured out what motivated Dr Chapman to be so stubborn with his lawyer.  There are parts of this book which entertain with appealing characters, but overall, I had to force myself to finish it.
1,This book explores conversations about race, particularly those that we are not having or ones that go badly.  The author draws on her lived experience, reactions from her followers and taps into some reports but few scholarly articles or theoretical analyses to back her assertions. Notes do not begin until chapter six and they are slim.  So, if you are looking for a thoughtful analysis of the topic that will lead to new insights and change the narrative on race, this is not the book for you.  The book is both readable in that Oluo writes in a conversational tone; however, that same tone for the reader can be a bit weary...like you want to hang up the phone and not call back in a few months, if at all.  Or more appropriately, since many of the anecdotes come from social media, unfriend her or no longer subscribe to her blog.  Although the questions are of interest, I found much of the writing rambling and off point. It is targeted toward white people to have them learn about how to talk about race and stop being racist while people of color get to air their grievances and have some catharsis.  She counsels to not make discussions on racial oppression comfortable for others (do not tone police), which is her approach in the book.  Yet, that same tone sends off a strong message that whites only have a place in the race discussion as a "woke" ally to people of color (which is primarily just a discussion about blacks, although she does have a chapter on the Asian myth of model minority) and that people of color's role in the race discussion is to educate white people about oppression.  The book confuses terms beginning with racism and does an unfortunate job of a rambling discourse (with no citations) on intersectionality.  I really wanted to like this book as any insights into closing our ever widening racial divide is appreciated. I am disappointed that I cannot recommend this book.
1,This book review is under my husband's name, but I am the one that read it.  It was very well-written.  Would have given it 5 stars except the "F" word was used frequently.
1,I'm new to bead crochet, although I do know how to crochet a little bit already. I know how to handle the hook and the yarn. I'm wanting a lot of instruction about how to get startedwith bead ropes, with good photos and diagrams. I'm giving this book two stars for a couple of reasons:		First, the actual bead crochet instructions are well photographed, but are very confusing. She skips steps and many times I was left scratching my head about where to put the needle. Although the colored beads with contrasting red thread was helpful, sometimes it just didn't make sense. Diagrams with arrows instead of photos, or more clear instructions, would have been useful.		Second, the designs aren't very good and I was very uninspired by them. I expected to see more pattern development with variations, but the author is more into embellishment and gewgaws.		Finally, it was a waste of money for the amount of instruction and size of the book The book is very skimpy in pages and worth about $8.95. It's not a book, it's a pamphlet. I'm returning it. It appears by looking that her other "books" that she's attempting to cash in by breaking down the subject into various small books so she can make more money. The author does appear to be knowledgable, but each book is a just chapter of what could be one good larger book. It seems like she's just milking her audience and this is a turn-off.		As an alternative book, I highly recommend "Crafting Conundrums" instead. It covers all of what this authors covers in all of her high-priced pamphlets, and then some.
1,I am so sick of books being carelessly compared to "DaVinci Code." Just because its a search to uncover mysteries in history does not mean its "DaVinci Code." This book does not have a feel of urgency to it. The history is not that interesting to override character flaws. And the characters are poor. Half the time is spent on characters sitting at the beach or walking around foreign cities. This does not compare to "DaVinci Code" on so many levels.		I just cannot finish this book. I'm too turned off by the main character. So the main character is a professor with a wife and daughter with Down syndrome. This has caused a substantial financial and relational strain on their marriage. So of course the husband finds it okay to "give in to lust" and CHEAT with one of his blond, well endowed students (who is obviously working for someone trying to stop his research). What a jerk of a character. You read his thoughts as he selectively leaves out he's married with child! Is a minor, "oh I know this is wrong, why didn't I mention them?" supposed to help us sympathize with him? "Oh, but I'm earning the money for them." Right. Your wife and daughter want your money.		How interesting would this character have been if he actually was involved in his daughter's life and that relationship was highlighted? Instead you hear how he misses appointments with doctors and school reps. Nice... so he cannot handle reality and does not work to fix his marriage. Nope, to sum up, instead we read: "that girl has nice boobs, and she invited me over for lunch. I'm going that route! I'm going to tell myself its to study, even though I know that its not. But if I don't think about it, perhaps the readers will overlook it. They'll think I'm innocent and naive." Nope. He's trash.		The historical fact finding is very interesting, but the main character is a sleaze, and I just can't get past that. And beside said student, any other female is a very minor character. This is clearly a boys game when it comes to the meat of the story and discoveries.		The author clearly is not a big fan of Americans either. They're described as, basically, stupid and fat. Plus his female characters are either so minor they're non-existent or they're willing adulterers.		Hey, author, women are interested in history too. And we'd prefer NOT to read about men observing a woman's bra size. How about we stick to the historical stuff? Its what you are advertising your book as! Historical discovery!
1,First off, I had very high hopes for this book after Shadow Divers. My honest belief here is that Pirate Hunters was written by John Mattera and only edited by Robert Kurson. More on this later. With all due respect, this book should have been condensed to a 12 page magazine article.		As a certified nautical archaeologist having spent 20 years working overseas in several third world countries (including managing two projects for one of his "heroes" that Mattera claims he consulted with) it's absurd to believe that 4 guys working on off an inflatable for several years in the Dominican weren't shaken down every single day for money or arrested for stealing that country's cultural heritage, permit or not. We had permits in all the countries we worked in, but once word got out on the island that you were diving for a shipwreck, every government and local official assumed you were finding gold and they all wanted their share regardless of what your permit stated. No fuel, or supplies sold to you, no tanks re-filled, boat chained to the dock, cars vandalized. Hard to believe these guys weren't chased out of the country or thrown in jail.		Several incidents in the book are not plausible. Examples:		Mattera is researching John Bannister in the archives in Seville and requests help from the attendant. She asks Mattera if he is a treasure hunter, and he says yes. The book claims that she then goes out of her way to help Mattera, but reality is if you admit to being a treasure hunter in the archives they escort you out of the building. Spain now has a worldwide claim against all Spanish artifacts and shipwrecks recovered regardless of its location, and treasure hunters are viewed as thieves against the Spanish government.		John Chatterton claims that because they are searching for a pirate ship then no country will claim ownership. It is standard procedure for the country of origin to step in after a shipwreck is discovered and claim title since it was never officially "abandoned" under admiralty law. The problem with Chatterton's statement is that not only was the Golden Fleece never officially abandoned, it was in fact stolen from the British Crown which makes it the most compelling shipwreck to be claimed and negate whatever permit might have been issued.		The minute the main ballast pile is located, the book claims they immediately relocated the larger stones to get to the artifacts. A virgin pirate wreck like this would warrant several months of archaeological photomapping and studies in situ before any disturbance, and these guys immediately ripped it apart. This alone would get Chatterton and Mattera arrested and would have their names blackballed in the international archaeology community for life.		Back to John Mattera. The book devotes way too much time on his unremarkable life and portrays him as a very unlikable loan shark street thug hero with no qualities that endear him to the reader. Mattera goes back & forth from threatening & assaulting people including Bob Marx to this sad little boy being held in his fiance's arms and being told it's ok to dream and keep looking for "your" pirate. Again, this book had to be written by Mattera in a misguided effort to seem relevant. it just didn't work at all.		Finally, it's not until the last chapter that the Golden Fleece is supposedly located. No proof, just likely circumstance based on artifacts. The books fails to mention any details about the recovery or status of the artifacts, the extent of the inventory recovered, final outcome of the agreement between Chatterton and Bowden (it only says there ended up being a disagreement. In treasure hunting?? Naw!). Chatteron and Mattera will no doubt lose their entire investment in this caper. The pictures are minimal and incomplete. Where is the cleaned and restored musket they claimed to have had verified as from the wreck? You wait 200+ pages to get to the discovery and then the book ends with very little closure. Very suspicious.		Again, had high hopes but this book is a mess.
1,Very technical and a bit boring
1,Boring
1,Michio Kaku is a really smart guy and writes in a style that makes for a quick read. He give the reader a very organized consistent view of the future as it pertains to technology. Don't look for any earth shattering views on economics. He thinks that smart people will replace entrepreneurs. He doesn't realize that entrepreneurs are very smart people too!		But, hey great book to read on a trip!
1,The book was purely science fiction with an impossible hypothesis.  I don't recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good suspense/mystery novel.  Never so happy to get to the end of a book.
1,Book is okay at best. The writing on the pages is so cramped together that it makes it hard to read and practice. There are many examples, but I have already lost interest. Plus, the 'budget' pens they recommended are terrible. I would not pay full price for this book, but wait and find it at a used book store.
1,I read the Silo series first and expected this to be written in a similar manner.  Wrong!		This is a juvie cartoon comic book without the Biffs and Zaps (barely).	It is ridiculously unbelievable.		If you want the literary Howey, this is not it.
1,This was by far my least favorite Demille book.  Whenever Corey was offstage, about 1/2 the book, I was bored and disengaged by the storyline.  Oddly, Demille chose to explain the terrorists actions which robbed the story of any suspense.  Also, his wife's absence was sorely missed as their dynamic is generally witty.  Bummer.....
1,I think I like the idea behind this novella -- the ongoing dialogue between a philosopher and the demon he's sold his soul to, who's suspicious the man is trying to trick his way out of their contract -- a lot better than the execution. Both the story and the main character feel like they think they're a lot smarter than they actually are, and the major plot points aren't given enough context ahead of time to really satisfy. I don't think I would have kept reading if this had been a full-length novel.
1,I normally love Linwood Barclay's books, but "Far from True" just didn't hold my interest. I read "Broken Promise"(the first in the series) and this was more of the same. The "Promise Falls" books have way too many plot lines and characters. You feel like you need to take notes to keep everything straight, but the problem with that is that you just don't care enough about any of the sub-plots or characters to even try to keep track. And the ending is so abrupt that it just leaves you mad instead of intrigued. I won't be picking up the 3rd book in the trilogy. I feel that Barclay got off track with this trilogy and I hope he finds his way back to his normal page-turners soon.
1,"Dedication" written by the authors of "The Nanny Diaries" Emma McLaughlin and Nicola Kraus centered on Kate, a sustainable development consultant who used to date her high school sweetheart Jake Sharpe who had became a superstar. All of Jake's hit songs had to deal with his intimate experience with Kate as well as her personal life. In addition, Jake cheated his high school bandmates out of deserved recognition and royalties. Kate was determined to confront Jake once and for all when he returned to their hometown in Vermont for Christmas.		This was a disappointing read for me as the plot for "Dedication" was rather thin. The writing was all over the place making it hard to follow. It was also confusing especially at the beginning as there seemed to be too many conversations and characters. In addition, the characters were not likeable and there were hardly any development throughout the book. This was a rather uninteresting read for me and there are definitely better books out there in this genre.
1,I was so excited to get this book. The story line sounded good and I hadn't read a romance from Nora in a long time. Wow, was I disappointed. There was no beginning, middle and end to this story. It just kept going on and on about nothing really. The plot was boring, characters boring, and nothing interesting happened! I have about 50 pages to go and don't even know if I want to finish it, because I don't really care about whatever happens next. Don't buy this book. If you still want to read it- get it from the library so you don't waste your money. I am shocked people gave it 5 stars.
1,I expected and paid for a "Library Binding" and the librarian said it was just a paper back, so I had to pay for another book.  Not very happy .
1,I guess if you like Watts OK but mostly boring, and the guy has been revealing secrets of the universe which are really pretty obvious in any case	Rates 5 on the Meh-meter
1,Don't waste your time.
1,The book Leadership by Rudolph W. Giuliani gives readers lessons regarding what it means to be a leader. Giuliani tells his readers how important it is to be a man of your word.  He tells them how to honor their commitments, how important it is to honor your oaths.		All of these things are important. He also tells readers how the leader has to walk the walk and lead by example.  In short, not to ask anyone to do something you cannot do yourself.  That is the mark of a great leader.		However, according to his own words in the book Leadership, Giuliani is not capable of practicing what he preaches.  Instead, it is a matter of do what I say, not what I do.		When one gets married, he makes certain promises.  He swears an oath before God, family, and friends.  There is a reason witnesses are required to sign the marriage license.		Giuliani tells how his girlfriend was there for him several times.  He extols her virtues. There is no virtue in cheating on ones wife.  There is no virtue in one who would help a married man cheat on his wife.		Leadership is not really about how to be a leader, but more about how not to be a leader.  We give Leadership no stars.  How can someone be an example of leadership when he lives a life that is completely opposite of what he says makes a great leader?		We recommend that you avoid this book at all costs.		We bought this book at a Friends of the Library sale.  We are under no obligation to write any review, positive or negative.		We are disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission's 16 CFR, Part 255.
1,I'm going to keep - just not what I was looking for.  I'm sure sometime during the holidays, I'll find a place for some of the arrangements.
1,Long drawn out novel -many characters introduced but never developed	Enjoyed his first 4 novels -5th one was a stretch and this will be the last
1,In a fast trip through previous Margolin books, Hearstone was the first one that I found lacking.  The characters were not as well developed as they are in other Margolin books and the plot took too long to get anywhere.  If this is your first one, keep reading.  Gone But Not Forgotten and The Last Innocent Man were much better.
1,The copy I received was written in German.  Since I do not read German, the book is useless to me.  I am trying to return it.
1,I've been a fan of Neil Young since Buffalo Springfield, I've seen him numerous times in concert, but let me say this is one stupid book. Who writes an autobiography and ends with the promise to tell you more in the next book??? 50% of the book is an infomercial. I kind of enjoyed the book, but I won't be buying the next one...............
1,Not really much to say, I have read all his other books, but by far his worst.  I'm not really into ghosts in subs, the rest of the plot was not too bad. But I have to agree with a previous reviewer, a billion dollar sub sent out on an exercise in a hurricane and his dead wife telling him what to do?
1,While well-described, the characters weren't interesting to me.  Except for "the girl,'  no one ever changed or recovered or progressed. All were dull as dishwater.  Such a laborious plot -- then, an abrupt, unsatisfying ending.  I was disappointed with this book that received rave reviews.
1,The book was way to short.... would of been nice if it was a little longer. Disappointed!! Besides that it was ok
1,I loved the book where Ethan and Elizabeth met, however the three main characters in Deep Dark Mire were so immoral it was disgusting.  I felt so sorry for Desdemona.  I probably will never read another book by Morgan Kelly.
1,Don't waste your money
1,Audible Review: The narrators were awesome. This was my first time listening to Jason Carpenter and I could listen to him all day long. What a voice! Charlotte Penfield was really good as well. I have absolutely no complaints on their performance.		Story Review: Stanton gets his high school sweetheart pregnant. She pushes him to continue on with his college plans while she stays in their hometown raising their daughter. She does make the choice to keep their relationship open while they are apart, but of course she hates that he takes her up on it. They then decide to keep the arrangement open and just don't talk about it. 10 years go by. Thats right, 10 years and this arrangement is still going on. The true heroine of the story is the woman he has a friends w/benefits arrangement set up with who happens to be a co-worker of his.		What shakes everything up is a wedding invitation for Jenny. Hes completely shocked because he thought she would wait for him to sow his wild oats and marry him when he felt the time was right. Yeah, that right there did not endear this man to me. Stanton decides to go home and stop the wedding and thinks its a good idea to bring Sophia to help him. Again, just no.		Its disappointing because this had potential of being a great read. I could have loved Stanton if he left Jenny alone and pursued Sophia only. When I could forget about the reasons for bringing Sophia home, I loved their interactions and the interactions of the small town side characters. I really hope the next two books go in a very different direction.
1,Awful rubbish; an endless book about digging up a graveyard and people getting sick as a result.  I was sick reading this and felt worse after it.
1,Really awful.  Characters are unlikable and underdeveloped.  The story line is difficult to follow, and to make up for this fact, the author patronizes the reader by having one of the characters "summarize" what has happened so far.  I kept waiting for it to get good, and I am now 51% of the way through, and am giving up.  I just can't take it anymore.
1,I hate starting a book and not finishing it. I could not finish this one. I made the mistake of buying two of this author's books. I found the writing awful and story lines boring.
1,Brought to you by OBS reviewer Heidi		Olivia, Gabriel, and Ricky have accepted the roles they play in the ancient drama around them, the one that keeps repeating with new characters. The Fae of Cainsville and the Cwn Annwn both vying for Olivias attention, both factions futures depending on her choice, Gabriel or Ricky; Tylwyth Teg or Cwn Annwn.  But Olivia, Gabriel, and Ricky are determined not to make the same mistakes those of the past have made.  They aren't going to force a decision, but instead stick together, the three of them.  They feel its the only way to avoid heartbreak and complete and utter destruction.  However, now Liv is having visions of young girls being brutally murdered and begging her to choose stating they will continue to die if she doesnt.		Ricky has also been accused of murder, which leads our famous trio into an investigation that involves the girls in Livs visions, the Lamiae.  But their investigation also leads them to a rogue Huntsmen and a broken and abused Cwn (hound) that will take everything Ricky and Olivia have to bring back to trusting and get past her fear and hurt.		And during all of this, Gabriel finally realizes what hes lost by not being able to be what Liv needed emotionally in the early going.  Hes decided he doesnt want to roll over and die and just let Ricky have her.  He won't try to keep her from Ricky or even try to break them up, but hes decided its time to show her how much she means to him.		This is one of those series that I get so excited to get my hands on and usually they're pretty entertaining reads.  You caught that usually right?  Sadly, this installment just didn't do it for me.  I stayed with the storyline fine, but I just didn't find it all that exciting.  And, I couldn't get past the unlikeness of Gabriel, Ricky, and Olivia all staying friends forever.  I mean shes dating Ricky, but obviously has feelings for Gabriel as well.  Its human nature to develop deeper feelings for one person over the other, just as its natural for the guys to form jealousies between them over her.  I know in my gut that one of the guys is going to end up with their heart shredded.  And, it makes me pretty sad thinking about it.		Luckily for Gabriel, Ricky is a really understanding guy, a bit too understanding.  Backing away from Olivia when you can tell he doesnt want to, but feels Gabriel needs him to.  Not to mention the last scene of this book.  I hated his latest move to make sure the trio stays intact.  This solidifies my feelings that Olivia will end up with Gabriel and who will Ricky have to blame for it?  I think the only way they can all stay harmonious friends is if Olivia finds a new man unrelated to all of this stuff.  But who would be able to tolerate two other guys salivating over their woman?  I guess only time will tell how it will all shake out.  I just hope the next book is more entertaining for me than this one was.		*OBS would like to thank the publisher for supplying a free copy of this title in exchange for an honest review*
1,The author's basic idea -- of trying to provide a simplified explanation of low-volatility for "normal people" is admirable but I think he ends up going too far. If you treat this book as simply motivation to learn more about low-volatility then I think it is fine for that job. But if you actually invest based on the arguments laid out in this book....you are making a mistake. Not because van Vliet is wrong...but because his argument is so superficial that it shouldn't be enough to convince anyone to actually invest their hard earned money.		van Vliet starts the book with an anecdote from his past and says, "I personally experienced that high-risk investing does not automatically lead to high return". Setting up a strawman like that early on sets a bad first impression. If something "automatically leads to high return" then who in the world would call it "high risk"? van Vliet relies continually on this sleight of hand, saying "high risk" when he means "high volatility". He doesn't do a good job of making the case that they are the same thing. On the contrary, in a buried footnote he says "Uncertainty, risk, and volatility are not the same thing".		Given that the book is intended for a less technical audience, I can almost forgive van Vliet this, though. Trying to explain the difference is not an easy task. But I still think he should have made more of an effort. Given how brief the book is, he certainly had the room to expand on it.		The primary flaw, though, is that van Vliet's entire argument, as presented in the book, rests on "cumulative returns since 1929". While I understand his desire not to overwhelm readers with the various charts and metric the financially-inclined normally have....basing an investment strategy on that one simple measure is kinda crazy. Even worse, his benchmark -- what he compares it against -- is pretty unfair. Instead of comparing it to, say, the S&P 500 overall, he compares the lowest 10% of volatility to the highest 10% of volatility. But who would actually ever invest that way?		When van Vliet turns the basic idea into a full-fledged investment strategy he actually adds screens for momentum and value (which he measures by "shareholder yield" (dividends + share buy backs). But again, he provides only minimal evidence for these. He shows the results of this strategy since 1929 and compares it to low-volatility alone.		Anyone who is a bit more informed about anomalies will likely come away feeling frustrated and disappointed by van Vliet's arguments. Why not compare against better benchmarks? Why not show us maximum drawdowns? Why not show decade by decade performance so we can be sure it isn't all due to 1929? (Why start at 1929, anyway? The CRSP stock database goes back to 1925.) Why does he use 1,000 stocks in his test? There weren't 1,000 stocks in 1929. How does that even work? How much of the gain is lost to trading costs and taxes from the quarterly turnover?		What's more, all of these factors are currently under a lot of scrutiny as a higher bar is set for research into them and questions about previous research is raised. For instance the May 2017 NBER paper "Replicating Anomalies" which details the many problems with previous anomaly research -- including microcaps, which normal investors never trade in; having a cutoff t-value too low; not handling delisted companies properly (such as van Vliet's own) which was unable to replicate the low-volatility anomaly.		I came away with just too many open questions about low-volatility that I felt like the authors could have done a better of addressing.
1,How does Dent continue to be hopelessly wrong on almost every call yet people still buy his books?		I read a financial analysts comment recently where he showed that if you had done the opposite to what Harry Dent tells you to over the past 15 years, you would be a rich man.		Go to Dent's website to see a) The smarmiest, most self-important photo of a person you are likely to see and b) The shameless history re-writing involved in the creation of Dent's biography.  Seriously, how did the person who wrote his bio manage to do it with a straight face?		Each time his call is wrong he either pushes out the date or quietly revises his call to fit whatever is happening.		These kinds of snake oil salesman take advantage of our need to know that someone (anyone) knows what's going to happen, to give us a sense of security.		Read something by Taleb or Karl Popper and you will never read another Harry Dent book again.
1,Interesting book with a strange twist. Definitely fictional since reincarnation isn't real.
1,So we have an Italian vampire now, totally unrelated to lestat and his gang. One would expect a different story but, here we go again, the kid falls in love with  a French blonde vampire from the middle ages (I still wonder how Ursula and her crowd got stablished in Italy). The kid wants revenge but ends up in love with this vampire woman who saves his life from sacrifice... This is a short story but I had a hard time finishing it because well it was so BORING. Reminds me of Marius love story with Pandora, as well as le theatre des vampires in paris trying to get rid of Louis killing claudia and Madelaine...In other words the only original thing about this book is the Italian landscape descriptions. Oh and BTW, be ready to see some Godly angels flying around. Are we doomed to see the same story but in different locations each time Anne Rice takes a vacation trip?Are we doomed to hear about Jesus, Mary, God himself, and all the angels socializing erotically with vampires every time Anne reafirms her christian faith in real life? I hope not.
1,This author repeats herself a lot during this book.  It is hard to get through because it is not enjoyable.
1,They decided what was useful and what wasn't.  One of the most important teaching tools I use when teaching RESPONSIBLE palmistry is to know what to do or say if someone has some very disturbing marks on their hands regarding mental health and suicidal tendencies.  This is in the original book with an actual photo of the hands of a woman who had committed suicide.  This photo is nowhere to be found in the "essential work".  If you want the ESSENTIAL work get the entire book!
1,This book was not very good! It was boring and not funny! It was the worst book ever! CORRECT!!!! Worst!
1,This book gives a run down of the competencies involved in becoming a teacher in Texas; I remember reviewing them when I was trying to become a teacher. I remember wondering why is common sense being packaged as something more than it is? This book is detailed as if the world is perfect and your students are perfect; common sense tells you everything will not be perfect and that the book you're reading is setting you up for failure.
1,Some of the ideas I found offensive. Perhaps other may not. However, I do not plan to squeal about its piggish humor.
1,I was looking forward to a really good read here, but the book was dull, heavy, and depressing. There was also too much sex for me. A far superior novel on the same subject is YOUNG WILL: THE CONFESSIONS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE, by Bruce Cook, which was lively and interesting. I'd also been planning to read Cowell's MARRYING MOZART, but after reading THE PLAYERS, I decided against it.
1,Hate it this  book -- only bought it because it was posted as one of the favorites from AMazon editors....disappointed.  First book I did not even finished...that bad!
1,Nothing new in this book. It talks about topics like creating lists at a general and does not give examples of how to actually use commands. Read the free stuff on the Amazon Echo help site and save your money.
1,Expected More---liked the Dr in the other books but this one didn't show any personality and the heroine was an idiot---a very boring read and I ended up skimming some of it.
1,This man has the most massive ego, and constantly confuses himself with the musicians he writes about.		He also indulges in one of my pet hates in writing, the disingenuous fakey-fake cloying, cutesy routine that goes something like this: "And then I met a young man who liked singing and had nice hair. He was called Elvis Presley." OK so he didn't write that about Elvis but he did about just about everyone else.		I also didn't appreciate the demeaning way he talked about women (the p-word; I have yet to read a serious book by a woman where she talks in glowing terms about getting loads of "d---" and getting all the "d---" she could handle. You'd probably have to read porn to come across something like that, yet to write like this about women, reducing them to their genitals using crass language is considered perfectly acceptable and even commendable, nudge-nudge, wink wink.) No wonder he says he was glad he didn't meet Joni Mitchell. She probably would have reacted with disdain, and then he would have had to go on one of  his many rants about how he invented her look/invented her sound/launched her career, etc but got no thanks. He even compares his output (as a mere music journalist) to Bob Dylan, and at one point he writes "I don't mean to brag but I've been the subject matter of several tunes penned by the great, the good and the indifferent." That is probably the most humble line in the whole book. He may not mean to brag but he spends the whole book doing just that, ultimately coming across as an adolescent desperate to prove how cool and hardcore he was.		He also comes across as pathetically bitter towards his many enemies or those he perceives to have been wronged by. The most egregious and inappropriate target of of his many grudges was his best friend whom he turned on to smack and who allegedly got Nick fired because he (the friend) forgot to hand in one of Nick's reviews. Hello Nick, why didn't you hand it in yourself? Oh yeah, because you were on smack! The friend left his wife and child to move in with Nick and do smack and eventually died young, but that's not Nick's fault. However, it is his friend's fault for getting Nick fired...		For me though, the piece de resistance, the most baffling part of the book, occurs right at the end. He writes, "One thing I've learned from writing this book is that self-congratulation, self-justification, self-pity and plain old bitterness don't really make it as motors for good  autobiographical prose. You're always better off playing up the comedic aspects of your past". I'm sorry, what?? This book is the poster-child for self-congratulation, self-justification, self-pity and plain old bitterness. And if there are any funny parts, I missed them. His writing style is readable (just) but not funny at all. The story also isn't particularly harrowing (except for the fate of his friend), despite what the blurb on Amazon said. The only time I felt for the man was right at the start, when he was a shy 18-year-old who had never kissed a girl. After that it was all downhill.		I couldn't muster much sympathy for him during his years of decline, not because he was a junkie (I can sympathise with junkies - I had lost, hopeless junkie friends in London too, and I certainly feel for the anti-heroes of movies like Drugstore Cowboy, Jesus' Son and Trainspotting), but because he doesn't have the skill as a writer - and writing is his profession and self-declared talent - to imbue his struggles with true pathos or meaning. And also because he is so unrelentingly arrogant that it becomes tedious.		As an indication of just how much he thinks the world revolved around him and his interview subjects, he writes, "Anyone who tells you 1977 was a bright and bountiful year wasn't really living in the belly of the beast." OK, so anyone who had a good 1977 is wrong because they weren't in the London junkie/punk scene? That's stupid. I could say the same thing about 2011: anyone who says this was a bright and bountiful year wasn't living in the belly of the beast that was disaster-hit north-eastern Japan, like I was. It's a totally subjective and meaningless argument.		Even though he caroused with plenty of the pop/rock luminaries of the day, in the end the stories are not that interesting and are so forgettable that one day after reading it (I read it in 2 days, mostly because I had to take long boring bus trips) I can't remember any fully-fledged stories. There aren't any interesting enough to repeat, anyhow. It was basically just one rant after another, and not particularly amusing rants at that. I had high hopes when he promised to disclose for the first time what happened during the second half of his bender with Keith Richards, but it was a totally nothing story. They took drugs, went to a restaurant, and people looked at Keith in awe. The end.		However, I give him points at least for his taste in music (except maybe Steely Dan). Loving Nick Drake counts for something, but it's not really a good enough reason to buy the book.
1,I really wanted to like this book. It had all the ingredients for a great vampire romance...but it fell flat. The beginning was so monotone and so boring. The word "vampire" wasn't even said until halfway into the book. Literally at 50%. I found myself skipping pages to get to the good stuff. There was plenty of hot steamy love scenes...but unless this was suppose to be a book similar to that of Zane...it was unnecessary. The actual story took a backseat to all the sex and hormones and college parties.		I don't know how 's. Davies feels about suggestions but it would have been a great benefit to the book to mention vampires early on. The history of the characters was haphazardly mentioned in a conversation between Sera and Liam. Then even that part didn't come until the book was nearly over. Beth would have made a great villain if given more details on her history. She came into the story as quickly as she went. Which makes her hardly worth mentioning. I just wish the story had more depth. I gave it 2 stars only because of the steamy love scenes and Michelle.
1,The main character is gauche about her love life.  She prattles on like a tittering teenager passing notes in class.  That stream of thought is so overdone.
1,Throughout most of this book I thought I was caught up in watching a Jim Carrey comedy sequel" dumb and dumbest"  the male lead was dumb and the female lead was dumbest. I dislike a female lead to be so dense.  I am not expecting a Nancy drew crime solver but I am not expecting her to be so lost either, l was hoping for  more from her and I was so disappointed when she fell so short of the smarts  department.
1,I was disappointed.  When I see Lee Child's name I order it expecting	Jack Reacher.  The stories are okay but I hope there is another	Reacher soon.
1,This one was not her best. It had so much potential with Damon's back story but it fell pretty flat. I found the book to be pretty boring actually. Not much for character development or story. It had started off good but within a day of meeting each other, Damon and Clara were suddenly soul mates and super boring. Nothing even exciting to write about. Even the final battle was only a couple pages and not that exciting. This one was not her best.
1,Four different sub plots going that never were resolved. The main character's problems miraculously disappear even after he evades police in foreign countries, crosses borders with no passport, and pals around making drug deliveries. I should've stopped reading immediately. Truly awful.
1,I have been with Ms. Feehan since the first Carpathian book hit the shelves. The series is about a species of males, Carpathians, who are essentially immortal, and who eventually turn into soulless vampires if they do not find their mate.  Once they find her, they can once again see colors and feel emotions.	As other reviewers have stated, there are many factors in the last couple of books that weaken the plots.  For one, these Carpathians have just discovered, after centuries of wandering, that they are not the only ones of their kind in the world.  Yet they do not seem to be in much of a hurry to meet the others (including their prince and their brother), or even ask any questions about their people.  For another, a long-standing question of mine has been this: if the Carpathians now know that certain mortal women can be their lifemates, wouldn't common sense demand that they start frequenting places of high concentration of these women, like associations, research institutes, etc?  Also, readers have been told for the last six books that female Carpathians are rare, but we have been given no further reason for it, or any indication that anything is being done about it.  Where is this species' instinct of self-preservation?	The heroines in the first few books were strong, valiantly trying to cope with nightmarish events, while holding on to their personal beliefs. They were not easily intimidated or controlled by their lifemates; there was a lot of "look, bucko, just because you're incredibly powerful doesn't mean we do things your way all the time!". The latter heroines have been milksops, incessantly whining about the males' authoritarianism without ever doing anything about it. Lately, Ms. Feehan's books have all had the same plot: (Man) "You are my lifemate, do as I say!" (Woman) "No, I won't, I won't!" Picture a foot stomping here, and you'll have the whole idea. Instead of a man-woman relationship, it has become a parent-prepubescent one.	These ladies are also unbelievably ineffective at defending themselves, or having a say in the course of events. I am generally attracted to strong female characters, whose love for the hero does not obliterate their ability to think for themselves, or the pursuit of their own goals.	I keep buying the new installments, hoping against hope for a return to the heroine who can hold her own against the hero, and I get disappointed every time. Don't be like me. Read Dark Prince, Dark Desire, and Dark Magic. That's it, stop there.
1,Along with other readers, I also found this book to be unprofessional, annoying, and offensive. Rather than being an academic text on hypnosis theory and techniques, it is a word-for-word transcript of a seminar Tiers gave to some college students, complete with "woo-hoo"s, profanity, and offensive stereotypes of conservatives (and what do politics have to do with hypnosis? Such words in an actual sessions would be extremely unprofessional).		Rather than giving a serious lecture, the author chose to do everything she could to impress her college-age audiences, including the use of profanities in her lecture and disparaging comments about conservatives. In her aversion to smoking section, she tells her audience, "If an ultra-conservative, very right-wing Republican tobacco industry guy were to offer you a nice little cocktail of some arsenic, prussic acid, .....and a bunch of other crap all mixed up in a nice little batch of kool-aid and they offered you a sip....." and then a little later the author makes the observation "Most people will say just the image of that ultra-conservative right-wing Republican offering them kool-aid killed it for them."		I really regret that I bought this book on Kindle, because it took a little while for me to read it and now I can't return it.
1,This was the first Agatha Christie I ever read, and it remains my favorite.  I love the town of Lymstock, and Little Furze; Miss Emily, Partridge, and the rest of the characters.	When I purchased the Kindle version and began to read, I was disappointed at the changes.  I've read my 50 paperback so often, I can recite whole passages, and the Kindle book is different.  "I can see I've not explained about Lymstock" is missing, and with it, the charm of Jerry and his sister's introduction to the town.		***Spoilers ahead***		When Jerry throws their first Poison Pen letter on the fire, I think the narrative fails when the original, "It hurt, but not a lot," was edited.		There are other examples.  Christie's strength was in her characterizations.  With the Kindle "edits", her characters aren't nearly as vibrant nor interesting.  I'm not saying the Kindle books aren't good, but the original flavor is lost.  Newbies to Christies will read these and wonder what the fuss was about.		I've purchased about 20 of these for my Kindle.  I've reread several of the ones I've loved in my falling to shreds paperbacks, and I'm appalled at the editing and rewriting.  I'd so hoped to cull my paper library, but the originals are SO much better than the Kindleized versions, that's not going to happen.		Kindle for convenience, 5 stars.  Content, zero.		Who authorized this?
1,I didn't like the characters or the plot....I had to push myself to read it and then finally just gave up...
1,I liked the cover on this, but the content just didn't work for me. First, it was really short and basic. It could have been a week worth of blog posts, and that's about it... not really enough to be considered a book, in my opinion, even if I did pick it up for free (thankfully).		Second, although the Four Box plan is reasonable enough, the rest of the implementation was unrealistic. I've done serious "life editing" and cleaning, and unless you've got way more time on your hands than the average person, you're not going to get through everything the author proposes you should be able to do each day, even if you make that your primary goal/task.		Third, I couldn't help but feel when reading it that "the devil is in the details". This is a broad-level overview, but frankly most people get the concept of decluttering at that level. It's the details that kill them - the packrat spouse, the lack of any kind of filing system, the lack of functional storage to ultimately put all the stuff that ends up in the "to be put away" box. I just didn't feel like this would realistically help almost anyone actually tackle their clutter effectively.		Finally, there were a few things in here that seemed just bizarre. Example: telling people who are struggling with hoarding to get professional help because it's a health hazard and "mental condition". The chances that an actual hoarder would be looking at this book, let alone recognize their issue as hoarding seems exceptionally slim. And if they did, I'm pretty being told they have a "mental condition" and are creating a "health hazard" would be so insulting and threatening that they'd toss the book and forget the idea entirely.		Either way, you're better off finding and following one of the many great organizing blogs on the web... you'll get more out of it!
1,I could not believe that the writer made sure they had nice carpets in their somewhat remote homestead, but they never thought that buying a generator was a good idea....as I read with horror about their fight to keep the water system from freezing-and ruin-I was filled with wonder,and gratitude, that they were very lucky and survived with their pump system intact.	This reads like a cautionary tale of "how not to move 'out'" to me. Don't even get me started on their lack of plant skills. I read the review where she complained that there was no barn or animals in this story...thank goodness, for the animals sake!
1,There were a couple of funny parts but for the most part I did not find it funny. I was forcing myself to read for Book Club and really just wanted it to be over. I do not follow her blog though so maybe it has to do with not "getting it" I am not sure why this book has such high ratings!
1,Richard Lynns 'Race Differences in Intelligence is mainly structured around Lynns massive database of IQ studies among different groups. Although subtitled 'An Evolutionary Analysis, the focus is on documenting race differences, not explaining them. The 'evolutionary analysis' is confined the last three chapters.		Readability	Lynns writing style is very dry. The book consists largely of reports of the results of standardized testing among different groups. These read like the 'Results section of a scientific paper.		The collection of studies seems to be a recycled, or rather reorganized (and perhaps expanded), version of the studies collected in&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/IQ-and-the-Wealth-of-Nations/dp/027597510X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">IQ and the Wealth of Nations</a>&nbsp;and subsequently reused in&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/IQ-and-Global-Inequality/dp/1593680244/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">IQ and Global Inequality</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Global-Bell-Curve/dp/1593680287/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Global Bell Curve</a>. The sheer number of studies and their consistency over time and place is convincing in so far as it suggests that differences are real and there is something to be explained in the first place.		Racial Taxonomy	Lynn declares, the objective of this book is to broaden the debate from the local problem of the genetic and environmental contributions to the difference between whites and blacks in the United States to the much larger problem of the determinants of the global differences between the ten races whose IQs are summarised (p182).		Thus, Lynn describes the book as "the first fully comprehensive review of the evidence on race differences in intelligence worldwide" (p2) and discusses the intelligence of many groups rarely covered in previous treatments of the topic.		Relying on both morphological criteria and genetic data gathered by Cavalli-Sforz et al (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-History-and-Geography-of-Human-Genes/dp/0691029059/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The History and Geography of Human Genes</a>), he identifies ten racial groups, each receiving their own chapter, namely:	1) Europeans;	2) Africans;	3) Bushmen and Pygmies;	4) South Asians and North Africans;	5) Southeast Asians;	6) Australian aborigines;	7) Pacific Islanders;	8) East Asians;	9) Artic Peoples; and	10) Native Americans.		For each group, Lynn reviews published studies regarding:	1) Measured IQs;	2) Reaction times;	3) Brain size.		Comparing IQs	IQs are said to be corrected for the Flynn Effect, namely the rise in measured IQ over the last century (p5-6).		However, the Flynn Effect has occurred at different rates in different countries, and the various environmental factors implicated in explaining the phenomenon (e.g. nutrition, schooling, test familiarity, visual media, disease) have varied in different countries. Correcting for the Flynn Effect is therefore easier said than done.		Lynn also purports to estimate a population's genotypic IQ. This is a measure of genetic potential, distinguished from their actual realized phenotypic IQ. Lynn defines the genotypic IQ of Africans as the IQ that Africans would have if they were raised in the same environment as Europeans (p69).		The fact that lower-IQ groups generally provide their offspring with inferior environmental conditions is irrelevant. The genotypic IQ of a population is the average score of a population if they were raised in environments identical to those of the group with whom they are being compared. Why Lynn chooses Europeans as his comparison group is unclear.		Lynn also discusses the average IQs of racially-mixed populations, which are consistently intermediate between those of the two groups of which the individuals in question represent a mix.		Reaction Times	Lynn also discusses reaction time data. This refers to the time taken to perform 'elementary cognitive tasks  i.e. where everyone agrees the right answer, but where the speed with which different people get there correlates with IQ. Arthur Jensen has championed reaction times as a direct measure of one cognitive process underlying IQ, namely speed of mental processing.		Individuals with quicker reaction times would presumably have an advantage in sports, since reacting to, say, the speed and trajectory of a ball in order to strike or catch is analogous to an elementary cognitive task. Yet blacks, despite low IQs, are overrepresented among elite athletes.		However, Lynn distinguishes reaction time proper  i.e. when one begins to move one's hand towards the correct button to press  from movement time  how long one's hand takes to get there. Whereas whites generally react faster, blacks move faster (p58-9). This, Lynn suggests, may be a factor in the fast sprinting of Africans (p58).		However, according to Nisbett, "movement times are just as highly correlated with IQ as reaction times" (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Intelligence-and-How-to-Get-It/dp/0393337693/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Intelligence and How to Get It</a>: p222).		Brain Size	Lynn also reviews data on the brain-size of different groups. The correlation between brain-size and IQ among individuals is well-established (Rushton and Ankney 2009).		As between species, brain-size is also thought to correlate with intelligence, at least after controlling for body-size (see Jerison's 'encephalization quotient').		However, comparing the intelligence of different species poses difficulties. If you think a 'culture fair IQ test is impossible, try designing a 'species fair test!		Moreover, dwarves have smaller absolute brain-sizes but larger brains relative to body-size, but usually have normal IQs. Sex differences in IQ, meanwhile, are smaller than those between races even though differences in brain-size are greater, at least before one controls for body-size.		Also, Neanderthals had larger brains than modern humans, despite a shorter, albeit more robust, stature.		Some authorities claim that race differences in head shape represent an adaptation to regulate heat loss. Mielke et al contend, larger and relatively broader skulls lose less heat and are adaptive in cold climates; small and relatively narrower skulls lose more heat and are adaptive in hot climates (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Human-Biological-Variation/dp/0195387406/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Human Biological Variation</a>: p285).		However, it seems implausible that an increase in metabolically expensive brain tissue would have evolved solely for regulating temperature, when the same result could have been achieved by modifying only the external shape of the skull.		But, conversely, could higher intelligence have evolved as a by-product of selection for larger heads to regulate temperature in colder climates?		Europeans	Lynn first discusses Europeans (i.e. white Caucasians), reviewing data on IQ both in Europe and among diaspora populations. The results are consistent, giving an average IQ of about 100 (unsurprisingly since IQ tests were normed by reference to European populations).		Southeast Europeans score slightly lower. Lynn claims this is because Balkan peoples are a hybrid population or cline, comprising a genetic mix between the Europeans and South Asians in Turkey (p18). Similarly, Turkish people score slightly higher than other Middle-Easterners (p80).		An alternative explanation is that these countries have lower living-standards. However, Lynn regards economic prosperity as partly a consequence of intelligence differences (see&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/IQ-and-the-Wealth-of-Nations/dp/027597510X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">IQ and the Wealth of Nations</a>). Moreover, he observes that Eastern Europeans score only slightly below those elsewhere in Europe despite substantially lower living-standards (p20).		Portuguese	The Portuguese also, Lynn claims, score lower than other Europeans. Lynn cites just two studies, giving average IQs of 101 and 88  two rather divergent results the former of which is actually around the European average.		He controversially proposes, intelligence has been depressed by the admixture of sub-Saharan Africans, since Portugal was the only European country to import black slaves from the fifteenth century onwards (p19).		This echoes De Gobineaus theory that empires decline because, through their empires, they import large numbers of conquered peoples, who interbreed with the conquerors, diluting the very qualities that, according to De Gobineau, permitted their imperial glories in the first place.		However, population genetic studies provide no evidence of a substantial sub-Saharan African input to the Portuguese gene-pool.		'Selective Migration and Irish IQs	Another anomaly is Ireland. Lynn cites four studies of Irish IQ which give scores of 87, 97, 93 and 91. Again, these are rather divergent but consistently below the European average.		In England, the supposed stupidity of the Irish was once a staple of popular humour, 'Irish jokes' being the English equivalent of 'Polish jokes' in America.		[Incidentally, Lynn cites two studies of Polish IQ, whose results are even more divergent, giving average IQs of 106 and 91.]		However, it seems unlikely that such closely related populations as the English, Irish and Scots would differ in innate capacity.		Neither can economic deprivation explain the disparity. Ireland now enjoys a higher living-standard than Britain, while the studies Lynn cites were published from 1973 to 1993, yet show no obvious increase over time.		Lynn attributes the depressed Irish IQ to 'selective migration, claiming there has been some tendency for the more intelligent to migrate, leaving less intelligent behind (p19). However, he provides no evidence for this claim.		Lynn also invokes selective migration to explain the divergences in East Asian IQs. Here, however, it was supposedly the less intelligent who migrated (p136; p138; p169).		It seems plausible that migrants differ in personality from those choosing to remain, perhaps being braver, and higher in those personality factors referred to by psychologists as 'extraversion and 'openness to experience'. However, I see no reason they would differ in intelligence.		Of course, wealth is correlated with IQ and may affect the decision to migrate. The rich usually have little economic incentive to leave, while the poor may be unable to afford the costs of migration.		However, without historical data showing certain groups were more likely to migrate, Lynns claims regarding 'selective migration represent little more than a post-hoc rationalization for IQ differences that are otherwise anomalous and not easily explicable in terms of heredity.		Africans	The next chapter is titled Africans. However, Lynn uses this term to refer specifically to those formerly termed 'negroes, and excludes, not only the 'Caucasoid populations of North Africa, but also Pygmies and Khoisan.		Lynns previous estimate of the average sub-Saharan African IQ as 70 provoked widespread incredulity. Undeterred, Lynn now estimates the average African IQ as just 67.		Blacks resident in western economies score higher, around 85, the only exception being the Beta Israel of Israel who score no higher than indigenous Africans.		Lynn attributes the higher scores of blacks in the West to both superior economic conditions and racial admixture, since African-Americans are known to have substantial Caucasian DNA.		However, this fails to explain why recent African immigrants to the US, themselves mostly unmixed, consistently outperform African-Americans both academically and economically.		Musical Abilities	Lynn also reviews evidence regarding one class of specific mental ability not covered in previous works  musical ability. The accomplishments of African-Americans in twentieth century jazz and popular music are much celebrated. To Lynn, this represents a paradox, since musical abilities are known to correlate with intelligence.		Lynn discusses the results of psychometric tests of musical ability, such as recognising a change in pitch, remembering a tune, identifying the constituent notes in a chord and recognising whether different songs have similar rhythm (p55).		He reports that African-Americans score lower in most elements of musical intelligence than whites, and their musical ability is commensurate with their general intelligence. The sole exception is for rhythmical ability.		This is congruent with the familiar observation that black musical styles place great emphasis on rhythm. However, even with respect to rhythmical ability, blacks score no higher than whites. Instead, blacks scores on measures of rhythmical ability are exceptional only in that this is the only form of musical ability on which blacks score as high, but no higher, than whites (p56).		[Curiously, Lynn reports a similar pattern for Native Americans, who are not noted for their musical accomplishments, yet score higher than both whites and blacks in rhythmical ability: p160.]		For Lynn, the low scores of African-Americans are, on reflection, no surprise, but consistent with their generally poor achievements in classical music since there are no African composers, conductors, or instrumentalists of the first rank (p57).		However, who qualifies as a composer, conductor or instrumentalist "of the first rank is a subjective assessment. Whether Scott Joplin is a better composer than Beethoven is ultimately a matter of opinion.		Moreover, why is classical music the sole measure of accomplishment? Even if we concede that the ability required to compose/perform classical music is greater than that required for popular music, musical intelligence surely facilitates the composition and performance of the latter too. And, given the financial rewards offered by popular music often dwarf those enjoyed by players/composers of classical music, the more musically-gifted race would have every incentive to dominate this field too.		Perhaps, then, psychometric tests fail to capture some key element of musical ability. No lesser champion of standardized testing than Arthur Jensen acknowledges that intelligence tests are incapable of measuring creativity (Langan & LoSasso 2002: p24-5).		One feature common to African-American musical styles, from rap 'freestyling to jazz, is improvisation. Dinesh DSouza speculates, blacks have certain inherited abilities, such as improvisational decision making, that could explain why they predominate in jazz, rap and basketball (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-End-of-Racism/dp/0684825244/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The End of Racism</a>: p440-1). Similarly, Steve Sailer posits an African advantage in creative improvisation and on-the-fly interpersonal decision-making, which contribute[s] to black dominance in jazz, running with the football, rap, dance, trash talking, preaching, and oratory (Sailer 1996).		San Bushmen	Lynn no longer ranks black Africans as the worst performing ethnic group. Instead, this honour is awarded their sub-Saharan African neighbours, the San Bushmen of the Kalahari Desert.		Anthropologist Henry Harpending has been quoted as observing, all of us have the impression that Bushmen are really quick and clever and are quite different from their [black Bantu] neighbours and predicting, there will soon be real data available about the relative performance of Bushmen, Hottentot, and Bantu kids  or more likely, they will suppress it (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Race-The-Reality-of-Human-Differences/dp/0813343224/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Race: The Reality of Human Differences</a>: p227).		Lynn has collected such data. It consists of just three studies, none of which resembles a full IQ test (p74-5). However, from this meagre dataset, Lynn does not hesitate to attribute to Bushmen an average IQ of just 52.		If the average IQ attributed by Lynn to black Africans provoked widespread incredulity, his figure for Bushmen is unlikely to fare better. Lynn anticipates this reaction, responding:	An IQ of 54 represents the mental age of the average European 8-year-old, and the average European 8-year-old can read, write, and do arithmetic and would have no difficulty in learning and performing the activities of gathering foods and hunting carried out by the San Bushmen [because] an average 8-year-old can easily be taught to pick berries put them in a container and carry them home, collect ostrich eggs and use the shells for storing water and learn how to use a bow and arrow (p76).		Lynn has a point. As he also observes, many non-human species survive in difficult environments with even lower levels of intelligence (p77).		However, I suspect Lynn would not last long in the Kalahari Desert.		Pygmies	The data on Pygmy IQ is even scarcer. Lynn cites just one study. This again fell short of a full IQ test. Moreover, the author of the study did not quantify his results and reported only that Pygmies scored much lower than other groups he had assessed with the same test  groups which conspicuously did not include other Africans (p78).		Lynn also infers a low Pygmy IQ from their hunter-gatherer lifestyle. However, I suspect environmental conditions are more important than IQ in determining whether a group transitions to agriculture.		Lynn also points to the enslavement of Pygmies by Bantus. However, while it may be a general principle that more intelligent races typically defeat and enslave the less intelligent (p78), this is hardly a hard and fast rule. After all, Arabs enslaved some Europeans, despite now scoring lower in IQ.		Curiously, Lynn reports no data on brain-size for Pygmies. Obviously, they have small brains  but what about relative to body-size?		Aborigines	Another group rarely discussed in previous works on race differences in intelligence are Australian Aborigines. Here, however, data from Australian schools are quite abundant, from which Lynn estimates the average Aborigine IQ at 62 (p104).		Lynn also reports the results of Piagetian measures of development. He reports that, on tests of 'conservation, a substantial minority of Aboriginal adults never reach the 'concrete operational stage of development  i.e. recognise a substance, transferred to a different container, remains of the same quantity (p105-7).		Equally remarkable are reports of Aboriginal 'spatial memory. When tested on remembering the location of objects, two studies found Aborigines score either as high as, or vastly higher than, Europeans. (Two studies report lower scores. However, one was unpublished and the other did not present its data such that the magnitude of the gap could be quantified.)		Lynn proposes Aborigines spatial memory represents an adaptation to facilitate navigation in a desert environment with few landmarks. This ability is reflected in neuroanatomy. Despite smaller overall brain-size, Aborigines right visual cortex, implicated in spatial abilities, is larger than that of Europeans (p108-9).		Jared Diamond claimed "in mental ability New Guineans are probably genetically superior to Westerners, and they are surely superior in escaping the devastating developmental disadvantages under which most children in industrialized societies grow up" (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Guns-Germs-and-Steel/dp/0393317552/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Guns, Germs, and Steel</a>: p21). However, Lynn estimates the New Guinean IQ as equal to that of Aborigines.		However, "Pacific Islanders", the subject of the next chapter, score rather higher, especially the Maoris with an average IQ of 90.		South Asians and North Africans	Another group rarely treated separately in previous discussions of the topic of race differences in intelligence are those Lynn identifies as North Africans and South Asians. This covers populations from the Middle East, North Africa and the Indian subcontinent.		Physical anthropologists often lumped these groups with Europeans as 'Caucasians'. However, Lynn cites Cavalli-Sforza et al as showing, South Asians and North Africans form a distinctive genetic 'cluster (p79).		The average IQ of these people within their native homelands is, according to Lynn, just 84 (p80). However, Indians, Pakistanis and Bangladeshis resident in the UK score higher, at 89, and one study found a massive gain for Indian children resident in the UK for more than four years (p84).		These low figures are surprising. The earliest civilizations  Mesopotamia, Egypt and the Indus Valley  all surely emerged among these peoples (a fact Lynn attributes to factors he elsewhere largely discounts, namely geographic conditions: p232).		Moreover, in the UK and US, Indians are regarded as a 'model majority, overrepresented in the professions.		Jews	Another overachieving group who trace (part of) their ancestry to the Middle-East are Jews. Lynn claims British and US Jews average around 108 in IQ (p68). His data for Israel are not broken down by ethnicity, but Lynn infers scores of 103 for Ashkenazi Jews, 91 for Mizrahim and 86 for Palestinian-Arabs (p94).		His explanations for Ashkenazi intelligence are unpersuasive.		First, he observes that Jews interbred with their host populations. Therefore, Ashkenazim Jews in Europe will have absorbed a significant proportion of the genes for higher intelligence possessed by Europeans (p95).		However, while this could explain how Ashkenazi Jews came to score higher than other Middle-Eastern populations, it cannot explain how they came to outscore Europeans themselves.		Secondly, Lynn argues persecution probably operated to increase the intelligence of Ashkenazim Jews in Europe and the United States, since only the smarter Jews were smart enough to escape or survive periodic pogroms (p95).		However, there is little evidence persecution increases IQ. Other persecuted groups (e.g. African-Americans, Gypsies) have low IQs.		Asians	Excepting Jews, East Asians are the highest scoring group, with an average IQ of 105 (p121-48).		However, this applies only to Chinese, Japanese, Koreans and their descendants. South-East Asians (Thais, Vietnamese, Filipinos etc.), though closely related to southern Chinese, score substantially lower with IQs averaging around 90.		Heredity or Environment?	Chapter fourteen discusses the proximate causes of race differences in intelligence. Lynn downplays the effect of schooling, identifying malnutrition as the major environmental determinant of IQ.		However, he rejects malnutrition as an explanation for the low scores of African-Americans, noting there is no evidence of short stature in African-Americans and nor have surveys have found greater prevalence of malnutrition (p185).		As to global differences, he concludes that the effect of malnourishment on Africans in sub-Saharan Africa and the Caribbean probably explains about half of the low IQs, leaving the remaining half to genetic factors (p185). However, it is unclear what is meant by half of the low scores since he identifies no comparison group.		He claims:	Prenatal and early postnatal malnutrition has the most serious adverse effect on intelligence because some 70 percent of brain growth takes place in utero, and the remaining 30 percent including dendritic growth and synaptic branching is completed by the ages of 18-24 months (p187).		However, this suggests that a two-year-old babys brain is as big as that of an adult  surely an error.		Lynns summary of the evidence is biased.		He cites his own study (Lynn 2002) in support of the proposition that there is a statistically significant association between light skin and intelligence among African-Americans, claiming dark-skinned blacks have an IQ of 85 and light-skinned blacks have an IQ of 92, without explaining how he divided African-Americans into two discrete categories by reference to a trait that varies on a continuum (p190).		However, Lynn neglects to mention two other studies that investigated the relationship between test-scores and admixture using blood-groups. This is a more objective measure of ancestry than skin tone, since the latter is affected by environmental variables (e.g. sun exposure), and blood-group, unlike complexion, is unlikely to affect how others treat you in a way that could conceivably affect test scores. Yet both studies found no association between European ancestry and test scores in African-Americans (Loehlin et al 1973; Scarr et al 1977).		Lynn mentions the Eyferth study (1961), which the measured the IQs of German children fathered by black and white American servicemen after WW2, only to report, the IQ of African-Europeans was 94 in relation to 100 for European women (p63). Yet he neglects to mention that the IQ of children fathered by African-Americans was almost identical to that of those fathered by white servicemen.		An Evolutionary Analysis	Finally, in the last three chapters, comes the Evolutionary Analysis promised in the book's subtitle. The first deals with the evolution of intelligence among pre-humans. The next identifies the selective factors that Lynn believes were responsible for the evolution of differences in intelligence. Finally, in his last chapter, Lynn traces the evolution of intelligence in different human lineages over evolutionary history.		Lynns analysis is evolutionary in two senses. He presents both a functionalist explanation of why intelligence differences evolved (Chapter 16), and also traces evolution of intelligence over evolutionary history (Chapters 15 &17), addressing both 'adaptation' and 'phylogeny' two of Tinbergens 'Four Questions.		He implicates climate as the ultimate factor responsible for group differences in IQ, contending that colder climates placed a greater premium on intelligence.		As evidence of the cognitive demands that colder conditions impose, Lynn cites a study that found an association between latitude and both the number and complexity of tools used by foragers (Torrence 1983).		Lynn also emphasizes dietary differences between populations inhabiting different geographical zones  peoples in tropical and subtropical latitudes are largely gatherers, while peoples in temperate environments rely more on hunting, and peoples in arctic and sub-arctic environments rely almost exclusively on hunting and fishing because plant foods are unavailable except for berries and nuts in the summer and autumn (p227).		I was previously unaware of this dietary difference. In my defence, anthropologists seem to downplay this difference and overgeneralize from the lifestyles of a few of the most intensively studied tropical populations to imply that what is true of these groups was true of all foragers before the transition to agriculture.		Thus, Marshall Sahlins famously characterised hunter-gatherers as The Original Affluent Society on the basis of studies of groups like the San. Similarly, feminist anthropologists never tire of telling us how, among groups like the San, female gatherers provide most of the caloric requirements of populations. However, they neglect to mention that the opposite is true for, say, the Inuit.		However, I remain unconvinced that the environments inhabited by the two lowest scoring ethnic groups, Bushmen and Aborigines, namely the Kalahari desert and Australian outback respectively, are cognitively undemanding.		Also, Lynn fails to explain why cold-adapted Neanderthals left limited evidence of sophisticated material culture and, at least according to the 'Out of Africa' model of human origins, were ultimately displaced by anatomically-modern Homo sapiens from tropical Africa.		"Arctic Peoples"	There is a moreover critical test-case for Lynns theory that cold weather selects for high intelligence  namely, the intelligence those groups whom Lynn labels 'Artic Peoples' (e.g. Eskimos).		The latter evolved in the coldest environment of any population. They also have the largest brains.		However, their IQs, according to Lynn himself, average only 91  high for a foraging group but well below Europeans and East Asians.		To explain this, Lynn proposes that arctic populations were prevented from evolving higher levels of intelligence by small and dispersed populations, which themselves reflected of the harshness of their environment. This meant that the necessary mutations conveying higher IQs either never arose or never spread through the population (p153; p239-40; p221).		Meanwhile, Lynn explains their large brains as reflecting visual memory rather than general intelligence, as well as a lack of mutations enhancing neural efficiency (p153; p240).		These explanations seem like post-hoc rationalisations.		If conditions were harsher in Eurasia than in Africa, then this also would presumably have resulted in smaller and more dispersed populations here than in Africa. Yet this did not prevent mutations for higher intelligence spreading among Europeans and Asians. Why then, when the environment becomes harsher still, would this pattern reverse?		Likewise, if whole-brain-size is correlated with general intelligence, it is inconsistent to invoke specific abilities to explain Inuit cranial capacity. After all, Australian Aborigines also have high visual memory, but, according to Lynn, only their right visual cortex is enlarged.		Despite his evasive post-hoc rationalisations, the implications of Lynn's theory is clear: Possessing both the biggest brains and having evolved in the coldest, and arguably the harshest, physical environment, Eskimos should be the most intelligent race on earth. However, the results of psychometric testing, in which Lynn places such faith, suggest otherwise.		References	Eyferth (1959). Eine Untersuchung der Neger-Mischlingskinder in Westdeutschland. Vita Humana, 2, 102114.	Langan & LoSasso (2002) 'Discussions on Genius and Intelligence: Mega Foundation Interview with Arthur Jensen' (Eastport, New York: MegaPress)	Loehlin et al (1973) 'Blood group genes and negro-white ability differences' Behavior Genetics 3(3): 263-270	Lynn (2002) 'Skin Color and Intelligence in African-Americans' Population & Environment 23:201-207	Rushton & Ankney (2009) Whole Brain Size and General Mental Ability: A Review. International Journal of Neuroscience, 119(5):692-732.	Sailer (1996) 'Great Black Hopes', National Review, August 12	Scarr et al (1977) 'Absence of a relationship between degree of white ancestry and intellectual skills within a black population' Human Genetics 39(1):69-86	Torrence (1983). Time budgeting and hunter-gatherer technology. In Bailey(Ed.). Hunter-Gatherer Economy in Pre-History (Cambridge University Press)
1,Not one of his best stories. I was a little happy when it finally ended.
1,The writing here is fine, but the story is poorly conceived and told.  The three lead women are all one-dimensional and tell their parts of the story in the same voice.  Aside from the chapter titles which tell you who is telling each section the story, the reader isn't able to differentiate the characters by the way they speak or act.  The story is repetitive and introduces a number of red herrings to try and heighten the suspense.  The author chooses to introduce plot points 3/4 of the way through the book in order to move the story along.  There is nothing that leads up to these revelations.  They could have easily been discovered 1/4 of the way through the book, which makes everything in between seem like inconsequential fluff.  There are other things that really annoyed me with the storytelling, specific to the person who committed the crime, but I won't reveal any spoilers here.		I give it 2 stars overall, but I can understand why some people enjoy it.  I just had too many pet peeves with the storytelling to rate it any higher.
1,This book was such disappointment. I thought I might be settling in with a really good SciFi series. This was reminiscent of James Cameron's Avatar, with LOTS of gratuitous sex. The author made the excuse that this way the best way for them to bond. These people were 70+ yrs of age. How about bonding through talking?
1,I could not get into this book. The h was beyond redemption. She is supposed to be graduating from a spec ops program, but has such PTSD that she can barely look at another human being and definitely not male. What branch of the military intelligence machine would ever let someone like that join let alone be an operative BEFORE they graduate. Oh yeah, and send her away with 2 men to catch a family member after her horrific experience. Could not suspend my disbelief enough. Read about half way, skipped to the end for closure (i can't not finish a book or at least know the ending) but could have done without it. Don't think i will be following the series.
1,My 10-year-old daughter thought this book looked and sounded great, so we bought it.  Ugh.  No good at all--the book just spun its wheels and went nowhere, even though bizarre stuff was happening all around these characters.  (Both main characters seemed a bit slow on the uptake if you ask me).		We finally quit without finishing it about 1/2 way through (something we virtually NEVER do) and went on to read something else.  Didn't find it worth our time to continue waiting for the story line to pick up.  Sorry, but if you haven't hooked me by the half-way point, you haven't done your job as an author.		I'm in charge of an elementary school library, so I've read a LOT of juvenile/young adult books, both good and bad, so that I can try to match kids up with books that would interest them.  I would definitely rank this with the "bad" and not recommend it to anyone.
1,These recipes are boring hardly professional. The author had a cooking school in her home...c'mon??? That is exactly what the recipes look like.  There are no secrets in cooking, just good techniques and procedures. There are too many organizations out there like the International Association of Cooking Professionals that give awards to their members for marketing purposes...friends supporting friends.  Terrible book...and that is no secret.
1,Not enough story and too much shouting.
1,Not a review of the book because I haven't been able to read it yet. I couldn't get past all the formatting errors and misspellings in the first few pages. Won't bother continuing, I'll try another version.
1,While Karr can turn excellent phrases, she seems here to have seen the need to stretch out the incidents of her childhood unnecessarily, and choke them up with too many words (when simplicity would have had far greater impact).  Karr comes across as the type of writer who refused to let her writing be edited; this book could have been a great achievement if a good editor had gone through it and weeded out the fluff.  As it is the narrative is frequently like struggling to mow a lawn that hasn't been tended to in years--very tough going.
1,I love Ken Follett but he needs to get a new publisher if this is the kind of pricing they're going to be demanding for this book. I was So Excited to see that his new book was coming out in a Kindle version until I saw that it was priced higher than the print version. What kind of messed up math is that? I will neither buy the print version nor the Kindle version until the price comes down. There is no reason that any consumer will accept for this kind of price gouging. Who does this publisher think Ken Follett is? He's a niche writer, and does not appeal to a wide readership. There are not a lot of people who are willing to committ to a 1000+ page book. This is a dangerous game for both Amazon and book publishers.
1,I couldn't even finish this book. It was absolutely terrible in my opinion
1,In the ultimate spiderman graphic novels venom stars in a three volume series (volume 7, 11, and 21). There are a lot of negative things about this book. First of all the art.  A lot of the characters in this book look realy distorted and Peter Parker looks nothing like how he should look like. Second is the story line. In this versian of Venom's origin Eddie Brock was a long lost friend of Peter parker. The black suit was actually something their Fathers created as a cure for cancer. I like Venom's origin a lot better in the Spiderman 3 movie. There is also a lot of stupid little details in this book that only I would pick up, in the begining Aunt May was talking about Jimi Hendrix and later she was wearing a Led Zepplin shirt. She is way to old to be from the 60's rock generation. Thats just silly! If you are a die hard Venom fan purchase this book but if your not don't waste your money.
1,Although I enjoyed parts of this book, it was a chore to get through it.  It dragged in many places.  I also thought the setting and the writing was stark and depressing.  The only reason I kept reading was because I liked the character of Jeanine Stoddard and I wanted to see what happened to her.  I also thought the ending was too tidy.
1,Not the Abbi Glines we are used to. Blair and Rush are a tough act to follow. I never had those heart pounding moments with this book.
1,This "book" is exactly what the cover says, a very short collection of sex jokes, most of which have been around for a long time. I heard versions of a number of these when I was in school about forty years ago, and I'm guessing they were being told in burlesque houses some forty years before that. The book certainly isn't a challenging read; if you read it straight through, it will take a half hour or less to finish.		Depending on your experience and taste for this type of humor, you may find some of them mildly amusing (I thought about a dozen were at least slightly amusing and one or two were actually funny). For the most part, however, if you've ever heard a sex joke, you'll find most of the jokes very repetitive and groan inducing more than anything else. I got the book for free, and I'm guessing it's usually offered for free. If so, you might find it something worth spending a few minutes with. It is not, however, a book you would want to pay actual money for.
1,What I like most about this book is that it gives me hope that I have a future in writing books about growing plants indoors. As someone who writes documentation for people who do not want to read documentation, I have to say this book is poorly presented. It reminds me of what a cashier once told me regarding the bird seed I was buying: "It contains a lot of seed that the birds don't eat but the manufacturers include as a filler." This book is full of unnecessary filler--like constantly repeating measurements in different units or as fractions. Pick English or Metric, put the other in parenthesis if you must, but don't write both out or switch randomly between one and the other to show you can go either way. You do not need to repeatedly tell me that ppm is 1/1,000,000 and if you do, give me some context for understanding how this is significant to me. The author frequently repeats the detailed instructions for using a device or nutrient supplement even though it provides no insight into the topic and the reader is going to read from the product packaging, anyway. Put this stuff in a sidebar if you must. There are also many paragraphs where the author introduces a topic for no apparent reason and then three pages later leaves you saying "Oh, that's what he was talking about three pages back." This book provides plenty of details but very little foundation for understanding those details or bringing them together. If the author got rid of all the filler some of his genius might show through. Also, while I have not finished the book yet, it seems to be mostly about indoor gardening with little information about hydroponics. I guess I'll have to wait for "Indoor Hydroponic Gardening for Dummies."
1,this has a lot of good technical information about diet and the composition of nutrients. where it falls short is the lack of up-to-date knowledge. this book essentially supports the old food pyramid recommendations and basically tweaks it a little for an athlete. there really wasn't any good recommendations (or refutes) regarding the more novel outlooks on sports nutritions. that being said, the recommendations on vitamin/mineral supplementation and water consumption were good reads and filled with good info. if you decide to buy this book, take it with a grain of salt. the recommendations need updating.
1,The maps within links and layers are rather unaccessible on the go. Would prefer to skim through a book to come upon something interesting to see.
1,Love the story from years ago and was delighted to find it listed but it was faulted and I never saw the end.
1,I recently read and enjoyed another dystopian novel. It was a story of intelligent human survival in a world without the internet, electricity, etc.  CyberStorm on the other hand shows us at our worst: stupid, mean, greedy and disgusting.  After enduring seemingly endless pages of the same, the author expects us to go "Oh great a happy ending!" with an unbelievable explanation of how everything happened to fix this horrible situation.  I would like to give examples, but the plot is so thin outside the descriptions of stupidity, cruelty, greed and gore, any examples would be spoilers, if you still want to read this book. (Review written by Bun's husband)
1,I bought this book with great anticipation; however, after making several recipes, I am very dissapointed.  Many dishes I've tried have absolutely NO FLAVOR at all.  If you like dinners from the 1950's, you may like this; but for experienced cooks with sophisticated palates, this is not worth buying.  The fact that there are 170 of these used books for sale should tell you something.
1,Good content, poor execution on the plot and storyline / timeline of events. James you should fire your editor, this could have been so much better if the organization of the story was better.
1,Meh.  I read the good reviews, the book was inexpensive, so I downloaded it.  Seemed interesting at first, but it settled into a lot of mundane, repetitive, almost romance-novel type prose.  Things like "I looked at him from under my lashes," or "my hips swayed to the beat of the music" seemed to repeat many times.  The main character does a lot of teeth-gnashing and crying ("tears beaded my lashes...")  And the underlying hidden/mysterious tale ends up being anticlimactic.
1,I was in shock as I was reading the rave reviews for this novel.  I can't believe anyone enjoyed this book even half as much as Coupland's other novels.  I've read all his books, fiction and non-fiction, and this is by far the least Coupland-esque book I've ever read.  It was mundane and typical.  I'll admit, I couldn't even bring myself to finish it.  And, that's saying something.  I have to finish books.  It's the OCD in me.  I hate an unfinished book.  But, this was just painful.  I couldn't do it.  Even the writing was different.  I can appreciate the novel, even the worst books I can appreciate, but it is definitely the worst of Coupland's amazing collection.
1,Ms. Ravitch spent two decades as an independent critic of the Left's stranglehold on education pedagogy. Finally, she tired of the constant debates and criticism emanating from the Left, so she cynically has chosen to debunk her honest views and come in from the cold.	  I doubt if it will work, since most people never fully trust turncoats and of course, she's burned bridges with her former conservative allies. Nothing she says now has any gravitas, it's all pandering.
1,Very disappointed didn't finish the story line left hanging
1,I did not like this book
1,This book is not for serious thinkers. It's clear the writer had little if any access to senior strategists involved in the planning and ongoing revision of the Iraqi strategy. The book makes no reference to the vastly different issues facing each region of the country: the Kurdish north, the Shiite south, the Sunni west and multiple cultural Baghdad. It never differentiated between the jihad against the US and the civil war between the Shiite and Sunni populations in Baghdad. It makes no reference to the strategies of Syria, Iran, Turkey and al-Qaeda. Nor does it analyze the differing strategies of tribal leaders, religious leaders and political leaders. It focuses exclusively on military tactics and makes no reference to political issues and related compromises whatsoever.		The book's best argument is that shortly after the fall of Baghdad, Garner was unexpectedly fired and replaced by Bremer, which led to a dramatic turnover in the leadership managing the war. Over the fierce objection of the military and the CIA, Bremer dissolved the Iraqi government, the military and closed state run industries leaving the country impossible to run. You hardly need to read this book for those two sentences. The strategic issues facing Iraq are so much more complex than that, that the arguments in this book never scratch the surface.		Instead, this book is little more than a collection of tactical anecdotes. In most cases, the book makes assertions and (rightly) assumes the reader will draw their own conclusions. For example, a large part of the book argues that rough treatment of Iraqi citizens created insurgents. But any serious strategist knows there is no such thing as a costless solution; analysis requires that one costly alterative be compared to another. The biggest problem facing Iraq today is mounting civil war in Baghdad. It's hard to see how rough treatment of citizens contributed to that.		Let me try to offer some other examples. The Shiite dominated south accounts for two thirds of Iraq's oil-derived cash flow. Tribal leaders control the region. The greatest threats to their authority are religious extremism, Iranian funding of rival factions and destabilizing Sunni/al-Qaeda violence originating from the Sunni dominated Anbar Province. Reliable US protection has been their greatest ally (despite continual calls for withdraw). From an alliance with al-Sastani, the tribal leaders have prevailed over religious extremism. They've contained Iranian support of their rivals. Sunni led attacks have steadily diminished. How does Fiasco help us to better understand the ongoing dynamic of this most critical region? The book hardly even mentions the south and not in a way that would allow the reader to learn anything about it.		The situation is entirely different in Baghdad, which luckily has no oil-derived cash flow. Urbanization undermines tribalism. Shiite and Sunni factions are equally matched. The al-Sadr-led Shiite maintain a potent militia funded by Iran, not unlike Hezbolla. Attacked repeatedly by the US in support of the authority of the democratically elected government (Joe Klein urged continued attacks in his recent "Time Magazine" column), it would be illogical for them to depend on the US for protection. Nor do they have reason to believe the Shiite leaders in the south can provide them with adequate protection. Faced with Iranian-funded Shiite attacks, the Sunnis have turned to their Sunni/Baathist brothers in Syria for support, who are in turn funded by Russia. In support of the democratically elected government, the US has also attacked the Sunni/al-Qaeda alliance. Based on what you learned in Fiasco, how would you suggest the US best proceed in Baghdad? Again, the book is so focused on US/Sunni skirmishes in the Sunni-dominated Anbar province these issues are never even raised much less addressed.		It's not that Iraq isn't a fiasco (that's obvious), it's that this book barely contributes to our deeper understanding of it. Generally, a clear understanding of a problem points toward possible solutions. The reason this book doesn't do that is because it barely addresses the plethora of critical issues facing Iraq. Any strategy that might successfully address those issues is way beyond this book.
1,It was okay, but not my cup of tea. I am hungry for stories of the Way , and this was a story.
1,As good a historian as Yergin is, and he is very good, his blinders when it comes to the mistreatment of Mohamed Mossadegh by the decrepit remnants of the British Empire are an embarrassment. They ruined this book for me.		For a realistic counter-point check out  Stephen Kinzer's All The Shah's Men. That book offers an unvarnished look at the abject stupidity and isolation of the BP executives. They treated their Iranian workers as the minions they had become used to ordering around that empire before being thrown out or discreetly exiting out the back door. They richly deserved the nationalization that they got shoved down their throats, Yergin's disdain for Mossadegh not-withstanding. To his credit, Truman refused to go along with calls from the British to help them out of their "pickle". Not so Eisenhower, who's decision to rely on the advice of the Dulles brothers haunts us to this day in the Middle East. Kinzer argues, successfully to my mind, that the history of that part of the world would look radically different without the counter-revolution orchestrated by the CIA. Yergin barely touches on the roots of this devastating intrusion. Iran was on the road to a rich political culture. That was destroyed by that intervention.		This book is very good when it sticks to facts. It really gets into deep water and fails when Yergin's outdated views about global power come into play. He expects everyone to be dressed in the same suits he finds so comfortable, paying homage to the same bloated corporate power he pays fealty to. The world left that sort of regimented fawning behind a long time ago.
1,The book is ok.  I usually like to "thumb through" books before I buy them.  However, as I read some reviews, many seem to like it.  My 3 year old niece did like it, but I think there are better books available.
1,One of the most poorly written books I have read. This was written at a third grade level for substance and the further into the book I went, the more it declined. I got to chapter 21 and could not stomach anymore.
1,Really disappointed with the quality of the binding of these books.  My children LOVE the Octonauts, but even though they take great care of their books, the pages fall out after a short amount of time.
1,Nicely written but not my taste. I love novels set in the 19th century and read a lot from that era. The first part was fine-not an Anthony Trollope by any stretch but a sweet diversion. The historical research was accurate but on the weak side. But then, about 100 pages in, it takes a turn toward Christian Romance with an underlying proselytizing. If you enjoy that genre then you will enjoy this book. I don't and stopped reading it.
1,Ridiculous plotting and inconsistent characters make this a difficult novel to stick with. Possibly the worst writing I have managed to stick with to the dying end. Poorly done. I received this as free advanced copy--I will not be accepting such offers again.
1,I just could not get in to this book. Made me sad from the first chapter. I will stick to "The Help".
1,I would have given this book a higher rating had it not featured Drizzt.  R.A. Salvatore needs to expand on his character repertoire and create something new for the Forgotten Realms.  His writing is awesome, as usual, especially when it comes to battle scenes.  That said, the name of the book is 'Arch Mage' and yet Gromph is not the main character of the novel, which I would have enjoyed a lot more than the same Drizzt/Companion story arc that has been milked to death.  In short, had there been more of the actual 'Arch Mage' and less of Drizzt, this book would have been spectacular.  No other author has really touched on Gromph as a main character and I was really disappointed to find out this wasn't the case with this book.
1,My grandson didn't enjoy.  It is frightening.
1,I found impossible to follow her diet because it was very difficult to follow her book. I think there's probably a lot of good knowledge stored somewhere but all her books need editing. I was unable to apply any of her books because there are pages and pages of unrelated materials (fillings) and then one important information. What I found about her books is that it lacks focus. Then there's the problems with the recipes, you need paper and pencil or a computer to do your own editing because the recipe starts in one page and ends at another page way across the book so one has to flip here and there to understand and I simply don't have time to do that, so I shelved all her books...just can't read it. It needs good editing and much of the information needs to be removed examples would be something like "drinking good water is good for your health". This may not be exactly what was said but it surely exemplifies what you are going to find throughout the book. Way too many fillers (pages and pages) and one has to fish the pertinent information and re-write the book in order to read it. I know I don't have time to do that, so there are other books in the market about raw food without facing that hassle which I found in all of her books. That is not to say that I don't believe she has an important information to convey and know what she is writing about. I believe that she does but I can't spend the time editing something before I read it.
1,This was very reminiscent of the Regency romances I used to read way back when, with the poor, helpless heroine and the kind, studly aristocrat who rescues her. Although I used to enjoy some of those stories, I was never all that fond of that particular dynamic, and having the poor, helpless one be a man instead of a woman didn't make me like it any more. I'm also no more fond of heroes who burst into tears all the time than I am of heroines who cry at the drop of a hat.		Yeah, Kyle does finally take some action to protect himself, so it's not just James riding in to rescue him. The stereotypical heroine probably would have done almost exactly what he did. In fact, I think you could have changed his name to "Kyla" made the corresponding changes to genitalia, and it would have been exactly the same story.		I thought several times of DNFing it, but somehow found it just enjoyable enough to read all the way through.
1,Waste of money.
1,Maggie Nelsons The Art of Cruelty was an entertaining light read, but I don't foresee the book having much enduring value either with scholars or popular readers, not least because Nelson tries to address both audiences at once.  The author is clearly intelligent, is a good writer (using straightforward language that sometimes slips into pedantic faux-scholarly phrase-making) and has keen interests.  What shes lacking is ideas.  She doesnt know what her book is rock-bottom ABOUT, and without that underlying sense of purpose all we get is the autobiography of a magpie-like cruelty critic slash fetishist.  Her politics are good-hearted and academically respectable, but hopelessly nave and unlivable.  Most of the examples of artistic cruelty she examines aren't even THAT cruel.  They seem dated and too politically motivated to be really scary, frankly.  I could think of crueler things without much effort.  Nelson also depends throughout on the assumption that cruelty in art is always manifest AS SUCH, in externally verifiable terms.  (Silly rabbit, tricks are for kids.)
1,The Widower's Tale was a chore to read and torture to finish. While the author, I believe, set out to explore complex family relationships, instead, characters came off as shallow, underdeveloped and bland. The dialogues seemed forced and inauthentic. Very disappointing. This was my first Julia Glass novel, and most likely will be my last.
1,Disappointing. Surprised how this book basically has nothing of worth in it. I love other Indygo Junction products. Go figure.
1,I have read other books by this author and I thoroughly enjoyed them. However, I felt this book spent way too much time on the abortion issue. As a supporter of a woman's right to control her own body, I felt the story line was inappropriate in today's political environment.
1,I loved the Stieg Larsson Millennium series but could not get on with this book at all. For me in this book Lisbeth Slander and Blomkvist are not the same characters. In my view they both seemed to  have no edge to them at all and the book just lacked any depth. In the end I just gave up on it.
1,I wanted to like this so badly...I normally really enjoy this author, she has some of my favorites like Scoring Wilder, Anything you can do, and the Foxe and the hound.  True she also has some that I can do without, but this one let me down, I was sad.
1,Each person is entitled to enjoy a book without explanation but when the National Book Award goes to an offering of such pitiful quality, the people need to speak out to alerts others of what is really awaiting them. I am completely incredulous that this book could have won the National Book Award. My immediate reaction is that I read better books in elementary school. Often, I felt as if i was reading Seventeen magazine because the writing was so juvenile and the characters so one- dimensional. To make matters worse, the ubquitous use of foreign languages without translation or the ability to decipher the meaning from the context was really obnoxious and sometimes incorrect! If you're going to be condescending or faux literary, at least use spellcheck!		Quite simply, all I can say as that attempting to read this book caused a tremendous amount of pain and real longings to throw the book out of the moving bus. As i was traveling through Bolivia and without any reading material besides local newspapers, I had no choice but to journey on.  However, after making it halfway through this award-winning novel, I decided it was much more enjoyable to sit in my plane seat and look at the safety card than to irritate myself any further with the ridiculous musings of beautiful, fair Ella Lynch and the stocky but sexually voracious Franco. Maybe Tuck can cut out the flimsy war stuff and send the rest of the text to Harlequin. A real lemon dressed in historical clothing!!
1,Here is another self-help book that didn't need to be written. The useful information could be summerized in a phamplet, if so much - the cover would be sufficient. Why this writing style is so popular is beyond my comprehension (maybe because people like me keep picking them up...AHHH!!!). The use of filler "stories" are quite uneccessary if the author has something unique or interesting to say, but in most of these books it is just a rehash of the same basic information. If this is the first of this type of book you are reading you may find some of it interesting and useful, but that is being generous, but, if you have read any other self-help book remotely similar, don't even waste your time.
1,yes, i bought this & read it.	wel, it may make you feel less like it's "your fault!" if you're infertile, but it's important to know the facts.	most women menstrate into their 50s, but become infertile between 38-42. your chances of conceiving w/ your own eggs, even with ivf, after 43 is like 0.02%, OR, in layman's terms, not good.	NONE of these fertility books tell you that.	and for every woman, like the author of "Inconceivable," which I also read, who conceive, literally hundreds more won't.	the moviestars over 40, like Geena Davis, who you see in redbook, etc., are getting pregnant through IVF with DONOR eggs.  but they don't tell anyone, keeping the pregnant over 40 myth going.... i guess there's a lot o shame w/ infertility, which leads to people like me casting about for answers since "it worked for them," thinking, "if only i could drink as much wheatgrass as HER!!!" & "ooo! what's HER secret, and how much will she charge me for it?"  (bye the bye, i found the book "inconceivable" terribly upsetting and sad & not helpful. plus, she was trying for her 2nd baby, and hearing her whine feels like a slap when YOU think she's so lucky to even have 1!)		one "bit" of "magic" i did find... acupuncture. it regulated my cycle, and going twice a week can improve a man's sperm by 60% research shows. plus it's relaxing and AFFORDABLE, which Dr. Domar's programs (I live near her LA branch) aren't.	otherwise, save your money, or join RESOLVE ([...] maybe you can "book swap" with fellow members...	my best advice, go to a reproductive endocrinologist asap, & find out what's really happening. it set our minds at ease, even though all the news wasn't good.	most importantly... strive to keep your relationship happy and loving and sexy.	hang in there; you have my entire sympathy & empathy.	good luck & i wish all of us babies :)
1,I will usually stick with a book through to the end.  If it starts bad, I can hope for a smashing ending or a pickup in the story about the middle of the book.  Unfortunately, I saw no reason to continue this book past page 100, a rare occurence for me.  Don't get me wrong, Ive read Anderson for years.  Brain Wave, Tau Zero, the Flandry saga are all classics.  His award-winning short stories are examples of what a good sf short should be.  Here he lost me.  The immortal race hidden among us humans has been a staple of legend for centuries.  More recently it was popularized by The Eternal Mercenary series and the Highlander.  Here he adds nothing new and it just a long journey through history.  I notice that star travel is supposed to come into play near the end, but I can't make it.  I apologize, Mr. Anderson, for giving up on this one, but I couldn't see any reason to go on.
1,I have read this book by a different publisher and have given it away to several friends and kept replacing it.  I can no longer find that particular copy so I bought this one for my daughter, finding if difficult to read due to the small print; it does not flow as well and the font is so small it doesn't even cover the entire page (waste of space).  The content of his autobiography is well worth reading, but not in this format.
1,It looks nice in picture but isn't so in real life (for me).	The clover is inside a  "clear" plastic but my plastic was off white/yellowish which made it look cheapo.
1,Ok story- it drags a lot. Not as good as other James Patterson books. Glad I'm done with it- maybe his next book will be better
1,Very cheesy.  Predictable.  Good start, not a great finish.  Wouldn't recommend to a reader who enjoys substance in the book.
1,The pages to color are very small. It doesn't take up much space at all on this page. I feel like this coloring book could have been cut in half instead of being full sized at 8x10. A lot of wasted space, and hard/difficult to see what you are coloring. The subject matter also seems to be repetitive. I gave up after coloring two pages, and have not picked it up for months.
1,I absolutely hate this book.  I was assigned to read it as part of an English class. I really liked Remains of the Day.  It could not be less interesting if it tried. Good god! AWFUL.
1,I actually didn't finish this - it was just getting too stupid.  The editing was the poorest I've seen in a long time and it just drug on and on with all sorts of heavy breathing on the part of the heroine who is supposed to be in her mid/late twenties,  but carries on like a silly tween.  I suppose it finally moved on to some suspense or mystery, but I'd had enough of these characters.
1,I went back through each of my reviews to ascertain whether I ever gave a book or film one star. I haven't, until now. I like to read books on radical politics, conspiracy theories and other unusual stuff. However, nothing could prepare me for this car wreck of a book. This book reeks, and it reeks to high heaven. I will say that if John Coleman actually holds a Ph. D. (he goes by "Dr." John Coleman), I should be a shoo-in at Harvard or Yale when I begin applying for admission to graduate school.		Where should I start in criticizing this debacle? How about Coleman's grammar? This book is so loaded with every kind of grammatical error that it is hard to even understand what points the author is trying to convey. Misplaced commas, misspelled words, confusing sentences, and a total lack of organization are staples here. In one chapter, for instance, Coleman inserts a fairly lengthy section about the assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr. While this might not be a problem if done correctly, why isn't this put in his later chapter about assassinations? One sentence that sticks out in my mind, and which is indicative of the whole book, is one in which the word "livers" is substituted for "lives." Horrible, absolutely horrible. If someone actually edited this book, they should be executed.		Coleman tries to make plenty of connections to another book he wrote about the so-called "Committee of 300", a secret cabal of power brokers who are trying to bring about a world-socialist system in which they rule over a world of slaves. That is one of the big problems in this book. Coleman drops information into the text that leaves the reader scratching his head in wonder. This "Committee" is never explained or elaborated on in any way. Apparently they consist of British and American officials, with the Brits coming under especially stern criticism. MI5 and MI6 are made out to be nothing short of the spawn of Satan, and the CIA is also taken to task. Coleman also homes in on the oil industry, blaming them for the revolutions in Mexico, the Middle East crisis, and the subversion of governments worldwide.		I just realized I could write more, but I don't want to think about this book any longer. I'll use it to help light logs in my fireplace this winter. It's a shame, because some of Coleman's ideas do have merit. We all know that the oil industry has had dirty hands for years, and anyone who thinks the Gulf War had nothing to do with oil is living in fairyland. This book can actually cause blindness and a precipitous drop in IQ. Avoid!
1,I found the movie extremely boring and the attempts at human contortion pointless. Wait for it to come on TV when it's free, and then still think twice about watching it.
1,Ok, but not great. Good use of similes.
1,A waste of money.
1,The Wedding Gift has a profoundly interesting story, and it was clearly a labor of love.		Unfortunately, it's so stiffly written, with such bizarre, stilted dialogue, that it's difficult to appreciate the good points of the novel. Few of the characters are fleshed out to the point where they are distinguishable from one another, which is irritating and occasionally confusing.		The "surprise" ending is definitely shocking, but the reader is left agog as the main character confesses to some rather strong crimes and then gives thanks to a higher power in the last two pages.		All in all, it was interesting read, but I wish I'd used my Prime membership to borrow it instead of paying 99 cents.
1,What I disliked was that the story dragged too much. I was  not captured  in the writing style. Sorry but I was disappointed.
1,I really wanted to look but love this book  but gaaahhh was it sort of like a train wreck. The character development felt rushed & forced. Plus Anna's naive personality was not cute nor innocent it was just plan annoying. It probably could've work but (sigh) I don't know the story just seemed jumbled up & highly unlikely that someone would find themselves in this situation. I did however love the idea of X's character & back story, he seemed "real" to me. I guess it was just Anna! She got in my nerves ha!  If there is a second book, I'm in no hurry to pick it up
1,one star is a gift. this is an awful book in every way possible. also i'm very disappointed in the author.	don't touch it under any circumstances at any price.  s.b. tannahill
1,Starts out OK, then comes the weird imprisonment of the lead family.  It just doesn't go anywhere.  Not worth your time.
1,Didnt think it was that great, maybe I need to read again as my game evolves in the future......(wplaz)-PS/FT		Having read books by harrington, sklansky and malmuth it seems that the authors of this books offer an internet only approach to playing poker. The writing didn't hold my interest, the explanations were mundane, editing is awful, lots of typos...		The best books ive purchased are the Harrington volumes barnone.
1,I did not buy this book.  It was given to me by an associate as an `idea' for a corporate-wide human resources conference.		As a corporate director, I was flabbergasted by the simpleton tone of this book.  Some pages only contained 6 to 10 words while others may contain more words but made little sense.  The theory behind this book is that people are different and we should allow diversity to flourish in order to make the company and the employee happy.  This is an idea that any thinking manager caught up with a couple of generations ago.		It is no wonder that our creativity and abilities to sustain long term profitability - not to mention our adaptability and flexibility - is going down the drain.  It is not only this book but others I have seen that are very similar.  They start by developing a catchy theme and then building a one-trick pony system around the theme.  It is a cartoonish way to manage but I suppose in this twitter world anything with heft is dealt out of the deck.  It is so sad to see people traveling down this path.		I did find value in the book by giving it to my grandchildren to read.  They enjoyed it.		If you wish to really explore this topic, I would highly recommend&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Don-t-Bring-It-to-Work-Breaking-the-Family-Patterns-That-Limit-Success/dp/0470404361/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Don't Bring It to Work: Breaking the Family Patterns That Limit Success</a>.		I hope you find this review helpful.		Michael L. Gooch, SPHR
1,I love unmarketing.  I love Scott.  But frankly I think I just wasted ten bucks.  It took me about an hour to get through this book, with three kids under the age of five to distract me.  Useful examples, but nothing really new.  This could be useful to show examples of nonsense to a boss or manager that doesn't know what they are doing, but that's about it.
1,This book dramatizes what happens when you realize that your life has been slowly creeping up to smother you. I'm still not sure if I am disliking this book because it is dark but without other rewards (e.g. supple prose, delicious epiphany) or if it has done it's job with unlikeable, miserable characters that you'd like to give a good shake.  They all seem so stagnant that the author, at a loss for a conclusion, seemed to throw a big movie-of-the-week finale on the end. That, I am sure I did not like. Then again, was I supposed to take the ending with a big wink-wink? I like that even less.  This book wasn't painful, but it wasn't  a depressing delight either.
1,This book makes my brain hurt.  Alinsky is evil and mastered how to metastasize evil to other dissatisfied souls.  It's like reading Hilter's diary.
1,Despite all of the glowing reviews, I just can't say I liked this book. Well written? Yes. Enjoyable? No. For me, the main character, Austen, was completely unlikeable. She can hold a grudge like no-other and has child-like decision making skills. The book, as many have mentioned, is NOT fluffy and easygoing. In fact, the entire first half of the book is drama drama drama, aaangst, aaagnst, b*****-fighting and more fighting. Yes there was sporadic humor, but if I were to describe the tone of the book, it would be drama-centered with a dash of humor. I truly wanted to believe all of these glowing reviews, but this book really wasn't that great and the characters not that likable. Throw in a friend who's been raped, an entire sexist family, and two main characters that repeatedly beat each other up with words, no thanks. Read at your own peril. I sure wish I hadn't wasted 10$
1,This review will be brief, and perhaps some of you might find my critique somewhat silly. While I am a huge fan of this author, I found Fledgling to be a big disappointment. For one thing, I was very uncomfortable with the main character having sex with grown men and women while her body was that of a 10 year old girl. The only saving grace was that the sex scenes weren't explicit, Thank God!	I was blown away by all the typos that littered the pages of this book. It made me wonder if the publishing company even had an editor on staff. I also agree that the writing itself wasn't the best by this otherwise very talented writer.	Last but not least, I really didn't like the theme of racism in the story. When I think of otherworldly beings and their worlds, I think of these creatures as not having the same stupidity as human beings, and that goes for vampires as well with their lifestyles of easy sexuality and the many world experiences that immortality gives them. I personally found it hard to believe, almost laughable, that vampires could be racist to the main character. I know that Ms. Butler was trying to give a different spin on the vampire genre, but it simply didn't work for me. I love the idea of a vampire who was a viking in their past hunting alongside, say, a vampire who was a New York City born Puerto Rican from the 1970s. Get the idea? I found these vampires uninteresting and repugnant, rather like too many members of the human race.	All in all, this book was a major fail. If you haven't read any of Ms. Butler's other books, you'd be in for many treats as her other works are among the best in speculative fiction. But as for Fledgling, I would emphatically recommend you skip this one.
1,This is NOT a book for the lay reader. Bought the book because the title was very intriguing, but it wasn't what I had expected.
1,Very average mystery.  Did not particularly care for the lead character.  I give this book 3 stars since it was a fast paced read.
1,If you can, get the 4th edition, it's way easier to read and this edition is not recommended by any of my teachers. They all said get the 4th edition, so I'm returning this one and getting the 4th. Reading this is way too complicated and way more than we need to know for the boards/job, the 4th gives you everything in an easier to understand language and doesn't confuse you further (unlike this one).
1,Not what i expected it to be.
1,Yeah I wasn't a fan of this one. I picked it up because it was supposed to be a hot and sexy read but I didn't find it all that hot. While there were some hot scenes, I've definitely read way hotter and better written. I just couldn't get into this book at all. In fact by the time I got to the end I just found myself skimming to the sexy parts because the characters just annoyed me. I didn't feel any chemistry between them at all.
1,The one my Wife received was not LARGE PRINT. The header show the book is large print!!!!
1,I only have myself to blame. I bought this 3rd installment to this unfamiliar boy named Midnight. I was hoping I would get to see a glimpse of the Midnight From CWE. What happened to the Midnight from the CWE? 3 looong books later and he is even an adult yet he hasn't had one birthday since a Gangster love? He has married to non Black females neither born in Sudan or Muslim he has all these businesses. Must we forget his distain for American Black females. He doesnt reflect the brother I admired in CWE. The one thing that is consistent is the obsurb way he falls in love with females from Japan a country where they don't worship as Muslims or religious.  Im still tripping about his 1st wife not speaking any language he does. Sister Souljah please allow your readers to see Midnight that you showed in CWE?
1,Like all of fat boys books, trash.
1,Not what I expected, though good advice.  The narrator tries to sound like Mother, which makes the experience a little cheesy.  Not my favorite, but will probably listen to again.
1,Not good at all. So very boring. I need a good word to sum  this book up. Crap sums it up.
1,Yawn!
1,Too much explicit sex and not enough story line development.  I would not recommend and don't plan on reading any other books by this author.
1,I couldn't get into it even with the high rating. Not worth my time, nor energy.
1,So many characters with really stupid names!!!  So boring I only got half way through.  Hard to believe there are more of these, which I won't be reading.
1,I read this in 7th grade for a assignment. Seriously so boring. No climax no strong plot. It just drags on and on
1,First off this is really a review of the whole three book series.  The first book was fairly good, not a really original concept but OK.  The second book, seemed so predictable, you wanted to scream at our hero, "Harry, he's not the bad guy, but I know who is".  But the worst part is the book didn't end, it was really continued in this one.  The third which is a massive 626 pages, just was filled with so much minutia it made reading hard. The number of characters was just too much, I really don't care who is the third secretary of MI5, just impossible to keep track of.  I'm afraid it too was quite predictable, you knew which character would not be killed in this gunfight, you rolled your eyes when you read "the gun came up and he closed his eyes waiting to die, but then . . ."		This series is really one big book, a massive 1,572 pages total.  I know I'm in the minority, but just too much, too much detail of nothing important (the temperature of the Thames River), too many non-important characters (often referred to by first name or last name or title making it impossible to follow or care), too many times our hero lamenting his lost love (what's her name's face floated before his eyes).
1,I was initially really excited to read this novel. It had good reviews on Goodreads and it had an interesting premise. I was disappointed though. The whole novel didn't feel like it had much plot to it, especially the first 15-20% of it that was about Brandon dying and Caroline's village being captured and burnt. Honestly, there didn't seem to even be a story there until Caroline and Finn, along with their merry bunch of looters, started to run.		Most of the issues I had with the book derive from the world building and the general mythology of the novel, but I also had an issue with some of the aspects of Caroline.		World Building/Kinder Mythology	The "introduction" to the novel, which I am assuming was meant to be world building, was sloppy. There were some inconsistencies in Caroline's narrative of where the world is now and the surrounding area. Also, considering that Caroline said that not even the Elders were aware of why the world ended, it doesn't seem right for her to have some intimate knowledge and details about weapons and their uses. For example, guns. Caroline seemed to be aware of handguns at the beginning of the story however she didn't seem to know what they were when she was trying to reach Teresa at the top of the hill knew what a "sniper" was, but didn't know the term "scope".		There was such a random introduction to the "mythical"/superhuman people in this novel that I almost thought it was a completely different novel than the one I started. It seemed like there was an actual divide in the beginning of the novel between the "introduction" of the world and the issue and where the story actually began. And it started after the camp was destroyed. There was some mentions about the Kinders prior to Ellery saying that there were two more Kinders near her, but it wasn't until this point that I believe the "real story" started to happen.		There also seems to be a disconnect between what Caroline can do and what the mythology surrounding the Kinders says Kinders can do. Caroline mentions that they are immortal, can fly, are "squirrel-like", and can see into the past, present, and future, etc. That is what the stories from the Elders say. However, when Finn describes the history of the land to Caroline (because they apparently have history textbooks in the DAV), he say that each Kinder has different abilities?? Which is fine, like that could make sense, except Ellery was one of the Elders in Caroline's village and also a confirmed Kinder. It doesn't make sense that Caroline would learn one thing from her Elders, specifically a Kinder, but Finn would tell her something different and that is what we are to believe to be the truth. It was all unbelievable.		Caroline	I did actually like Caroline. She was tough and emotional and generally well-written. But it still will never make sense to me that this 14 year old girl would command a large group of people. Whether or not she is this mystical Kinder person, there is still no way that people would listen to her before she reveals that she is a Kinder. That is the kind of stuff people generally follow, but until that point her being fast and strong would not created the atmosphere for people to follow her.		I didn't think Caroline would have been able to master her Kinder abilities so quickly. It seemed to me that because Ellery said "Remember the name Caroline and she is a Kinder" that Caroline just magically had control over her powers. It made sense at first for her to be using them when she felt overpowering emotions, such as moving the soldier from her Grandfather's cabin, but it didn't make sense that at the end she hadn't reached 15 but was able to completely control her abilities.		She was also so ... trusting. For being the leader of this group of people, she was way too quick to trust people. Finn, for example, an enemy deserter who she just openly accepts and trusts; she even lets him take charge with her. I hope this is part of her characterization for now because she is still "young" and that it will change in the next part of the series, but honestly it was really not a good trait for her to have.		On a positive note, I think Caroline was interesting and well thought out. I would have liked more from the minor characters, who at first seemed as if they were going to be a major part of the storyline. I hope that there is more Finn and James and that Crockett makes her way back into the story because I liked her. However, I am not sure if I want to continue with the rest of the series.		Overall: 1.5/5 stars. This one has an interesting concept that wasn't extremely well executed in my opinion.
1,Should have stopped reading earlier, but glad I stopped.  Repetitive, amateurish writing and one dimensional characters.
1,I read the first book in the series, and was midly entertained.  Entertained enough to buy the second.  But the second was pretty underwhelming, but i figured i would give it another try, and bought the third.  After the third i though, never, ever again.		So then comes Order 66.  A whole book about the clones' point of view, right? Wrestling with the Order, fall-out from their actions, drama...conflict...right??		Nah.  The Order comes 4/5s of the way through, a few clones notice it, and then go right back to the same melodrama that was so annoying in the second and third. Atrocious
1,In yet another installment of Ann Rule's collection of true crime stories we see Ann Rule at her worst.  Well I should say that at her best Ann Rule does a brilliant job of analyzing criminals, victims, crimes and the US justice system.  She has the knack of drilling down into minute detail without being boring.  However with 'Empty Promises...' the author doesn't go into any detail and, worse, the stories she relates are your basic slasher crimes; we've seen them all before (and were grossed out).	At the very least Ann Rule still writes in a very readable, personable sort of way.  So the book is a painless waste of time.  If Ms. Rule reads this review can I ask her, as a loyal fan, to dispense with these half-hearted stories (as an attempt to cash in on her name?) and give us more classics like 'If You Really Loved Me' or 'Dead By Sunset'.	Bottom line: Ann Rule on a very off day.  Don't waste your money.
1,I can't believe Lisa Scottoline wrote this book. One only needs to read every 5th page to know what's going on and how it's going to end.
1,ive yet to finish it. and it's been years since i bought it. everytime i try to read it, i fall asleep forget what i read and have to start over...needless to say I won't be finishing it but I do have admiration and respect for Steve Harvey.
1,Did not enjoy,  Skimmed to the end and knew who "dunnit" from the beginning.  So many nonsense scenes.  Really bad book.
1,Talk about a boring poorly written book, would recommend it to no one. A waste of my time and money.
1,Maybe being lawyer, I found this beyond incredulous.  I'm glad it was free as I didn't get beyond 20% of the book on my Kindle. I love a good legal thriller, but this is a long way from being a good read.  Sorry I can't be kinder to the author as I know how hard it is to write
1,This book hit the best-seller lists right out of the gate, and because I liked Ng's first book, I was eager to read Little Fires. Unfortunately, it turned out to be a letdown.		There are many threads running through the story, so many, in fact, that when Ng tries to tie them all together, she ends up with knots and loose fibers. There just aren't enough pages in this book to devote the space required to adequately tell each point of view in depth. A lot of novels start out like this one, with intrigue and an interesting plot, but then become contrived.		Without giving too much away, note the scene in the clinic: Of course what Lexie does would predictably lead to a misunderstanding; that's why it was written. (Who didn't see that coming?) It was implausible that Pearl would have gone along with it, too. Another instance was when Mrs. Richardson was in her friend's office, asking for information. How awesome (and convenient) is it that the woman steps out of the room, leaving Elena all alone with the computer. And again, at the end of the book, Mia follows Mrs. Richardson's orders and Pearl goes along without much of a fuss. Mia wasn't provided enough reason to do as she was asked. Why wouldn't this strong woman ask for an explanation at the very least?		Readers get the feeling the author is trying to make things add up too quickly, too easily. As for the ending, puh-lease! Arson is a serious, unconscionable crime and yet the character in this book who commits this act is in no way ever described as that deranged, deplorable, or personally afflicted by the turn of events.		I also agree with the other readers who found the male characters to be paper cutouts, devices to move the plot along. And may I add that some of the characters are a bit trite/stereotypical for the era in which they're written?		I listened to this book via CD, and I didn't like the voice of the reader at all. She reads in such a chipper manner that I thought the book was going to be more like Where'd You Go, Bernadette? Even the serious subject matter sounds like fluff. Her tone is way off.		For a much, much better book that shares one of the themes as this one, try The Leavers by Lisa Ko.
1,This is just a rant about powerful overseers and putting all the blame for the worlds woes on the rich and powerful.  Only two pages about "remembering" anything at the end of the book.  Zero rating.
1,Yet another "classic" that disappoints.  I cannot understand why this book is hailed as such a passionate love story.  This book is incredibly long and full of unnecessary, painfully boring details about Russian life. The supposedly passionate love story is incredibly disappointing and dull.  It paints a vivid enough picture of Russian aristocracy, but beyond that, it doesn't offer much.
1,I really enjoyed this book till the very end. The whole thing with the amnesia ruined the end of them story.  It was totally unnecessary and really destroyed the whole flow of the love story between Jax and Alana.  I almost felt like I was reading another book. Sorry I wasted my time reading this.
1,I wish they wouldn't compare books to good books.  This is not close in writing of charters or story development on the level of the divergent series.  On a much younger level and I never felt any character was built to hold your interest and for story line it was about being chosen to go to Eden by 30% you still had no idea what Eden was about and I deleted the book.  There are so many books out now that there is no point in in reading something that hasn't peaked even a little interest by this point in the book.
1,This is simply a propagada book. There are no facts, just fiction. The writer tries whatever he can to twist the facts about Islam. Every text written can be taken wrong. Not all 1.3 Billion muslims terrorists. Many are good loving people who follow the word of the Quran. Too bad people believe lies so easily.
1,Although the setting and factors involved appear to be intriguing they just come off as "boring".  The characters are stale and PLEASE the endless details of the streets, roads, mountainside - NOT necessary.  I'm truly disappointed because up to this point I have had nothing but the highest praise for Daniel Silva's works.  But, like someone else pointed out in another review - something happens when an author writes about the same characters over and over.  I believe Mr. Silva has gotten just about all he can out of Gabriel Allon, et al - and I was disappointed when I discovered that although he had thought to put an end to the character Gabriel Allon in his latest book he was advised by some friends NOT to.  Too bad - I know I won't buy that one.  I LOVE to read and "consume" a book in a relatively short time period given my busy schedule.  Yet, I've been "trudging" through this one for weeks - not days.
1,The content is decent; very thorough, but inaccurate and ambiguous in some places... Also, the book itself (physically) is terrible! I've had a few MS Press Books and they ALL fall apart. It's always the same thing; the binding... This one is no different. At some point I'll need to punch holes in every page and put it in a ring binder. Clearly Microsoft has figured out how to make software but has issues with making books for crying out loud...		ADDENDUM: If the authors of this book also wrote the 70-461 exam then I'm worried... Here's one example: Let's say there's 1 row in a table and I SELECT TOP (3)... I get back that single row, right? In other words "TOP" will return less than 3... One of the multiple choice tests in the book (pg:94) reads:		"You execute a query with a TOP (3) option. Which of the following options most accurately describes how many rows will be returned?"		* Note: Nothing is stated about the row count in the table...		1. Fewer than three rows  (true if there's only 1 or 2 rows in the table)	2. Three rows or fewer  (true if there's 1, 2 or 3 rows in the table)	3. Three rows  (true if there's 1, 2 or 3 rows in the table)	4. Three rows or more  (false)	5. More than three rows  (false)	6. Fewer than three, three, or more than three  (false)		on Page 98 the answers are:		1. Incorrect: If there's at least three rows in the query result (the question never states a row count) without TOP, the ...	2. Correct	3. Incorrect: If there are fewer rows (the question never states a row count) than three in the query result without TOP, the query will return only those rows.	4. ...	This is wrong, and now I'm worried if the test is as unclear. And... I ALWAYS read the reviews before I buy a book. This time I didn't and I wish I had because the 1 Stars seem to be the most accurate.
1,Too slow.....too boring.....too predictable for me
1,Too far fetched. Not realistic.
1,This book seemed to have promise, but I have to agree with the reviewer that indicated it was juvenile.  The beginning was better than the ending.  Disney could make a picture of this.  Our hero picks up a sword, and immediately beats the pirate who is showing him technique.  From that point on he is an expert swordsman.		A fair book for youth, but not for adults.
1,I didn't finish reading the book. It had to many zany characters and too many stereotypes for my taste.
1,I have both of Jumpin's Jim's "365" uke books and love them.  This, in my opinion, is overpriced and not of much use.
1,If Abdo wrote this book to increase non-Muslims understanding of, and empathy towards, American Muslims, her work is hardly a resounding success. Why would young people growing up in a free country want some religious figure to tell them how to organize the minute details of their lives: how much to sleep, what to eat, what to watch on TV? Reading this book made me wonder whether the differences between Muslims, Christians, and secular Americans aren't insurmountable after all. Abdo doesn't deal with the most pressing issues that non-Muslims have with Islam, but does provide a history of Muslims in America. Somewhat illuminating, but not a page turner.
1,Extremely shallow & disappointing!
1,I did not finish this book as I found it very boring from page one.  It's not that the information was bad it's just that I have read it over and over again through multiple books with the same theme.  I was hoping there was some "proof" that it would put forward but it really just complied source after source of information from other authors.  If you are new to the subject you might find it informative but even then it was very dry.
1,Why does this novella start on page 35 in the middle of the story? I do not blame Mr. Bates since it is obvious he wrote a full length story that was not fully reproduced. I am at a loss as to why they did what they did.
1,I had a very hard time reading this book.  In fact, I couldn't even finish it.  Leam is extremely hard to understand when speaking Scots.  Half the time I didn't even know what he was saying.  Have read many other "highlander" historical fictions and have never had this problem.  I didn't find any of the characters that interesting and the conversations just didn't spark any interest in the book or the story for that matter.  I just didn't feel the story was leading anywhere what-so-ever.  Kitty was the only one with any potential.  This one just fizzled out.
1,This book is horrible.  The whole book is endless run on sentences and the story is not enjoyable or compelling in any way, shape or form.  Read it for a book club, wish I hadn't.  Tedious and boring.
1,I was put off by the language.  I don't enjoy being in the company of people who pepper their language with "the F word," so it was hard for me to be very sympathetic with the characters in this book.  The intrigue was good, but I couldn't get very engaged with the characters.
1,The worst.  There was so much filler it was hard to keep reading.  Expected so much more from this author.  Wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
1,No, I am sorry,I picked a bad book and ended up being very bored,I could not finish it. Rather watch the grass grow.  one tiny star * from me
1,I didn't like this book at all. I finished it just because I paid for it.  It just wasn't really entertaining for me. But I do like some of Ms Swinson's other books.
1,Based on some of the glowing reviews, I expected far more. For the most part, Micha sounds like a whiny, complaining young woman. It wasn't inspirational! It was annoying.
1,This one didn't work for me.  Too many characters.  None interesting or sympathetic.  Too much suspension of disbelief required.  Sorry.  I hope others will enjoy the book.
1,I was kinda disappointed in this... It just isn't that funny. He's got the seedlings of some really humorous stuff here, but maybe it's funnier in person?
1,I was really disappointed in this book and I am glad I borrowed it from the library and didn't spend money for it.  The storyline was very bland and uneventful.  Because this is a bestselling author, I expected it to get better, but it didn't.  Not much happening in this story.  It was a waste of time for me.
1,Dot was a gift	I hoped that I would be able to use it for IFTTT to connect household devices The book didn't even mention controlling other devices. All info provided was easily available through other sources.	The book WS a complete waste of money!!!!!!!!!
1,I was relatively disappointed with the content of this book I did not find it at all helpful I thought the viewpoint was particularly biased and just wasn't my kind of book I even shared it with my wife to let her review it and she did not feel it was a very valuable piece of literature at least from our perspective.
1,It's very badly done. You can't tell which is the red letter. It seems like a Sunday school workbook
1,I was not planning to write a review for [Cancer: Natural Cures: "They don't want you to know about!"] by Kimberly A. Thomas. But the author begs for reviews several times toward the end, so I'll try to do what I can. It is a short book. The paperback lists at 82 pages. I read the Kindle version.		I'll start with the more complimentary points.		The book reads like an honest account. I do not think Thomas buffed up the facts in order to make a better story. The loving efforts of this daughter for her father, expressed through her research and personal care, are touching. This probably accounts for the good reviews.		The doctors gave the author's father, Mr. Fletcher, two to four months to live. Under his daughter's care, he survived for eight months. If we assume that the doctors were accurate (a large one, I know), then we could say that Thomas succeeded in extending her father's life to at least twice the ordained duration.		The author surfed the web, contacted some of the sources, and compiled a number of natural protocols for the treatment of cancer, protocols that have worked for other people. Thomas includes liberal quotes from her sources.		Thomas shares her opinions about a number of alternatives and conventional medicine, too. She recommends the former; rants about latter. Thomas mentions a hodgepodge of protocols that appealed to her, including: baking soda/blackstrap molasses, Gerson, Budwig, apricot seeds, IV Vit. C, barley leaf extract, essential oils, Essiac tea. She suggests a number of other possibilities, too, and includes several web links. Why she neglected fasting, which seems to offer a lot of hope, is not clear.		According to Thomas, the protocol they actually tried was the one using baking soda and molasses. Unfortunately, Mr. Fletcher could only tolerate one round of doses. Of course the book would be considerably stronger if a) Fletcher had recovered from cancer and continued hale and hearty down to the present, and b) if we could attribute his recovery to one or more of the protocols.		Remember when books received the attentions of a competent editor before publication? Those were the days, eh? We didn't know how good we had it. Of course I am not sure exactly where Thomas is coming from. If she is a non-native speaker of English, then she is doing a terrific job.		Here are some examples of Thomas' fine writing:		"My jaw literally dropped on the floor." (Sounds painful. Was the floor okay?)		"...he got extremely constipated and had not had a bowl (sic) movement for over 11 days."		"I had to educate the EMS workers. ... They would always ask me 'Are you a nurse?' I would just answer, 'I am his daughter.'"	(Such modesty! Thomas must come across better in person than she does on paper.)		"My father wanted to live and we had made a pack (sic) together alone on that drive home from seeing his oncologist for the first diagnosis that we would fight this together and beat it."		"If there is one thing you can do to better education (sic) yourself more (sic) on this matter than (sic) I urge you to watch these two films:...."		Anyway, English skills aside, you pretty much see what she's driving at.		I found Thomas' pleas for reviews a bit much, along with her invitation to visit her "facebook fanpage".		A note on the title: In  2004, Kevin Trudeau published a popular, though now discredited, book titled [Natural Cures "They" Don't Want You to Know About]. Thomas must have recognized this as a catchy title, appropriated it, and tweaked it just a bit for her 2013 oeuvre.		The physician, M. Brody "DrMark", says of this book "truly an embarrassment for the alternative medical community". I agree with the assessment.  I did feel that Brody was a bit over-generous in granting stars though.		Cancer is a serious foe. If you or a loved one are facing this challenge, time is of the essence. Thomas says she wants to help, but the book falls short, to put it mildly. Books related to curing cancer that I actually found helpful are Isabelle Moser's How and When to Be Your Own Doctor, and Arnold Paul De Vries' Therapeutic Fasting. For a better overview of therapies, see Fischer's Fight Cancer and Win.
1,The description makes this book sounds like a fabulous read. It has everything you'd want for your son and more - action, sword fighting, ninja skills, a little bit of comedy, different culture, etc. But the style of writing loses you. Told in first person, there is way too much detail backed into this book. My son described it as "chasing squirrels" in its style. Way too often the main character will have a very detailed thought to explain away something that just doesn't fit in the book or decide that one girl's facial expression is the same as another so therefor he knows it means "x." Some of the fight scenes were really well done, but others left you wondering what just happened. After wading through the pages half way, neither my son nor myself finished the book. It just didn't hold us well enough. I hate giving bad ratings to books because I like for people to form their own opinion. I do think, if you want to give this book a shot, borrowing it from a library before purchasing it would be the best choice to make.
1,To be honest, I stopped reading this book about a quarter through.  Both of Jimmy Fox's 1st and 2nd books are very wordy, but not much plot.  I had hoped the second book would be better than the first.  He has a good premise to start with, a New Orleans genealogist who is struggling to make ends meet but has excellent knowledge about old court houses, private collections of  historical records, etc.  His sleuth is a single guy who spends a lot of times in bars and dives, and checking out attractive  women.  He is computer illiterate but in the last half of the first  book he gets an assistant who is a tech wiz, an interesting character underutilized in the 2nd book.  I want to read more about the unusual things that happen, or even the EZ, stumble over, mysteries solved when hunting down genealogical records for his customers.  This book would have been a really good short story.  Books solving mysteries and murders with genealogy has a couple of other authors that weave better tales.
1,Let's just say I won't be reading book 2!
1,I have read all of Michael Norman's books including those he co-wrote with the late Beth Scott.  I had enjoyed many of their books as told with a folklore style.  However, I was sorely disappointed in Haunted Homeland.  Unlike the others which were arranged either by state, region or some locale and told in an entertaining folklore style giving a good accounting of the history and the story of paranormal events, usually good old ghost stories.  Haunted Homeland deviated from that in that this very long tedious book. It seemed to have no logical grouping of stories, just a mish mash thrown together. The stories themselves ranged from a few paragraphs to a dozen pages or so.  All the stories were anecdotal with some having no sense to be included as they really didn't seem to tell a story at all, just a brief event and then just ending leaving me bewildered.  Others meandered with far too much useless information given on the details of a house or family history with no relevance to the ghost story at hand.  I thought it would take me forever to finish this boring book.  For me, this is the end to my reading this "Haunted" series.
1,These books were never even considered for the New Testament. It's hard to imagine that the editors of the book weren't aware of that fact, and chose to ignore it in order to make a more sensational title.		In fact, they weren't forbidden as much as just ignored: none of this is from an authentic source. Many of these are works of fiction. A number are not written by the authors they claim to be written by; that's what "pseudepigrapha" means! These were never - not ever - "venerated by the primitive Christian churches as the introduction claims." Bosh.		The early church fathers didn't include these in the New Testament for the same reasons you or I would not consider the output of a junior-high school creative writing class to be "the inspired word of God." They're not even competent heresy.		Since it's only a kindle book, it's not even useful for the latrine.		Move along. Nothing to see here.
1,Didn't care for the Diary like writing
1,I was going through a number of juvenile fiction books so that when my son is of age to read, I can have some good things to recommend to him.		The idea has been to go through Newbery Award Winners and National Book Award winners (and other books written by the same authors that had won either of those awards) as a way to build the list.		This book was not good. Why?		1. It is not realistic. Most people who are basketball players and have the attention of so many young women don't take the dreamy, starry-eyed approach that this main character took.		2. Too many pages of long, blow-by-blow descriptions of games. I have never played/ watched a game of basketball in my life, and my son will not be watching them either. (We don't have a TV.)		3. I am not satisfied with the portrayal of black men in this book (by the author himself, who was a black[ish] man). The protagonist is stupid (PSAT of 740) and inarticulate. It seems that when he got his PSAT score back, the only thing he could think of was that it was enough for him to keep playing basketball. The other basketball player was also a high rolling crack dealer (yeah, right) who was driving a Mercedes in high school (yeah, right). Thanks a lot, Walter Dean Myers. We *really* needed those images.		4. There were lots of dangling plot elements that were just never resolved. The grandmother didn't die. The relationship between the protagonist and the young girl never went anywhere. There was no resolution to the father's drinking problems.		5. The characters could not speak English well, and by the time my son is able to handle a book like this, 90% of the slang will be dated.		Verdict: Save your money and save your time.
1,I am half way through the book, and it is tedious. This book is overwritten, thick with similes and description that kills the story that is being told. Not that the subject is boring, but there is SO much prose causing a lot of eye rolling, and I am wishing there was more cake and less frosting.
1,I suppose when the publisher feels it is necessary to add the phrase "a gripping serial killer thriller" to the title, it is a signal that is neither gripping nor much of a thriller.  The Girl in the Ice is a very standard police procedural which suffers from a protagonist (the detective) that is thoroughly unlikable and a surrounding cast of characters (good and bad) who are, at best, cartoon-like and also unlikable.  The main detective in this book continually makes preposterous decisions that get her and others around her into hot water; these decisions are so stupid that even a rookie cop or high school student wouldn't dream of making: I found myself shaking my head and laughing more than being "thrilled".		This is a Grade B police procedural with few signs that future installments will be better.  There are many other such series available that would be better worth your investment of time and money,
1,This is my first Sue Grafton novel. It seems to be a good book in essence. I've literally skipped pages of filler in each chapter. She can take pages to describe a desk, the type of wood, the age of the wood, where it was manufactured, who the original owner was, when it was carved, the name of the lumberjack who chopped down the tree, etc. Who cares??		Then there's the issue of jumping back and forth between time periods. So much going on in addition to the ridiculous amount of filler.		Somewhere in this book, lies a good read if your attention span can stick around long enough to find out. I'm putting this book down at 60% of the way through. It's boring me.
1,Story needs work to make more sense. The idea that they needed to dilute their blood to have healthy offspring was kind of silly. The pack as a whole was weak and the little detail about what was going on with them was a flop. Maybe if it made more sense it wouldve been better.
1,I don't think I've actually hated a main character more than I hate Maggie Newberry.  She's cornered the market on narcissism,  She's gonna a do what she wants to do no matter what.  Never mind, she's very pregnant, her best friend shows up on her doorstep for emotional support because her marriage is falling apart, and Maggie's husband is literally begging her to stay out the latest murder investigation.  Once more the smitten Roger Bedard appears, reduced to playing games with police resources to get Maggie's attention.  (Seriously dude, at 8 months pregnant, could she be any more married?)  Inevitably the murderer is revealed as he acts completely out of character.  While the author has cleaned up her use of French, this book could have used some major editing.  The author has a great backstory in Maggie's husband, Laurent, and yet she never uses him, except to rescue Maggie from some fiend. These books could be so much better.  It's really disappointing.
1,What a depressing bore!
1,Rohan and Sioned's son Pol is of the grown up variety now, and he gets to start doing the fantasy adventure thing himself.		Star scrolls, dragons, other and different opposing types of magic, the odd concerned parent, a girl or two are some of the things he has to deal with.
1,This book was so boring and cliche I almost stopped reading it halfway through. The author repeated herself over and over... How many ways can you say shes pretty on the inside. If I could give it zero stars I would have.
1,This book must have been written for other men because as a woman, I was not particularly entertained by the author's preoccupation with his sexual conquests and prowess.  I expected more interesting insights and experiences about the cultural adaptation of an Englishman to living in Paris, but instead was bored by his immature and adolescent thoughts and behaviors with French women, which we hear about in excessive detail.  I don't think I'll be paying for future books about his adventures.  I've already got the message and it isn't what I was hoping for.
1,I'm sorry I have to give this book a bad rating, but I would NOT be being honest if I gave it any rating higher than two stars. Probably like all the other people who bought it, the cover drew me in with this book. I loved it, and liked the storyline. But, dumbie me, I didn't read the sample of the book given. I spent around 8 bucks on it, and now am sadly regretting it.		There's many problems with it. For starters, it was flat out hard to read. I read right through it simply because at the time, I had nothing else to do. When you start reading it, it really does sound good. But then, the flashbacks come on. The author constantly interrupts a good present day story with annoying flashbacks that make sense, but just don't fit well with the story.		Another thing I didn't like was the style of writing. He names the "creature" as all of these really weird names, and there was this odd spiritual being that seemed to be talking to the characters. . .I honestly couldn't tell. It was just really confusing and hard to read. To make a long story short, there it is.
1,A 13 year old child has better grammar. Not saying that the book itself is bad but in order to create a world for others as with any book at least spell words correctly and put them in a decent sentence where they are not jumbled together and out of order.
1,I wanted to love this.  I've read all the previous books and loved them. In fact, Real is one of my all time favorite books, but this didn't work for me.  I did like Greyson a lot but I really didn't like Melanie.  There was just something off about this story.  I'm not sure if the author rushed this one, but some parts of the story were inconsistent. I know this is a minor detail but towards the end of the book Greyson says to Melanie, "You're Melanie Meyers Dean". Where did the name Dean come from?  Even when Greyson met her parents he called them Mr. & Mrs. Meyers.  For $7.59, I expect better editing.
1,I am so tired of reading about dysfunctional people and families.  Much of the novel is unbelievable and I don't mean the Sight or the magic!		It is unbelievable that Anthony would continue to love a girl he hadn't seen in years - since their early adolescence.  Anthony is too good to be true!  Romantic but not realistic.		SPOILER ALERT! What is so interesting about keeping a dead baby in a trunk for 50 years? Not heart-rending, but appalling.		The writing style was confusing and turgid. Confusing - how could Itsy as an old woman also be the young Liz at the same time?  Doesn't make sense to me, unless one uses the term "Magic" to cover every flaw.		Sorry - I wanted to like this book becauase I married into an Italian-American family, but could hardly finish it.
1,Absurd names, however it did gave us a good laugh.  We demanded a refund.  Seems like someone just slapped this book together after googling some names on the Internet.
1,I haven't read this book, but I did just read the author's blog post about the book on the Huff and Puffington Post.  If her historical and theological research is matched by the gibberish she wrote in the 1st paragraph of this blog post, then reading her entire book would be painful to the say the least.
1,This book is a compelling read as usual.  Once I was done, however, I had a big of a sense of emotional indigestion.  As this series wears on,  I get more and more irritated at Delaware -- he's sooooooo cynical, and does he ever have patients anymore? Also, the women characters tend to be unpleasant, or crazy, or at best stupid.  Will I keep on reading the series? Probably, but I'll probably keep on complaining too?
1,I will keep my review short as not to hypnotize you. save your money. snap. you are now fully awake.
1,I didn't like this book at all! I never finished reading it. There too many excerpts from other books giving to much time and definition to evil beings. Not my cup of tea at all
1,This is one of those books that is downright PAINFUL to have to read aloud to your kids. The names of the charaters are so strange and it's hard to even pronounce some of them. And I almost laughed outloud at having to utter the words "Flutterfield Flutter Flower." The illustrations are okay which is why I gave it 2 stars...vibrant pink and purple and everything shimmers and sparkles, so that of course is why my 5-year-old daughter was attracted to the book in the first place.  This was our very first Mariposa Fairy book and I am going to do my very best to steer my daughter away from similar books in the future.  No redeeming qualities at all in the story. Just...bad. Negative desire to ever crack it open again.
1,I want my $3.99 back. I was sorely disappointed. I've been reading sci fi all my life and this book was Boring. Giant asteroid circling the planet, leaving molten dust clouds burning the planet, then suddenly leaves?!  Ok. That form of destruction could have been better thought thru. The entire story line revolves around the people on the ship. Who cares. Ark? What does that mean? I'm sorry, but I give a thumbs down to this book.
1,I purchased the patents and sage books..loved them both..5 stars..this one seemed less applicable..more generic..
1,The inside flap and quotations state Blair Tindall's "Mozart In The Jungle" does for classical music what Tony Bourdain's "Kitchen Confidential" did for the restaurant business.  Bourdain's book is extremely entertaining, offers great insight into his industry, and crackles with the author's personality.  "Mozart In The Jungle" is sadly nothing of the sort.		  As other reviewers have noted, Tindall alternates between dryly presented music industry information and her personal experiences.  The industry information reads like a college freshman's research paper.		  The personal information is not particularly shocking, interesting, or well-written. Starting in her early/mid teens, Blair drinks, smokes pot, and has sex frequently and impulsively. Blair tells her readers she has a "beautiful dress" fantasy where she wants to be a beautiful, glamorous performer everyone worships.  Maybe this accounts for the laundry list of men she has slept with and her inability fo have a meaningful sexual relationship for any period of time.  The almost all of the friends and peers she describes lack depth and character development. She seems to think it will be shocking to inform us that some classical musicians even use (gasp) cocaine, although she does not.  The fact that many classical musicians have the same vices/problems as jazz and rock musicians (and the rest of society) did not come as a big revelation to me.		Those interested in musicians' lives would do much better by reading Maynard Solomon's "Mozart", "Miles" by Miles Davis,  "A Long Strange Trip" by Dennis Mc Nally, or "Bill Evans: How My Heart Sings", to name a few.  Oh, and Tony Bourdain's books shouldn't be missed either!
1,I know that forgiveness unlocks a life of freedom and there are some practical suggestions in this book toward that end.  However, I did not feel it was necessary to expose the sins, failures and sordid upbringing of the ex-wife to public scrutiny in order to get the message across in a powerful way. Did we need to know about the bulimia or pregnancy by another man in the woman who remains the mother of Jason's children in order to understand forgiveness?  There are others whose stories of betrayal and discovery of the healing power of forgiveness have more profound betrayals than Jason's.  His is an average betrayal, experienced by great numbers of people and not something that qualifies in significance to write a book about.		By providing too much detail exactly what the betrayal was there are readers who find it minor in comparison to their stories which are horrific in comparison to something that is rather "so-so" in the magnitude of the sins perpetrated by others.  Thus the book limits itself with too much detail that left me thinking "is that all you had to deal with"  I found nothing heroic about his forgiveness of the standard adultery story.  I did wonder though of children who will read this book as adults knowing these details of their mother's life which a kind hearted and actually forgiving person would not have trumpeted to the world		Betrayal is the stuff of human drama and loss.  Few of us will have the opportunity to write a book about how we have been "done wrong" and our great spiritual victory in overcoming the sins of those who betrayed us.  Few of us will get to, in the name of God, parade what was done to us and shine the light on our personal overcoming through much pain the sins of a partner.  If there is some serious forgiveness work it would be the ex wife forgiving a father in law and ex husband for sharing the sordid details of a life derailed by childhood abuse and sinful adult choices.		Lastly, few of us will have a father who more or less has a nervous breakdown over our loss or who is so incredibly enmeshed in a his child's marriage.  Perhaps if we heard the ex-wife's story we would understand how that enmeshment played out in her poor choices.  I would suggest to go to the source of forgiveness instead of reading this book which I found shameful in the sharing of details not necessary to impart truth about forgiveness.  In fact, I think sharing those details could be someone's revenge fantasy...
1,This a fun quirky book that I read on my e-reader, but there were so many blank pages and so little content that I felt the book lacking in substance. There are few good ideas, but no meat.
1,It is hard to believe this man is considered one of the best authors.  The beginning was pretty good but really went downhill.
1,Left a lot to desired. Characters were not very well developed. Alternating characters was a good touch.
1,I've been making wine for about 4 years, from kits and from whole grapes or fruits. I have also read several books on winemaking, and am always looking for helpful resources. This isn't one of them.	Pros:	It was only $.99.	Cons:	It's for kit wine makers only. This is not obvious from the title.	There is nothing "ultimate" about it - mostly common sense advice. I've found one can make good kit wine simply by following the directions included with the kit.	The book refers you to a website that has no content.	It's obvious nobody proofread this.	If you're attracted by the low price, you can find much better information and advice by visiting free websites and forums.
1,I hesitate to write a negative review on a Catholic (is the author Catholic?) novel, but I feel that future readers should be warned.		Warning: Mature subject matter. It's all about intimacy (lots of unnecessary details here), sex, a little about abuse, a lot about what NOT to do if you are trying to stay chaste while dating.		I was really disappointed in this novel. I have read many beautiful Catholic romantic novels that don't make me feel like I need to go to confession after reading!		Read this instead:	Joy in the Ordinary by Theresa Fisher		Angela's Song by Annmarie Creedon		Anything by Ellen Gable
1,I was never so glad to see the girls loose their internet.  Reading what happened twice was exhausting. Decent storyline  once you got past that.
1,I loved the writing and story line of this book until the end.  There was no end.  You never find out why things happened.  It just skims over a few of the plot lines with, "I guess we will never know."  What was the point of the book if you couldn't find out why everything happens?
1,This book is a plageriam, it was actually a young Saudi woman named Salwa Aededan who wrote it.  The Saudi courts have found it to be a forgery and a plagerized work.  BTW, AMAZON IS SELLING A PLAGERIZED BOOK AND IS STILL MAKING $$ ON IT.  SHAME ON YOU AMAZON. CHECK IT OUT:		[...]
1,You know "those" people - the ones who attract trouble and then insist on sharing it with you? Jane Eyre is one of those.		The book starts in the same place as the first&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Harry-Potter-and-the-Sorcerer-s-Stone-Book-1/dp/059035342X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (Book 1)</a>book: Jane Eyre's parents are dead and the people she lives with dislike her and put her through hell. Also like Potter, Eyre is sent to a boarding school - but despite this book's Gothic tones and ghost scares, you won't find any supernatural elements.		At the school a teacher believes in Eyre, pushing her to build character and competence. When Eyre finishes, she becomes a governess with dreams of building her own school.		In evaluating this book, you have to remember when it was written. It breaches literary "rules" often, the kind that would never get past a slush pile editor today: sentences that are adjectival train wrecks (in one sentence I counted six adjectives to modify one noun), authorial intrusion (when you're a fair way into the book, suddenly Bronte starts addressing the reader directly), and she calls readers stupid ("I cannot expect the reader to have the same intuitive perception, so I must repeat his explanation").		While Bronte's writing skills are poor, and her storytelling average, this book became a classic because of its characters. Love them or hate them, you'll want to get to know them at least once.
1,I thought I was back in the first grade again with some of the dialogue in this story. Such as "Hello, my name is John. You are new here."  "Hello, John, my name is Paul, I am new here. I came with the New workers."  ...."You must be hungry. Come we will go to my house to eat."....and off they go to John's house. Then some of the sentence structures reminded me of reading scripture verses. Bare bone facts without any descriptive writing to draw you in and make you "see" the story. I couldn't even finish the story. It was too much work filing in the holes as I read. Although, now that I think about it,  my version isn't half bad....maybe I have a future as an ebook author...hmmmm...
1,It to went in the garbage
1,I picked this book up with high hopes, because I loved the Memory, Sorrow and Thorn Trilogy.  I made it through about 1/3 of this one before I gave up from intense boredom.  I didn't care about ANYBODY.  I'm holding out for another trilogy in the MS&T world, but I'm not holding my breath, since I guess Williams is finishing this one first.
1,Good characters, but had a hard time believing their actions
1,Have not read this yet...I gave it 2 stars because it was listed through one of the "free e-book" listings, was listed on Amazon as being $0.00 when I ordered it and then I discover that I have been charged $3.27 for it! I *RARELY* purchase books for my Kindle...easily 96% of my purchases for the Kindle are free books. Just a note of warning: sometimes even though the e-book says it is free on Amazon..it might not be.
1,Far, far from "Steel Magnolias" quality.  The writing is second rate and the plot silly. I kept skipping pages waiting for something to happen! Made me want to turn to a classic to clear my mind.
1,Contains possible spoilers. I have to take the minority opinion on this one. Although this book has some beautiful language and great characters, I found the constant switching between storylines and POVs tiresome. I realize that the characters don't remember their past lives and so grope in the dark and only gradually (very gradually) see the strings of their invisible puppeteer(s).  Perhaps the author sacrificed clarity to maintain the bleak secrets of human existence for a few more chapters, although the reincarnation and good-versus-evil themes were obvious early on. (Life in Plato's cave is just too depressing for me.) But if nothing is real and all is permitted, concepts of good and evil are irrelevant, which makes the struggle for Solomon's ring and its powers irrelevant. This is the first in a four-book series so the cliff-hanger ending (literally)sets the stage for the next installment--hope the major characters survive so they don't have to start all over again. I have to ask why the prologue gives away so much. The crusader story starts at Acre in 1291. So, we know at the beginning that Broussard and Khali become lovers, survive their adventures and return to France--only to die in 1307 at the hands of the Inquisition. Kind of kills the suspense.
1,This book was just another recycled Harlequin.  It was written in 1993 but republished as a much more expensive hardcover in 2001.  The title says it is a "classic" romance, probably as a shaded disclaimer to let the reader know that the leading man is a pushy male chauvinist pig.  If he displayed this same kind of lecherous behavior in this day and age, he'd be slapped with a sexual harrassment suit.
1,I had enjoyed Book 1 ... and I decided to try Book 2.  Big mistake.  I couldn't get past about 30% while reading more pathetic behavior and instant "love" in the form of sex that simply didn't seem to have any basis ... as the story devolved into nothing but sex.  I kind of like some character with the sex ... this was NOT my kind of book..
1,I loved the story until the end. I like the traditional ending that are happy and I like books that leave me feeling happy and this book didn't do that. I really really liked the story until the last couple chapters.
1,the story line of the novel was good but I guessed the person responsible from the get-go. the extensive build up of the plot overpowered the short climax.
1,I have read all of this series and enjoyed them until this one. The author switched publishing companies, raised the price and it seems as if someone else wrote this book compared to the others. The writing style  seems off . Too much into her own head and the regular characters are now in the background. If this is the new direction she is taking it is boring to read .
1,Too many words, too few information. Despite the good intentions of the author, this book is full of silly examples that doesn't help to understand the main concepts of the Austrian school of economics: tv shows, boiled rats (which is an awful and tasteless case of study), supposedly famous people  (I never heard about). After reading the 336 pages of this book, you get may be less information than an article of the Wikipedia, which you can read in 15 minutes. If you are interested in the Austrian school, I sincerely recommend you to read the original sources: Human Action by Ludwig von Mises, The origins of money (Carl Menger), Principles of Economy also by Carl Menger (when available in Amazon, soon I hope ). Just think in Austrian school economic terms: the time it takes you to read the 336 pages of this book, could be a better invest reading one of the original sources.
1,Interesting story, but too much detail.
1,Although I may be in the minority. For me, this story was an emotional roller coaster without meaningful characters. I give it a rating of 1 1/2 stars.
1,Too many holes in the story
1,after faithfully reading the "Vampire Chronicles" from the start Anne has produced more of the same old.... in this book.  I, for one, am not interested in the history of Italy during the Dark Ages.  When reading fiction the author should not try to impress with his/her knowledge of a given subject.  I felt like Anne was simply filling space to qualify Vittorio as more than the short story it should have been.
1,I don't believe a word of it.
1,I did not realize it was the exact same book until I got to the part when Animal got the card from the Attorney to go to the Original Sin secret club. I said wait a minute, I read that before. I guess they think their readers are stupid.
1,I have read and loved all of Elizabeth George's previous books and I mean ALL of them. But Just One Evil Act was just terrible--very poorly written. It could not have been written by Elizabeth George!		I really wanted to find out what happened to Hadiyyah and I love Barbara Haver's character. But I couldn't bring myself to finish the book, after forcing myself through 250 pages.		The gratuitous use of Italian was irritating and pedestrian. For example, "He took a pianta stradale from the shoulder bag he carried....." and "I mind not in the least...Nel frattempo, I shall be looking at the other calciatori on his team...". The Italian, interspersed with awkwardly worded sentences, is just too much to handle.		Reminds me of Thomas Perry, another writer whose books I have enjoyed (Butcher Boy and the earlier books in the Jane Whitefield series). His recent books (Poison Flower) have been poorly written, with implausible plots and little character development.
1,This was a very dark book. Very slow and not well written. This is one book I can't recommend to anyone. The only thing I can say is if you like science fiction and can understand this book your weekend to it.
1,Please note review of  "December 1941" where comments leaned to the right. This work is the opposite. Regardless worth the read.
1,I found the book boring and full of cliches.  Can get that kind of stuff on FaceBook every day.  Would not recommend.  There are a lot more knowledge based and inspirational books out there!
1,I was surprised to see the average was 4.5 stars. If you're not mechanical I don't see how a Hayes Manual would be helpful. For me, Hayes is typically filled with information like; Chapter 6: Engine Removal. Step 1. Remove engine,
1,I will keep this review short.  This novel began confusing and boring and ending confusing and boring. No wonder it was for free.
1,It's actually a pretty good storyline so far, which is why I gave this two stars instead of one. What I absolutely hate is this trend of writing 40 pages and making people purchase a book in installments.  It's like you get to read for 1/2 hour then need to pay to read the next 1/2 hour. If I want to read a good book, then I want to pick and choose how much time I get to spend curled up on the couch reading. It's like the author is not confident in his writing and wants to get what $ he can as soon as possible. I'll save my money for someone who wants to write an entire book.  Can you imagine having to read The Stand in installments?
1,I really liked Take Me Home for Christmas, which was book 5 in the Whiskey Creek series, so when Brenda Novak asked if I would be interested in reviewing Come Home to Me as well, I jumped at the chance. After reading Come Home to Me, however, I kind of wish I could go back in time and decline. I really hate giving bad reviews on books, but I was asked for my honest opinion about this book, so here it goes.		I've never been a fan of the big horrible secret because it gets too messy and is sometimes difficult to forgive, but when done right it can also be a really great plot point and as I've said before I'm a big fan of second chance romances. With the second chance romance and the big secret, I thought there was no way this book could go wrong. Plus, I really liked the secondary characters in Whiskey Creek and was excited to see them all again. Aaron and Presley had some pretty decent chemistry and I enjoyed seeing how they both had changed. The addition of Riley as a possible threat to Aaron and Presley becoming a thing, however, reminded me too much of the Ted/Sophia/Eve triangle and that was a bit of a downer.		Overall, things were going pretty well until the 15% mark. This is when I lost it with this book and if it hadn't been for the fact that I had volunteered to read this book for an honest review, I would have put the book down and not finished it. The subplot that is introduced in this moment of time is by far one of the most ridiculous things I've read in a romance novel. It was straight out of a soap opera and felt horribly out of place, in what until that point was a well written book/series. There is no possible way that what is planned and eventually carried out will be remotely close to a good thing. Unless Novak reverses her plan or the end result is the alternative (which I'm hoping it is), this will blow up and blow up huge...in a way that the original horrible secret never could have. And if the whole thing wasn't bad from the start...it gets worse around the 86% mark. I don't have a sister, but if I did, I'm pretty sure that this would never, ever happen.		The end was ridiculously predictable and was as quick and tidy as a Hallmark movie. By that point though I was just done with the book and I don't know if I'll be able to read any more in the series. A teeny tiny part of me wants to know how the hot mess implodes, but I just don't think I care enough.
1,Please note that this review is not intended as, nor should it be construed as, an assessment of Mr. Bruno's skills in and/or knowledge of the private investigation profession. I personally consider Mr. Bruno to be one of the premier investigators in the nation, especially in the area of covert surveillance.		As a licensed private investigator, college instructor of private investigation courses, and an experienced covert surveillance operative, I can personally tell you that the title of this book is highly misleading.  This book contains little information regarding actual covert surveillance techniques/procedures - certainly nothing worthy of the title.  As always, be fully aware of what you are purchasing and you won't be disappointed.		Bruno's book is good for those investigators that have the time and resources to equip a van specifically for covert surveillance.  I can personally tell you however that I, like most private investigators, perform the vast majority of my surveillance activities using my personal vehicle, which I have equipped accordingly.  So if you are looking to equip a surveillance van, this book might be what you are looking for; other than that, I would advise against purchasing this title.		If you are looking for a title that actually contains useful (emphasis added) surveillance techniques/procedures, I would highly recommend: "Covert Surveillance: The Manual of Surveillance Training" by Peter Jenkins (ISBN:  0953537803).  I have had the pleasure of reading this fine text, which I consider to be the only covert surveillance techniques/procedures book worth recommending.  Unfortunately, I have been unable to find a copy for purchase.		As always, check with your local library or bookstore to see if you can read/review this or any title before deciding to make a purchase.  This method has effectively allowed me to make the most of my investigative library budget.		I hope you found this review helpful. [...]
1,New ways of governing are unrealistic in these times or even in the past or for seeable future.
1,I was at the book store and they had a deal for this book so I decided to read it and see if it was worth purchasing. Although the illustrations are beautiful and the moral of the story is good I was very thrown off by the use of the word STUPID in a children's book. I decided not to read the book aloud to my kids and thought how STUPID of them to put that word in a young children's book. Definitely do not recommend unless you want your children learning a new word. There are plenty of other books about bullying and bad behavior that do not contain bad words.
1,I thought this would be about a search for Hitler's son. Instead the narrative is mostly a long, drawn out discussion of Hitler's evil with reference to Nietzsche and other German pundits. Not what I was looking for at all.
1,This book was a disappointment from beginning to end.  The story felt so rushed and amateurish.  I don't remember the other books being so devoid of substance.  To be honest, it felt like I was reading the most recent Laurel K. Hamilton book.  The Adam character was almost whiny with Mercy becoming the "strongest" character in the book.  Frankly, having the writer give us Mercy's take in narrative and then having the other characters simply echo the writer's point felt like lazy writing. For example, having Mercy's narrative that Coyote shouldn't meet Adam's eyes let me get the picture perfectly.  But then Coyote would say "He's thinking I shouldn't meet his eyes," was overly simple writing.  Then, there seemed to be a lot of wasted humor that came off as petulant and whining from Jessie and again, much of the character's interaction was just reiteration of the writer's narrative.  I hate to say this, but if Patricia's writing style continues like this, she should relegate herself to the "young adult" genre.  There is a lower standard of talent needed in that area.  It was very difficult for me to finish the book and the series is now in the same category with Anita Blake and Sookie Stackhouse.  Both of those writers (Laurell K. Hamilton and Charlene Harris) have also done a very steep decent into painful, simple reading.  Pains me to say it, but that's what this book felt like.  Lazy, simple and an insulting read.  It felt like Patricia thinks she has her fan base wrapped up and is now cranking her books out in one or two nights.
1,I gave up after very few pages. I couldn't find a story, the characters were stick figures.
1,Very violent and dark
1,I've read several of Stephen Quayle's other books, so when I got this one, I was expecting a lot more than the book delivered. This fictionalized account is....juvenile? in its writing, and almost boring in its storyline. It jumps around too much, and the characters are shallow and unbelievable. Its like something a high-school English student would have written, not someone as talented as STepehn Quayle. Very disappointed in this book. I would not recommend it.
1,Well, this started out interesting, but then it fell, not only flat, but not understandable. I had a hard time trying to figure out what was even going on. I think this story could have been written better though. The fault is on the author here, IMO.		The characters' actions sometimes made absolutely no sense, and were so unrealistic, I actually found myself struggling to picture the story happening. Also, a lot of times it was not clear who was speaking, or what they were speaking about, or even what was happening. I had to read paragraphs over and over to finally grasp what I had just read. And then after that, I'd think, Why would THAT happen? Or, Why on earth did she let her mother do that?
1,Nonsensical. I mean literally, nonsensical phrases strung together OR the most basic "get over him" advice swirled into unnecessary wordiness.
1,I haven't read a Discworld world for a while, picked this up in an airport. This is just not a good read. Way longer than it needs to be, neither characters nor settings are interesting. City Watch Commander Vimes is on vacation grousing over a dearth of bacon sandwiches. Crimes, but no hi jinks ensue. Yes, we find that goblins have a culture and artistic sensitivity. But so much time is wasted by the time we arrive at the climactic river scene I was just thumbing forward to the end. I expect even completists would be disappointed by this one.
1,I was compelled to finish this which is why I gave it 2 stars instead of only 1, although I just skimmed to the end to find out how the mystery resolved.  This book had an interesting story line, but the writing was so poor, and the character's actions so unbelievable that it just sank the plot.  The narration is completely unimaginative until she gets to the love scenes, where the style changes to this florid, cliche'd bodice-ripper type of language.  The love scenes were just icky to me, I think one because I didn't like the characters and two because they were super smutty.  They weren't sexy at all to me, just gross.  The characters respond in ways that are totally unbelievable.  It's like we're supposed to forget our good sense because this is a romance novel.  I didn't like this book at all and won't be reading anything further by the author.
1,I couldn't even finish the book. Historically inaccurate and written using odd language.
1,Condition of the book was terrible
1,This was one of the worse books I have ever read.  Nothing to keep me interested. Very boring. Really didn't make oat of sense.
1,What happened to R.K. Lilley? Her Tristan and Danika trilogy was the best work she's ever written, it was the zenith of her career. I followed her faithfully with each new book after that, but they continued to be disappointing. That neon colored serial, the 4th book in the Up In Air series, and now The Other Man. They were all terrible. I'm in disbelief that R.K. Lilley is actually the author of this book. I'm seriously wondering if we'll ever get anything as great as the Tristan and Danika series, or even anything HALF as good, ever again.
1,THEN COMES MARRIAGE is a sequel of sorts to Ridgway's FIRST COMES LOVE.	Honor Witherspoon, jet-setting heiress extraordinaire and recent kidnapping survivor, wants to settle into "normal" small town life in Hot Water, California. So apparently Daddy Witherspoon pretty much *buys* the town for her. Whether it's the whole town, or just the historic district (which was troubled financially in the first book) and hero Bram Bennett's company Enigma, is never made clear.	Daddy also buys Honor a husband, because, even though she's survived under his benign neglect for years, she's his baby girl and he doesn't want to leave the country with her unprotected - his theory being that even a purchased husband will protect his bride. How he does this is never made clear, one of the biggest beefs I have with this book - just vague threats of financially ruining the town or something. The husband of choice is Bram Bennett, rich technogeek extraordinaire, who simply wants to be left alone - he shut himself off from everyone after the tragic death of this first wife.	But there's your setup: Bram's saddled with a bride he doesn't want and knows she won't stick around b/c she's a spoiled little rich girl who will want to go back to Beverly Hills soon anyway. Honor, who apparently doesn't have the backbone to stand up to Daddy's wishes despite being a grown woman determined to get her way in every other arena, also views the marriage as temporary. The whole town, on the other hand, thinks they are in love and gushes about the newlyweds and how Honor will change solitary Bram's life for the better. Even Dylan, the tough-as-nails hero from FIRST COMES LOVE, waxes sappy about the "true love" Bram and Honor share to a nauseating degree.		How these two fall in love is actually kind of believable - kind of. Both Honor and Bram are pretty psychologically scarred, so they're kindred spirits in a sense, and grow closer by supporting each other. It was believable enough to keep me from hurling the book against the wall. Well, that and one really hot love scene involving surveillance equipment. There's also some cute paranormal type elements - apparently *something* about Honor just doesn't jibe well with electronic equipment, and as a consequence, Bram's "Fortress" (which is reminiscent of the automated house in Jayne Ann Krentz's ABSOLUTELY, POSITIVELY) suffers from her presence, especially Bram's robotic dog, Fifo.	Secondary to the plot is the arrival of Daddy's assistant, suave Josh McCool, and his relationship with the full-figured and sweetly shy Mia Caruso, Bram's housekeeper. These two were actually nice to read about, and I wish they had more air time, so to speak.	There was a dopey subplot involving Mia's dad claiming he'd been abducted by aliens, but given the slight paranormal elements introduced by Honor earlier, it wasn't that far-fetched. There's other stuff, like the fact that this town actually has a knitting club that is the social hub for all the women and an equally bizarre fellowship for the men, as well as the fact that Honor's kidnapper comes back to haunt her (not literally), but these aren't really worth mentioning.	Overall, this book did not impress me. I wasn't annoyed enough to not finish it, but I didn't want the characters to stick around once it was done - in fact, the only thing that is sticking around is the lack of reason for Bram and Honor to let themselves be manipulated into the situation in the first place. If it was set up in FIRST COMES LOVE, I sure don't remember it, and dollars to donuts I'm not the only reader. The marriage of convenience is an oft-used device in the romance genre, and in the hands of an expert, it can be a thoroughly enjoyable story, but given Ridgway's failure to set up a more clear, believable premise, it's clunky and falls flat.	This marks the second Ridgway I didn't particularly care for, which means she comes off my auto-buy list. For a better Ridgway experience I recommend WISH YOU WERE HERE. For similar but more enjoyable romantic comedies, check out Rachel Gibson's SEE JANE SCORE or Susan Andersen's GETTING LUCKY.
1,The book is a characterization, revealing the idiosyncrasies of each that we came to love in To Kill a Mockingbird and a couple of new ones. The greatest figure to rear its ugly nature is the South accurately depicted here within the novel's era. The epitomization still rings true on some levels today. Some may find this hard to take as did I. If you would like to continue as a fan of To Kill a Mockingbird, and the Atticus, as portrayed beautifully on screen by Gregory Peck, do not read this book.
1,Surprisingly dated and predictable.	There are other better references available on the topic.
1,So much action, and so little time to recover.  Some good aspects of the story, but on and on and on with the running, the beatings, the threats and the dragging Norlan form here to there.  I didn't enjoy this book at all.  I am exhausted.  Better stories out there.	Cookie cat
1,The author is obviously talented, but this is an uninteresting book on an interesting topic. 50% of it was rambling filler. Albeit coherent and intelligent sounding rambling, rambling all the same. I would liken it an extremely athletic person exercising alongside a hopelessly unfit one and showing off how fit they are. Complete with the clapping between push-ups and backpedaling while the fat guy struggles up a hill. We get it, you're a witty, intelligent guy. Also, the idea and act of writing the book is discussed many times. Some may find this interesting but it seems like filler to me. Imagine if there were a few scenes in a movie where the actors sat around a table discussing said movie's script.
1,All these problems magically disappear...... It's like a bad Tyler perry movie. 10,000 problems magically whisked away. I don't know if I could give opal another chance or not
1,This final story in the sisters trilogy is more more violent than the previous two. The horrors of war overshadow the romance. I finished this but found it disturbing. Like all Kelly tales it is well written so if you don't mind the gore and horror you would probably give this a 4. I personally do not want reality such as the systemic use of rape in war in my romance.
1,self drama, no plot
1,the second book in the series was only slighly better than the first. if my brother that reccomended the series didn't tell me it gets better i would of stopped here
1,I picked up this book as it promised to be an edgy novel...which is what I like. And I'll admit, as I started reading it, I was drawn in. But as I kept reading--and I'd say I was over halfway through, I just didn't feel compelled to read any further and found that that edginess I so wanted had all but disappeared. I'm sorry to say I couldn't finish this book.
1,found story line boring, without caring for characters.  Stopped reading after 100 pages and moved on to next book !  First two books in series were very good.  This third book has no grip on my imagination.
1,I really disliked this.  It took 118 pages to say nothing of any substance whatsoever and the claims made for it are laughable.  I suppose I have a very different world view than the folks that seem to like it.		I got a copy of this book from Story Cartel, in exchange for an honest review.
1,OMG I mostly hated this book. Gabe was an a hole w/ small glimpses of sweetness. Mostly he was cold & a jerk. He used his fears to emotionally bash Mia. Ugh & Mia pissed me off. The crap she took from Gabe. She was so needy which didn't work b/c Gabe was a jerk.		There is a lot of sex in this book which usually makes me say hell yes. Even though Gabe & Mia were a toxic couple the sex was hot. Yes Gabe apologized in the end but he did that many times in the book & then turned around & was an a hole. I don't trust him.		A lot reviewers compared this book to FSOG. I loved FSOG so obviously to me I don't see the comparison. The sex scenes were much hotter in this book though.
1,I grabbed a sample of this book, as is my usual habit when I am unfamiliar with a particular book or author. When I received an almost immediate private message from the author, postulating that when he noticed "The Last Bar in NYC" on my "to read" list, he wrote, ". . . that list isn't the best way to determine someone's sincerity toward a book."  Really.		Well, I read it, as I do all my "to read" books.		Unfortunately, I couldn't relate to the story, nor the rough language.  This book is begging for an editor, too, and I believe subsequent republication would help it immensely for its targeted readers' further enjoyment.  The premise of the story is good; it just needs a boost.		I wasn't let down by the book; in fact, I was neutral, expecting neither greatness nor mediocrity when I began; it was all new.  I gave it an honest review.  Not all that is written is for everyone.  I don't expect every reader who picks up any one of my books to love or dislike them.  It's all a matter of taste and comfortableness, as we all know.		Sincerely.
1,I highly dislike this book because it is very dry and boring to read. The inside pages are filled with just black ink. There is no color, pictures, or diagrams/features to make the content more appealing and easier to read. It is a struggle to read this. On the plus side, it gives good detail but is repetitive. It is also ambiguous on what methods work and which ones don't. DO NOT RECOMMEND.
1,as his way of telling the story.		This was my first book by the author.  I like his writing style but not the retrospectives.		I may try another.
1,In Theresa Schwegel's "Last Known Address," Chicago Detective Sloane Pearson is not a happy camper.  Her colleagues in the Sex Crimes Division harass her with their stupid pranks and immature gibes; her boyfriend, Eddie, barely speaks to her anymore; her dad has a serious heart condition and a much younger girlfriend whom Sloane detests.  She turns to work to blot out the misery that is her constant companion.  Her latest case involves a series of assaults on women, during which the perpetrator chokes and rapes his victims.  The women have not given the cops any solid leads.		Working this case only increases Sloane's cynicism.  Her superiors and partner offer her little support, the women she tries to help cooperate reluctantly, if at all, and she gets the feeling that every situation she encounters is a mountain to be climbed.  What she tells a rape victim applies to her, as well:  "From this point on, nobody is going to care what you think.  Even if you're right."  As she follows up numerous leads, most of which prove to be dead ends, Sloane becomes incredibly frustrated; however, she stubbornly persists in her investigation even though her bosses want her to shut it down.		This is a tough read, for a number of reasons.  Schwegel's staccato writing style, laced liberally with police jargon, profanities, and non sequiturs, is off-putting.  Her use of the present tense is awkward.  Another annoying tic is the author's tendency to change points of view from third to first person.  Worst of all, however, is the book's unrelenting negativity.  There is barely a likeable character in the entire novel, including Sloane herself.  If ever there were a candidate for psychotherapy, it is she, but Sloane is too stubborn to visit a shrink.  She would rather lash out bitterly at those who wrong her than find a way to cope with life's vicissitudes more effectively.  "Last Known Address" is a disjointed and unsatisfying police procedural that is, unfortunately, both grating and depressing.
1,What is wrong with writer and publisher that they feel the need to denigrate, to put down, to insult the reader? I have a whole bookshelf of excellent books on sausage making and meat curing. I'll skip this one.
1,This book is just ok. Amazon lists this book as geared towards children 4 years of age and older...I totally disagree.  The words and story are far too simplified for anyone over 3 years of age. (My 4-year old daughter, who loves most any book, was completely bored.)  However, in my experience, the younger the child, the more colorful the illustrations need to be in order to keep their attention.  This book certainly does not give young children the visual stimulation they desire.  The illustrations are done in a collage style with each and every page being extremely dark. The full backgrounds of many of the pages are darkly colored bricks (which takes up most of the page).  If your child is attracted to the front cover of the book, s/he may enjoy the book, but if not, the illustrations only get darker and more confused.  As far as all the Amazon reviews praising the illustrations, I can only assume that they have been written by adults with an artist's eye who truly would appreciate them, but I can't imagine many small children finding them to be even the slight bit interesting.  All in all, we were not impressed.
1,I bought this as a gift for a friend.  Alas, she was not impressed.  She felt that the author so often repeated herself by telling the reader what she planned to say, then telling the reader what she wanted to say, and then telling the reader what she said.  I got the impression that my friend chose not to finish the book.
1,One of the worst  "terrorist plot" stories I have read in a LONG time. There is VERY LITTLE ACTION in this book.	A good portion of the book is about a sailing trip, so if you sail, you might like it. I didn't.	In addition, we are treated to several accounts of clothing, eating, resting, along with a brief  rescue of 4 refugees on a raft....all stuff that has little to no bearing on anything, except that the pages had to be filled with SOMETHING.	The premise of the book was very elementary and the flow of the book was very uneven. On at least two occasions I paged back thinking I must have skipped a few pages.  The main character is one-dimensional, the terrorists are about as dumb as they come, and the volcano ....well, you'll have to read the book. But you'd be better served by reading something else.	Happy Reading...	.	Luckily this was a FREE read.
1,While the pictures are pretty, and the patterns are ok to follow, there are some typos that make it difficult to understand at times.  The finished projects don't strike me as being very contemporary, some actually remind me of Little House on the Prairie.  This product was not what it claimed to be.
1,Kindle readers take note:  In the description of this book it says:		"including Stephenie Meyer's Annotated Playlist for the book with linking to and back from text"		All throughout the book there are sections that are underlined.  And, not just your usual underlining of passages that you can turn on & off on your Kindle - there is absolutely NO way to get rid of these underlines.  I had to have Amazon refund my purchase - I have read The Host before as a hard back book several years ago, and wanted to re-read it on my Kindle... I just wish there was another Kindle option for purchase, but this annotated one is the only one I currently see.		Very distracting underlines - just plain nasty.  I felt bad giving this review one star, because the book is five stars - I'll keep checking back in hopes that I can change my review if they remove the annotations.
1,This this could have been a nice little read but the animal lover thing went way too far.  Sleeping with eight dogs and letting assorted barnyard animals run amuck in a beautifully residence?  Sounds like some serious mental issues to me.  Made me just pity Livvy and hope that Sean got her some serious help.  The end also was a bit vague as to what they finally did with the property.  Am in two minds as to whether to give the next two books a go.
1,Vague and overly academic, and a bit pessimistic and paranoid.  Definitely for undergrad students or amateurs -- anyone familiar with information technology or the internet will sense how hollow this book is and regret the purchase.		For an extraordinary read on the same topic, consider Bit by Bit, by Jeffrey Tucker.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Bit-by-Bit-How-P2P-Is-Freeing-the-World/dp/B00S085TRS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Bit by Bit: How P2P Is Freeing the World</a>
1,It's obvious that crime stories are rarely credible. But they have to be intrinsically credible. Father Brown knows things which he cannot possibly know. His predictions - which always turn out to be true - are mostly just too implausible.
1,There were elements of this book that could have made it great, but it was just okay for me.  In the beginning, there were sooooo many characters introduced that I literally lost track of who's who and who was actually speaking.  But I trudged on.  Kennedy is going to college were her older brother Gage attends.  Kennedy does everything in her power to not let anyone know she's related to the hot manwhore Gage, which immediately put me off, especially since they repeatedly said these two could pass as twins.  I always sensed Kennedy had a chip on her shoulder, or something bad happened to her in high school, but that was never really explained until very late in the book, then I was like, "that's it?"  Kennedy gets into a class group with quarterback star Shay, whom EVERYONE on campus wants to be associated with.  For being in college, this high school mentality caused me to eye roll a couple times.  The repeating theme of people only befriending Kennedy because of Gage or Shay was just that - overly repetitive.  Now, there were redeeming parts.  I loved the drama that happens, because I loved Shay's protective nature.  But seriously, just how much drama can happen to one person?  Sadly, too far fetched to be believable.  I love a good enemies to lovers trope but there just wasn't enough backstory in the beginning to understand why Kennedy was so reserved.  I also had a hard time reading her character.  Was she the ballsy girl who didn't let anyone walk all over her, or was she this walled off person with trust issues?  I think this book just tried to put too many storylines into a single book that made it really muddled for me.
1,Not a review of the book because I haven't been able to read it yet. I couldn't get past all the formatting errors and misspellings in the first few pages. Won't bother continuing, I'll try another version.
1,Not very good
1,Nothing like what I usually read, so I'm really out of my comfort zone here. Seems like a hook up of "1984" and "The island" interspersed with Hunter Thompsons " Fear and Loathing"
1,Good Heavens! The names of the characters are so trite. Cade? After about 20 pages I read the ending and doubt I missed anything.
1,This book had very little historical facts. Save your money if you enjoy delving into the truth about events. When the author painted Lizzie has a person who could make "another Lizzie" to walk around and do deeds for her while she was actually physically in another location, the book lost all credibility with me.
1,If this is her first book, she shouldn't try to write another.  I love books and bookstores and this was absolutely boring.  Her story line was ridiculous and she was very good at throwing titles around and assuring us of her supreme intelligence.  I was bored stiff and finally just started skimming.  I hate not to finish a book.  It was lots of titles and sex lines to make it appear like she was really trying to have a life, I just really got tired of her, period.
1,In most cases, I've found that movies made from books are not as good as the original.  However, in the case of the James Bond books, the movies far surpass their original sources.  This is an opinion from one who read the Fleming books when they came out but found the movies infinitely entertaining, even if a bit creaky now.	William Boyd tries to mimic Fleming's style with a plot all his own;  the good news is that he succeeds pretty well but the bad news is that the writing is flat, uninvolving and unexciting.  Name-dropping does not delineate character and the tendency of Bond to tell the reader every single detail of the aciton slows it down.  In this, he has revealed the weakness of Fleming, too, as this is similar to his style		The two stars I've given this are for the creativity of the plot, even if many elements were torn from actual headlines of the mid-l960s.  Putting Bond in Africa is certainly original, even as his typical misogyny and racism are still present.  Only for the real Fleming afficianadoes.
1,I always finish a book that I've started even if it means skipping through boring parts. I couldn't finish this book. It just didn't hold my interest and didn't seem to be going anywhere. I struggled to understand the beginning of this book which was an intro to Mitch during his childhood, and then it skipped to him entering the coffee shop and spilling his guts to customers (and they to him). This is one book that I'll delete.  My apologies to the author.
1,The dialogue is very unnatural and unrealistic.  I found myself thinking over and over again that kids that age just don't use those words or phrases or have discourse of that character.  So in my opinion, the author comes off a bit pedantic and the characters do not seem real, but rather just extensions of the authors intellect and ego.
1,What a bunch of garbage.  Couldn't even get through the first chapter.  Waste of time.
1,You can read the editorial review for the plot.  I just want to comment on the wordiness of this book.  The story could have been told more effectively in half the words.  The last third of the book, I basically scanned, just to get the answers I needed.  The subject's past was such an emotional carousel -- up & down, thinking this, now that -- aghh!  It was so annoying & wordy -- not enough action for my tastes.  One of the other things that really bugged me was the seemingly lack of communication devices during the time most of the story took place.  It all happened in the 1990's and most communications were done by letter and telegram.  I was beginning to think I had misunderstood the decade & reread the beginning.  In the 90's, I would think that email or even telephoning would be more prevalent -- especially in the wealthy class of characters involved.  I am a US resident though, and these things may be different in Britain.  So, my summary.... the skeleton of the plot was good, but the body was just obese.
1,Yikes! I'm glad this book is free. Normally I read some parts of high and low stars to see if I want to read a book, However I didn't this time, big mistake on my part. If you are into witches, vampires and werewolves then this book is for you. I barley got through the first chapter and went to the last 3 pages, and the story by the way is a cliff hanger at the end. GAB
1,I received a free review copy of Darkest Vow by J. Newman, looking forward to an entertaining tale from the noir-era of mysteries. A story of dissolute private detective Joseph Riley who is hired by a beautiful heiress, Alexis Santorum, to recover her kidnapped husband, it has all the elements of the ear of the 1940s tales of hardboiled private eyes who claw, punch, and drink their way to solutions of tough cases.	A fan of the genre, I was a bit disappointed by the way this story was handled. The prose was a bit too heavy-handed, and the errors that crept in (such as a ten-legged cricket) spoiled a story that could have been a great read. Newman has the potential to write stories in this genre that would really entertain, and bring back the golden era of gritty mystery fiction, if hed eschew the overloaded  and sometimes distracting  descriptions. In this case, less would be more.	I give him full credit, though, for a good plot. Despite the purple prose which made reading difficult, he did a good job of keeping the reading guessing. I really wanted to give this story high marks, but unfortunately, the mechanical problems pull it down to just slightly below average.
1,Sex in 19th C. costumes. I'm not easily offended, but this was just too much, too brash, almost coarse. I quit at chapter 2
1,I bought this book because of the many positive reviews it has.	However, I had no chance to try it. I have no idea if it works, because the majority of sample foods he uses are hard to find outside the US.	The recipes are supposed to take 15 minutes to prepare... added the day you spend looking for the ingredients... For me it was a copmplete waste of time and money. I only wish I had known this before buying it.
1,Let's begin by stating that I know I am about the last person in the world to have read this book and I am certainly the last to post the review. That being said here goes: (If you haven't heard about this book look below for the summary)		Where do I begin with this review.  On this blog I am trying to concentrate only the books that I would at some capacity recommend to other readers. For the new year I didn't want to "waste" my time with books I didn't like. This book is an exception. I had such a strong reaction, that I have to write about it. In order to keep my thoughts organized I am going to write my points in bullet form.		  * A girl gets date raped on a high school campus and her friends ask her, what, twice if she wants to go to the police? Oh, you don't want to go? Okay, I won't mention it again. If you want, instead of the police, you can have other high school students do a "trial". Oh okay! That sounds like a great idea. Yes, rape is serious, other high school students "trying the case" is perfect! I wanted to smack the friends for not pushing the police more. If Alex kept saying no, they should have at least kept trying.	  * So Alex decides having other high school students listen to the case is the perfect solution. So I have moved past that part. And now I have to read how The Mockingbirds make the whole situation into a game. Secret letters, gum wrappers on trees, laundry room meetings. Are you serious?  A girl was RAPED and they are doing the same things they do when they are trying a cheating case. It's treated as a play!  It's all a joke!	  * Before The Mockingbirds are convinced to take her case, they pass around a vote on whether a girl who doesn't say yes, is still saying no.  ARE YOU KIDDING ME? They are leaving it up to the student body to determine if it's a winnable case. In this day in age, do we really need to argue this case? What if the voting had come back against the incident being labeled as rape? "Oh, too bad Alex" We don't think we would win, so you are on your own."	  * So The Mockingbirds have their fun (they start taking points and cake away from Carter (the accused). They take several months into actually bringing the case to "court" MONTHS!!!!  This isn't a cheating case!  They aren't investigating anything! What exactly is the hold up? What exactly are they doing that they can't listen to the case right away?	  * Where are her parents?!?! Okay, so Alex doesn't want her parents to know. Not that uncommon. But she is away at school - she sleeps at this high school - and not once do we hear about the parents call her once. If I was away at high school, I know my parents would be calling me to the point of me needing a stalking complaint against them. And yet, not once do Alex's parents call.	  * As this mock, senseless trial comes around the corner, Alex begins to doubt that she did enough to prevent the rape. She has connected with her music teacher and decides to visit her to talk about what she is feeling. Remember, this teacher is an adult! Finally someone that is going to have some sound advice. Nothing!  NOTHING! I think the most emotion we got from this teacher was a pat of the hand. No crying, no I'm sorry, no "do you want me to go to the police?" Nothing! I don't think she even drove Alex back to the dorms. It's disgusting.	  * ***SPOILER ALERT*** So the "trial" takes place. Carter is found guilty. Oh what does that mean you ask? So glad you asked. That means he doesn't get his points back which allow him to go off campus on Fridays, he never got his birthday cake, and he is off the polo team. Yup. That's it. He is still going to that school. Alex is still going to that school. No one (outside the kids that really know about The Mockingbirds) know what was going on. No adult - minus that horrible excuse of human music teacher - knows. But hey! He was tried by high school students. That should be enough right?		These are only the HUGE things that bothered me about this book. There are plenty of smaller things that irritate me about the book. I have heard of many readers that loved this book. They felt this book opened the door for young adults to talk about a scary circumstance they may find themselves in. But to make it sounds that having other teens try the case is good enough is horrific. This was the perfect opportunity to show how the law can help. And if victims choose not to go to the law, at least show how family can be there for you. The entire book disgusted me. I'm sure many would disagree with me. I am ok with that.
1,Sorry I can review this book. It was not interesting. I skip through it. Do not post this review today.
1,David Gilbert creates wonderful characters and writes brilliant sentences. But there is glaring flaw with And Sons. At the heart of this big, very traditional, humanistic novel is a silly scientific conceit which makes it impossible for it to move to any kind of genuinely moving or cathartic level. He thanks a lot of people at the end  so why didn't at least one of them point out this problem? Such a shame.
1,Slooooow. Finally gave up.
1,Disappointing after all the hype. The plot was twisted and unpredictable, which was good, but I stopped caring about what happened because the characters were so uninteresting. The story was told from the point of view of three female characters: Rachel, the primary character, was whiny and weak, still pining for a broken marriage with a nasty two-timer; Anna, the woman he cheated with, didn't come to life at all; and Megan, a neighbor of Anna's, seemed to be calmly narrating her fate even while expiring. In any case, I failed to connect with any of them. And the male characters, without giving the ending away, were disturbing and violent. It takes more than these one-dimensional people to make a mystery novel interesting. This one failed to deliver.
1,"All Things Austria" aims to be a comprehensive travel guide to the country of Austria, paying particular attention to landmarks in Salzburg and Vienna. Personal reflections and snippets of helpful information season an easy to read guide. For a basic overview, it's helpful. For serious travellers, the book comes up short on unique experiences.		The travel guide has some serious shortcomings for any tourist planning a stay in the lovely central European country. "All Things Austria" never strays away from paths heavily beaten by visitors to savour secret delights and local favourites or hotspots. When I go to a place, I want to see it how the residents do, not just as a random American or British or Australian tourist trudging between overrun points. Similarly, I look for a healthy balance of famous monuments and diamonds in the rough when assessing a guidebook.		Some of the highlights -- Schoenbrunn Palace, a UNESCO heritage site -- are expected no matter the guide, but the rest of the Vienna chapter reads like a cookie cutter list of top 10 "to dos" that shows up on almost every website or travel guide. That leaves something to be desired.		The writing style is friendly, informal, and almost a little too casual. No wading through dense patches of text lifted from the 1911 Encyclopaedia Britannica here! The charm is in the author's passion and interest in Austria, and the anecdotes that filter through. However, some good editing would improve the book's professional feel greatly. In places I feel like I'm reading compiled blog or web articles stuck together.		Most of the sections are complemented by bright photographs, maps, and illustrations. I'm not sure the graphic choices best suit the material. I would have liked more detailed shots -- as a tourist, I use photos to orient myself to unfamiliar locations. Salzburg's charm or Innsbruck's beautiful architecture deserve higher resolution photos.		This is a quick read and an easy introduction into Austrian culture, geography, and landmarks. As a primer to a country you might not know about, it's a fine little resource, but not so helpful on planning my two week vacation through the country. I would like more content, better photographs, and deeper personal suggestions or recommendations from someone who knows and loves the place.
1,This was not one of my favorites at all. Sorry, but I won't be reading anymore.
1,I don't often feel like writing reviews of books that I didn't enjoy at all, but this one won a prize, and I have to express my frustration with the individuals who awarded that prize.		The action or the `plot' or whatever you want to call the story line sounded as though it might be interesting in the first few pages, but it turned out to be completely confusing for me.  That may be partly my own fault, since I was incapable of staying awake during most of the time I was reading the book.  I thought about reading it over, deliberately and carefully, to see if I could follow the action and make any sense of it, but the prospect was just too uninviting.		For me to be interested in a story, the characters have to `come alive' and seem real (at least to some extent).  I have to have at least a minimal interest in them and in what happens to them.  Not a single character in this book had that effect on me.  The two little `heroines', past and present, probably came closest, but both of them were depressive and dreary.  The `negative' characters, the multitude of evil bankers and their associates, I couldn't tell apart.  Nor could I figure out much of what they were supposed to be doing except that it was greedy, illegal, and very insensitive to women.		I don't know what constitutes `good' writing.  I believe it is a question that people differ about and that it is quite all right for them to differ, but for me, at least, this book is clearly an example of just plain `bad' writing.
1,I DID NOT LIKE THIS BOOK AT ALL.I STRUGGLED TO READ IT THROUGH. THERE WERE A LOT OF TYPOS,BUT THE STORY LINE ITSELF WAS ABSOLUTELY UNBELIEVABLE!  WOULD A WOMAN ACTUALLY GIVE HER HUSBAND TO ANOTHER WOMAN,WITH A SMILE ON HER FACE???.FAT CHANCE....... IF HE WAS WORTH A HILL OF BEANS, SHE  WOULD FIGHT TO KEEP HIM
1,This could have been a decent book to read. However, it went way too long saying nothing. I only finished it because I always finish a book.
1,The kindle edition of this book emphasized the problem with history books and rapid "Kindelization."  The author choose poor formatting, coupled with pictures too small.  A perfect example is the Saturn V stack image with lettering too small to be legible. The book itself is too small to give viable details of important events, while repeating less critical points.  This might have been a good summary for a larger, more detail/researched book, but as a standalone volume, it is poor.
1,I was invited to read a free copy of this book, in exchange for a review, via NetGalley. I've read Shields before and wasn't overly fond of The Stone Diaries. This book confirmed what I previously thought.		The prose is wonderfully written and I enjoy how Shields delivers details. What I don't like is the plot. The first 150-pages, nothing more than character development, bored me senseless and, if I hadn't been asked for a review, I would've given up. The two love interests finally meet on page 167. Then, just as the story begins, the book ends.		Ironically, the best review for this book is a quote lifted from the book itself: "Just a love story, people say about a book they happen to be reading, to be caught reading."
1,This book was probably the biggest waste of money that I have spent on a book. There was no magic. I don't take my clothes off and thank them for their service. Who else does? The practical ideas she talks about are not new. Save your money.
1,Much too scientifically academic for me.
1,True to its title, you get to the goods pretty fast.		Tamara is a widow of a race car driver who died in a spin-out. Two years after her husband's death, Tamara decides that she's ready to dip her toe in the dating pool again. After breaking up with a dud who didn't get her engine going (pun intended), she bumps into Elec Monroe, a rookie race car driver. It's lots of lust at first sight. Since they can't keep their hands off each other, Tamara and Elec must figure out how to navigate the complications of their lives.		Generally, this is pretty much a pure fantasy. A mom finds a younger stud who thinks her stretch marks are hot.		I get that this is an escapist genre, but it got a wee too far-fetched for me at times, and the writing got annoying sometimes.	* Both Elec and Tamara talked like 18-year-olds. Okay, I can see Elec having a more macho, young voabulary, being a race car driver. But, apparently Tamara, a sociology professor, always says "awesome" and "cool."	 Elec was way too good to be true. A mid-twenties guy who just knows what to do with kids, and sensitive to the point of Mother Theresa. I know heroes are usually fantasities, but I like my fantasies with a bit more reality in them. Just my personal preference.	 The constant shifting POVs can get kine of  confusing and bewildering. One minute, we'd be in Tamara's mind, then the next, we'd be in Elec's.	 I hate to be a prig about this stuff, but this particular story had a few too many typos and inconsistencies for something this price. There were a number of times where clothes would spontanteously change mid-scene (dress pants became jeans, etc.)		All of my problems aside, I liked how the heroine was a mom and had to deal with complications of real life. I also thought that the issues that Elec and Tamara faced were real issues that most of us can relate to (not necessarily the race car driving, but the complications). It was nice to read a romance that didn't have a completely trumped-up conflict.
1,A rather boring book, overall. The characters were not well drawn, the story was boringly told and the writing was very simplistic.  Hardly a compound sentence in the whole book.
1,This price for this book in the Kindle edition is great.  The story not so great.  I would not recommend it even if it is so cheap.
1,For the beginning of a new series, this book was very ho-hum. Easy to read and fulfilled all of the "requirements" of a typical romance novel, but nothing else.		Thea and Gabriel are a likable couple, but boring. Thea was refreshing in that she wasn't perfect looking and was actually intelligent and loved because of it, not in spite of it. I did also love the scenes with the baby. However I was always fearful something would happen to the baby and ever since I had my own little ones, my brain can't handle anything negative happening to even fictional children.		I have always enjoyed Camp's previous works because she wastes no time in getting her characters into each other's arms. While this book follows the same patterns as all of her other previous books, this time the story felt flat. The twists revealed at the end were visible miles ahead and it was painful to have the main characters take so long to figure out the truth.		I sincerely hope the next books in this series bring back the humor and sizzle I have come to expect from my Candace Camp books.
1,I was dissapointed in Trace. I don't think Patricia Cornwell will ever top her first books. Trace was boring and it had no suspense whatsoever. I always look forward to her new books and hope she will do better.
1,Lost interest about a third of the way through.
1,The book has no pictures at all. Purchased for my grandchildren who could use more info. over all o.k. but lacking.
1,I have read a lot of Lisa Jackson books and this is the only one that I could not get through.  I think it was because I didn't like the two main characters.  What awful girls they are, why would anyone care about either one.  By the fifth chapter I was wishing that both of the girls would jump off a bridge and put all of us out of our misery.  Lisa Jackson love the first two books of the series but wished I had saved my money and not purchased this one.
1,It was a best OK, at worst, boring; it was a shoulda, woulda, coulda.  It was a good story that got mired in; too many characters, and too many 'jump cuts'.
1,Nothing new to me. Good for someone who needs an introduction to anything one wants to do in their life not just dieting. Could be more helpful with the mechanics of food and your body
1,Two stars were given for it being delivered on time and being a hardcover with some decent art.		It lost 3 stars because I was disappointed enough to pawn it off as a Christmas gift to someone I barely know. It was not what I expected. Every single page had a precolored background and every single page had at least one part of it precolored via print, I suppose to show the type of beginner what to go with for that photo. I would have at least given it 3 stars if it was only the first page of each chapter (split up via color) that was precolored, but it is definitely meant for someone who is not confident in their color palate choices, and it has to be somebody who at least has some good level of previous doodling/pattern drawing as there are several pages where there are only outlines of the picture, waiting for you to fill the patterns in yourself. Definitely didn't catch that part and definitely wasn't looking to draw, I just wanted to color. So it is as I said, I was disappointed.
1,Translation, grammar, something - it's off.  Super-compelling story; if even a quarter of it is truly accurate you'll find yourself saying WOW - assuming the subject matter interests you.  From my POV, though, that would be the only way you'd ever get through this.  The writing is abysmal.  A casual reader would never tolerate the clunky translation.  Wait for the movie or watch the Americans.
1,I wanted to read Sylvia Day because she had so many good reviews. It was a lot of smut with a couple of divorcee's and a few aliens thrown in. Seriously, I did not bother to finish the book.
1,very poorly written
1,but after reading all of these reviews, I went straight to my account and returned it for a refund.  I'm so bummed because I was SO excited to get the final book.  Now I find out it's not the final one at all.  It was already to the point where the story needed to be wrapped up.  I can't imagine drawing it out for 2 more books after this one.  I'll just wait until either a) the price drops or b) the library gets it.  Or I may go to a second hand book store and buy it later.  But from the reviews, it may not be worth buying at all.  Thank you to everyone for your reviews so that I could make this decision.
1,This book is super boring.
1,I liked some parts of the book, but it gets pretty  mean pretty fast. I was expecting a funny book. This one isn't.
1,Very shiftless and sneaky! I have to give this CD title a two-star rating simply because of the fact that the title 'Shock Rock Early Daze' deceives the interested purchaser. It is, in reality Uncle Alice's 2000 'Brutal Planet' CD, with complete different art work. Take it from me, if you don't already have it, get the original - if possible, get yourself a physical copy of the 2001 edition with several live bonus tracks. Myself, I've always been sort of partial to the rocking "Wicked Young Man" as he often still performs this tune while out on tour. Have to give credit where credit is due - 'Shock Rock Early Days' even fooled me at first.
1,Fairly fast 5 read, but it has flaws that were tolerable at first, but which crept in by page 300 and destroyed the story line. The story has way too much parental disfuntional confliction in the start and the one relationship dynamic is much too short to have developed to the level it attains at the end. The computer integration starts as magical in the beginning and enthralls the reader, but when it lapses into musical composition to communicate with a "Fried" AI it became unfathomable. "Right the Ship" was just too much of an oxymoron for a ship in space. Maybe stabilized the ship and give me gravity control? Yet, I think we did not lose the gravity control. Derelict with gravity control. OKAY The "ship glided down in the wake' of the skimmers on tow to the asteroid. Cute, but I hope the ship retracted it's wings for the landing. Give me a ship for compensation. Facts are it is good beach or swimming pool read, but the author lost control in the end. My suggestion, the writer should rein in the parental/child problems, develop the adult relationship to a more plausible level before the crash take off. Develop a station character in security to do the "bad man" twist on the ship after first rescue attempt. The parent made NO sense for the others to allow to go over the ship. Develop the AI into a survivable condition before returning to the station, as far as I can tell it is still a psychotic moron. "An ansible is a fictitious machine capable of instantaneous or superluminal communication." I could NOT understand the how/why of the communications arrays, it seemed the expense of upkeep and establishment made NO sense in what is presumed to be an uninhabitable system/place. Still, an outstanding effort, except for the cheerless dysfunctioning of people, and the end. The one interpersonal relationship flavored the story with a plausible, unseemly relationship between and adult and near adult. Summary, take it apart, rewrite and finally make the science fiction understandable. Thanks, Harry!
1,Michael Jackson Legend by Chas Newkey-Burden was in my opinion a good but very sad book. It was about the life of Michael but was brief. It starts where he was born in Gary Indiana. They lived in a very small house. All of the boys slept in one room. The home they lived in still stands.	It talks about how his brothers started singing and formed a group. One day Michael got up and just playing around sang a song and his mother thought he sounded like an angel. When his father Joe came home from work that night Katherine had Michael sing for him. It was decided he had to be a part of the group.	The Jackson 5 was formed and what their father did to them was deplorable! They were children! When Michael and his brothers came home from school they immediately had to start practicing their singing and dancing. Their father pushed them so hard their childhood was gone. If they did something wrong such as sing out of key as Michael often did (he was very young) his dad would lock him up in a cupboard.	When they started to go on the road to play in strip clubs and dives their father would bring women back to their room and sleep with them in front of the boys. This traumatized Michael. He knew it was wrong and he felt so sorry for his Mom.	As Michael grew his brothers would tease him and tell him he was looking more like their father every day. Michael hated his father! This is when he started getting plastic surgery done. He swore he would never be anything like his father.	As he grew older however he also started to have strange relationships with older women such as Diana Ross and Elizabeth Taylor and with younger boys such as Jordan Chandler and Macaualy Culkin. There really was never anything said of the relatonships with Diana or Eilzabeth but with the boys?	Macaualy states nothing inappropriate ever happened between him and Michael. He admits he even slept with him. However Jordan states that Michael did things to him. There was a huge court case that ruined Michaels life over this (instigated by his Mom)and probably for the most part his career. Jordan's Mom is a person that files different lawsuits against different companies and people to get money. How sad!	This took such a toll on Michael. Was this fact ever made public? No!! People to this day think he was a pervert.	It also talks about his marriages to Lisa Marie Presley(quick, secret) and Debbie Rowe(mother of two of his children) and his three children. Lisa Marie and Debbie remained friends with Michael until his death. His children were protected and well cared for. Michael was a great father.	I think Michal Jackson was an entertanier that will never be surpassed. He was marked by society as a pervert by a family that is known for filing lawsuits. This caused undue stress and depression that eventually killed the greatest entertainer of our time.
1,Hi, I really can't relate to nether of the main caracters. They don't dig into the evidence, just belive in the first they se! They oversee evidence and things that happens to keep on suspecting Mina! And I really would like the to have basic fakts clear: there are not annything called a hymen, it doesen't exist! It's a myth. Or whas it meant to be one of the things that doesn't exist in the real world?	Inastinct = "a largely inheritable and unalterable tendency of an organism to make a complex and specific response to environmental stimuli without involving reason" so why is Hugh always refering to instinct when he abviosly only goes by reason, and not a very reasonable reason as I see it?
1,It was easy reading but I didn't enjoy the book.
1,I feel bad giving this review - since the book was free.  I don't understand how this got the high reviews that it did.  Every other sentence was a long run-on sentence with as many adjectives thrown in as the author could possibly think of.  It was soo distracting that it was hard to focus on the story and what was going on.  I'm an avid reader and never have I found a book that was so bad that I just gave up reading after the third page.  Yes, I actually made it to the third page.
1,VERY OLD BOOK, THE TECHNOLOGY INFORMATION CHANGE, THE PAGES ARE SO OLD WHEN I RECIVED AND HAVE YELOW MARKS AND PEN MARKS FROM SOMEONELSE, AND SUPPOSE TO BE NEW		BUT BE CAREFUL THIS BOOK DATE ARE MANY YEAR AGO, MANY ADVANCES RELATED TO THIS TOPIC HAVE CHANGE IT AND WE HAVE A LOT INFO IN YOU TUBE AND WEB SITE, DOESN;T WORTH IT, PLUS THE TECHNOLOGY NOW IS DIFFERENT		THE BOOK IS BLALABLAVLABP;ABLAABAKLALAL IS HARD TO FIND THE INFORMATION		CONLCUSION BUT NOT FOR THIS BOOK:		1) IF YOU WANT A GIRLS HAVE SEX 3 TO 5 DAYS BEFORE YOUR OVULATION START SO LIKE  THAT THE SPERM MALE DIE BEFORE ARRIVE TO THE OVA		2) IF YOU WANT A BOY HAVE SEX RIGHT BEFORE TO HAVE THE OVLULATION AND DEEP PENETRATION, THE MALE SPERMS TRAVEL FASTER BUT LIVE LESS TIME SO WHEN THE EGG AND IS WAITING CAN BE FERTILIZE BY THE MALE SPERM, THE FEMALE SPERMS TRAVEL MORE SLOW, BUT LIVE LONGER\\		GOOD LUCK, TRY TO GET YOUR CALENDAR FOLLOW YOUR PERIOD START DAY AND YOUR OVULATION START DAY ACCORDINH WITH YOUR CYCLE, TAKE FOLIC ACID AND IRON BEFORE YOU TRY TO GET PREGNANT, I CAN SAY MORE BUT IS A LOT INFORMATION THAT I FOUND BUT NOT IN THIS BOOK
1,It took me a long time to come back to reading this novel.  First time after the Oprah recommendation i started but got stuck as it stretches out with wonderful prose but they don't get anywhere fast.  Parts of the story grabbed me but it dragged on too long in many places.
1,It would have been better if Blake, who doesn't even know Elena, would have left Sammy and Becky (you know her best friends?) alone and let all of the events come out naturally. I'm halfway done with the book and hate Blake. Go figure, I hate the main male character.
1,THE GIRLS  by Emma Cline	What a sad and depressing book! Inspired by the girls who followed Charles Manson and committed vile crimes for him, this book follows a depressed and lonely girl as she falls under the spell of one of the followers of a cult leader in the 1960s. Although some of the book is written from the perspective of an older Evie, most of it written as present day in the 60s.  Evie as a teen is depressed and depressing. Evie as a middle aged failure is even more depressing.  Skip this one! Well written but who needs it.	2 of 5 stars
1,Given the rave reviews of others, I expected an absorbing, thought provoking read. I found instead a book riddled with cliches, superficial character development and a predictable conclusion. Having just read Ian McEwan's Atonement, the contrast was dramatic. All That Matters would be a good fit for the condensed novel section of a traditional woman's magazine.  All That Matters is to fiction what Rod McEuan		(Listen to the Warm) is to poetry. Why do I feel that Jan Goldstein is hoping to cash in big with this one?
1,There was not much I liked about this book. The idea of an invisible dragon representing sin was ludicrous. The characters in this book were never developed and I never developed a sense of caring for any of the major characters. The minor characters were even worse. They seemed to be introduced only to fill pages in this book. I found this book very boring.
1,Did not like the ending.  Not sure what the author meant about the main character that did not put her children 1st or keep her promise to her.  Very disappointing.n
1,I almost didn't begin this series because of the glaring grammatical error in the first sentence of the first book. But I trudged on. I was thinking, hmmm....not too bad, but what is the deal with smoking and caffeine? Lot of words wasted on those topics which added absolutely nothing to the story. But I always give books a chance, so I finished Book 1 and started Book 2. Again with the obsessions regarding smoking and caffeine. And add a little racial grandstanding and a bit of homosexual defense and...much of the story was dedicated to absolutely unnecessary fluff as the author, I suppose, used a decent murder mystery as a thinly veiled soapbox. But, to my credit, I finished Book 2, very annoyed that the children of the white supremacist couple were going to grow up angry, act recklessly, someone would kill them, and everyone would blame it on the poor minority killer. What? Uh, what? I started Book 3, ran into the smoking fluff almost immediately and finally decided this series is one of the few that I simply cannot finish. The author needs to decide is she wishes to be a social activist or a mystery writer and write accordingly. We, the readers, could then choose our fare. In short, trite social clich disguised as mystery. Boring and annoying...
1,It only rhymed some of the time. It made it difficult to read. The illustrations were extremely odd. Why was one girl in a belly shirt? This is supposed to be for children. At least it was free so I didn't waste any money.
1,One of the most unimaginative, really dumb stories I've read in forever.  I quit at 16 percent.  If the leading lady was falling for the disgusting idiot next door I know I would barf.  Don't waste any time on this book.
1,This book is of very little worth. The jacket mentions a letter Jim Morrison wrote to the author yet the letter is not in the book. There are very few examples of Doors lyrics influenced by Rimbaud, which allegedly is the point of the book.
1,Mary K Baxter(an ordained Pentecostal pastor who is in complete disobedience to Gods word according to 1Tim 2:12) dreams up heretical false visions, which are quite common in the Charismatic community.  She's not alone in the NDE arena. Go to your local christian book store, and then go to the "Charismatic Interest" isle, and you will see many books to the like of hers. Visions, new prophecies, Near Death, dream interpretation, etc, etc, etc! You'll find the same books in the New Age bookstores too!	Baxter saw a false Christ in her vision, and the proof is in her book.  On page 113, she states:	"I was so sad and so tired.  I collapsed in the arms of Jesus.  And even though He restored me whole, I wanted to go far, far away-from JESUS, from my family, from everyone."	What kind of Christians wants to go far, far away from Jesus?  Well, the Jesus in her vision left her in Hell.  Doesn't God's word tell us that He will never leave us nor forsake us?  Apparently this "Jesus" was not trustworthy.  According to the word of God, Baxter received a revelation alright...from that old serpent, Satan himself.	Beware Christians...dont believe every wind of doctrine you hear!
1,I bought this book expecting much more coverage of the I Dream of Jeannie years.  Unfortunately, there's not a whole lot there.  Ms. Eden has lived a full and interesting life, however, she rarely delves into much of anything with a great amount of detail.  It was a quick read, but I was disappointed.
1,I thought it was a silly story and will not be reading any more of the series . . . .
1,The plot was good but the characters were horrible and the writing was appalling, reminiscent of That's Life! or True Confessions magazine. For me there was too much bad language. The F word, the C word, and words describing bodily functions at every turn. The characters come across as immature low-lifes and I felt no sympathy for any of them. The attempt to portray how the victim had been conditioned was a good try but next minute she would be portrayed as strong and independent which didn't fit. The villain's character was well done and the suspense was kept up throughout the book, but this was nullified by the cringe-making writing and awful personalities described.
1,This was just ok for me. There were too many grammar and punctuation errors for me to really get involved in the prose, and I felt the characters took a back seat to staging the briefly written sex scenes.  It could have been much better.
1,Feels predictable and a bit cliche
1,Intriguing story. As has been said before, editing was blatantly missing. She meanders on and on in unimportant and boring diatribes. And the voice of "the boy" often sounds like a woman. It felt like a victory to make it through. Don't start it if you're one of those who has to finish.
1,What a deception!, what a waste! It is hard to reconcile that the same author who wrote the brilliant and almost spiritual Harry Potter's books could have written this demoralizing and undignified novel about the tragic and base common lives of the inhabitants of a small English town; a parody of a mediocre and hurting Hell on Earth. It reminded me in some aspects of John Updike's writing at his darkest and most depressive. There is not one single truly loving soul to be found in that inferno...	It is Babel revisited...  So, author Rowling gave it a try at imagining how miserable life can be in a small community of resentful and narrow-minded people. I wonder why...? What would be the purpose of this kind of gray literature?
1,I agree with Martin Steen, who reviewed this below. The Mind's Eye dramatised 9 CD version is truly awful. The people who produced this obviously didn't have a clue. The character's voices were ridiculous :  Frodo with an American (!) accent, other hobbits with a ludicrous  screeching/gurgling sound, elves with voices like Mickey Mouse....pathetic.  If you want to listen to a good audio adaptation of Lord of the Rings, try  the BBC version. It features REAL actors of the highest calibre, such as  Ian Holm, the late Michael Horden and Robert Stephens, and many other  revered thespians. More importantly, it captures the spirit of Tolkien's  books with just the right mixture of heroic  suspense, magic, humour, and  awe. I've had the 13-tape box set for years and have listened to it many,  many times. I wish they would release this version on CD.  Anyway, in  closing, I'd like to warn fellow Tolkien fans to steer clear of the 'Mind's  Eye' American production...I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy.
1,This is by far the worst book!  I unknowingly bought this for Christmas presents thinking it would be a fun, humorous poetry book about dogs.  Instead it was a terrible bunch of poems that focused on their bathroom habits (primarily), unbecoming thoughts of their owners.  Anyone who allowed pictures of their beloved pets to be matched with these awful poems should be ashamed!  Do NOT by this book -- or I suspect any of the other books in this line.  I have sent apologies to the people I sent these to!  I am giving it a one star because I cannot give it NO STARS!
1,General knowledge. Somewhat dated...novice material. Hoping for more specifics and examples from experiences. The chapter on the end of life was the most informative.
1,After reading in the introduction that very little beef is eaten in  true Mediterranean diet, I find most recipes in the main cause has beef.  I was expecting fish but there are no fish recipes to speak of.  Disappointed in the book and not what I expected.
1,The ISBN of the newer one is 9780973094824.  I haven't looked at the newer edition and wish I had read the review that implied that there is a newer edition.		Who knows what has changed? It must be critical to have written a new edition, so the discussion may be worth the used book price, but you might be taking a risk with you dog's health to use this edition.
1,I was really looking forward to  77 Shadow Street as I enjoy the "haunted house" theme and hoping that Koontz would return to his his form of earlier years.  Previous reviewers have adeptly covered  the issues that  make reading this a bit laborious...doesn't really flow as a novel, the characters are too numerous and flat, too much descriptive repetition,....		If you're new to Koontz, read Watchers or Hideaway.		If you're looking for a fresh treatment on the haunted house theme, read David Golemon's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Supernaturals/dp/B005SVX4D6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Supernaturals</a>. Faster paced, creepier, much more fun and more importantly - it pulls you into the story.
1,I've done raw food for a while now and with all the 5 star reviews I thought 'hey, sounds good.' I know raw food 'cookbooks' are a crap shoot where you may like 1/4-1/2 of the recipes or none at all. While the author 'talks the talk' in the first part of the book, and believe me, he sounds impressive, I wanted to see if his recipes could 'walk the walk'.		First off, I give the layout, his story, and pictures, there are about 7 pages in the center of the book that are beautiful, 1 star. (mine never looked like that when I was done).		Then I selected a few I wanted to try that sounded really good. The veggie sun burger (inedible), cashew kreme cheese (this one was good, I use it like a cream cheese dip for raw veggies), raw slaw (not good), really raw ranch dressing (this smells like ranch but it's inedible), and the cushy carrot cake (this was not good - cake and frosting, both were inedible). When I say inedible I really tried to like them since this was to be my meal, but after a few bites I couldn't do it and had a regular salad instead.		After the cake failure, and I followed the recipes exactly, I gave up. Maybe in time I may dare to try another one, but not likely.
1,The paperback version of this book is printed in VERY SMALL print and unreadable unless you have very good eyesight.  I don't know about the hardback but certainly do not recommend the paperback version unless you have excellent eyesight and are young.  Content is good.
1,I like charts, tables and in-depth analysis. This book was too shallow for me. I have doubts that non-technical people will like it.
1,This was a disappointing book. Did not realize it was a college of short stories.. the first	 Could have been a good book if further developed. It will probably st  p further reading of this author
1,I purchased this book after reading Walton's previous book "The Lost World of Genesis One". I was very disappointed . After reading through chapter after chapter that seemed to be reiterating that the world of the Bible was an oral culture, I realized that the author seems to disregard modern biblical  studies that  establish pretty convincingly that many of the books of our a Bible were actually not written by the traditional authors or were written much later than the time period represented. He seems to just assume that the reader accepts a fundamentalist view of scripture. His whole point appears to be that, even though there are many discrepancies between the various gospels and other books, that scripture is really inerrant. He cites examples of trivial discrepancies and notes that they are trivial, but he does not mention major ones such as the totally different birth stories or the widely discrepant accounts of the Resurrection. Those reviewers who thought Walton was a "liberal" theologian were very mistaken.
1,Reviewing something this short is tricky because you really cant talk about what happens in the story without risking major spoilers.	This is a fantasy story with Lovecraft Ian horror elements which is all fine and dandy, but it is for the most part about actual people, and that tends to rub me the wrong way, putting words in real peoples mouths and all that, dead as they may be. It didn't bother me as much in this as I expected it to though luckily.
1,Having read every single Jack Reacher book, it seems the author either dedicated himself to literature over excitement, or like many other artists, may been getting super lazy. In any event, his absolute least enjoyable.
1,Harold Davis has started with a marvelous idea, teaching programming using a language available on all platforms, JavaScript, and an interface familiar to everyone, the web browser. Learn How to Program Using Any Web Browser is written for absolute beginners to learn the basic principles of programming -- or at least that's what the cover would have you believe.		The language is suitably light and simple, the book well-structured and broken down into easily digested chunks. The order in which concepts are introduced is fairly traditional for a language tutorial: first we get types, variables and statements, before moving on to conditionals, loops, and functions, followed by arrays and objects before finishing with event-driven programming. Davis' decision to leave string handling till last seems a little perverse and personally I would have introduced functions earlier.		My real complaints about this book centre on the abstract nature of the discussion. There are very few real world examples that could be useful to anyone. The best you get is a version of "Rock, Paper, Scissors" in Chapter 3, and an 'auction' application. The book would have been improved dramatically if the end result of your study was a few things you could actually point to.		I also have a complaint about the target audience for this book. The web page for the book at the publishers states that "The target reader is likely a twelve- or thirteen-year-old, who is just starting to get curious about what makes a computer work -- or an office worker who has been using computer applications for years, and would like to spend some time delving deeper into what makes them tick." Most adults and even teenagers don't want to 'learn how to program' as much as they want to learn how to use a tool to perform a task. If your tool is JavaScript, then it's almost certain your task is related to building web pages, but this gets little real attention from Davis. For even younger students, this book totally lacks anything to hold their attention -- the lack of real-world examples hurts here.		I also take issue with the title: this book doesn't really teach 'programming' much at all. It certainly teaches you to write JavaScript, but where are the sections about the real lessons of programming, such as top-down vs. bottom-up design, or breaking a task up into chunks? Even debugging has little coverage -- a single thirty-page chapter, half of which is specific to JavaScript or the throwing and handling of exceptions. Since the work of Papert and others at MIT twenty-five years ago, we've learned a great deal about how to teach programming concepts in a simple manner, but Davis appears to have ignored all this and given us a language tutorial. The publisher's web page for the book says "very emphatically, this is not a book about programming JavaScript." If that's so then I'd argue that it isn't a book about learning the principles of programming either.		It is obvious from this book that Davis is an excellent writer; if he had tried to write a book to teach JavaScript and had focused on the tasks for which it is often used this, volume may have been superb. As it is, he has shot for a higher goal and fallen far too short.		If you would like to check it out for yourself, you can go to the web page for the book where there is sample chapter, the Table of Contents (though they call it a "Detailed TOC" as distinct from the 'Table of Contents,' which is just a list of 11 chapter titles) and index, all in PDF format.		I went looking for a book that I could give to my 11-year-old daughter now that she has become interested in "what Daddy does." I'm still looking, I'm certain that this one isn't it.
1,This book was soooo long to be less than 200 pages.  There would be very dull sex scenes and then long stretches of them trying to avoid each other, talk about overdoing something.  I just can't imagine actually paying for and reading the other two books.  The only good thing about this book was that it was free.  I was only able to force myself to get to 65%, how horrible.  Not sure if I read the same book as everyone that left 4 and 5 stars.
1,This "book" has it's moments, and can be quite funny or even informative at times, however, it's also poorly written and difficult to get through. After about 2 chapters I couldn't take it and stopped reading.
1,This may have been based on a true story for all I know.  However, it seemed contrived and overly class oriented when we are not in India or old English society any longer.  I truly figured out the plot at the beginning and just hate that I spent too long proving I was right by reading this book.
1,The story premise was interesting, but the writing was unbelievably juvenile. The characters got on my nerves with the constant "F" bombs! I caught myself rolling my eyes inncessantly at the use of the word "sweetheart". No one talks this way in real life! The author needs to learn to use contractions! One of my pet peeves is the misuse of the word "also", and it was done repetitively. This story needs a good editor & then I would consider it readable. So sad when a decent story is ruined by terrible writing.		Summarization - I barely got throught this one and would recommend it only after a severe editing & condensation.
1,a poor man's Arkady Renko, stick to Martin Cruz Smith
1,I am so upset!!!!!!  There is a whole chapter of this beautiful book put in upside down and in the wronge order!!!!!  I have to send it back.  I had it on back order since Nov.  This is just outrageous.  So if you have not looked through yours yet, you better take a look.
1,Charlotte, living the iconic life of a 1960's wife - so  banal that I wanted to shout "Grab your power, girlfriend".		Allison, a widowed mother of a ten year old. Their link is that their husbands were BFFs.  Allison and her life are so flawless as to be unbelievable.		I just never cared about them or what happened to them, bless their hearts. It was a slog to finish. I think this book will truly appeal to those who either live or watch Lifestyles of the rich and famous.
1,I bought this book hoping to find out more about parrotlet care, training and behavior.  Instead, it reads like a mini0encyclopedia of all small parrots.  Most of the parrots listed in this book are not even seen in pet stores.  The author should SERIOUSLY think about revising this book OR changing the title.
1,Very disappointed in this book ... I did read it all the way through, but after the first chapter I felt like throwing it in the trash.  Sorry to say ... not like his old books at all.  Last one for me!
1,Did not enjoy this shallow historical romance.  Neither characters nor story-line were well developed -- very black and white with little suspense.  I'll not seek further books in this series.
1,I can't give this a whole star even...it wasn't for me at all it's very disturbing and I removed it from my kindle asap when I realized how dark it was. I like a mystery and like thrillers but I don't think I really paid enough attention to the description or other people who maybe reviewed it.but it taught me a good lesson to be a bit more choosey and don't go off what the cover looks like.
1,only read a little of it, but could see it wasn't for me.
1,I feel like I'm the only person on earth not to like this book, which I feel bad about, as it seems like the kind of thing I should like. It's post-apocalyptic (and realistic about it - no crazy, roaming cannibals, no eye rolling ridiculousness - instead it's far more focused on how society slowly rebuilds in the aftermath of a horrible disease). It's smart and it's well written, but I just didn't *like* it.		I think there were a couple of reasons for my dislike (which again, I put solely on myself - Station Eleven is, I think, an objectively good book that I just happen to dislike). They are:		1. The shifting plot lines. The endless time shifts both read as a bit too precious to me, but also sapped some of the tension from the story as I already knew pretty much who'd make it/what would happen in the earlier plot lines. It's a challenge to make the "multiple time periods happening at once" thing work in any novel, but I have found ones that have been riveting. This one just didn't do it for me.		2. I never really got that into any of the characters. I think part of it may be that I have an inherent dislike for characters who mull too long on the meaning of "their art" or "their craft" or whatever (which felt like pretty much all of the characters in Station Eleven). Or possibly I just didn't find them very interesting.		3. Most of the mysteries (who wrote the comic, etc. etc.) that I think were *supposed* to keep me interested just weren't time sensitive enough to be all that interesting. Like, I knew we'd find out sooner or later, but...whoever happened to write a comic just isn't all that riveting to me, even if it's tied to the main characters' lives somehow.		4. There was just this pervasive sadness through the whole book. I guess that's kind of the point (uplifting whatever even though the life everyone used to know is over), but I generally read for fun, not to feel vaguely melancholy for a while.		tl;dr review - it's not a bad book. I suspect many people will like it for good reasons, especially those who like melancholic, atmospheric books with artiste protagonists. I don't, so wasn't a huge fan.
1,Tee-tee bit same-same throughout.
1,Reads like a children's book...nothing really new here.
1,I honestly did not like the character. I thought the heroine was good. I think the book could have been written another way. Yes it wrapped up the series but it seemed the main characters were an after thought.
1,I love Robert B. Parker's books, and was looking forward to this "complete guide"--the contents sounded great. What a disappointment it turned out to be! The "comprehensive biography" of Parker is only 2 pages long.  That's not my idea of comprehensive.  The "exclusive and insightful" interview is only 5 pages long--and not very insightful. The "cast of characters" is just a 116 page list of names.  Here are 2 examples "Walker, Judy.(Potshot) Ex-wife of Dean Walker"; and "Fenton.(Perchance to Dream) A Coast Guard Lieutenant Commander." I didn't find it interesting or useful. The whole book is only 206 pages. In my opinion, the 116 pages wasted on the list would have been better used for detailed information on the main characters  (Spenser, Hawk, Sunny, Jesse, etc). Another 31 pages are taken up with an alphabetcal list of places where things have occurred.  For example,"Bow Lake, The Site of Evan Malone's cabin in Back Story." The plot summaries are not as informative as those you can get for free here on Amazon.  The 2 page summary of "Spenser on film" was very superficial. Where are the titles, air dates, cast lists, etc???  Not here.  I did like the 5 pages of quotes--but that's about it.
1,I NEVER RECEIVED THIS. I have memory issues, and forgot to follow up why.
1,Terry Goodkind WAS one of my favorite fantasy fiction authors. I have read most if not all the other books in this series prior to Severed Souls, but I'm closing the covers of this one at page 51. I didn't sign up to read a piece of horror fiction masquerading as fantasy. Sorry, Terry. Whoever persauded you to keep writing RIchard Rahl stories was not your friend.
1,Did not finish.
1,As much as I liked its topic, I found the book confused and confusing. It's mostly unclear in which time some events take place, while indications of place are mostly too detailed. It may have been difficult to come up with enough material for all the illustrous characters, but if there are gaps, why not just say so? Asbury makes clear at the beginning that this is not an academic treatise, but that does not give him the right to become unclear.	The best parts are the minute descriptions of the Police and the Draft riots, and I found the beginning quite gripping, but the book soon lacks its initial zeal and focus, and the biographical descriptions did not live up to their subjects. There is a surprising lack of enthusiasm on Asbury's part. You don't have to love your subject - you may even hate it -, but your interest should, to a degree, affect the reader.
1,I normally like all of her books, but this was just to boring for me to read, and gory, so I gave up on it as I could not get into.
1,I have no problems with beliefs that are controversial as long as it is SUPPORTED BY THE BIBLE. So many of her points in this book have zero basis in scripture.		Ladies, take out your Bible. Read. Pray. Obey.		That's how you learn to live a godly life. Do not take Ms. DeMoss or anyone else's opinions over the truth of the Bible. That will get you nowhere.
1,This book is horrible.  I'm sorry but I just can't read the whole book.  The female lead character is an air head.  Here is this "woman" who supposedly has all this ninja training, is supposedly psychic, and she quivers around like a helpless doll.  What?  The story jumps all over the place losing the thread and suspense.  I'm sorry I bought this book.
1,This book has been hyped based on the secret identity of the reclusive author.  Were it not for this hype it is hard for me to imagine that this novel would have ever appeared on any best seller lists, including sci-fi genre lists.  Not that this is a terrible book, it isn't, but it isn't especially noteworthy either.  It is a mediocre novel, the plot, the formation of the characters, the action sequences, and the dialoque, all mediocre.		I will not bore anyone with a plot synopsis as they appear all over this site.  This author took a smattering of ideas from other authors and wove them into this world he has created.  This would be fine if he had used other people's concepts and built enhanced or extended them, he didn't.  He wrote what feels more like a cut and paste job, let's pull three ideas from over here, two from there, and I like that one too.  The concepts don't hang together well, and at times it feels like he found an idea he liked and forced it into the novel.  This makes for some awkward scenes.		Some of the action sequences are okay.  Much of the plot is rather silly and the dialogue is generally weak and contrived.		I am a sci-fi fan and was looking forward to reading this book.  I must say I am disappointed and will not read the next two books in the trilogy.
1,Very dry uninteresting book
1,I tried really, really hard to like this book. And don't get me wrong, ND Wilson is a very good writer. The problem I had with this book is that it felt like it tried to hard. In an effort to be poetic and literary I struggled to find a significant takeaway point. I'm sure the problem was with me. But I don't know how to put it any other way. It just didn't live up to all the hype.
1,I found this book to be slow going.  Although I think the author is correct in that we have no soul or purpose and our brain and mind are nothing more than the hardware and software of a meat computer (my words here), I think the author spent far too long laying out those fairly basic concepts and not nearly enough time working through the interesting implications.  I found myself frequently skimming somewhat redundant passages out of boredom.  On the other hand, I'd be frustrated when he dismissed large sections of human endeavor (e.g. the possible predicitive value of understanding history) with a few simplistic comments.  All in all a good topic but the book failed to deliver.
1,Not much to this book except sex scenes with a thin plot wrapped around them. Still enjoyable at times. Just very predictable and boilerplate in the writing. Sex scenes were fine and formed the framework for this slight book.
1,Didn't enjoy at all-- tedious, all over the place.  I couldn't bring myself to finish it.
1,First, it's telling that ALL of the gushing four and five star reviews came from people who received a free copy of the book. Read the one to three star reviews from verified purchasers to get a more realistic perspective. I adore Valerie and her cooking  show but I don't think this book lives up to the quality of the show. Besides as other verified purchasers have mentioned, you can get all of the recipes for free on foodnetwork.com.
1,I like lonely planet better.
1,This book is primarily a collection of examples. Many are interesting and instructive demonstrating how to use features of Python to solve problems. He doesn't begin with the language structure, syntax, data types, statements, control flow, and object model. 1/4 of the way through the book we've seen some of these topics in individual examples, but they're not presented in an organized way. Thinking we MUST be getting there soon we instead jump into regular expressions for a painful amount of time and again with a disorganized set of examples.		Maybe this is some Zen technique to learn programming topics, but as an experienced programmer I prefer a logical sequence of topics to build knowledge. It also lets me bypass stuff I don't need like regular expressions. This can't be good for a beginner either who would have no idea what was going on.
1,I couldn't believe what I was reading. This book was so inferior compared to Four Blondes and Trading Up. I would not bother.
1,Life is so tough for this spoiled young woman that when they are in dire financial straits she heads to Italy and buys tons of gifts. Really?
1,Extremely poor and distasteful storyline.  I trudged along, hoping that somehow Violet Duke would wrangle an acceptable conclusion to this ill-conceived plot.  Her concept of a beloved, well-written romance is nothing more than a torturous installment of "The Jerry Springer Show"!		I would rather this work be categorized as a teen romance except they have more intelligence and shouldn't be encouraged to believe these sex scenes exemplify true love.  Exactly when did "Holy swizzle sticks" become an acceptable term to convey amazement?		I hate that my strongest emotion when I read "The End" was disgust at myself for wasting my time.  Flee this freebie...I do promise there are many other free options that are worth your time.
1,The story line was interesting but there were a number of things that just didn't quite make sense and I didn't like the author's style or voice.		The style of writing was distracting to me. While I appreciate giving a character voice and having some made-up words to give a sense of place, it was overdone in Fire Country. The English grammer was rather mutilated by using shortened versions of words wherever possible and even changing the spelling of words like "dirt" to "durt". If he had limited this mostly to when characters were speaking it could have conveyed the voice without being so annoying.		The main character is childish and silly at times, which makes it hard to believe in her strength. For example, she at one point makes an imaginary friend with a cactus and then has conversations with it and later, with other cacti, who she figures are friends of the first. It really adds nothing to the story or her character.		There are also a few events in the story that don't really make sense, but I don't want to be a spoiler.
1,This book is filled with anedotal refererence to shoplift.  I was surprised that the author did not spend more time in the heart of the shoplifting processing, namely the lower or county courts where humdrend of shoplifting storties are told with authenticity.  I also don't think it was smoothly written with a natural flow.
1,This book had awkward dialogue, silly relationships, and a tired plot.  I listened to this unabridged on books-on-tape and almost fell asleep at the wheel.  But, then, I think Meltzer was "asleep at the wheel" when he wrote this.  My kingdom for some good editing in this one.  I enjoyed his first book, but this one is a total waste of time.  I predict we'll see this in the bargain bin of the local dimestore.
1,Just took a long while to get to the point. A very personal book to the author but lacks an element to incorporate an audience.
1,The title of this book led me to expect I would learn about different ethnic and regional foods, such as the history and what set them apart. However, this book just consisted of pictures of dishes with a title. And I kid you not, one was "chicken salad." I have no idea how chicken salad is a famous European food. I do not think this book is educational or helpful.		It should go without saying, but this is my fair, honest, and unbiased review of this product, and I only buy products that my family and I will actually use. I have received this item from the vendor for free in exchange for my testing and reviewing the product, but this does not influence my review.		If my review was helpful for you in any way, please click the [YES] bottom below, which enables me to continue writing helpful reviews. Thank you for reading!
1,Seeing the source of this book I should have known what garbage it would have been. and was. I am a Michael Fan, but love to read the good, the bad and the ugly about him. the ugly I usually just laugh about knowing there is not much truth behind it.. LIKE THIS BOOK. Most of the books is quotes from others book. Latoyas book, Michaels book.. and whatever is not from that is from an "UNKNOWN SOURCE" which is really all they have to quote .. b.c i  don't believe that source ever existed. this book is garbage, but does have some nice pics of MJ in it which i think they thought were bad pictures, but I enjoyed them!
1,It's a brief review, but in scanning through it, it seemed a bit like redefining forgivness and having a new orientation to the concept.  Didn't seem to help me much get over it, unless I accepted the new definition at face value, then it seemed I already was there, so no need to continue on.  Maybe i'll have a more thorough look, but i doubt it, any time soon.  Or, maybe i should consider some serious therapy, but this isn't doing it.  Seems a bit foolish and self-trickery to get into the mindset where you convolute the reality to get to the other side.  I guess it's a bit of a stretch for me.
1,I have read Robert Freeman's books on oracle9i and Rman. Both	are real classics. I was expecting the 10g book in the same league. I must say that this book is not up to the mark. It skims through lot of topics and does not give good examples. After completing book, It does not give any lasting impression. Just Stick with Oracle online documentation and save Money.
1,Why do people convince themselves that they can become rich, happy, good-looking or (in this case) smart by reading a book? Reality Alert:  No one reading this book is going to "think like Leonardo da Vinci" even if they speak Italian, get a masters in the Renaissance Age and have a brand-new set of artist brushes. The reason da Vinci is so memorable is that he DIDN'T become a genius by reading a book or listening to a motivational speaker. He was, as the saying goes, a natural.		Da Vince, like Einstein, Glenn Gould, Henry Ford, Thomas Edison,  Louis Pasteur and Isaac Newton, had an inate intelligence and wide-ranging mind that worked differently than those around them which is why they continue to fascinate.  Not only is the author  factually wrong about what people thought and how they lived during that era, his conclusions seem guided more by affirming his points rather than from actual data.  The attitude of a European from that time is about as far from ours as an alien's would be. About the only thing we have in common with them is art and some sense of religion.  This point (different mindsets) should be noted before asking Leonardo advice on how to find our inner genius.		Let's face it:  We are what is bequeathed to us in our genes; we can only tweak around the edges as we search for knowledge. This may sound discouraging since it means we cannot become an artist,  composer, architect, writer, designer or chef simply by reading a book. The author keeps veering between personal, business and general genius, confusing insights with inspiration and as is common in works like this, repeating himself.  One could easily trim away 2/3 of this, state that the goal was to create a society based on aspects of da Vinci and be fine. Unfortunately he took himself too seriously since about half way into the book, one realizes that much of the advice is the author's - not poor Leonardo's.
1,What is going on with you John? Your Prey series is slipping to the point where you are moving down to a B author. 407 pages of poor writing skills. Sanford started out as an up and coming author. Now that he's famous, it seems like he is in it for the money. The story is so mundane. Letty is all of a sudden a police worthy brunette? She's a blonde, and a kid. Sanford gives her too much unrealistic undercover work for a kid. And Weather is so secondary she just as well shouldn't even been mentioned.	The story is so bad. Hoping Sanford turns a corner here and really allows Lucas to move on.
1,This is one of the books I picked up that I was most looking forward to reading. After having recently read The Scarlet Gospels by Mr. Clive Barker, another horror master, I was in the mood for some more thrills and maybe some chills. Yet, I found this book disappointing. I finished part 1 and read two more chapters to twelve before I could not read this book any longer. There was a lot of dialect and not a lot else happening in the story. There were a few characters introduced at a time, to get me the reader interested and to form a bond with them but there was nothing interesting about any of them. The worse part that I thought was the world. I was so looking forward to the world and what it was like. I did not get a good, strong sense about what the world was like and the story picked up after the disaster so no built up prior. Which if there had been some build up than this would have helped. However at 448 pages long, I could not commit myself to sticking with this book.
1,Charlotte is so spoiled you just want to hate her. The book starts out with her in a jam that her security detail has to save her from.  This goes on throughout the book. Her security guards is all she has, as her parents are too busy for her. Things lead from one thing to the other with one of the guards until it goes to far and compromises her.		For me I felt this was okay there were a lot of places where I felt myself skimming instead of reading. I was looking for more heat and less drama.		** I received a copy of this book from NetGalley in exchange for an honest review**
1,Don't waste your time or money. I usually like the fast pace of a James Patterson novel. This book almost seems as if was written by someone else. The story is just so contrived and unbelievable it was difficult to finish. It was a total waste of my time and money, so I hope I save somebody else from wasting theirs.
1,The author seems to think in clichs and mixed metaphors--which is to say, not very deeply at all. The book depicts a cut-throat world in which hip, young, urban men and women snap up hot new items and a backlash gathers steam. Each chapter reads like a piece from a newsweekly. Do I exaggerate? Here's one sample sentence: "Classical compilations with words like 'relaxing,' 'mellow,' 'chill-out' and 'soothing' in the title are flying off the shelves." If that sounds to you like the work of a thoughtful observer of culture, then you might like this book. As for me, I'm glad that I borrowed it from a library.
1,I was given this book by Netgally for an honest review.		 I am not going to lie and say that I wasn't terrified to read this book. After the train wreck from the last, it took me a good 10 minute pep talk to pick this up. I am a little glad I did. This was actually the best of the whole trilogy. And I am not just saying that because this was the last book. I actually grew to like the characters a little. Jesse chilled a little, Ava became less annoying and got her vagina back for a bit. It was all smooth sailing and I was a little impressed. Even excited. By jove, I think she's got it. Yay author lady, you actually have a story I can stomach. Applause all around.........		 Sighhhh then, I was slapped in the face with Chapter 26. It all went off the rails here, snit hit the fan. I was back to square one with these two and I was pissed. Really, you had to bring Sarah back in and Jesse has to go and act all friggen stupid about it. And Ava has to lose her va-jay-jay.. Once again the throwing of the Kindle began. I believe with this series I may have created a new Olympic sport. I mean it is the same thing if you continue to work for Mikal and he still lets Sarah work for him. Guhhhh And the snit where he cheated on her and he finally confesses the full truth to her. She realizes he has done nothing but lie to her. But wait she stays with him! All he does is LIE Ava. That's it. I really hate this man by now. And I want to slap Ava around, after she has the babies of course. Then we find out he never told her he was married and had a daughter. Sweet Jebus next we will find out that he was once a woman named Rita who stripped for JFK and was abducted by aliens. By this point this story truly lost me and I was pretty much done. But I had to finish so I did. More lies, more demands, more sex and there ya go. The only part I ever liked was when he told her to shut her fing mouth. That was it. Ok I am so done with this series. Good luck. So be warned, this series will make you want to castrate a man and punch any chick named Ava in the vagina. I want to rant so much more but I just can't waste anymore time.		My song for this book: Love the Way You Lie by Eminem ft Rihanna
1,Simply didn't want to wade through all the old world way of speech.  I suppose a "scholar" would appreciate it.
1,Another waste of money. Do not buy it.
1,I am abandoning this book less than a quarter of the way through. It's one of the most poorly edited prepper books I've ever read and that is really saying something in a genre that tends to be filled with self-published books. The grammar is so substandard as to give one a headache trying to figure out exactly what it is the author intended to say. Save your sanity and give this book a pass.
1,I had hoped this book would merge its two separate stories somehow but it never provided that.  I thought it had potential as individual stories but they were too divergent and did not develop the characters to any satisfaction.  Also, it felt like there was an undercurrent of a political agenda; too bad.  .
1,Reading fiction is all about suspending disbelief. Include this book under "Exhibit A."		The writing is ok. There were few typo errors. It started out well even though there's really not much depth. If you are looking for an alpha hero, this one would work for you.		*** spoilers ahead ****		I would have rated this 4 stars but 2 stars were lost after getting to a later scene with the h acting so stupidly. She gets a call from her evil dad telling her to turn in herself or else her mom and an ex-BF dies. So of course she rushes in right away. Ok, there's really nothing wrong with heroic acts, right? That's fine. Except she's pregnant!!!! So you risk your unborn child without a plan????? So what was her plan? Bring her cell phone and a gun which she has never fired? And then she finally fires it but she's so shaken and unsure even though her BFF was about to be raped and she knew she was about to get killed?  WTF?  No part of that whole scene talked about her concern for her child! I mean, really! Or did I totally miss it?!?		Sorry but though I wouldn't want my mom or an ex-BF to die for me, I would think twice, 3 times, a 100 times before I consider risking my unborn child. She doesn't call the police (but ok, of course heroines don't call the cops!), but she doesn't make contingency plans? If you really want to save your mom and friend, meet at a public place and do an exchange! At least! Duh! I go with you; let them go. You don't just turn yourself in and then what... nothing in return? And you have your BFF there with you! Oy...		Of course the hero shows up and all. And everything turn out ok. But the hero, who's so alpha, doesn't even get scold her for risking their child? Oy? And this is the alpha who gets mad when some guy looks at her!!! Sheesh!		After this scene, it was a struggle to finish.		Now this may not be an issue for you... remember what I said earlier about suspending your disbelief... but it was just too much for me. If she was already stupid early on, I would accept it. But she was smart enough to escape her father (or so she thought) then she acts stupid?		Oh, well.... good thing I decided to read it first in KU before jumping in and buying it at the $0.99 sale price.
1,I mistakenly expected this book to "timeless" simply because it was classic. It is, however, very much of its time. It references trends  and uses color plates which made it feel more dated than I expected. It's still a classic, I'm surebut not for me.
1,Despite the negative reviews here on Amazon, for somebody who really wanna know the life and style of Julian Robertson, I have no choice but picked this only book (I still cant believe it) on Amazon about Wall Street's infamous Tiger.		After reading it, I am obliged to concur with many reviewers here that this book resembled much a copy and paste of info on limited sources primarily printed material on Business Week and Robertson's private letters to his investors. You would never learn how the Tiger had thrived in the land of bulls and bears as promised on the book cover. Dont know whether the author had tried too hard to keep himself as neutral as possible or to avoid lawsuits in the magnitude of multi-millions as in Robertson vs Business Week, little personal insight was available. What's worse, little had been told on big events, say, the yen/Russian bond trade in 1998, that might be considered a turning point to the destiny of the Tiger.		In short, unless you are so desperate to read something about Julian Robertson and that this book is your only choice as far as you know, please give it a pass.
1,Seldom do I fail to finish a nonfiction book.  But in this case, I did not proceed too far beyond halfway.  This book simply does not measure up to the standards set by numerous other books on Patton.  The first chapter is a signal - devoted entirely to individual GIs fighting for Fort Driant.  While the battle proved a temporary setback for the general, it by no means defines Patton.  Other vignettes sprinkled throughout, such as the concentration camp chapters, although compelling, have no meaningful relationship to the Patton story.  Then there are serious errors of fact.  Stalin and Roosevelt are said to "often treat Churchill as a drunken fool."  Stalin may have felt this way, but Roosevelt began working closely with the prime minister even before the U.S. entered the war.  And Churchill spent extended stays in family quarters at the White House conferring with the president.  It is unlikely Roosevelt would have been so close to a "fool".  Then there is the tendency for sensationalism.  The cited Christmas prayer of 1944 is dubious and its authenticity is questionable.  The colorful prayer does not appear in Patton's papers.  Who then could have recorded it?  It first appeared in print after the war in a Luxembourg tourist brochure.  However, Patton did order 3rd Army chaplain (Col.) James H. O"Neill to write a brief prayer in November while in the Lorraine.  This simple prayer is called his Christmas prayer, because in late December,  he passed it along to his troops on cards containing a holiday message.  The writers seem to have confused the two.  Style also crops up as a problem.  Bill Donovan is said to have "won" the Congressional Medal of Honor.  Any veteran appreciates  one does not "win" the CMH or any other combat award.  Such medals are "received."  There is more, but the foregoing should more than make the point that this book cannot be considered a serious work on Patton.
1,The idea behind this story has some merit and in the hands of a more skillful writer may have been redeemed.  As written, the plot is simplistic and predictable and the foodie background just doesn't seem authentic  Two sisters, years apart, with very different personalities and lives, come together while each is in crisis. They have difficulty finding common ground and talk at each other, saying the same things ad nauseum in the stilted dialogue.  The plot is very elementary, the characters poorly developed, and the entire thing needs a good editor to cut out the repetitious angst which Lizzy - no that should be Elizabeth - has us endure.  I am relieved it is over.
1,I don't normally review books I didn't finish, so please accept this for what it's worth. This is only the second book in three years I quit before the ending but it was simply not a good read. To start with, the names of the characters are ridiculous  the protagonist's last name is Service (can we be a bit more obvious?) while another officer's name is Weasel. I mean, really? I work around people in law enforcement on a fairly regular basis and I can tell you most of them are not named Service or Weasel. Oh, wait, the best part is that the lead character's girlfriend is named Tuesday Friday. I can't make this stuff up.	The dialogue is really what got me, however. This is one of those books where everyone over-explains everything. This has to be the most verbal group of LEOs every. The dialogue simply doesn't ring as authentic, and the way the author tries to color each character's vocabulary simply reeks of trying way too hard to create atmosphere.	It's a shame, really, as the plot is a decent one. I simply couldn't get past everything else.
1,I'd read all the others in this series, really loved most of them.  There really isn't a good STORY here.  Not much conflict, until the very end of the book (825+ pages, mind you) and a lot a lot a lot of repetition.  (Did I mention there's a lot of repetition?) Detailed description of the various interiors of painted caves, which is about as fascinating as watching the slides of your neighbor's European vacation - except the slide projector is broken, so he's going to TELL you about each slide and why THIS cathedral/cave was sort of different from that cathedral/cave - but alike, too.  For 15-20 locations.  The characters are all Barbie dolls, simply being dressed up and moved around without showing internal or external motivation.  Ayla and Jondalar have a spat and make up.  The end.
1,Terrible!!!
1,PLOT OR PREMISE:	To the Nines (St. Martin's Press, 2003, ISBN/ASIN: 978-0312991463, Plum (9)) is the ninth outing in the bounty hunter on LSD series, starring Stephanie Plum, Jersey girl. This one has Plum chasing an immigrant on a work visa bond, all the way from Jersey to Vegas.	.	WHAT I LIKED:	The girls' trip to Vegas was awesome with Connie along, and Stephanie's random wiping out of RangerMan employees is kind of epic.	.	WHAT I DIDN'T LIKE:	The "there's a psycho stalking me" subplot gets old pretty fast, and she's done it in at least four of the books so far. This one is actually menacing for a change, but that's about it, and the plot with Singh as immigrant is kind of bland. However, the main plot for the story is revealed only by happenstance, and that's a giant no-no for me. Almost no way to figure it out until some random tertiary character reveals it all at once. Sloppy plotting.	.	DISCLOSURE:	I received no compensation, not even a free copy, in exchange for this review. I am not personal friends with the author, nor do I follow her on social media.
1,I have decided that books which carry rave reviews by other authors are to be avoided. I don't know what motivates these reviewers, but I am sure it isn't a craving to reveal excellence to the public. This book is none of the things described. And one of the reviewers might not have even read the book since he misdescribes the villain's rank. What we have in this book is clumsy writing with great detail given to trivial matters about a preternatural villain who may also be omniscient pursued by the world's premier agent who may also be the most inept.
1,I was truly looking forward to reading this story, especially since it was by Beatrix Potter. However, I found it hard to follow and it seemed to be missing some of the storyline.
1,I just opened the book and the artistic graphic quality was very bad, and in my opinion a graphic novel to be interesting must have very good art to keep you engaged in the story. It is that the quality of art that help to tell narratives in this kind of books.	Its just my opinion
1,I quit caring about he characters. There weren't any I liked at the end. I'm still not sure why all the fighting occurred and why smart people were so easily persuaded.  Killing Tris made the series pointless.
1,A tepid, single-plot story which does little to encourage page-turning.  While the prose is reasonably constructed, the character development is grossly lacking and the school-bound wizard discovering herself is becoming a worn trope in the Harry Potter age.  The main character is frustratingly unrelatable, the friendships/rivalries are contrived and forced, and the "romance" is really unhealthy.  Won't keep reading the series.
1,This review probably won't be fair, and I should've known better than to buy a couple-oriented book when I'm not part of a couple. But I'd heard so much about Gary Thomas's The Sacred Search that I thought this might be a nice digest version. It isn't. And that's not the book's fault. The title makes full disclosure of what it is.		As a single person, I didn't find this particularly helpful. Some of the insights I read sounded wise. I'll store it up for when I am a part of a couple. But the book made a lot of references to The Sacred Search, things like, "see Ch. 9 in The Sacred Search for more info." If you haven't read the Sacred Search yet, I'd pick that up first. This conversation guide is more like the companion workbook.
1,There's not much about writing, and what little there is isn't useful.	I bought this book because if great reviews and was disappointed.  Most of it is an interesting biography of his life as a beginning writer, as well as the accident caused by a careless driver who barely missed killing him.	The actual advice about writing is a tiny part of the book and nothing special. Okay, to improve your writing you need to write a lot and read a lot, but he's not the first to say it.
1,I agree with many of the other reviewers. Foley's early books are among my favorite romance novels. But this Inferno Club series is aggravating! While I agree that the begining of this book is better than the second half, I still found myself rolling my eyes in disgust from the start. The duke is sitting in a room with a bunch of lying, thieving, smugglers, but drifts off into an extensive fantasy of a girl he caught a brief glimpse of?? Give me a break! And the way it went on and on about his sexual prowess and his endowments was just obnoxious. (I agree with JP about the disturbing allusions to r*pe). But mostly this book is bogged down with the Promethean v. The Order lore. The search for the Alchemist's treasure? Ridiculous! I kept expecting Indiana Jones to swoop in and lend a hand. I hope Ms. Foley drops the remaining members of the Inferno Club, and leaves this secret society nonsense behind for good.
1,I've come to this conclusion, either you're a Ken Follett fan or you're not.  I found this book in need of some strict editing.  It was so tedious and weighted down and repetitious that i just couldn't wait for it to end.  I actually don't know why I stayed with it.  Yes, there's solid history here, but there are many other well-written and better written historical novels to be read with other the saga-length of this one.  I know many will disagree.  Friends in fact talked me into reading this one and are glued to Follett's many other books.  Good for them.  i'll be enjoying other authors whose editors are not afraid to improve their writing and their story lines.
1,The introduction states "50 classis crosswords from the 70's" and "the puzzles will serve as a sort of time capsule of what crosswords were like 30 years ago."  This book is endorsed by the AARP (I am a member) but they seem very dated even to me.  No fun clues, no real challenges, no current events.
1,This book does not cover everything that is in the homework problems for the book. I am in chapter 1, and it's explanation of limits is incomplete. There are not enough examples for difficult concepts, and there is not much explanation for the examples that are there. Also, the book is ridiculously overpriced, and you have to buy WebAssign on top of that. The live tutoring is slow, but at least it is there--that is, until you hit your limit of minutes, which wouldn't be hard to do with how slow everything goes in the whiteboard chat. The lectures are great, but they are incomplete, as well, unfortuantely.		The author/editor should have sat down with someone learning calculus and asked them what they thought about what they were putting in the book for explanations.		Oh, and I almost forgot to mention... the typos make it even harder to understand!
1,This whole story just left me cold really.  Characters were just strange, the romance equally strange....and I'm stretching my imagination to call it a romance.  Didn't get the reasoning if five star review at all.
1,This Book was written by someone who only tattoos part time.  Buy Huck Spailding's Tattooing From A-Z . Far better book. Next if any one who read this was in the industry you would have known that this book has inaccuracy's in it. For example stating that a way to mix grey-wash is with  "alcohol ". WRONG. Either Witch-Hazel, or a combination of Witch-Hazel, Sterile Water, Medical Grade Glycerin. Some people even add in  Rose Water.  Alcohol is Drying it also causes skin irritation,  Next Point Jordan States in his book to " Auto-Clave " Tattoo INKS...  Hell No. This will do several things #1 Change The consistency of the ink. #2 Change The Color. # 3 & Most Important it Causes Mold & other Bacteria to form. Ala The State of New York Health Dept. & Intenze  tattoo Ink company. Next The author did not understand Modern Power Supply Read Outs. Amps, Duty, Cycles, etc.. These are beneficial to new Tattoo Artist. It seems to me with all the Web Sites C.R.Jordan Has Selling Advertisements he plunged the suppliers that advertise with him. You Can Find Every-Thing in this Book for FREE on the Internet. Google Search Basic Tattoo Information, Educational Tattoo Information, PDF's on Tattooing. You-Tube. Here are the best Sites . In order of the most educational content. Channels:  undergrounddemographix,  sincitytattooz,  johnnygault, ogpoppylomax, tattoolan,  the brokenpuppet., superiortattoo1, painfulpleasures. All FREE & More Info...
1,Okay this book I have to say is not good. Alot of the scenes in this book are written like a 15 year old wrote them. The sex/love scenes are luke warm @ best. The way the story is told the characters all of it, it just does not make me care about these people their struggles or their relationships. This is the first book I've read of Gena's and I'm not impressed at all. I would like to say that maybe I will read another one of her books because sometimes the 1st book in a series is not always the best or even good. But others in the series I find I like. So I'm not sure, jury is still out. It may be awhile before I pick up another one of Gena's novels.
1,I give it a one only because it was not what I was looking for.  I was turned off to it by its strong emphasis to the -iching.  I think if your main interest is the i-ching and your secondary interest is qigong, then it might be ok.  Perhaps the book title should be changed to The  I-ching's  view on Martial Arts.
1,I wasn't interested in seeing the movie but the idea of the book captivated me so I was pleased when it was re-released.  Unfortunately, I found the book somewhat disappointing.	The premise of Mothman Prophecies is interesting but the actual execution of the book doesn't live up to the promise of the subject matter.  Keel tries to include too much information and too many diverse happenings.  While everything in the book contributes to the premise - that strange things did indeed happen in West Virginia one year in the mid-sixties - he never really focuses on any one aspect.  Mothmen are one of many phenomena he describes.  And while he gives a great deal of background on the many phenomena, he never really lets us know what he thought caused the upheaval that year.  There are many case studies but very few conclusions as to the cases he encounters first-hand.  And when he does cite previous studies or encounters, his sources seem a little shaky.  Citing established sources is one thing but citing what I would think of as fringe publications causes me to question the validity of both his conclusions and the original source material.  I do, however, understand that legitimate, well done research is produced by less established organizations and publications.	While there are flaws, Keel does make the book enjoyable.  It could be dry and lifeless but he injects a good sense of humor into his study keeping the reader engaged.  And while you may believe nothing about what he claims happened, he does make a strong case for himself.  Its hard to avoid admitting that something outside our collective realms of experience happened that year.
1,It was informational
1,did not read all of the first book, do not plan on reading this one.  I have no more words
1,This was just too easy to know what was going to happen next.  Nothing surprised me.  I don't think I would have even liked this when I was a teenager.
1,I found myself speed reading through this book (versus indulging in it) just to get it over with.
1,Well written and not a bad read but it felt like every other slasher horror movie. No real depth. Maybe better as a B grade movie
1,This writer has potential but he definitely isn't there yet.  Character etching is good, plotting fair, but eventually this reader just grew weary with	sub-plot (a la Fried Green Tomatoes)  and the sluggish culmination of the main plot.  In other words, another book by this author wouldn't interest.
1,$15 for an e-book...ridiculous.
1,We got a second copy of this pop-up book because of quality issues with our first one, but the second book we received wasn't that much better. The comments on my review are only for the book we decided to keep, not the first book which was in worse quality than the one we kept.		Over the years we purchased 8 other large popup books for our children, including three other Dr Seuss pop-up books, the Lorax was the worse off all.		What is wrong with this book:		The paper quality, it's lighter than it should be for this kind of book. The book should print in a heavy card stock, but paper is much lighter. At certain pages the pop-up show weird creasing and marks from the paper folded underneath.		Print quality: Color varies on the same page. For example if there are multiple things as part of one scene or even if the same image is broken up as part of "the same popup", the color shading from each of the multiple pieces varies. There is also slight spotting on the solid colors.		Excessive glue: There are visible globs of glue trough out the book, on some pages there are smudges of glue on the pages that looks like they tried cleaning them up.		Not all popups in the same page open up: There are some pages that incorporate various popups as you open the page. Not all of them open, so you have to open them up individually, and the popups that are supposed to be manually operated, are NOT smooth to open.		Rips and re-glue: One of the pages had a small rip and appears to have been carefully glued to hide the tear.		Wrong placement for popup: Some of the popups appear to be out of line. For example towards the end, the Lorax flies trough the clouds riding this flash/shooting star shape. When you close the page and the star retracts, it pushes right up against the spine bending all of the points in the star. As you read the book and open and close pages, you constantly have to manually readjust the  popups before you can close the page.		We decided to keep the book because this was the replacement we received after our first copy had worse quality issues. The only good thing about the book is the story and thats why I rate it two stars, but the quality issues are unacceptable and I do not recommend unless you can see the book at your local store before you buy it.		We bought the book through Amazon with prime shipping.
1,Got off to a bad start with this book; the main character irritated me right from the beginning. You meet enough foolish and interfering people in real life, don't want to spend my leisure time reading about any more!		The plot? basically, there wasn't one, unless the idea was to show how, in some people's lives, nothing happens.	Ploughing through this novel (yes, I got to the end) was a lesson in patience.
1,Jamie Frasier is my favorite hero of any novel i have ever read and yet this book was a big dissapointment. He seemed different somehow from the Outlander series. It was as if i could almost see him but not quite.  There were flashes of the uber practical, raw, earnest lovable Jamie, but not enough. The story is monotonous and focuses a lot on Lord Johns obsession with Jamie.  i skimmed a lot of the book. Don't expect to be reunited with the beloved Jamie in this book, it's mostly about Hal and Grey.
1,The bible is excellent, wish it was a little bigger.  Everything is together and in place.  Well done.
1,This is a direct and unmistakeable imitation of the far superior "Outlander" by Diana Gabaldon.  For that alone, it deserves the lowest rating.  But the romance between the protagonists is quite disturbing.  Their first sexual encounter is one in which the heroine, Grace St. John, is fully expecting to be killed by the hero, Black Niall.  While she waits for a fatal sword stab, Niall gets her on her knees and rapes her.  I'm sure others will quibble about the term, but when the woman is literally expecting to be gutted and is forcefully put into a position for penetration without her consent, it is rape.  Forced climax does NOT absolve it of that term, any more than it would for a man. Suffice it to say, I did not think this book was good.
1,This book clearly resides in the bottom third, probably the bottom quartile of the King literary history. It is not as dreadfully bad as such generally scorned losers as Dreamcatcher, Tommyknockers, & Blockade Billy, but it is a long, long way from the likes of The Shining, The Stand, Misery, and others.	Edgar Freemantle is a solid leading man, sympathetic and very real. And the setup - middle aged guy comes to Gulf Coast, supernaturally obtains artistic prowess, with a vision of awful events of many decades earlier - has some potential.	But that potential is never delivered upon. In spite of the tome's massive length, huge questions are left gaping, and characters are left undeveloped. A handful of minor characters are introduced early in the book, then briefly re-introduced. When bad things happen to one or more of them, you just don't care: you never developed any attachment to them in the first place. The one exception to that is when a bad thing happens to a family member of Edgar's (I am trying to avoid spoilers here). That one is dumped on us quickly, and Edgar seems to move on just as quickly. Again, the emotional loss is not felt.	The dialogue is downright kitschy. As ohers have observed, Wireman's Spanish is completely out of place, & just annoying.	Then there's the ending.  Even in some of his best works, King's endings are sometimes questionable (see IT). But this one might be the most boring showdown of all time. Our heroes are never in any real danger. Herons flying upside down; frogs the size of cocker spaniel puppies; really? No one is ever in any real danger. The big finish is all wet; everything is bottled up too neatly.	King is still capable of writing a decent novel. More recently, 11/22/63 is clearly among his best works in years.	This was a chore to get through. Save yourself the disappointment
1,Okay hearing about this book from a friend I had to read a few chapters since I know what Hillary Clinton is really like...  And not a word of truth is in this book. She wrote it or had someone write it for her, making her look good! Not a word of Watergate or the fact she isn't allowed to practice law anymore... I just feel this book is a work of fiction out to make Hillary look good...
1,A book with no ending is a serial not a complete book, and at $3.99 not a good value when there are a lot of good books available for less.  The Patterson name is not enough for me to buy another "bookshot".  Now as a serial at $0.99 I would continue to buy this product, as a expensive short story, no thanks.  I won't buy another "bookshot".
1,The author is killing her fans with the $2.99 for a short couple of chapters from the story each time. I do love the story and want to finish it but I have already bought 9 installments and it's stil not finished
1,It's just ok...not badly written but just weird..didn't hold my interest, like who cares what happens here?
1,Too many angles and characters for me.
1,The type print is too small to see.  The book is microscopic. One needs a magnifying lens. I am bummed.
1,I like Thom Rainer. I have benefited greatly from his books and research. But his most recent book, I Am a Church Member, is severely misguided and misinformed.		I Am a Church Member appears to be intended for "Church Membership" classes in local churches. While I am not a fan of  institutional churches or of the church membership classes that go with them, I do understand that if a group of believers are going to meet in an institutional way, they probably need some sort of membership rolls, and membership classes to go with them. Fine. If that is how you think it is best to follow Jesus, I have absolutely no problem with it.		So what is the problem with Thom Rainer's book? I Am a Church Member uses guilt and fear to get new church members to do what the church leadership wants.		Let me back up.		By all reports, institutional Christianity is hemorrhaging.  Every year, millions of people abandon the institutional way of doing church, not because they are abandoning God, Jesus, or the Church, but because they find that intimate relationships with others and loving service in the community apart from the systematized and scheduled meetings on Sunday morning is a more natural way of following Jesus and living life as His disciples.		Naturally, this mass exodus from the church has church leaders scared. They need people to fill their pews. Why? So that they can give their tithes, so the church building can be paid for and the pastoral salaries funded, and so that there is a place and people for all the expensive church programs.		But how do you tell church members that to truly follow Jesus, they have to attend church, give their tithes, support the church leadership, and serve in church programs?		Apparently, you get Thom Rainer to write a book about it, and get 23 prominent church leaders and seminary presidents to endorse the book, and then price the book in such a way so that scared church leaders all over the country will buy hundreds of copies of the book so they can hand it out to all the people in their "Church Membership" classes.		Here is a basic summary of Thom's book:		Rainer begins the book pointing out that nine out of ten American churches are declining in attendance (p. 4). His book is the proposed prescription to this problem. (But is it really a problem?)		Beginning with a terrible misunderstanding of Paul's "Body" imagery in 1 Corinthians 12-14 and how every "member" of the Body needs every other member, Rainer uses six chapters to propose six commitments that every new church member must make to the church they are attending. The six commitments are actually six popular cliches which church leaders around the world love to use in sermons and in publications to guilt church people into being regular church attendees.		The best (read: worst) part about each chapter, is that they conclude with a pledge for the reader to sign and date! I can almost visualize the conclusion of each week in the Membership classes, where the Pastor (or Elder) teaching the class get everybody to stand and say the pledge out loud, and then collects copies of everyone's pledge to be stored in the person's "Membership File" so that if they ever get out of hand, the pastor can pull their file and say, "See? You made a commitment. You signed on the dotted line. Are you going to break your word? Are you a liar? You know where liars go, don't you?"		That may be a bit over the top, but you get the gist.... and if you have ever sat through one of these meetings, you know that this is pretty much how they go... See this satirical video.		Here are Rainer's six recommended commitments (summarized and reworded for this review):		1. I will devote as much time and energy to my local church as possible, because if I don't, I am letting Jesus down.		2. Nobody is perfect. Not even my pastor. So I won't talk or think negatively about him in any way, or challenge anything he says or does, because doing so would damage the gospel.		3. Church isn't about me. Even if I don't like the music, can't stand the preaching, there's nothing for my kids, and I think the church is wasting my time and money, I will still attend faithfully.		4. No matter what, I will support my pastor and pray for him every single day.		5. I will bring my entire family to church with me, because the future of my family, the church, and the entire world depend on it.		6. I love being a member of this church, and I never, ever, want to stop being a member. It's the best! I promise. It's a gift from God.		Yes, yes, my summaries are a bit snarky. But if you read Thom's book, you will see that my summaries are not that far off from what he actually wrote. I am using satire to point out how guilt-laden and performance-driven these commitments are.		Why do I feel so strongly about this? Because I am tired of church leaders with expensive church buildings and bloated church budgets trying to shore up their ineffective church programs by demanding further sacrifice and greater commitments from tired and weary church members. What ever happened to "my yoke is easy and my burden is light"?		While there may be some people are leaving institutional Christianity because they are rebelling against God or forsaking Jesus, the vast majority are leaving so that they can better follow Jesus into the world. Isn't this something to be praised and encouraged?		Look, being a church member has nothing to do with sitting in a pew on Sunday morning, listening to a sermon and praying for your pastor, giving your money to support a local church budget, and making commitments to serve on a church ministry program.		Are we all members of one Body? Yes. Does every member need every other member? Of course.		And that is exactly why so many millions of people are leaving institutional Christianity. It is not because they don't want to be members of Christ's church, but because they are members of Christ's church, the Body, and have found that Jesus wants them to serve the Body and love the world in ways that waste less time and money.		Look, I am not against people attending church. Truly. I am not. I am not against "Church Membership" for people who attend church. The way that system is set up, "Church Membership" is a good idea. What saddens me is that church leaders think that people who "leave their church" are forsaking Jesus, abandoning the church, and living in rebellion against God.		Just once, I would love for a mega-church pastor or a prominent church author to come out and announce a blessing upon all those people who are leaving their church.		I would love for a mega-church pastor or a prominent church author to come out and announce a blessing upon all those people who are leaving their church to follow Jesus in tangible and loving ways in the community. Why cannot church leaders see themselves as "sending these people out into the world" rather than see them as "leaving the church"?		So if Thom Rainer ever reads this review, I would invite him to write a follow-up book which church pastors can hand out to people who are leaving their church. It could be titled, "I Am a Church Member (...even if I don't attend church)." The book would contain no pledges, no dotted lines upon which to sign, and no guilt trips. Instead, it would contain a commitment on the part of the church leadership to not condemn or criticize those who leave institutional Christianity, but to bless them and thank them for being the church by following Jesus in ways that take great courage and creativity.		I beg Thom Rainer (and all the Seminary Presidents and Mega Church Pastors who endorsed I Am a Church Member) to recognize that many people may be leaving the institutional church, not because they have given up on church, are abandoning Jesus, or are bad church members, but because they are good church members and they want to be the church by following Jesus into their neighborhoods and communities.
1,Text and images of this edition are distorted.  I plan to return the kindle version and exchange for a hard copy.
1,The book is boring, loose ended, and - except for the names of main characters - has nothing to do with Stieg's Larsson's Millennium Series.  Lisbeth Salander, Mikael Blomkvist and others are sketchy, tepid, robotic. The plot is improbable and full of gaps. David Lagercrantz took advantage of somebody who is dead and who cannot stand for himself. It's a shame.
1,Maybe it's hard to make something entertaining about the agonies of a bad marriage based on sexual attraction. Spoiler alert: It's all Hemingway's mother's fault.
1,In an otherwise well written book the author is hopelessly unaware of the subject about which she writes. Perhaps it is because she writes as an outsider (Episcopalian) and not as a Catholic. Her faulty premise is that annulment is the Church's reckoning that a marriage "never existed" and therefore is a de facto lie. This is simply untrue. When a marriage is annulled by the Church it is recognition that the marriage was materially flawed by dent of coercion, fraud, lack of free-will, lack of judgment, or some other grave misunderstanding or act--very similar to the grounds for divorce. At best annulment allows the divorced couple to restore communion with the Church, something Ms Kennedy had no interest in. At worst it gives the couple the opportunity to deeply reflect on their marriage, again something Ms Kennedy seemed uninterested in. The overwhelming sense from the author is not contrition or reconciliation but resentment: resentment of the Kennedy's, the Church, men in general (embodied by the male hierarchy of the Church), and tradition. The irony is that the very institution of marriage that Ms Kennedy thumbed her nose at (she filed for divorce after only 9 years of marriage) she asks the Church to have an even greater respect for. If you need more ammunition to loathe the Catholic Church read this book, but if you are looking for a balanced understanding of the complex, merciful, and redeeming potential for annulment then look elsewhere.
1,I was very curious when I picked up The Night Eternal.  I really didn't know how the author was going to conclude his tale of viral vampires, and he had kept me on the hook (just barely) through two books.  I had already suffered through two novels worth of flat characters and unlikely circumstances, and still I was hopeful for a resolution to this story that would be at the very least somewhat believable according to the author's own mythology.  I was holding out for the big payoff, and instead got a totally unbelievable mess that came barreling out of left field.		At first, I felt that the author was headed back on the right track after a very mediocre middle book.  The pacing was good, I was getting a bit more information about the characters, and it was just packed with lots of horror filled atmosphere.  The story of the boy and The Master is the only part of this book that really worked.  It wasn't long however before the book lost it's focus, and characters once again began spouting cliche ridden dialogue.  I soon lost patience and found myself wanting to skip ahead.		I can't speak to plot points without spoiling things for new readers, however I will say that the ending was very unsatisfying.  Practically no basis was laid for the series of events that occurred.  I was glad to see the end of this vampire tale.  It had some great moments, since the authors are very good at writing action scenes, but in the end it was just too ridiculous.
1,What a disappointment!  What started out as a great story soon collapsed into embarrassingly absurd time jumps around the globe.  For example, they can "stop time", hold conversations and move victims from the path of bullets. The author seems to think that questions of paradoxes and confusing writing are a substitute for a good story but murkiness is simply a failed mystery. I actually liked the characters (oddly that is the greatest downfall of science fiction) and the story of the two alternate universes met in a setting not so fanciful.		(WARNING ****  PLOT REVEAL) The author commits the same sins as Turtledove - despite different realities, the same leaders emerge. Yet JFK was elected in part due to his WW2 exploits but if WW2 never happened...  Given a selection of historical folks to revisit our hero chose - who else - Jesus and the crucifixion and Hitler earning a 1 on the surprise scale.  Skip the fact that he somehow determined the exact hour and place of the Crucifixion. Ignore his modern Latin (Romans spoke Greek, Jews Aramaic). Dressed in a sheet and with 21st century hair he somehow manages to carry the cross and talk his way out of it using modern Latin - LOL!  But he forgets his goal - verifying the Resurrection - and runs off to take care of Adolph.		That saga was equally hokey as Hitler shoots our hero's gal pal / travel companion.  THEN the two story lines collide, a huge fight ensues, folks became shadows, sparks fly, etc.  Now we repeat the beginning (an old ploy) before finally ending in a mad rush and an explanation as to what folks are doing in the NEW reality.  To call it confusing is to be charitable. The trouble with time travel is that nothing is ever set since at any point the traveler can go back and change reality once more.  From great to absurd.
1,Skip this one. Reminded me of junior high school ( and, yes, I mean junior high, I went to junior high)
1,Great value, but I didn't find the book useful at all. I'd read an excerpted/reformatted article in a magazine that made me think this would be brilliant for helping budget while getting healthier foods. It wasn't. Easy to read, but the information isn't anything profound or new, nor do I feel that Watson offered many tips or alternative shopping locations to readers. It's basically a checklist/to-do style format that anyone could create on their own by Googling or simply price comparing. Not worth it!
1,If it weren't free I'd say don't bother.  But if you're stuck at the car wash or getting you car serviced it will pass the time.  Predictable plot  and not much suspense would have been great on the t. In the fifties.
1,I couldn't get into it.
1,An annoyingly narcissistic work. The writer thinks she's James Joyce. The narrator is obsessed with sex, hers and her imagined relatives'. If you don't care about the minor turmoils in the narrator's mind - and after about 50 pages I didn't - there's nothing else here.
1,I was expecting a lot from this book and it didn't live up to my expectations. The men were "manly" men and Jane was blah, she was wimpy, had no thoughts of her own and was easily led. I didn't like the fact that Jane was portrayed as a simple doe eyed nympho. I understand that she was empathic and could feel the others pain and sexual frustration, but she was just too...too emotional. Her feelings were too easily hurt and she cried too darn much. I almost expected that if Caleb said "jump" she would say "okay".		  Mick was at times whiny and petulant. Justin was overly sexed and was used a breeding stud in this book. Caleb I just couldn't get the feel of him. He stepped in and out of the book, meaning that he said his piece and got every one to listen to him and then bled into the background. I didn't get the Dom/Sub that she was trying to go for. And if it wasn't for the fact that I spewed coffee on the page were I found out what Justin's son name was (Come on now Harry O'Hara?? Are you serious??)I would've returned this book the day after I read it.		  The sex scenes were okay, but not good enough to make want to keep it and re-read it.
1,I thought the book was disgusting. Would not recommend it to anyone.
1,Too boring to be depressing.
1,It's great that a privileged white kid from so-cal can get into drugs then turn his life around using his dad's connections, wow glad he had to work so hard, right.... But what really "upsets" me about Noah here is that he ignores the myriad of positive aspects of punk rock the 100's of bands and 1000s of kids who did NOT see punk rock as a dead end street, or as a reason for violence. Haven been in punk bands for most of my adolescent through adult life I find this very offensive, I too am a Buddhist, and the two paths are neither mutually exclusive or really all that different. Some friends of mine on tour in another positive punk band stayed at my flat on tour a couple weeks ago and we had a good laugh at this. But I guess you gotta do something to sell books.
1,Author has poor understanding of physics. Written for a 12yo audience. Other than that not too badly written.
1,I wanted to learn about the legendary Thrawn, having heard so much about this character online and through Rebels. I hoped that reading his origin story would be a great start to delving into his saga and serve as a jumping point into the other Thrawn books. However, I found him to be extremely boring.		Throughout the story, Thrawn is never in any danger. He faces no true struggle, he never makes a mistake, he is never seen as fallible, and thus fails to be relatable and connect with the reader. Any sense of depth is supplied by Eli Vanto, a character infinitely more interesting and engaging, and any sense of struggle is supplied by Arihnda Pryce, a character infinitely more nuanced and tragic. This book seems to be less about Thrawn, and more about Pryce's journey to governorship.		I would also like to encourage Mr. Zahn to find another word to describe someone "making a slight involuntary grimace or shrinking of the body out of pain or distress." The word "Wince" or "winced" appears 28 times, and 25 of those instances are used to describe Eli Vanto. Unless poor Eli has some sort of muscular or neurological disorder, there is no need for him to wince quite so much.
1,Will be sending back, teaches about monsters with some of its characters.  Wish it would have kept with simple animal creatures and not monsters.  Growing up with nightmares as a child, this doesn't impress me.
1,bad
1,I like the book, but the binding fell apart. Just badly made. I'm afraid to use it thinking it'll all come apart completely.
1,Will update, have not read yet; but it looks to have a lot of practical advice.
1,wow this book stinks. I am a big Bruce Campbell fan since Brisco County jr. I really liked "if chins could talk" I thought that was a great incite into the movie business. But this book is a joke. I am now wondering if I should buy "if chins could talk 2"	kk
1,I just didn't connect and I didn't feel the connection between the H/h.  Because I couldn't feel the connection between them, the physical relationship felt awkward.  I liked Matty for the most part, but Lucy was a bit of a drag.  The relationship just kind of fizzled.
1,You don't even need to BUY this book!!!! Just vist soyouwanttowrite.com and the author will give you a free ebook that pretty much has the same stuff in it!!! Don't waste your money.
1,One of the worst books I've read. It was written for teenagers. The plot/storyline might be more for adults but the wording and vocabulary was on the level of 10 year old. Do not read it. Boring and predictable. Torture to read.
1,I thoroughly enjoy new takes on economics, so my expectations for this book were high. And while my familiarity with Dan Ariely is limited, he seems to have a solid reputation. Unfortunately, P.I. is based on a handful of small (often trivial) experiments; the subjects being students at Ariely's campus. There are no profound take-aways. As another reviewer noted, Ariely broadly extrapolates paltry data sets to include all people.		Luckily, I borrowed this book from the library, and did not purchase it.
1,This book was really a disappointment.  It becomes obvious who the killer is but the author does not tie the plot lines together at all.  I don't understand how this book got approved by the editor.
1,Characters are comic book action heroes.
1,A disappointingly bland, generic, and completely forgettable thriller from Wilson and a co-writer whose other work I'm unfamiliar with (but this doesn't exactly make me want to check out). There's a number of things wrong with Nightkill, which follows a betrayed hitman and his quest for revenge, but the most critical is that every single character is exactly who you think they are. There are no hidden depths, no complexities, no novel sides lurking underneath - everyone is who they say they are, and there's nothing more to it. Making matters worse, the one interesting and novel idea in the book - the nature of the hitman's betrayal and what he has to do to come back from it - is largely tossed in as an afterthought and ignored, only used for dramatic tension but for nothing more. I tend to really like Wilson a lot, but this is definitely among his weakest, least interesting books, without even a neat idea or a novel twist to carry it along. Dull, dull, dull. But at least it's short.
1,I read the first book of this series and enjoyed it so I looked for the second.  While the story line is good I had to ask for a refund half way through.  There are entire sentences missing or there are just the ending of sentences.  I thought it was a one time deal so I muddled through. Unfortunately it was not.  I would pass on this book until corrections are made.
1,This book had so much potential, seemingly good plot but there were too many characters to keep track of.  I tried to write down all the names of the seal teams but the author kept adding characters and you had no clue who they were.  The thing I hated most was the grammer.  At first I thought it was typos but as the book continued the mistakes began to get worse.  Here's an example - "Casey seen the rocket launch from the bridge then his heart did a fast leap into his throat as he seen his commander's jeep flip into traffic then keep rolling downs an embankment."  I can't believe I paid money for this book.
1,Really poor story and character development.
1,I always finish books, I'm just not one to leave a book unfinished.  But this was bad.  I skipped to the end to see whodunit at 25%. I just didn't want to waste any more time on something that wasn't enjoyable.  Even for a turn your brain off cozy-mystery this was bad.  The plot was full of holes, at least what I read.  There was too much rehashing of information from the previous book.  There were glaring editing errors, not just grammar, but continuity also.  The first book in the series wasn't great, but I always give the second book a try, hoping that it just takes time to work out the kinks.  Not in this case, book one was a masterpiece compared to this.  At least it was through Kindle Unlimited, so I can return it and find something better.
1,Fairly boring book.  Had to force myself to finish reading it.  I find her books difficult to read beacause of the way she writes. The way she writes is just different than the way I think.  I find myself reading & re-reading sentences to try to figure out what she's saying.  This is probably the last Kingsolver book I'll ever read.
1,It seemed like all the main characters wanted to do is have sex.  Instead, they should have been developed early and had more action related to their Vampire status
1,This book is awful. I've never read a book with a less likable bunch of characters in my life. The first chapter sets up the story like its going to be suspenseful and interesting. Unfortunately that's the only decently written part of the whole book. The cops are liars, the women are sociopathic man haters, and the men are misogynistic pigs.  The story is so convoluted that I had to reread the first chapter halfway through the book just to see if I'd missed something.		Honestly...this book is terrible. There is nothing redeemable about any of the characters. The sexual encounters are awkward and misplaced. The suspects are more likable than the cops. And the ending is laughable.		Please, don't do it. You'll never get those hours back. It's not worth it.
1,Useless book. Has tiny fonts with ugly formatting. If you MUST buy this book, use kindle. The contents in the book are not that great. They put more effort into the design of the outside of the book than the actual content.
1,I could not even finish this book because it was so boring.  I would not recommend this book to anyone.
1,Too graphic for kids
1,This is not the way to treat the gretest golfer in our lifetime.
1,I really tried to get into this book, but the more I read then more uninterested I became.	Def not worth the money or the time...
1,Let's start out by saying I got the audio book.  Sl-o-o-o-ow!  The characters were unlikable and flat.  Dodge is so unappealing with his crude sexual references and his look-it-me-I's-a-cool-hick, I can't imagine him being in even one book, let alone a series.  Caroline is a tramp, and her spitting image daughter is the same, only with zero personality.  Why was Orin stalking her at all?  Let's not get on Orin, because anyone who's read this book knows about the Lifetime-styled copout ending.  Sandra needs inspirational and appealing characters.  In the meantime, read some Lisa Gardner and Tami Hoag if you want something to grab and entertain you. LOL, I love it when a hillbilly calls another hillbilly...well, a hillbilly!
1,The book just didn't hold my interest.  Not sure if I expected too much but I put it down after reading about 1/3 of the book.  Sorry.
1,No new information other than what is available on line elsewhere.
1,Null does not have a Ph. D.  His degree was purchased from an unaccredited school.  Research his credentials as I did and you will find he is misleading consumers.  Angers me that he can mislead the public, and be published.  Research his background and you will find as I did he is not an expert in any area for which he writes. In fact I have read even more controversy regarding his products and their safety, others questioning his writing.  Purchasing his material is similar to contributing to a scam. Had he not added Ph. D to his name, might be a different story. Since I looked up his name and expertise, I write to share my thoughts for others, inviting you to do the same.
1,To start this essay and review I need to tell you what Donald Barthelme was- a fantasist; and a really bad one, at that. I will explain this in the bulk of this piece.		  But first, I need to briefly tell you the many things he was not, despite the many claims to the contrary by disciples, sycophants, and bad critics.		1)  He was not an absurdist. To be an absurdist writer one must actually be contrasting the language and situations presented within your work with norms presented outside the work. In short, there must be reference points within the work, as well as the work actually having a meaning outside its own presented cosmos.		2)  He was not a metafictionist. To be a metafictionist the writer must be using the artifice of art within the work itself for the purpose of exploring the boundaries of art, not merely as a self-reflexive piece of vanity.		3)  He was not a post-structuralist. To be post-structural a writer must deny objectivity and embrace an ambigual fog. Self-reflexivity posits the self as objectively real. Vanity negates ambiguity.		4)  He was not a postmodernist. To be a postmodernist one or all three of the above conditions must be met. Since Barthelme's work was hermetic, self-reflexive, and therefore non-subjective- albeit not empirically objective, he was not postmodern.		  To top off those four things that Donald Barthelme, as a writer, was not I can also state that he was not a minimalist- for his work often tosses loads of pop cultural and other references at the reader, expecting said reader to decode them; he was not an existentialist- for his work was simply gimmick-ridden; he was not a nihilist- for he put too much effort into promoting his work and theories to be called such.		  No, as stated, Donald Barthelme was a fantasist- and by that I mean just that, not the oft-termed surrealist, which has almost been shorn of any real meaning, due to its overuse and misuse. In a sense his stories are late 20th Century fairy tales. Except that that area has already been covered by Isaac Bashevis Singer, and better. He is not a humorist, nor a magical realist, for his work simply isn't funny the way a Kurt Vonnegut's is, nor does he even have the `magical' touch of a Gabriel Garcia Marquez. And while technically not a PoMo writer one can see in his rather pallid works the wellspring from which the dreck of a Dave Eggers, Rick Moody, and David Foster Wallace flows.	In short, most Barthelmeans realize that the only way for the pieces to work at all is to precondition readers' expectations. This is why virtually every defense of his works tells you what it is about, rather than how he went about it. Because, failing that pink elephant's implantation, most good readers will be scratching their heads. But, if one's only expectations of a writer are a good read, well, you're sunk. Ah, for the days when a fantasist would have a really good idea and execute it from beginning to end, and actually show that he could craft a compelling sentence. Let's see, I've told you much of what he's not- did I mention he's not particularly philosophical, emotional, nor inventive?		  How about fraud? Well, that's too harsh, right? Maybe he is to serious literature what Weird Al Yankovic is to pop music. No, even that's too praising, for Weird Al was occasionally clever. Reading a Barthelme collection only heightens how absolutely bereft of cleverness he was. Did I say repetitive? Derivative? I think I covered that with the Kenneth Patchen mention. Influential? Well, David Foster Wallace has made some beaucoup bucks- but is that anything to be proud of?		  In closing, let me close with a quote from the man himself, from his 1989 New York Times obituary: `Art is not difficult because it wishes to be difficult, rather because it wishes to be art. However much the writer might long to straightforward, these virtues are no longer available to him. He discovers that in being simple, honest, straightforward, nothing much happens.' Now, really read the Freudian implications of that statement and you will understand that this was actually Barthelme's closeted mea culpa for not having a clue as to how to write well and wanting his readers to ignore that fact. Like I said, he was a fantasist; and a really bad one, at that.
1,Some people love to hate the protagonist of a story, like the TV show "Dexter". Sorry I can't find anything likeable or sypathetic about a murderer.
1,ok
1,I loved all the Scarpetta novels, but this is simply horrible. couldn;t make it past page 79,  Don;t waste your money!!  Stupid characters and ridiculous plot...what WAS she thikning of...must have driven off most of her regular readers.  UGH!!
1,This man makes very interesting arguments, but when you scratch the surface to see whats beneath, the arguments are all corroded. First of all, he's a Confederate,which has nothing to do with his arguments, but when he tells us that the north invaded the south, we might want to raise our guard a bit. He also tells us that Hamilton was wrong in suggesting that we should protect our industries against foreign competition that is subsidized by ITS government. Well, my god, If we allow other governments to subsidize their industries, and undercut ours, that seems to me to be a recipe for mass unemployment and economic devastation. Isn't that what the "dumping" controversy is all about, the Chinese selling us steel for less than the cost of production? And even in the 19th century, if other countries used slave labor,without protectionism, it would require us to do the same. OH! and here we see his confederate sympathies shining like a light on a hill. He speaks against child labor laws, calling these laws an infringement upon employers rights to make contracts. Thats insane! There are similar arguments made throughout. The book IS interesting, some of the ideas make some sense, but that is some scary stuff he's talking about. He says that the federal government is to provide national defense, but in another part of the book he said the southern states didn't even want to pay their bill for the revolutionary war. God knows I despise the federal government for many of the reasons he states, but this guy is a little on the whacky side.
1,I too have been concerned about these murders but I found Kolker's splitting of the girls confusing and ultimately dull. I would have preferred that he start with the disappearances and let us learn from that.	A lot seemed incredibly slanderous of people whose lives have been ruined by gossips.	The endless use of Facebook quotes were trite and boring.	Read this book only if there is an awful snowstorm outside and you are marooned
1,I have not read Grisham since his first couple of legal thrillers, I was disappointed in this book. A washed up, third-string NFL quarterback joins a football team in Parma, Italy for a season. The stereotypical cultural differences arise, but are not explored in any depth. That is because the protagonist lacks depth. Heck the entire novel lacks any depth. Throw in a shallow token love interest and you have a very simply written book with a simple plot. Read Tim Park's Season With Verona to see how good this type of book could have been.
1,Half way through before the writer gives you a mystery. She then tops it off with an undeveloped romance. More time could have been spent developing a proper mystery and a proper villain instead of a hurry come villain and an even quicker solve. Hilton does not make you work for it. At some points you forget what you should be reading.
1,The Decameron is a a collection of ribald, irreverent jokes in the form of implausible tales featuring one-dimensional characters in pursuit of instant gratification. How appropriate these jokes are is a matter of personal taste and preference. Boccaccio managed to narrate them without using any profanities, thus  in his view  making them suitable even for a mixed company. It is spicy yet presentable. Instead of from graphics, the extra kick comes from transgressing the rules and breaking taboos. Unlike some other gems of the Italian Renaissance that were dismissed as mere obscenities, and faded into obscurity, the language of The Decameron is impeccable.		The Grimm brothers collected folk tales; Boccaccio collected bawdy jokes from various sources, and polished them. I do not know if that adds up to a great literary piece. But if it is your cup of tea then, by all means, enjoy. After all, people need to unwind once in a while. The same can be said about pulp literature or, for that matter, raunchy videos. These genres are usually not held in high esteem.		Some people are offended when The Decameron is described as the p-word. It is not quite the same. While The Decameron is lascivious it is not explicit, and it is eloquently written. That makes all the difference. Does it? In any case Boccaccio had already been known as a writer and scholar, so his naughty Decameron got shuffled in a respectable category. The humor is based on illicit affairs. When you want to titillate your audience without getting into specifics, there is not much else to talk about. It also gives the reader an opportunity to fantasize about the forbidden fruit. Perhaps another purpose is to astonish the reader.		How did The Decameron become well known? There is nothing profound or uplifting in it, nor is is it the most humorous book ever written, and the stories are a bit repetitive. No doubt, the sex factor is one reason. (Plus you can say you are reading it for the artistic value.) Probably some people found it stimulating and hilarious. But maybe other people had mixed feelings. I suspect that one reason why The Decameron achieved notoriety is that it was controversial. But the form was socially acceptable. Thus it became a classic. Nowadays it is just copied from one textbook to another. Some people are searching for a deep meaning in it.
1,Minor spoiler----------->		I really did try to get into this book but the heroine was so annoying. She isn't just in love with Nate, she is obsessed with everything about him! Like her life revolves around him. Even her bestfriend practically ignored her while she was rambling about him (cookie points to you Lila). I was in complete shock when she is finally with him or more like under his roof, she refused to stay with him when she knows she is in danger...where was the need to be close to him at that moment? It also irked me when Nate tells her that she needs to leave the state until the danger is over, she refused once again because she thinks it's her fight and she must stay. So on top of everything she is unreasonable too. Phoebe's character is also very childish and everything is made to be a joke, even with the enemies. I tried but I couldn't take the story serious and I know it's a romantic comedy/humor but why would you try to antagonize the enemy with jokes? Everything the h said was with sarcasm and even though I don't mind, there is a time and place for jokes.
1,Don't waste your money on this book. It is just a reprint of previous articles with short introductions that contain no new arguments.
1,Although the author purports to provide a potential pathway to reconnect with an estranged older daughter, she does not.
1,I know it is supposed to be funny but as someone who has always had both, cats and dogs, it seems to me that the writer clearly doesn't know much about cats.  I wonder if he has actually ever had one.  It says he is allergic so that is probably his reason for aversion.  Cats are not solitary or antisocial. None of mine have ever been destructive and have been wonderful companions. A lot of this book kind of annoyed me.  I don't like for people to promote stereotypes and I hate people who feel the need to tell me that they don't like cats.  Hey, I don't like most people, esp. children but I don't go around saying it without being asked for an opinion.  I gave it 2 stars for the photography.
1,I was really disappointed with The Professor and the Madman, but I had bought this too and was determined to read it, so I did. Like Winchester's other dictionary book, it failed to live up to its promise, but for somewhat different reasons. His purple prose style, which I found nigh unto intolerable in The Professor and the Madman, is toned down to some extent in The Meaning of Everything, but this book ends up being equally disappointing for its own reasons.		Essentially, this book takes a very interesting story and focuses on all the wrong parts of it. Winchester seems to fetishize Victorian England, a fetish I decidedly do not share; the space he devotes to romantic treatments of his Victorian gentleman scholars and their leisurely pursuits was thus wasted on me. He also devotes entirely too much of the book to discussions of political infighting among the various people and institutions involved in the making of the dictionary. He doesn't do this extremely well, so it's confusing, and it's not interesting anyway.		This leads to the real crime, which is his inexcusable neglect of the really interesting story of the dictionary and of the language it sought to catalog. Throughout the book there are asides about various issues of language: that "black" was a "terrible" word that took three months of work, that words headed by consonants were expected to be "lexically and etymologically far simpler" than words headed by vowels, but the letter B was much harder than expected. He even explicitly acknowledges how interesting all of this is, as he calls the introductory essays to the volumes of the OED-in-progress, addressing these and similar problems, "essential reading." But he ignores all of it himself, in favor of little teasers he will never discuss in detail, and for the sake of spending more time recounting the politics!		Very disappointing. This book could have been so much more.
1,Not worth the money
1,After reading recommendations with 4 and 5 stars, I, too, was expecting something better.  I found the storyline boring, the characters dull, and the action quite slow.  If you are looking for more humor, try The Wallflowers series by Lisa Kleypas or the "Slightly ..." series by Mary Balogh; or more sex, The Bastion Club series by Stephanie Laurens (although they get repetative).
1,Just didn't grab my interest
1,I have to separate out the writing from the characters in this book.  I despised the stupidity of the main character.  She was so dumb, every move she made I kept hearing the `Tums' advertising song in my head with the lyrics "Dumb, dumb dumb dumb DUMB!".  (You just sang that in your head, didn't you?)		SYNOPSIS (Small Spoilers):	Reclusive author, recovering from a car wreck, and a broken heart courtesy of her boyfriend, discovers that someone is impersonating her.  This person is signing books, but worst of all, the unknown is setting up social media in the name of the author, and attacking the author's ex-bf.  The author "Shay" finally confesses to bf "Elliot", a great and awful trauma that makes her shy of men.  Elliott helps Shay uncover the mystery.  Shay says "thanks for taking a bullet for me", then rides off into the sunset.  Elliot gives chase, kisses, cue hea (happily ever after).		PROS:	Good writing.  Interesting story line.  I like characters who are into books.  The hero Elliott owns a book store.		One of the main characters is a `virtual assistant'.  A personal assistant that does most of their work over the internet.  I actually met a person with this job at Pamela Clare's luncheon in Atlanta.  This is an amazing job that I had never heard of before.  I would have scoffed at the very idea, but they do exist and do valuable work for authors that is not necessary done in a traditional 9-5 office setting.		CONS:	My dislike stems the stupid decisions of the characters.		1) You don't ever EVER write an online diary.  The heroine had a place to purge all her bad thoughts and dreams, but it was on the internet.  Hasn't she heard of Snowden?  Nothing is really private on the internet.  Writing your bad feelings is cathartic, but no person with any sense at all would ever publish them on the internet no matter how anonymous.		2) Shay is a smart, educated, creative woman.  The minute she discovered an imposter was posing as her, she would have contacted her lawyer and sicced him on it, not tried to unravel the mess herself.		3) (Spoiler)  As a successful author, if Shay fired her agent, I'm pretty sure the agent would have flown to Alaska, and get in Shay's face, not just shrugged and dropped the issue.		4) Shay was recovering from a wreck.  Apparently getting it on with Elliott, removed all lingering injuries, and healed her at the speed of light. (They could sell that kind of medicine!)  It was like the author forgot about the wreck once the storyline started moving along.		5) Cursing that was out of place.  I'm not one to fuss about cursing, but the book felt like -- maybe an editor said "Go put some F words in the draft" or something.  It was like the author went out of her way to insert words where they weren't warranted by the situation.  That felt strange.
1,I was disappointed that the story line did not rhyme.  My grandson who is one loves to be read books but this one does not hold his interest because there is no rhyming.  I guess the glow in the dark gimmick was more important to the manufacturers.
1,First I must say, I normally like Cora Seton's books. I just didn't like the premise in this book. Not crazy about the men's agenda, but mostly not the women's commitment to a regency way of life. To me it seemed frivolous compared to other more important issues in the book. It made the women seem shallow. I do recommend other books from this author. This one just didn't cut it for me.
1,Before I give my review of this book, I want to make it clear that I normally do not read books like this but I wanted to see what this author's thoughts were on this subject.  This is not a book I would recommend to anyone.  It is clear that the author believes in Armageddon but in his version, the United States is "overrun" by Mexican illegal immigrants who want to "take back" the country.  The author often says he is not a racist.  However, given his condescending statements, it is not believable.  The author frequently makes it clear that he feels all Mexicans are just waiting for the opportunity to illegally sneak into the United States.  This clearly shows his racism.  The book is peppered with emotional scenes from both side of the "border".  However, most scenes lack a true emotional connection and instead feel hollow, like the author is only trying to make you think he cares.  For instance, when the author describes the abject poverty that a family lives with, you cannot feel any true sympathy from the author.  The author also oversimplifies the immigration problem throughout the book.  He would like the reader to believe that the immigration problem is the cause of all of the United State's problems.  I agree that the immigration issue is a problem but I do not believe the immigration issue is the cause of all of the country's problems.  For instance, does the United State's failure to control the Mexican border really have an impact on say, teenage pregnancies?  Or the collapsing economy?  Or the war in Afghanistan?  No.  I am sure immigration has an effect on this issues, but it is not the cause of these issues and it is nave for the author to imply that if the United States controlled its southern border better, none of these problems would exist.  In short, I would not recommend this book to my friends who tend to think like I do on the subject.  But of course, if you want a differing opinion, feel free to take a look at it.  (To comply with regulations by the Federal Trade Commission, please note that the publisher has provided me with a complimentary copy of this book or advanced reading copy through Booksneeze.)
1,The back cover blurb of "Wired" sounded intriguing.  The front cover art made it look as if it were a tie- in to some kind of underground animation, something like AEON FLUX.  (Seriously, they look like cartoon characters.)  So I bought it--new--and regretted it.		Roxanne is a traumatized young woman, but we're not sure why.  A routine trip to a 7-11 turns into a nightmare--and a joke, as the men literally fighting over her have some of the worst dialogue I have ever had the misfortune to read.  People do *not* talk like that.  They're supposed to be cagey manipulators of times and events, and they sound like frat-boy groupies.		Roxanne herself never seems to *do* anything.  A supposed "Major" factor in this conflict, she instead twitters and flutters like a cliched Southern belle with the vapors, and her work, which is the focus of this conflcit, remains vague and just this side of PopSci glitz.		It was the "romance" that killed this story dead for me:  neither man is at all appealing.  They seem more focused on each other than Roxanne (which wouldn't be a bad thing), but they display shocking levels of violence and callous disregard for people, with highly questionable ethics and humanity.  They fight over Roxanne not because of personal feelings for *her*, but to keep the other guy from winning.  She is a pawn, a tool, and the incredibly forced semi-happy ending is just insult to injury, and completely unbelievable in relation to what's gone on through the story.		Roxanne had a chance to dump them both and let them destroy each other--it would've been a much stronger book if she had.  Other characters exist to pat Roxanne on the head and say, "There, there, dear, it's all in your head, you poor traumatised thing.  Here, buy a sexy dress and go on a date, you'll feel better."		The book was an insult to my intelligence, an insult to women who *have* endured the horror of abusive relationships.  I have seldom been so angry after reading a book.  This one fails on every level.
1,The main character seemed stilted as did the relationship with her husband.  Many elements of the story seemed unoriginal and easy to predict.  It was ok as a vacation read, but that's about it.
1,With a title like "Mastering Remote Viewing", one expects to find practical instructions on how a normal person can learn and master the science of remote viewing. After reading David Morehouse's bestseller, "Psychic Warrior", I was intrigued as to who else had written on the subject of remote viewing.		I was a fool to believe someone with such a ridiculous pseudonym such as "Sapphire."		Netflix has a few remote-viewing DVDs available, I think I may add them to my list and see if I can find out more on this topic. (Morehouse claimed he was only able to have his abilities after he survived a severe head injury; if he is telling the truth, perhaps this "ability" isn't for everyone.)
1,I use a lot of techniques in this book, and the author does a good job of explaining them. However, his self-awareness is critically lacking, which is especially aggravating when he's holding himself up as an example of how aware a person can be. Specifically, he has a section called The SCARF Model for the Social Brain, where he describes five "domains of social experience ... that are so important to you that your brain treats them in the same way it treats survival issues": Status, Certainty, Autonomy, Relatedness, and Fairness. As far as I can see, nowhere does he acknowledge the fact that millions of people are trapped in situations where their status is low, their certainty is nil, they certainly have no autonomy, their relatedness is damaged because their status is low, and fairness is nonexistent. And they are trapped in living lives of constant survival-mode by our economic system.		In other words, it is extremely easy for this author, swaddled in the luxurious folds of Google, to teach the virtues of self-awareness, self-confidence, etc. Nowhere does he acknowledge that to a great extent, his SCARF issues were already taken care of so, sure, he had plenty of brainspace left to advance himself. He speaks briefly at the end of the book about how much easier it is to run charities when you're happy, but this way of life he's selling in this book is not available to *so* many people *because* of the system that he is profiting from. Is Google working to decrease the wealth gap, or is it making it worse?		This is a critical issue for this author and this book because until financial SCARF-based fairness exists in society, no one is spiritually mature. Some people are very, very happy, using these techniques, but they are not mature because others are suffering. There's a movie called The Examined Life with interviews of philosophers, and the first philosopher points out that it is unethical to be totally happy in this day and age. If your ethics are healthy, you *should* feel anxiety to a certain extent -- because this world has serious problems. The author gives lip service to awareness that these problems exist, but not to the fact that he represents part of the reason why those problems exist.		And this lack of self-awareness, by the way, leads to such travesties as his cartoon on page 15 -- two soldiers with machine guns about to enter a room full of smoke and hellfire, each motioning to the other saying, No, after you! The caption is: Nice Guys in the Military. This cartoon is NOT funny. It is tragic that the author thinks it is.		So there is some useful advice in this book, but be wary of who's delivering it and the limits of his agenda.
1,Who are these people??? They have the same names of the characters in the Harry Potter but besides the names they don't have anything else in common. It looks as the people who wrote the script just skimmed through the books just to cut and paste some scenes. I can't believe they treated such iconic characters and story with such disrespect. I have no words to express how disappointed I am. I wished I had not spent a penny in this rubbish and not wasted my time reading it. And no the format didn't bother me at all, I had read many plays before it's simply that it was a terrible plot that didn't make any sense and was not true to the essence of the Harry Potter storyline.
1,I thought the plot of the book was great and I got really excited to read it, but as I was reading it I felt myself falling asleep.  Literally the author repeats herself and says things that, in my opinion, does not need to be said.  The author needs to learn how to be descriptive without being overly descriptive.
1,A dramatic story, related to us in flowery, Restoration-style speech.  Historical characters spoke and moved about on our minds-eyes stage.  But something about this left them as shallow at the end as they were at the beginning.  Perhaps it was the narrative point of view that left little work for our imagination regarding either Henriettas or Monmouths feelings.  Perhaps it was the way-too-many overblown adjectives attached to the nouns that would have done better on their own.  The story somehow became a melodrama rather than the high tragedy it was in reality.
1,Binding falls apart easily
1,Interesting read, not really sure what I expected. Tended to be a bit ponderous. Still, it was a nice change from the usual modern story I often pick up
1,How could this author possibly know what dead people want to tell us? Was not impressed with this book.
1,As a 5th grade teacher I was forced to buy the Scholastic Children's Dictionary last year because I didn't have much money to spend and it was affordable.  After having spent a frustrating year trying to get some use out of this dictionary, I'm now purchasing another dictionary.  Why?  First, I was lucky enough to have more money available.  As many teachers can attest, this is a rare occurrence.  Second, the Scholastic Children's Dictionary just doesn't have enough words in it to be useful to my students.  Time and time again, words that my students needed to look up just weren't in this dictionary.  It's attractive enough; it has plenty of pictures; it includes a few word histories (I'd like more); and it has most of the other things you'd expect in a dictionary.  The problem is that it doesn't include enough words for children at my grade level.  I think it would be an adequate dictionary for 3rd grade students, but I wouldn't suggest it above that grade level.	Not wanting to make another mistake, I spent a considerable amount of time researching which dictionary to buy.  I looked at over 20 dictionaries, including Merriam-Webster Children's Dictionary, MacMillan Dictionary for Students, American Heritage Student Dictionary, and several others.  I finally settled on Thorndyke & Barnhart's Junior Dictionary.  I also liked their intermediate dictionary, but it cost considerably more and it didn't include much additional information.	What I liked best about the Thorndyke & Barnhart's Junior Dictionary was that it includes many more words than the Scholastic Children's Dictionary (almost double).  I typed up a list of over 200 words I couldn't find in the Scholastic Children's Dictionary and used this list when comparing the other dictionaries.  Not only did the Thorndyke & Barnhart's Junior Dictionary have more of the words than any of the other dictionaries I looked at, its definitions were more appropriate, I thought, for 5th grade students than the others.  The other dictionaries either dumbed-down the definitions to the point of loosing meaning or left some definitions so complex that students of this age group couldn't understand them.  The Thorndyke & Barnhart's Junior Dictionary had the best balance.  The choice was a surprisingly simple after I started really looking at the dictionaries and comparing them.
1,After having read all of his previous books,  this one was disappointing..  I think  Edwards  was anxious to move on to new characters
1,ok
1,Too heavy handed on the disfunctional family.  I felt beat up by the end of it.
1,This is a terrible booklet.  Clearly the author tried to translate this into English and failed.  Also, as another review mentioned, it's just the same information repeated over and over as filler text just to bulk up the content.  Amazon needs to find a way to block these fake, useless booklets that are a waste of a reader's time.  As a footnote, this author is peddling ten other booklets in this same manner.  Buyer beware....
1,I can see the glimmers of brilliance in this novel but it never truly grabbed me. I kept thinking, "Maybe if I read a little bit more, maybe a little bit more, maybe a little more..." until I was at 85% and realized it was as good as it was going to get. I don't know how a book involving so many instances of adventure can be so utterly boring. It's entirely overwritten and I'm still not sure what the message of the book is. It would've almost been better as a trilogy: Henry Whittaker's life and adventures, Alma and Ambrose, and then Alma's "journey." It's just way, way too much.
1,I actually liked the beginning, started disliking it toward the middle, and then hated it by the end.  It started out as an intriguing world but there wasn't enough detail for my taste. The character development was minimal and though there was plenty of storylines and a clear conflict, I feel like the resolution was not well done at all. I don't want to post spoilers specific to the plot but ultimately this book left me upset and unwilling to read anymore. There is a fine line between leaving the readers wanting more and not giving them enough in the first place. This book is an example of the latter.
1,Just a warning to other Dr. Suess fans, this book doesn't rhyme so it doesn't hold my daughter's attention for very long.
1,how this book even got published is beyond my comprehension.  people who gave this more than one star probably need to go back to school.  good thing it was free.  the writer should be ashamed.
1,I want my money back!  Spoiler ALert!  There is no "haunted castle", the Duchess plots to keep her son front the front during WWI, and the rooms are not "secret" (just not used).	This book is a boring recitation of all the battles of WWI.  Unless you have a great interest in the battles of WWI, skip this.  The "story" is a bore.
1,Too dry and boring,almost like a textbook to navigate. It plodded and was so slow that I put it down serval times and began reading something else. The lives of the Royals must really be tedious because this book certainly is.
1,I LOVED the Choose Your Own Adventure books from my younger days.  This has pictures that try to immerse you into the story, but it fails miserably.  I have to say that I HATED this purchase and tried to cancel my order right away.  I'm not even going to try to find other Choose Your Own Adventure ebooks after this one and will just try to find the ones from my youth in paperback.  VERY disappointed.
1,Author tries to hard to tell reader what to think.  I prefer more fact and less opinion.
1,I have enjoyed several Amy Tan books but this book was hard for me to like at all.  I read half of it thinking she would drop the light weight porn and delve more deeply into China and the politics of that era.  I was disappointed in her writing style with this book and didn't finish it.
1,My husband saw this on my wish list on Amazon and ordered it for me.  It's a cute book but not necessarily historic.  More like recipes, styles, decorating, etc.  It's OK for a fun book but not if you want something historic.
1,ick
1,Other l Carre enthusiasts might enjoy, but my enthusiasm diminished page by page. His characters and dialogue are great, as always. Also the friendly interrogations. The fault lies with the books structure.	Show, don't tell is wise advice to writers, and this tale demonstrates why. Its drama is diluted and eventually dissolved by lengthy memos within the Intelligence bureaucracy. Rather than reading reports and debriefings after an event, I prefer to be living it as it unfolds.	Another grouch: Whether national or personal, the story has no problem vital enough to carry the plot forward  or interest this reader.
1,I'm so over this slow series. The story is interesting but this idea of releasing mini books is so obnoxious. It would have earned 4 stars if the darn thing was just a volume or 2, not 6 books and counting. I'm boycotting this authors other books too. I'm not falling into her money trap anymore.	The story itself is interesting, but divided out it started to get confusing and the characters are stuck in a cycle. Get to the dang conclusion already!
1,I was sorry to begin to read and was blasted with horrible language. It would have been a sweet story but the swear words got to me.
1,I loved this story line that hooked me immediately however the ending was was beyond  disappointing. First of all I couldn't stand Antoinette`s character. She was such a coward in her life always running away or giving up from her problems. In the end she pleaded for Kayla to give her the second chance she needed, but it was so undeserving!!! She seduced Kaylas high school son for gosh sakes!!!! Then she ruined so many lives with her decisions. I can go on and on with how messed up this book ended but Antoinette not having to 'pay penance' for any of her disgusting, cowardess, deceiving behavior just passed me off. I want to jump inside that book and hug Theo and tell him the truth. He's a 18 year old adult and Wanted to love and raise his child. His mother should have recognized this and told him. I'm trying to like your books Elin Hildebrand, but 3 out of four endings have not been good. Left me frustrated beyond belief!!!
1,Not good. With there being no basis in history for the outcome it all seems a little pointless. Yawn yawn.
1,I have this problem. When I start a book, I feel compelled to finish reading it. No matter how bad it is. It is a problem I am working on.		When I read books like this, and then see 5 star ratings, I can not help but wonder if I am reading the same book. I usually hold back on scathing reviews. For one, I have a bit of respect for any person who puts themselves on the chopping block by publishing (especially self-pub) their work. Second, I am the fool who read the whole book and didn't get paid to do it, so I need to take on some of the responsibility. This book plot is clichd, and I could forgive that if it was done well. However, it is so poorly written it is difficult to read. Literally. When an author does not form proper sentences, the flow is thrown off. Not everyone will notice this, or care. We live in a texting and twitter-character-limit world after all. I personally do not appreciate stumbling over sentences. Rereading them to try to figure out what the author means is frustrating and, quite honestly, not my job as the reader! It messes with my reading pace, which throws off my enjoyment of the book. This book would benefit from a skilled editing. Sadly, that would still not fix the myriad of issues this book has in it.		First, I picked this book because it was a (thankfully) freebie posted by another author I read, and I remembered FuriosFotog posting about the cover picture. The blurb seemed interesting enough. I was 16% in and already skimming paragraphs. It is not that it is boring, it is just that there is far too much trivial information. It needs to be condensed better. I found myself blah, blah, blah'ing a lot of it. I skimmed a major part of the book, as in skipped entire paragraphs- pages even- and still feel like I did not miss anything important.		My second issue has to do with writing style. The dialogue is a bit much to handle. At times it is juvenile, other times it is ok but laced with far too many unnecessary swear words - even for a bunch of Marines. The dirty talk outside the bedroom is a bit off putting. I can honestly say in my lifetime, which includes being around some less than tactful, military folk, no one has mentioned needing to be balls deep in their woman so badly. Dee commented that it is "hot" is a bit disturbing. It's not hot, it's creepy. Also, I appreciate an element of surprise. What gets to me though is when authors hint and hint at information without divulging anything. And then by the time they reveal it all, you're like, well duh?!		Izzy has some serious, major, see-a-shrink, issues. Her boozing is a huge red flag of half her issues. I have to keep remembering she is 30, not 13. She is one giant train wreck. I wouldn't wish her saddled with anyone.	Axel had more appeal when he kept his mouth shut.		Few inconsistencies in the story make it hard to track. Even when I was actually paying attention I was confused. Skipping paragraphs seemed less confusing.		This is a series I would not continue with. The other characters held no real interest to me. I don't feel the need to hear their stories.
1,Way to gruesome for me.  Not believable.  A serial killer in the FBI?  Give me a break.  Not believable that Luke could track someone	across multiple states and always be lurking.  A woman voluntarilly having sex with the guy that cut her fingers off??  I don't think so.
1,This is a book about professional golf by an author who admits in the book that when he he was younger, he didn't really like professional golf. In the book, there are two types of golf: Before Tiger and After Tiger. The book explains that before Tiger, golf was for nerds. It says that those who played it then were not really athletes. They were goofs that the real stud jocks wanted nothing to do with. In its chapter on the Masters, it explains that ordinary golf just used to bore people to death.		But then came Tiger Woods who by the account in the book inspired a whole generation of kids through his "power" and "style" that golf could be something other than a goof sport for the unathletic. Tiger Woods seems to have been their Hulk Hogan.		The generation of kids who laughed at golf before Tiger then grew up. The book sees them as now transforming every aspect of the game and finishing Tigers work of making golf into a respectable real sport.		The book's view of Tiger Woods is less than realistic. It claims that Woods as a golfer only started to decline in 2014. That his decline is all attributable to his "aging body". Realistically, woods has been in decline for years with the reasons for his decline being all over the map.		What you get in this book is an attempt to remake golf in Tiger's image through writing. The problem with that is that the new generation of golfers are not little tigers nor do they need to define themselves in terms of Tiger. The book's love for Tiger Woods and contempt for golf before Tiger doesn't do it much credit.		These types of books usually appear at the end of particular eras in golf. The old guard (the traditionalists) try to define the new era in terms of the old era. It happened with Palmer. It happened with Jack. Now its happening with Tiger. The author is very much a "tiger" traditionalist. And like traditionalists, he wants to complain about things that don't matter anymore (what golf was like 20 years ago) and pretend that while things are changing, they are not really changing.		The book attacks Augusta and the masters by taking on a man who died 30 years ago and long before the author was even born. But you kind of get the impression by the end of the chapter that the problems are not so much with Augusta's past but rather the fact that Augusta doesn't cater to journalists. The book compares Augusta to North Korea and then justifies the comparison with examples such as a complaint about how sportswriters can't use their phones out on the course. The book tells the story of a CBS employee who "just" crossed under the ropes at one of the greens and was stopped by people working for the tournament. The book's examples are unconvincing because they all seem to involve situations where the rules at public events should somehow not apply to journalists. As well, comparing the experience at Augusta to North Korea is more than a bit over the top.		The book also operates under the charming false idea that in the old days, the guys on the tour were genteel aristocrats and that the attitudes of the younger guys represent something new. But its not so. The book confuses how golf was *covered* in the old days with what pro golf was really like on the tour. The book never quite gets that what has actually changed is not the golfers, but rather how the media covers the golfers.		Even the title doesn't make much sense. The Tiger slayed himself several years ago. Golf has moved on. The book is correct in that there is a new generation of golfers. But its not correct in trying to make all of them into little Tigers or claiming that golf is about making the next tiger or looking for the next tiger.		The book could have been better if it had just covered the new generation of players on the tour and left out alot of the attacks on the history of game and left all the Tiger Woods stuff out.
1,This book is just like the movie ~~ almost word for word ~~ so if you've seen the movie, don't buy this book. If you haven't seen the movie, buy the book ~~ then see the movie, you won't be disappointed.	It's a fast read ~~ perfect for a lazy sunny afternoon at the pool ~~ it doesn't go into depth about anything and it reads "like the movie" ~~ so you have a mental image of the characters gliding along in the book.	If you're looking for a meaty in-depth look of the characters and of the times, this is not the book to read. If you just want to recapture the memory of the movie ~~ this is the perfect book for that!	6/1/04
1,This book isn't worth the money. As indicated in the review title, it's a religious novel. The main male character (can't call him a hero) is a handsome, snivelling weakling. Think Orlando Blume in Troy. The main female character is sweet, kind, beautiful, and completely lacking in personality. The story line is good but poorly developed. The writing is sub par, and not true to the time period. Don't spend your money or your time on this one.
1,returned.  not what was expected.
1,I normally don't review books that I read for class, mainly because I tend to think in two different patterns - one when I'm reviewing, and one when I'm analyzing a text for all it's literary nuances and how it uses certain phrasing and whatnot.		And, for most of Go Ask Alice, I managed to keep in the thought process of of literary nuances and how it uses certain phrasing and whatnot. But the reviewer part of my brain was nagging me, going, "You would recommend Crank over this. You know you would and you know you know why."		And since I can never deny the reviewer half of me... I would recommend Ellen Hopkins' Crank over this.		It's not because Go Ask Alice lacks merit; I see why it would have transformed the world around it and so on and so forth when it was originally published.		But I don't think a lot of readers today, myself included, are going to be as aweshocked as they were back then. Not because we're exposed to more reading material like it, but damn it all if Alice didn't talk the same way every stereotypical drug addict from that time period ever talked.		I mean, I know stereotypes come for a reason, and I know it was a real diary and whatever, so it can't exactly be helped. But it borders on being cheesy at times - talking about The Establishment and the man in ways that drive me insane. It's part of that time period and she is young and that's how she thinks.		But I can't help but be annoyed by it. It just comes across a bit fake, even though they claim it's not.		Unfortunately, it is, of course; perhaps if it were a true story, I'd be able to deal. But despite how it's marketed, it is placed in the fiction section for a reason - it was written by two adult women. (When we talk about this in my ya lit class, I'll mention how that affects how people read it and so on and so forth, but really, it's just more annoying than anything.)
1,I was a little disappointed by this book. The first 75% of the book is all fluff. She doesn't get serious until chapter 9. If you are really serious about weight lifting, I would recommend Joyce Vedral. Her books are very helpful.
1,I was very disappointed with this book. It was like watching paint dry. While I liked Zoey in Lainy's, she seemed weak and wishy-washy. Her character did not seem credible: awesome, strong interior designer but turns into a blabbering idiot in front of a guy she slept with? We all have moments of weakness but she appears to have no self-control, which contradicts how she's described career-wise. I found that Ryder was not remotely likable or swoon-worthy. I knelt thinking pesky little cousin instead flirty-playful hot guy. There was no chemistry between the characters. The dialogue was uncomfortable and I found myself skipping over paragraphs in hope of getting to an interesting part. This book was painful for me to read. If you like quirky, rom-coms, this book isn't for you. I didn't laugh or swoon or wish I was her or that he was mine. So very disappointed.
1,This book could be summarized in a few sentences. The power law of scale-free networks applies to human activities. We do things in bursts. "Punctuated equilibrium" might be another aspect of this clumpiness. There are patterns of human behavior and being unpredictable is also a pattern (predictably unpredictable). Some people are more so than others. Given enough data, we are entirely predictable even as a group just like the weather.		I didn't care for the story of this Hungarian hero that takes more than half the book.
1,It is a heart warming story!
1,I haven't read this yet since it just arrived two days ago, but I am looking forward to the new story line I will find.
1,I wanted to like this book. I really did. I feel terrible giving it such a low rating but there were just too many things that pissed me off that I just couldn't give it a higher rating.		The Good: I liked the world of Durt that the author created. It was imaginative and I wanted to learn more about the different places and creatures that could be found there. The generally storyline was interesting. The whole thing with Ashe's blood and how basically every fae wants to kill her just because she was born was a good plot line and I was intrigued to find out why her blood was so special.		The Bad: Pretty much everything else :/ The characters I felt didn't show any development throughout the entire book. The romance was nauseating and that is saying something because I am a hopeless romantic. I just didn't get it. They knew each other for a week, barely spoke more than 5 words to each other and they're all of a sudden declaring their undying love for one another and how they would risk anything to be together. Like seriously?! I wanted to slap the two of them. You cannot feel that way about someone after a week!! Especially when this dude has been stalking you for god knows how long. The two of them pissed me off to no end! OK what else...the ending! Like how?! Ugh! There was also a lot of grammatical errors. I received an ARC copy so I don't know if these are in the final edition but some serious editing is needed. There are other things that pissed me off but I'll leave it at that or else I'll just keep going off on a rant for ages.		I really hate writing bad reviews and I'm really disappointed that I didn't like this book but that's just the way things go. I don't know if I'll read the next book when it comes out :/
1,Ballet references were superb.	The rest of book did not hold up. I slogged through it hoping for some reason to like the characters or story line. So disappointed after "seating arrangements"
1,Too dark for my taste.
1,if you can spend a few hours with a book immersed in cruelty and cussing from a string of psychotics bent on battering a bunch of kids, especially one boy who tells the story - then this is your cup of poison. I suppose it's well written because the descriptions are quite vivid if very unappatising.	I'm glad it didn't cost much and I certainly hope it soon slides off the promotion space.	If you need more detail - it's about 8 brothers and their terrifying mother and wimpy father who live in a shack with outhouse and get water from a well and seem to live off hunting and berry picking.	I would suggest you look for something better to spend you time on.
1,This is a historical fiction collection of short stories focusing on girls who made "radical" decisions for their time.  The radical decision can be something as simple as deciding to pursue higher education or passing as white.  I thought the collection was a bit boring.  The featured girls were a bit lackluster.  Unfortunately, this book just wasn't for me.
1,I didn't even want to finish the book but I felt there had to be more to this story. So dark and hard to comprehend.
1,I gave this book 2 stars, primarily because I actually finished it. This book had me hooked right away. About halfway through it dawned on me that it resembled the movie "The Heppening" which was utterly horrible that I almost deleted the book mid sentence. However, I persevered and moved along. The book was really good, even creepy. Until the ending. It can only be compared to the movie National Lampoons Vacation when they finally made it to Wally World and it was CLOSED. I was completely shocked at the lack of answers and how fast it ended. If you want to waste your time on a good plot but lack luster ending, be my guest.
1,I couldn't do it!!! I loved the books leading to this one. All hopes of doing anything but reading were slashed. The household was ran by others, my job was put on the back burner. The books were exactly what I love! They have paranormal, romance, great story line, action and violence. They were perfect. Then we get to "Iced" and it's in the pov of a 14 year old? Um, no. Hell no. In no way can I stand to read from a 14 year old girls perspective with all the "dudes and mans." Nope, not going to happen. This book killed the series for me. Dead as a door nail. If anyone can recommend other paranormal romance series, please let me know!!!
1,I fully expected a mature, spiritual book about a young man raised by two people who happen to be a former priest and sister. It could have been a great book!  Instead, it is the usual blah blah about sexually inhibited, molesting priests, desperate, unhappy sisters.  In order not to give this author the glory, I returned the book unread after around 40%. Don't waste your time. It has all been written before, as one previous reviewer mentioned, with a lot less verbiage.  Ugh!  As a former sister, I happen to KNOW it just wasn't all that. Some of us were happy.	Reader beware. Save your money.
1,"Illustrated edition" =/= graphic novel. I was expecting the original Hobit text with "illustrations", not a manga version. Others may enjoy this but its not what I wanted at all.
1,I hate to add to the chorus of naysayers here, but the version I purchased had the errata built in and no recipe I've tried from it has worked. Which is sad, because I was really excited when I found it on the shelf - especially because it has a chapter on sourdough and chapters on bread shaping for gluten free flours, both of which are topics I feel are woefully undercovered. The Flying Apron was purchased by a new owner a few years ago and the quality of their breads improved afterward. If these were the original methods, I can see why.
1,Received this book from my son for Christmas.  If it hadn't been for the fact that he picked it out himself, and that I like to finish what I start, I would have probably not read this book from beginning to end.  It started out okay, but the characters were shallow and the plot was predictable, with a barrage of typical twists, one after the other.  It felt like the author was desperate for any plot twist that might extend the length of the book.  I really like historical fiction, but there was very little history in this book.....even though it was set in early 1900's the story read more like a modern day novel.
1,I think the boy watched too much Batman as a kid. Lots of chases followed by incredibly detailed explanations of motive by the villains whilst the heroes are in their clutches. Convenient but not realistic. Oh, and did I mention the narrow escapes after each capture. Over and over and over again; just like Batman.
1,This is not Agatha Christie's Murder, this is the perverted version with the introduction of interracial sex as the possible motive for the murder
1,Mercifully short--I got through it in just over an hour.  Of course, that's an hour I'll never get back.		Roosevelt appears to pine for the days of hard work and blood-soaked sacrifice while imagining a civil war largely free of bloodshed because of all these cute little robots the forces of the glorious revolution magically come up with.  Oh yeah, and nukes and Star Wars and every damn thing--as if nuclear physics is covered in a theocratic curriculum!  As if neoreactionary rage at the American machine is at all compatible with technological savvy!  Most technological advances these days are coming from cities and communities filled with people the author hates!  As well, I don't like the chances of the author's drone-building ability when he can't tell the difference between "its" and "it's" and can't check basic, well-known geographic locations (Snowqualmie?!) with freaking Wikipedia!		But it's worth something, at least--this is another plank in the ugly, rusty-nail-infested floor that is modern reactionary thought, and it's priceless insight into that unintentionally comedic movement.  But next time, please, hire a freaking editor.
1,I was given this book as a gift, And now I see why, First off just by reading the intro and the back cover,(Norman Mailer-Leftist Commie praises the book),second the book screams "Look at me" and is written by a Lawyer! some of the praise for the book and information that is depended on(The Nation-Communist Magazine) along with such A out of this world accusation,could only be leveled by the fringe of society, the conspiracy theorists,those who say we did not land on the moon,harvey did not act alone etc. usually associated with Leftists(the Nation,huffpo,etc.)The book in it's intro mentions "Imperialism" along with the CIA, and it also quotes A article written by the Nation about Bush Sr and the CIA,also plugs the Author's books and movies. All of this has been said before*the author started it*, And even by Castro himself(he is such a dependable source,yeah sure). They (The Left) cannot fathom that A COMMUNIST no LESS did it himself(Oswald) and Acted Alone! they want to spin it to make it seem is if it was our "Imperialist" Government. If you want to read a Great Novel indulge yourself, If your looking for Substance and sanity look elsewhere.
1,Felt that the writer was more interested in "artful prose" than in actually saying anything. Had already wasted my money, didn't waste my time by finishing it.
1,I was very hopeful that this course would be as good as Dr. Gurgevich's other books and CD's.  But I think it falls FAR short.  The lecture series of CD's is good and informative so I was really looking forward to starting on the CD's that would address specific problems, but they are nothing more than re-hashed lectures that he has already given in the first 6 CD's.  He does lead you into going into trance and then deepening the trance state but that's it.  I was hoping for some visualizations or suggestions or scenarios specific to the problem that he is supposed to be addressing for a particular problem but that doesn't happen.  If it was his idea that you are on your own to develop your own visualizations, his constant lecturing makes it nearly impossible for the listener to do this.  It is almost like he took one basic script and inserted each ailment that he was addressing into the same script which happens to be just a composite of his earlier lectures.  My recommendation is to save your money and keep looking for a good self hypnosis guide.  There is bound to be one out there!
1,This is difficult to give a star rating to. The book itself was pretty good. I found it reasonably easy to read and fairly informative. I think I might have appreciated a few more anecdotes but I enjoyed the ones that were there.		The real problem I had, I guess, is more with Amazon. I ordered the new version of the book (not used) and, eventually, I noticed that the book kept referring to a CD. I did not get a CD. When I emailed customer support, they told me that they can't guarantee that media will be included with the book. Not only did I not get a refund but they couldn't even send me a new copy with the CD (since they couldn't guarantee that the new copy would have the CD).		I got through the class fine without the CD but there was a lot of research I had to do online to find some of the information I needed. For instance, we were expected to be able to recognize the gods and goddesses of Hindu by their pictures. The problem is that only some of the pictures are actually in the book - most of the pictures are on the CD.		In the end, I'm now going to be MUCH more careful about getting textbooks from Amazon. Check them out immediately upon receipt and make sure they have extras that were supposed to come along with them.		In the end, the book itself is probably a four-star book - maybe 3.5. The rest of the downgrade is to warn you about ordering it from Amazon.
1,The last 75 percent of the book is the big fight with the bad guy and lots of sex.  That's it.  No plot just sex.  I was very bored.  The last book in her other series was like this too.  Is Feehan even writing this stuff anymore?  Plot used to be her gift.
1,Why we have a separation of church and state, and why (if the world is going to survive) that separation needs to be worldwide.		When people believe that (their) God is instructing them how to run their government, then it completely precludes any chance of diplomacy between nations.		It is absurd to think that the problems in the Middle East are somehow prophesized and predetermined by the Bible, the Koran, or any other holy book.		I wonder if the author of this book is up to date on the numerous issues at stake in Israel and Palestine, particularly the settlements and Israel's violation of the 4th Geneva convention. I doubt it. I would venture that the author thinks that the Jews have a holy right to the promised land, so we should wipe out the Arabs or force them from "Eretz Israel" (which includes most of Iraq).		I'm not placing the blame solely on the shoulders of the Israelis, for the Islamic nations have committed just as many sins in this affair, most of which are well known in the United States and therefore not necessary to introduce.		Until religious fundamentalism is removed from politics, a concentrated and coordinated few will dominate politics in the Middle East and (sadly) in America.  Because religions vary so wildly from person to person and country to country, they must be removed completely from politics.
1,(updated 6x)  The 4th work was not proofread (Who edited this thing?)  "Hs" is not a word, and you are pierced with a weapon not "pieced".  The most fun one so far: (Location 4272) "How else was the universe created by the Big BAND in the first place?"  Stretchy rubber string theory, or was Glenn Miller In the Mood?  See the end of the review for an extended excerpt.  Also the third thing which a black hole doesn't destroy is charge (as in electromagnetism).		Chapter 119 appears to have been copied verbatim and shoehorned in as chapter 19 with the ending paragraphs altered for continuity but not fully patched (why it is 119->19 and not vice versa).  They aren't deja vu or a karmic cycle or something else.  I have not seen this in any other SF/F including some really trashy stuff although one old English Horror movie I remember with Vincent Price did literally splice a car chase scene so the identical footage appeared twice within a few minutes.  No one at his publisher caught this?  Or the other reviewers?  The editor?		I'd be curious to see what, besides the 4th work which appears to be new is different from&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/William-Hope-Hodgson-s-Night-Lands-Volume-2-Nightmares-of-the-Fall/dp/0955478316/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">William Hope Hodgson's Night Lands Volume 2: Nightmares of the Fall</a>		Then there is the world/plot.  (mild spoilers).  The ban on man killing another man is so strong there is no word for it in their language.  But what is life?  Body?  Soul?  Both?  Suicide over capture.  A son kills the ghost of his father - there is no word for murder but there is for paricide.  One character is left to die of dehydration and/or starvation.  Is life sacred or not?  Or what is life?  If you know with absolute certainty that you will be reincarnated (to the same caste - no karma), what is the taboo?  Death (murder) is separation of body and soul (permanently, or until the ressurection), but would have different implications in this world - which Wright fails to explore.  Laws and customs and taboos that are "never to be violated" are and almost casually.  The "advanced" humans with technology to make them behave are petty and corrupt - as bad if not worse than today.  I'm not sure what they are honoring in either the breach or the observance.  There is no moral tension because the string isn't tied down.		Normally spirit and matter differ in something well beyond kingdoms (as in kingdoms, phyla, animal, vegetable, mineral, taxonomy).  Yet the materialist science of matter (physics, eugenics) seems to consider spirit as just an extension we just haven't discovered yet, so we can have soul, mind, spirit molded by the will of man using technique just as we do matter.  There was a hint of that in one story where psychic abilities apparently aren't subject to eugenics, but in another story, all have the ability.  Which is it?  I've already mentioned the pettyness and corruption.		For the last story, they describe the group of 8 as "if the entire history was a year", all from January 2 or 1, or Dec 31.  Statistics anyone?  They aren't scattered through history, but are at the ends.  Then as it is ending, physics doesn't apply and the ending is sentimental, but not profound.  When something is done for "love" it helps if you can tell if it is eros, philea, or agape.	ood deception in NightHounds.		In Awake in the Night, there was a trite plot crash.  A prophecy is fulfilled in the scene it is given.  No tension, no "free will" paradoxes, just "you will say something that sets into motion" and the next sentence in what he says, but they neither appear to realize it, nor are they afraid of it, nor is it mentioned again.		There is also the matter where it opens in a Library where there is a detailed description of how they have forgotten the Sun and the Moon and the Stars, and what the sky was like.  Later, an historical memory of a tiger under "a burning sun", and later "a star".  Either they would be so ignorant as not to understand what they are seeing, or this historic memory would fill in the details.  There was no "recall", just the "no man knows what they were" at the start, and perfect recognition later, including in a scene straight out of Return of the King where Sam in Mordor sees a star above a tor.		Another thing about Tolkien is that he has a rich and deep universe.  The Last Redoubt is shallow.  They have a million years and know all technology, but cannot build a road of light, some other weapons, drones to see more clearly to go on the offensive, or at least prepare a better defense (I'm sorry, but behemoths that move slower than intercontinental drift might be stopped with a group of people with jackhammers, C4, or who knows what).  I've already described the amorphous morality - is "life" the spirt, body, the unity of both, or something else?		I've mentioned they have foretellers - prophets that apparently know an unalterable future.  And time-travel and paradox. One of the stories seems to be about thwarting it and instead of engaging, it falls flat.  The words are pretty and entertaining and characters and subplots interesting.  But the Author is stamping out and swatting at bugs, not taking on lions, tigers, and bears.explored.		Another bit of shallowness is there are many great themes.  Why women are banned from going out (hold it, prophecy says the future is locked, so it shouldn't matter), aristocracy v.s. democracy, what is the "ideal" apex human.  Themes that have seen many variations.  Instead of a great symphony, I get a medley of themes like "Hooked on classics".		Also, while the humans are a bit different in the identical passages above - having learned or changed, the abhumans are exactly what they were, no bigger, smaller, stronger, weaker, slower, faster, more or less numerous, nor in a different place.  Also it seems the Night-hounds and the rest of the 3d matter material beings.  More shallowness is a lack of an ecology.  Tolkien has a problem with Mordor in that I would expect everything to starve.  Here, there are no plants, little life, yet the abhumans and night-hounds manage to find enough to eat.		I suppose the worst thing is the Night Land is not terrifying.  Stephen King knows how to make the ordinary nightmarish scary.  In the Nightlands, there are noxious substances that irritate and burn (and apparently the "armor" is not sealed a space suit - or even a wetsuit), so there are things to fear but whatever damage the soul takes is left unexamined.  Does one get a feeling as if the worst death of your closest loved one?  Primordial fear of death?  Some siren making threats and offers for betrayal?  Fear of pain and torture?  Who knows.  There are only hints, and the technology apparently can detect and cure most things.		If I had to go through the Amazon jungle, there are leopards, anacondas, piranha, and various poisonous or venomous creatures.  The Night Land threats are much like that.  You get hurt, maimed, or often instantly killed.  It takes something to turn even dangers into terrors.  An unknown or a malevolence or an anti-providence, something slow that toys with you.  Suspense.  It is not present here.  The threats are either too well understood, or too unknown or abstract.  Ordinary respectful fear of something dangerous is as scary as it gets.		Yet Wright knows how to write, at least at the basic levels.  The characters and the plots are interesting and sufficiently intricate and the story reveals its mysteries at a proper pace.  But it ends up like a daily commute or planned tour instead of into a new, unexpected, and exciting place.  Enjoyable, but forgettable.		Perhaps I am being too hard because this work as well as the author has been hyped so much.  This doesn't live up to the hype.		As an example of the lack of proofreading, Chapter 149, starting in the 2nd paragraph: (emphasis added)	Swift as a falcon STOOPing, I was thrown...  The debris thrown up FORM the crater WERE taller... less than a foothill, COMPARE to these...		What am I to think of Castalia House except they don't respect me enough as a reader, customer, or lover of SF/F that they would remove the turds from the banquet table?
1,The quickest way I can tell you how I feel about this book is that I came to it with high expectations.  Some important people told me it was awesome, and that I'd really like it.		As I got going in it, I found myself mildly interested in some of the characters.  The world I didn't really find that interesting.		Some stuff happened to those characters, but not enough that I'd say there was a plot.  By that I mean that this novel didn't really build a series of events up to a culmination that then paid off to a conclusion.  Instead, a series of characters were gathered together for the adventure I can only assume happens in the next book..  Maybe that book will be better.		I, however, will likely read many other books before I come back to see if that is true.
1,Ramblings of television shows, authors, philosophers, media of the 1990's, et al with no offering of beneficial enlightenment at all.	Hoping for much more value in "A Tolerable Anarchy".
1,Quit reading. Do not like books of someone that really loves slicing other human to pieces.
1,If you don't use dehydrated cheese, eggs, and other liquids, this book will be a waste of money for you. This book claims to "cut the cost of convenient mixes by at least 50 percent". The only way you can really do that is like I said, already purchase the dehydrated ingred. Just in case you are wondering where you can even purchase these dehydrated items, conveniently she sells them on her website. Spending $25. on a can of dehydrated cheese will not assist me in cutting down on my convenient mixes. Hmmmm  There are plenty of other ways to save by cooking your own mixes and baking from scratch.		I would have to recommend the "More With Less Cookbook" by Doris Janzen Longacre. She gives you enough ideas like homemade oatmeal and basic all-purpose mix to encourage and insipe you to go the extra mile and make your own homemade instant oatmeal. There are so many other ways to REALLY save money by making your own mixes.		Sorry, I can't recommend this book.
1,OK
1,Barnes spins a pretty fantasy about GWB, explaining away his mistakes, gross mismanagement and...dissembling...as courageous acts of a Washington outsider.		What's with publishing these days?  James Frey didn't fictionalize his memoir half as much as Barnes glosses over the truth about this administration and Bush's policies in this purported "biography".		Facts.  Truth.  Why is the right-wing in this country so afraid of them?  With this book, Barnes makes an excellent contribution to conservative hagiography.  This would also have made an interesting novel--a fictitious, maverick president bucking the Beltway establishment.  Unfortunately, it bears no resemblance at all to the reality of this administration and its (disasterous) legacy for America.		Hopefully, when "Rebel-in-Chief" is reprinted, it will have a disclaimer, just like Frey's misleading effort will.  And hopefully any future editions of "Rebel" will be correctly filed under "Fiction".
1,One of those books I debated not finishing. There has only been one of those. I kept waiting for something to happen and it never did. Ending has to be one of the worst I have read.
1,Just another pathetic Darwinistic attempt to prop up the failing Whig cosmology.		Darwinism has been intellectually neutered by the likes of Stephen C. Meyers, Douglas Axe, Michael Behe, even Stephen J Gould.	The theory is mathematically intractable and statistically ridiculous.
1,My husband and I just began the nutrition plan suggested in the book. I'll report back when I have more information on our experience.		One of the items in the book that convinced me to buy it was the promise that much more additional information was available on the website related to the book. But when I went to the website and checked out the terms, I found it to be the most overreaching website I've seen. Not only does it want a lot of personal information about you (including your phone number), but, under the terms and the so-called privacy policy, that information can be freely shared with others. Also, you agree that, while the content is free now, you can be charged for it in the future.		If you're interested in the book, fine. It seems to have good information. But don't buy the book thinking you'll get the full information from the website unless you're prepared to sacrifice your privacy.  At a minimum, check the website ([...]) and its terms and privacy policy to see if you're prepared to give up so much private information about yourself. You  can't get the oft-referred-to-in-the-book companion guide unless you do so.
1,I get books partly for their physical feel so that is why the printing quality matters to me. This book has standard average design cover. The inside looks like a bad xerox copy that looks like a make-to-order book. I had ordered another edition of the identical book hoping to regain the lost quality in this edition. I do admit that I had not read the book so my comment should not have any bearing on its content.
1,In theory, the story is intriguing -- Hayley Jo Zimmerman, a teenager from a tiny ranching community, is abducted and murdered by a serial killer. After she's left their lives, various individuals ranging from her father to her neighbors to the killer himself take turns telling their stories in brief chapters. While the objective seems to be shedding light on the deceased girl's life in a unique way, the author's style is just plain confusing. It often takes some time for each of the narrators to become clear, which is a problem especially when the reader's encountering each person for the first time.		Then, even when the reader's gotten at least a basic grasp on who's who, the chapters - vignettes, really - are difficult to follow. It seems that Meyers wanted something edgy and unique, something that would tease out a story bit by bit. But it just seemed too disjointed, too sparse -- and too much work to try to interpret, making it hard to stay focused and interested.
1,Try as I might, I couldn't get access to the scripts to use in self hypnosis as promised in the ads.  Crummy writer.
1,Page 175:		  "How do analysts correlate irregular footsteps [on a tread-reading floor pad] and typos [in batches of email] with dementia? The research starts in the laboratory, with the sensors nowhere in SITE."		  Should be "nowhere in SIGHT.  (Although, if the author were talking only about email, it might have read "with the censors nowhere in sight.")		Page 207:		  "But when Josh Gotbaum's political program POURS through the consumer data and ..."		  Should be "pores through"		bw
1,It's been going on six years and no new book. Ends on a major cliffhanger and there seems to be no conclusion. Purchase at your own risk. Author has disappeared and no longer posts on social media.
1,Throughout my life, I have read To Kill a Mockingbird many times. The characters are well developed, and the story speaks to the emotions of growing up in the south during the civil rights movement. Go Set a Watchman never allows Scout to grow up, and the reader doesn't get to know Atticus as a man. Both characters are shallow; the book spends much too long telling a story that is not very interesting.
1,Ingredients are repeated on the next page frequently. Printing is a mess.	Recipes often include long lists of ingredients. Quantities are ridiculous - most people will NOT be cooking for a soup club and therefore will have cut recipes by half of even two-thirds.
1,Isolde: Queen of the Western Isle is the first of the Isolde and Tristan Trilogy. Miles is no stranger to this form having produced the "Guenevere Trilogy."		Isolde lives in Ireland with her mother the Queen, a sex addict, and the queen's many knights. She fights with her mother constantly and wishes nothing more than to leave, like most young women stuck at home with their mothers. Isolde's character often comes off as childish and annoying. Not to mention extremely paranoid, something I don't see from a woman trained by a Lady of Avalon.		Tristan of Lyonesse is the nephew of King Mark of Cornwall. After Tristan's father remarries a treacherous woman he is asked to leave the family and life he loves. He becomes a knight in his uncle's court where he becomes King Mark's chosen heir because he has no son, much to the dismay of another nephew at court.		Britain and Ireland go to battle. Tristan is wounded and separated from his troops and surprisingly (not) is found by Isolde who nurses him back to health. He does not reveal who he is to her and they spend much time together and of course fall in love. There is a lot of foretelling throughout and the story is somewhat predictable.		When Tristan goes back to Britain, Isolde feels betrayed and vows never to love again. This oath seems a bit extreme to me as I did not feel the love between them.		Tristan is also heartbroken with leaving her behind and indirectly asks King Mark to arrange a marriage with the Queen of Ireland's daughter but Mark confuses the request and plans to wed Isolde himself. Isolde easily gives in to her mother's request to marry King Mark to bring peace to both lands. The king wants Tristan to escort Isolde to Cornwall. Torn, Tristan does as his king requests and travels to Ireland to bring back the future Queen.		Worried about the strength of the match, the Queen of Ireland gives Isolde's lady-in-waiting a potion to be given to Isolde and the King the night of their wedding, "A drink to make her love her husband and forget the man of her heart." Of course it doesn't go that way because destiny is stronger than any potion. The concoction is mistakenly drunk by Isolde and Tristan and reinforces their love for one another. As if their love wasn't strong enough. Their passion is consummated.		You may be thinking I'm giving too much away but I'm not. The story is predictable even for someone who isn't familiar with the tale. I was expecting so much more from this title. The romantic scenes were fluff. The first love scene between Isolde and Tristan was meant to be enchanting and mesmerizing but it came off as laughable. I cringed. I didn't feel the strength of their love but was told about it excessively.		The omnipresent point-of-view was confusing most of the time. There was no way of deciphering the changes of POV until well into the paragraph. Reading was slowed down mostly because I had to figure out what head I was in. For a book titled Isolde it seemed to spend a lot of time in other people's heads and took a lot longer to read than it should have.		There is an off shoot story about Arthur, Guenevere and the paternity of a young boy that was distracting and provided no fodder for the Isolde storyline other than to show everyone knew everyone else and were friends.		Isolde opens with a diagram of the family trees of Cornwall, Lyonesse and Pendragon followed by a crude map depicting the kingdoms. Other helpful appendixes include a brief description of the characters, lists of places with brief descriptions, a comparison of the Celtic wheel of the year and the Christian wheel of the year.		Overall, I guess you can tell I was disappointed with the story as a whole. I love stories from this era but this one did not work for me. I didn't love the characters and there was no real action until the last quarter of the book. Would I recommend it? If you're a big fan of the era, probably not. You've probably read better. If you're not, since it's a trilogy, I'd recommend going the library route or paperback.		Review Originally Posted at [...]
1,This book is not the normal David Baldacci. It might be a good book for a teenaged girl, which is what he meant when he wrote it I think. It reminded me of The Christmas Train. My husband and I usually share books. This one, I can guarantee he won't read.	I can't imagine any man liking this book.	I do wish authors would start stating on the front if the book isn't their normal style or genre. On the other hand, if I'd paid more attention when I bought it I probably would have figured that out on my own.	I've learned my lesson though. No longer will I buy a book because I see an authors name. Too many of them pull a Patterson now days.	I'm giving this book a two star only because the man can write. If the rating was strictly for the content and genre, it would be a one star.
1,2.5 Stars (I can't quite bring myself to round it up to 3)		I was really excited about reading The Goddess Test. I love Greek mythology so the idea of Kate having to pass seven tests to save her mother's life had me really intrigued. I was expecting an action packed story line with Kate venturing into the depths of hell or at least trying to find her way through a labyrinth to fight a minotaur so I found myself very disappointed by the slow pace of the story. Not to mention the fact that Kate didn't even know when she was facing her tests so they were completely off my radar!		I felt there was so much potential to the story, especially at the beginning when you are watching Kate try to cope with her mother's illness. Some of the scenes between them were quite heartbreaking and having watched a family member fight a similar battle I really felt for everything that Kate was going through. However once Kate arrived at Henry's mansion things started to go downhill for me. The relationship between Kate and Henry felt forced and completely unreal, I didn't believe that either of them had feelings for the other. Kate found him attractive sure but we didn't see them spend enough time together for them to get to know and like each other. I also always felt that Henry was still in love with his first wife Persephone so how was I supposed to believe he had feelings for Kate?		The big reveal about what Kate's tests had been just didn't make sense. I can't say too much because I don't want to give you spoilers but I didn't feel that Greek Gods and Goddesses would care about the things they supposedly tested her on - if you look at any Greek myths it is quite clear that they don't look at sins in quite the same way a Christian would. I was also annoyed when the Gods and Goddesses revealed themselves - it felt like everything Kate had been through was a lie and if I was in her place I would have been livid with the tricks they had played on her. It even took away from the seriousness of her mother's illness and I just don't think there is ever a reason to make light of cancer. Watching someone waste away from cancer is one of the worst things I have ever been through and I don't take kindly to the way things played out in this story.		Overall I'm afraid to say that The Goddess Test completely failed to live up to my expectations. I hoped for a fast paced, action packed read and unfortunately that isn't what I got. I probably will still try the second book in the series because the publisher sent me both books for review but at the moment I don't have high hopes for it. Perhaps I'll be pleasantly surprised though.
1,I'm officially giving up on Steve Martini.  When he was writing legal thrillers I waited eagerly for the publication of each book. But now what he is writing is mediocre action/adventure books. The protagonist is a lawyer in name only and tries to avoid the courtroom. He's too busy out chasing spies and intercepting nuclear weapons. His publisher should stop passing Martini's books off as legal thrillers. All those five-star reviews of his latest "legal thriller" should be taken with a grain of salt. Those reviews clearly are not reading these books.		Conclusion:  Do not buy this book if you are looking for a legal thriller.
1,I really wanted to love this book but I just didn't. The plumber puns were pretty terrible and the sex scenes were just so poorly crafted, the group dynamics became confusing at times (I actually had to reread whole paragraphs because it just didn't make sense!). Compared to the author's other series, Rock Hard Beautiful, this book just fell so very flat. It was disappointing, to say the least. I enjoy RH as much as the next reader but something about this book just didn't work. Probably wouldn't try this author again.
1,Mistake in buying
1,I read at least a book a week and addicted to the military/spy thriller.  Brad Taylor, the late Vince Flynn, Lee Child, Nelson Demille, and the great Daniel Silvia are some of my favorites.  I decided to try Gingrich's book because he wrote some great non fiction history stuff.  This book is almost amateurish though.  The premise seemed good, but the writing was stilted and dull.  I was also disappointed in the technical aspects and wonder if he actually did any research.  Some of his characters are Marines and any post boot camp Jarhead would wince at the military references and behavior.  I'm hoping his second novel is better, but don't have high hopes.  I suppose trying to enjoy this book after having just read Baldacci's latest isn't fair, but Newt is no better than second tier in this genre.
1,This kindle version is unreadable.  After only a few pages, I was tripped up by several typos, then mid paragraph, there was a reference to Ernest Hemingway, as though a header had mistakenly dropped down into the middle of the page.
1,Disappointing--my own fault for expecting a new HP novel when I knew that's not what it was.  But the plot is thin and a complete retread of the novels, spun together with the weakest of thread.  Old friends are almost completely unrecognizable--sketches drawn by inferior artists--and new characters are annoying and one dimensional.  This struggles to be a story about friendship and family and fails on both ends, because the plot is weak and completely unbelievable.  I wish I'd left well enough alone with the series and the supporting books that JKR actually wrote.  Perhaps seeing this story performed live might make it better, but the play itself was weakly written--as others have mentioned, it reads like mediocre fanfic.
1,This Pocket Guide is too sketchy to be of much use by itself, but does point the reader towards resources that might provide more utility.
1,When Bill Clinton entered the White House, I had just turned 12 the September before. I grew up then in the Clinton era. I watched what happened. I saw the Lincoln bedroom being sold. I saw the talks about Monica Lewinsky and if oral sex really counts as sex or not. I know about Osama Bin Laden being in our sights and being let go because Bill just didn't want to give the order. The Clinton era was not a good era.		Yet if Clinton was a problem, his wife was even worse. Since being in the limelight, I have seen her as endlessly conniving and wanting to get power for the sake of power. The problem with her also is you just can't trust her. When Benghazi happened, she blamed it on a video tape and told one of the mothers of the fallen that that's what happened, despite knowing otherwise. Wherever she has gone scandal has followed. As the Obama era came to an end, my wife and I started talking about 2016 and who would run. I told her whoever would run would beat Hillary, because Hillary is not a popular candidate and she has too much scandal associated with her.		I was right.		While I did vote for Trump, he certainly wasn't my first choice, but I did see him as far better than having Hillary up there and largely, I have been pleased with the first year. What has amazed me is the endless onslaught that Trump has faced which is like nothing I have ever seen. Largely, this all goes back to Hillary. Hillary is still trying to run what goes on in this nation because of the sad reality that she just can't accept the fact that she lost the presidency.		Reading this book is a tragedy. I really wanted to give it two stars at least at the start. I thought it might not be so bad at parts. There was some advice on how to handle disappointment and loss and that's okay, but more and more this book needed to be cut back. So much of the material in here is about Hillary's personal life and says absolutely nothing about the campaign itself. One is better off reading "Shattered" if they want to know what happened in the campaign.		As you read the book, you constantly get the impression that Hillary is campaigning still. She is trying to show the world that she still thinks she's a better candidate than Donald Trump and still trying to point out all the problems with him. Her chapter on the Russians being behind everything is entirely convoluted. Hillary is so unwilling to accept that she lost that she is willing to come up with an entire conspiracy to explain it because, hey, she's Hillary Clinton.		Hillary shows the whole entitlement mantra that is common among millennials today. She thinks that because she worked so well with Obama and her husband was president that she deserves to be president. It was her turn. She says she had ideas, but she didn't communicate them. Going out and saying "We need more jobs" is not a powerful campaign. What poltician will say the opposite? "Vote for me! I'll double the unemployment rate!"		A constant refrain throughout the book is that Hillary is a woman. She tries to get as much as she can out of wearing this political cone bra as if it makes a difference. "Vote for me! I'm a woman!" "Did I mention I'm a female!?" "I have two X chromosomes! Vote for me!" "We need to have a woman president!" In the end, Hillary decides we just weren't ready. In reality, many of us would have voted for a female candidate happily. Sarah Palin or Condoleezza Rice or Carly Fiorina. We just don't want a woman for the sake of having a woman, but Hillary wants to put her womanhood on display and if that is what is perceived as the main selling point of your campaign, excuse us if we're not impressed.		Hillary also cannot accept being wrong about things. As you go through, you find out who is really to blame for what happened with Hillary. It was Fox News, or the media (Which was totally against her and really supportive of Trump, despite also saying that most every newspaper endorsed her for president), or James Comey (And how dare he say something against the State Department when he lets me off the hook despite my doing everything wrong!), or Donald Trump, or Bernie Sanders, or Wikileaks, or the Electoral College. (Yes. A few times she mentions we need to get rid of this archaic system, which would have been the exact opposite if she had won the Electoral College and Trump won the popular vote.)		About the only person not responsible is Hillary. She pays lip service to saying it was her campaign and such, but more often when it comes to pointing fingers, she's pointing at everyone else. The fact that this book even exists is a testimony to her narcissism. She has to write a whole book about why she lost and has this idea that everyone else is just fascinated and wondering what is going on. Well, no. We're not. Still, I can't say I want Hillary to go away entirely. The way I see it, her presence out there is doing a whole lot more to damage the Democratic party.		It's also noteworthy the matters she leaves out. She talks about what she thinks the founding fathers would say about Trump being in the White House despite being guilty of sexual assault. Of course, most of us saw it as locker room talk. Disgusting, but not anything that he was charged with. Bill Clinton on the other hand did lie under oath and Hillary can say the charges against her husband were dismissed, but she was leading the charge against those who dared to accuse Bill. Now when Roy Moore later gets claims made about him, every woman is to be believed. Strange that didn't apply in her case.		When she talks about the emails, she says nothing about the smashing of devices that she used. She says nothing about the Bleach Bit. She still is either ignorant of the fact or just lying when she says that everyone has personal email in government and only mentions the server she had once. The personal email wasn't the issue. It was the server that was the issue. If these 30,000 emails were just personal, why not let the FBI see them? Why go to such great lengths to erase them? After all, Bleach Bit is supposed to be so strong that not even God can bring them back.		She also says very little about the tarmac meeting between Lynch and her husband. The rest of us are just supposed to see a coincidence here. I don't think so. This is one more reason Hillary lost. There is too much suspicion around her and many of us find it difficult to believe a single word that she says.		She says nothing about stealing the DNC vote away from Bernie Sanders. I think Sanders would be a horrible president, but that doesn't mean that he wasn't wronged. He most certainly was. Hillary was being fed the questions in advance and there was work being done behind the scenes to make sure that Hillary got the nomination. Bernie never even had a chance. The game was rigged right from the start.		Speaking of which, it's interesting that when the DNC servers got hacked, Hillary never let the government authorities look to see what was there. Instead, she used a third party for that. Why? If there is the possibility that a foreign entity is trying to hack the system, shouldn't that be the area that our government should come in and look?		She talks some about the Clinton Foundation, but she says nothing about Schweizer's "Clinton Cash" or the reality about how she is viewed by the poor people of Haiti. Most Americans know that if you're in the charity business, you should not be getting rich off of it, yet that's exactly what happened. She also says nothing about deals like Uranium One and other such things.		In the end, I can do no better than what one of my friends said about this book. It is the only book with a question on the cover that he knows of that is also answered on the cover. What Happened? Hillary Rodham Clinton. Hillary is what happened. She can talk about Comey and Trump and the media and Bernie and everything else all she wants, but the reality is she was a very flawed candidate who ran a very weak campaign because she thought she was entitled to it. Trump won, but I honestly think anyone could win against her. That she lost is not something about how awesome a candidate Trump was. It's more about how horrible a candidate she was. Right now, the Democratic party is in tatters and trying to piece itself together and it's all because one lady decided to set up a private server in her house and can't accept the fact that she lost. What Happened in 2016 is also what has happened to the Democrats. Hillary.		Keep it up Hillary. The more you keep happening, the more you will enable those of us who are Republicans to have more and more victories.
1,I wouldn't recommend this dictionary. Few of the words I looked up were listed.  I am very disappointed with this book.
1,I'm one who usually likes young (re: teen) narrators and this book came highly recommended. I just could not get into it. It seemed to be all over the place from the beginning and hard to follow and I was waiting to really connect with the characters but never did. Disappointed in this one.
1,I looked through this book and I do not think that some of the images are appropriate for children - they are the ones who would see "Comic Book Bible" and want to page through the book!	Some of the Biblical names are changed to "modern-sounding" names that you would have a hard time connecting to the names in the Bible.	This book is for someone who has no interest in the real Bible but just wants to read short stories for fun - not to learn about God - I find this book to be disrespectful to the Bible and not worthy of the name Bible!
1,I never got it.  It was obviously returned and no one ever contacted me to return my product or to let me know that they had recieved it and would be selling it  and stealing my money.
1,I could not identify with this narrator at all. I cannot believe this book has such high ratings!  I try to be a thoughtful, considerate person.  And, this narrator is anything but.  I do not want to give too much away with mentioning the myriad of behaviors she does that are totally self-centered, but needless to say, I could not identify with her, and I am so happy I could not.  I did not enjoy this.
1,I thought this would be a good addition to my son's classroom library (grade 2) but it is very old & has references to "guerrilla warfare" and "the arms race" --- the homophones used in this book are over the head's of this generation's readers. I love vintage children's books, but this just leaves a kid scratching his head.
1,I didn't enjoy it. I loved the first book. This one just wasn't for me. By the time I got through ten percent of this book, I didn't like Gwen anymore. As the book went on I liked her less. Honestly I felt sorry for JC having to put up with this woman who made everything about her and her poorly thought out choices. She didn't seem to have much sympathy for JC other than her guilt which is mentioned several times. The dynamic that was there in the first book that I enjoyed so much was not here in this one. I did like the sneak peak of Chandlers book so I'll give that a shot.
1,I read this book and I know I am in the minority, but I did not like it one bit.		The idea behind the book is great but the execution was terrible.		First of all to start off with plenty of money was not okay. People from low income homes, have nothing and have to start bottoms up. No savings at all. I was also disappointed in the tone of the book.		Although she was living low income, I can feel she did not really appreciate the hardships. In certain jobs, she showed some laziness and was glad when it was over. Maybe is is just me, but I felt it to be a lack of sensitivity.		Overall I am glad this book was borrowed. I was not at all impressed.
1,In the Introduction, Ben-Naim greets us with a teaser: those of us who think that the (ideal) entropy of mixing is positive, have a problem. We should take our medication and read this book till we come to our senses and realize that the entropy of mixing is zero.  But first things, first.		Ben-Naim uses Shannon's entropy (information) to re-interpret statistical thermodynamics. This has been done before, most notably by Jaynes, who is quoted throughout the book. Ben-Naim, however,  goes further to argue that all other interpretations of entropy are wrong. The very term, "entropy,'' he argues, is part of the problem: it means nothing and should be abandoned. Even "enfometry'' or "average surpisal" would be more meaningful terms. From here on the book goes back and forth between being a technical presentation of information theory, or a repetitive litany of arguments on semantics. So, what about the entropy of mixing? The argument is laid out in section 6.7. It is long and somewhat rambling ("we already feel in our bones that some information has been lost forever in the process...'' p279) but it goes something like this:		Consider the classical mixing experiment, a box divided into two parts, each filled with a different ideal gas. Remove the partition and let the system equilibrate. Ben-Naim argues that the corresponding increase of entropy arises, not from mixing, but from the expansion of the gases (each gas has more volume to roam). Mixing is entirely incidental, he argues, as relevant to this process as the shape of the container into which the gases expand. If we compress the mixed gases isothermally to half the volume of the mixture, its entropy would become the same as that of the pure gases before mixing. Ergo, the entropy of mixing is zero! What the rest of us call "entropy of mixing,'' Ben-Naim continues, is a bad application of a bad term: "naming a quantity "entropy of mixing'' is more than naming a person or a thing by an arbitrarily chosen name. It is both inappropriate and potentially misleading (p274)''. We wouldn't call it "entropy of squaring" if gases happen to expand in a square vessel, why then call it "entropy of mixing" if gases happen to mix as they expand? Thus goes the argument. None of this requires information theory, by the way. It can be argued by undergraduate classical thermodynamics.		Does this view advance our understanding of nature?  Is mixing as incidental to the expansion experiment as Ben-Naim argues? Suppose it is. Then, we should be able to reverse the state of the expanded mixture by compression. But that is not possible: the molecules of gas A would have to be compressed to the left half of the box, the molecules  of gas B to the right, and this cannot be done because we don't know where the molecules are.		It is a pity that these irrelevant arguments undermine the premise of the book, which  is (ought to be) to argue for an information theory of thermodynamics. Fortunately, this was done fifty years ago by Jaynes in his classic paper, Information Theory and Statistical Mechanics, Physical Review, vol. 106, p. 620, 1957, also included in the collection&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/E-T-Jaynes-Papers-on-Probability-Statistics-and-Statistical-Physics-Synthese-Library/dp/0792302133/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">E.T. Jaynes: Papers on Probability, Statistics and Statistical Physics (Synthese Library)</a>.
1,As my first Alex Cross novel, I am not tempted to read any more. As others have stated the plot isn't credible. The Cross character isn't in the least believable or likable. I can't believe in this man who thinks of no one's safety, not his own, his family or anyone he comes in contact with. He survived so many escapades that only the red cape was missing. AND superhuman he must have been to sleep through the night just holding the hand of the beautiful reporter! HUH!		 The novel seem contrived. It read like the author's agenda was to  enlighten his audience of the plight of Sudan.
1,Opening the cover to this book is like getting on a roller coaster, you never know which direction John Perry Barlow's life will take. He seems to have led one of the most incredulous lives you will ever read about. From growing up in rural nowhere Wyoming, he goes on to the big stage of becoming a lyricist for The Grateful Dead. That isn't enough for him though, he goes on to have concerns about the budding Internet and the safety and privacy that will become topics of the nightly news. He founded the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) because of these concerns and later started The Freedom of the Press Foundation.		Between The Dead and the Internet John Perry lived fast and hard. He kept the company of some famous as well as infamous people; Timothy Leary, JFK Jr., Steve Jobs, Gilberto Gil, Owsley Stanley, and many others. He did some outrageous things, like attempting to blow up Harvard and dating the Dalai Lama's sister. To find out the rest of the things his life entailed you will have to open the cover and take the ride yourself.		I have not read any of John Perry's essays or other writings, so I don't know if the pace and feel of this book is his, or his ghost writer's. I do know that he was working hard to finish this book before he died, which might be the reason it feels a bit frantic. It lays out fact after fact of his life in somewhat of a disjointed way at times. Or maybe that is just the way his life was since he lived such a full life. That said, it is not a difficult book to immerse yourself in, and feel that you are right there with him.
1,Historical entertainment at it's finest. I do enjoy a good story especially a romantic one. I enjoyed this novel but at the same time I did not. I loved that it is a Mary Queen of Scots. On one hand Carolly painted a vivid picture of Marys story. On the other hand I found the story at times was so far fetched that I could not help but not like portions of it. The whole story is based off of what if Bothwell was more to Mary, or what if he never was imprisoned? The beginning was profound, Carolly set the stage of Mary's execution with the narrator referring to himself as "Jamie". Jamie was to witness the execution, during which he was trying to meet her gaze. "At the very last, before she died, she saw me. I swear she did. I saw her lips mouth the words: Jamie. My Jamie.......Margaret told me after wards that she thought Mary had been trying to say: Jesus when her lips moved. But it wasn't Jesus, it was Jamie" . The beginning was the best part of the book.
1,The starting point was pretty good then once it hit 45% it went down hill for me. The flame was supposed to be powerful and she was a princess. But then she was captured easily and became a slave. . All the story was about after that was how the protagonists were winning. Nothing I hate when the plot just focus on all the bad and the main heroine is beaten over and over. That does not make me want to continue reading.  Too much bad not enough good on this book. Wasted reading...The writing was good but the storyline is not for me. I thought the flame was going to be a kick ass heroine but she became weak and pathetic. If you don't mind reading weak heroine who gets beaten down over and over, you might like this book. I should have stopped when the heroine became alcoholic and almost got rape. Totally disappointed...
1,This is billed as "paranormal fiction," but it's more like religious fiction. There are no paranormal characters to speak of, unless you count humans who were born without a soul and forced to do God's bidding to earn one. Since those soulless humans don't have any paranormal powers, they hardly count.		So, you have your classic religious book setup: a small group of people trying to serve God's plan, arrayed against a far larger and more powerful group that is unambiguously evil. There is never any doubt as to which side will win. The evil side doesn't turn out to actually be good and misguided, or good with different priorities, just purely evil. The story was so straightforward that I kept expecting the plot twist that never came.		Perhaps I would have enjoyed it more if I wasn't actually expecting paranormal fiction, but I still doubt I'd recommend it to anyone.
1,I've heard all my life about what a genius Noam Chomsky is, and how he invented linguistics etc... So finally, I bought this volume of his two most famous books. What a load of obvious, un-substantiated drivel. Stupid assertions without any validation or even decent examples. He just talks about what he assumes, and assumes it because he talks about it. Examples? Validations of his theories? Connections between different languages and how they evolved? Not in this book.		Waste of time.
1,Read it but struggled with the story after the first major turning event in the book.  The storyline was sad and somewhat pathetic, in relation to those that are pursuing acting, getting something different out of life.	I didn't like the narrative in the book	There were some good sections in the book, that kept my interest but they few and far between.	Too many other books out there that I would suggest not wasting time on this one.
1,Like other reviewers, I found it surprising that The Knot put out such an incomplete book. After reading through this, as well as countless websites regarding weddings (including The Knot), I became overwhelmed by the debate over all things wedding, and decided on a destination wedding. FYI-This book does not even mention the type of wedding that I decided on, so if you are skipping the traditional, this book is not for you. You'll be better of purchasing a blank notebook or regular weekly planner...
1,A couple of helpful hints in this book make it ok - i got tired of the author's long windedness - not sure i would recommend it or not - am indifferent to the author's writing style
1,I tried to use these books for my English class, but it was difficult to use and I ended up not using it.
1,After seeing all the 5 star reviews, I was expecting more. I was disappointed that I spent money on this book. It was way over the top in curse words which didn't add anything to the story. Take those away and you have about half a book.
1,The only character I liked in the whole book was Grace, the dog.  Everyone else was annoying and uninteresting.  Really, I rarely stop reading books, but not even Grace was enough to make me continue.  Lila was unsympathetic. The other characters very one-dimensional and not very interested in the fact that Lila was shot in a mass shooting, or concerned about leaving an injured dog with an injured dog-hater.  One of the biggest annoyances was the constant use of "going postal" to describe the mass murder.  Note to author: it's not 1992, which is the last time someone used this term seriously, if ever.  The term is normally used as a joke, and large-scale workplace shooting is no joke.  FYI.....
1,Just a warning for those of you who (like me) thought this would be a good horse story.  The horse aspect of it probably could have been left out altogether with no ill-effects.		There were far too many characters and displaced story fragments that this was tedious at times to figure out who was who and so on and so forth.  I'd have recommended threading a bit more cohesion into the major plot and either eliminate the superfluous characters or give them roles that mean something.		It wasn't a 'bad' read, but I thought it was redundant and just pointless in a lot of places.  The story was 'intriguing' enough that you wanted to get to the end to see what would happen, though it was clear the options were limited to one of two things.  Not sure why it's getting 3 to 5 stars, it's not that good.
1,I was so disappointed with this book.  It lacked so much that we expect from an Alex Cross novel.  I am sorry that I wasted my time with it!  The terrorist-plot angle seemed to only distract from the real plot and didn't add anything to the rest of the story.  I felt short-changed and used.  Glad that I just borrowed this book rather than add it to my personal library.
1,[...]		There are not many times that I will stop half way through a book and just stop reading. But for some reason I had to stop with this book. I'm not quite sure what it was about it.....The characters were great, they had spark, but it just didn't flow for me. The book seemed that every time it got moving it was stopped with a break by the author and started another flow. I would have liked to finished and seen what happened, but I just couldn't seem to bring myself to do it.
1,Plot and characters well chosen. Development satisfactory until mid-book when author started ceding control to pure emotionalism. Result, poor ending.
1,Just another of an old book you add a few lines to and call it revised edition. I thought he would go into recent attacks since the first edition. Many of the same stories.  Many of the same pictures, illustrations and just the old book with a new cover. Might say a few more lines about pepper spray and a few things but that's it. Don't waste your money on it. Buy the older edition in hardback and save money. You are basically reading the same thing. The book is a great book but not the revised edition. Same as old.  Very disappointed.
1,It would've been nice to read a longer version of this story to witness the growth of their relationship. As it stands, falling in love this quickly is not realistic and ruined the to be of their relationship for me.
1,Could not get into the book. Too SLOW reading for me.  Character was in LA LA land too much for me...sorry!!
1,Do you have a professional woman in your close inner circle?  Are you a fan of Battlestar Galactica and Star Trek: Voyager?  If so, save your cash and your time, as this author is not going to provide you with anything you don't already know.  While this book may (repeat, may) be helpful for you if you're a young and/or novice author, it will be a waste for anyone who has served in the military, counts a female doctor/judge/senior supervisor/etc. in their life.  Overall, Ms. Kennedy could have chosen several different anecdotes, but instead invested about the same amount of effort someone would in a blog entry.  Poor form.
1,The story was a fair short story but no real tie-in to the first one.  No sense of time frame from the first one.  Maybe book three ties them all together.
1,If you're an atheist or don't believe Christ created the world and universe, then this book is your sandwich. I got revolted at some gelatinous mass lining a cave wall is god. Starts out as a interesting fantasy but turns into a sordid mass of unbelievable hogwash. Cant believe I got into the fifth book before I threw up and said ENOUGH! Would rate zero stars except one is lowest you can give. Full of F bombs and sex acts too so don't bother buying!
1,I did not find this book interesting and binding to read. Things that happened were not possible in our daily lives. I became very bored, skipped pages and was glad that I could finish the story.
1,I'm a big fan of this series; I've read the first several but then decided to skip ahead to this newest one. I'd like to first point out that to my understanding, '5 Stars' in a review means that the book is absolutely excellent in every way, a classic, if you will, not merely 'good'. 'Good' means like 3 stars...4 is great, above average...and 5 means outstanding in every way. So I'm at a loss to understand the 5 star reviews of this book here. The biggest problem with it, and I hope that someone of importance will read this, is that it is TOO LONG AND DRAWN OUT for the meager little plot that ran the course of the book. It could've been trimmed by 75-100 pages, and at least it would have been a tight little story. I've seen the same thing with other mystery books lately, and I'm guessing that publishers are demanding longer books. The earlier books in this series that I've read have been much shorter, tighter, and more effective.	  Having said that I will sadly add that I was so disappointed in the plot and characters in this one. The whole thing was so ho-hum and lackluster. The characters this time around were just there, and hardly did any real detecting. And the ending... what a let down, and man, talk about a weak motive for the murder. Well, as I stated earlier, I've loved the other books in the series that I've read, and I'm hoping that this was just a brief bump in the road. I'd much rather have a great book every 2-3 years than a dull one churned out every year just to fulfill a publisher's contract. So I'm hoping that the next one will be better. For now, I will go back and pick up where I left off with book #10.
1,As a reader of James Lee Burke, Patterson, Grisham, Baladucci, etc.  I found this horribly written.  I read all of it but it was painful.
1,I am a Mynx fan. I love her work but this book is not up to her standard. It was boring. There was no plot. The male MC was so underdeveloped it was annoying, especially since the book kept alluding to his character and his past but we were only given a summary. A summary where some serious bombs were dropped but never mentioned again. I didn't get the chemistry of the MCs. I understand the premise of the bad boy changing for 'the one' the 'right one' but I hate that it happeneds over night. I don't think people can just switch of their ways. It takes time and it takes love to change them. I didn't care for the female MCs, none of them. And one of them had such a horrific story that was used as a beta but it overshadowed the main plot. I don't know. This was just all over the place and I didn't care for it.
1,This book had been recommended to me as similar to some of my historical fiction books that I love like Bring Up the Bodies, Anne Perry's books, etc.  Nowhere did it say in the reviews or in the book that the book is romantic historical fiction.  When I first started the book I thought I was going to like it, but at about page 100 I realized that this isn't a book from the genre that I like to read.  I read a bit more, and then at page 250, I decided not to finish it.  I wouldn't recommend this book unless you are a die-hard historical romance lover.
1,The translation is very stilted and is not very user friendly in my opinion. I'll try it again at a later date.
1,Redundant story line. Weak grammer, missing words and a lot of mispelling. Book is probably best suited for a 12 to 14 year old.
1,Awful book, just like the previous 3 books in this series.  Don't bother.
1,Actually seemed like the author was stretching to have a plot.  The characters were very unrealistic.  Token this, token that just to follow the recipe for a mystery.
1,I am soooo confused by all the good reviews for this book...  I started reading this book about 2 mos ago, and I am only about half way through.  I am really struggling to continue on.....  seems to have picked up the pace a bit, but it may be too little, too late.  I agree with other reviewers when they say the 1st half of the book is mostly backstory and completely useless to the rest of the story, or the overall plot.  I was a fan of Horns and Heart-Shaped box, but after this..I may steer clear of Joe Hill novels for awhile.  Such a pity.  =(
1,While I couldn't have put up with Fitzroy's moping and stubbornness for much longer, I still expect more length and substance from a novel. This felt like half the story. 2,5 stars
1,Good writing, but depressing subject. Olive is one mean disturbed, unhinged lady and each story/chapter was like reading a melodramatic soap opera with no resolutions, good or bad. Definitely not pleasurable reading unless one likes to read about the sufferings of others. I can't understand how this book won the Pulitzer Prize. Give me Jane Austen's informative character studies of real people over Elizabeth Strout's. Of course, there is no comparison with Austen, the champion of irony.
1,Great for an introduction, but as the lady asked, "Where's the beef."		It also needs better editing. Too many mistakes.
1,I thought with all of the 5 star reviews this one must be pretty good: the book starts out with great potential, and accolades from people youve never heard of with great titles.  However, there is little meat or substance to the book and, after working in executive positions in corporate America for over 20 years I found it to be a lot of fluff.		For example, some of the main concepts of the book revolve around what ingenious CEOs are doing behind the scenes with an emphasis on shedding overhead, beating myths that hold you back from having a virtual organization, realities that will enable you to have an invisible and virtual organization, followed up with the wonderful and fantastic outcomes you will enjoy once you achieve an invisible / virtual organization.  All of that sounds wonderful, but everything is at a high-level cocktail party discussion level with no substance to the conversations  it would be refreshing, as an example, to have the author talk about what didn't work as many times those are situations where people can really learn.		Sure, it would be great to have a 100% virtual organization but after reading this guide I quickly realized there were no true example of how to do it, the challenges faced and, most important, there really were no tangible examples of what type of businesses will achieve these wonderful and fantastic outcomes.  Wheres the delivered product this hypothetical invisible organization creates?  I couldn't tell.		Im all for relaying valid tips and examples of what has worked and not worked in an effort to streamline processes and there are many books out there from recognized experts  and people you have heard of  vs. this book which had a fancy cover and what appears to be glowing reviews.  If I were you, I would stick with one of those and avoid this one: think of the money you saved as more money earned from an invisible management text.		I picked this book up for free, which added one star to my review, vs. its regular price of $9.99 - free or not, I would give this one a wide pass.
1,This is the second time I've tried to read this book, and finally gave it up. The title intrigued me, but the story was written like a novice writer. After reading 20% of it, I called it a lost cause.
1,Arrived with one CD missing.
1,Totally implausible.
1,I should have read the reviews and descriptions more carefully before I spent money.  I THOUGHT it was going to be a clean mystery/romance/Christian book because of the source I found it on, but it turned out that the language was filthy and the book was filled with pages and pages of  ultra-discriptive sexual content.  I also should have just deleted the book immediately from my e-reader, but the plot was kind of interesting and I kept reading to find out the ending.  I also hoped that there would be a transformation of the characters along the way, but there wasn't.  It didn't take long to read because I just skimmed along, picking through the garbage to find the story line.  Definitely won't purchase anything from this author again.
1,I really love to read this author's books. Not sure if this was an early work but kit was very repetitive. Also didn't care for the many (way to many) descriptive sex scenes. Fewer and less descriptive would really have been a major improvement.		My very favorite authors may have some explicit sex scenes in their books bit they are usually limited to a couple per book. I just hate it when they go on page after page. I have to skim over them and feel like I am being cheated.		Can't recommend this book but she has many other good books.
1,I'm not a big fan of stories where the character can't make up her mind between two men.  Even though the storyline of domestic violence and victims afraid of what people will think, I tired of her bouncing between her husband and her ex-boyfriend.
1,I was very disappointed with Bitterblue.  I really liked Graceling and Fire.  I didn't think that either book was perfect, but I loved the two worlds that Cashore created.  Bitterblue is composed almost entirely of the weak elements of the previous two books.		The whole book reads like a tortured and torturous metaphor for some deep wound.  While reading, I constantly felt like every character that I met was not actually a person, but some symbol for something or someone else.  The obsession with cyphers felt like like a clumsy metaphor.  The characters from the other books who make an appearance here are utterly gutted of their complexity and wholeness.  The only characters who actually offer any intrigue, the Truthseekers, are completely under-developed (Teddy) or lose their substance in filling our stereo-typical jerk/love interest tropes (Saf).  There is really almost no plot, and the character development is almost non-existent.		And the work could not support the crushing weight of the imposition of the author's personality and worldview.  The contraception and gay-rights elements felt so utterly forced, bolted-on and propaganda-ish.  They take you out of Bitterblue's world and crash you into ours.		It feels like the whole book is just a vehicle for something else, and because of it, the book has almost no substance of its own.  I say skip it, which is a shame, because I was really looking forward to stepping into this world again.
1,Normally while reading a book you are drawn into the characters and sympathize with at least one of them. These character were badly written, you felt that even at the end of the book you knew nothing about them.  And  the trial, which I suppose was supposed to be the pivotal point in the  novel, came from so far out in left field and with no explanation or logic.  I felt let down after reading this, especially after all the praise Oprah  had given it.
1,I thought this would be fun to read--it wasn't.		It should have been much more interesting, considering the topic--a little more "light," but it wasn't		I hate to admit this, because I almost never have this happen: I just couldn't finish it.		Somebody else might well like it, though...if the spirit moves you...by all means give it a try!
1,The stuffed Elmo wasn't sewn well and had a hole.
1,I read so many reviews describing this as an exciting thriller. One the reader can't put down. My experience was that it was a clumsy attempt at being clever. It takes place in England so the locations are meaningless and there are British expressions that are meaningless to an American reader. All in all I was disappointed by the red herrings and the basically unlikeable major characters.
1,Poor vocabulary skills.  Misused words and far too much ridiculously inflated word choices.
1,Despite the new cover, this is the old old version.  Not of any pactical use.
1,I have really enjoyed the Starfire line of books, but this book gets away from what made all the others fun reads, there is little character development. I never felt interested in any of the Terrans, pulling names from Insurrection didn't help. The constant back and forth between Terran and invader did not lend anything to the story. There was no explanation of 1) how the Terrans lost the first system, overwhelming numbers appears to be the answer, but the battle was not explained. 2) how the invaders have taken 13 star systems on two fronts, an explanation of numbers would have been great. I would not recommend this book, even if it was free.		Oh yeah, spelling errors in a book is the sign of amateur writers with no editing desire, not a great look for Steve White.
1,Waste of money
1,As depicted in Adams, John Adams was a simple farmer, honest and dependable, swept into politics by chance, and landing in the Presidency through the back door  the office of Vice President.  In other words  hes just like Truman!	Despite McCulloughs best efforts in this easy-to-read hagiography to depict him as such, Adams was neither simple nor honest, and Adams robs its namesake of his complexities and ultimately his character.	Some interesting points about the book:	Despite McCulloughs repeated assurances that Adams was not vain, pretentious, and hysterical, the letters and writings of Adams and his wife (though heavily edited and taken from questionable sources) drip with prudery and vanity.  I found the couple to be extremely unlovable, what with all the moralizing they did about their neighbors, follow revolutionaries, and politicians.  Theres a lot of stuff taking place outside the scope of McCulloughs book, and it has only made me want to find a more thorough and merciless account of the two.	McCulloughs justification of our nations most shameful piece of legislation  the Alien and Sedition Acts  sounds eerily like the Bush administrations rhetoric supporting its own repressive legislation cracking down on the rights of immigrants in the wake of the September 11th attack on the World Trade Center.  Surely the current tribunals and seizing of foreign nationals will be as vilified as the Alien and Sedition Acts.	Also, McCullough glosses over Adams role in executing these reprehensible Acts.  In Adams, the President was only a reluctant participant in the repression that occurred as a result.  In reality, he seems to have enjoyed using the Acts to crack down on any public criticism of his own administration  which seems to fit with his over-sensitive and vindictive nature.	Lastly, McCullough uses much of Adams to vilify Thomas Jefferson.  Although the rumors of Jeffersons affairs with his slave, Sally Hemming, are generally discounted by serious scholars, McCullough drags Hemming back onto center stage to smear Jefferson.  McCullough also has a bizarre fascination with the state of Jeffersons finances and repeatedly makes reference to his debts, though they have little or no relevance to the life of John Adams.	These and other things make Adams a strange book.  It almost feels as if McCullough purposefully and knowingly omitted information and distorted facts to make his subject shine.  I cant think why.
1,I could not stick with this one. Once the character started to realize she did not know who she was, the story lost me. Amnesia is a rare condition, and it is overused as a plot device.
1,The first Dennis Lehane book I have disliked. Extremely overwrought, unbelievable characters, a lot of stereotypes. A fascinating time in Boston history that deserves a better treatment. Too many story lines and too many coincidences of characters meeting historical figures (Babe Ruth, Dubois, etc.) create a level of implausibility in this novel. Perhaps the author would have been better served if he had scaled back and concentrated on certain aspects of that time, but influenza, WWI, baseball, molasses, police corruption, political anarchy, unionization all get the short shrift when spread out in one novel.
1,I ordered this for my husband and he disagreed with the authors interpretation of the subject. Guess I missed on that one.
1,The characters are more like stereotypes than real people, the plot predictable, as it jumps from one scene to another. It's not so bad, just rather amateurish, in need of editing to smooth it out. The aggravating thing to me was the ending - or non-ending. Of course, many books leave things to the reader's imagination, but this seemed designed to make one buy the next installment, stopping in mid-conversation. Whatever, I'll never know, since I won't be buying the next one.
1,I started it enjoying the language and people. I barely finished it... Don't know why I bothered. Guess I should have know based on The Great Gatsby.
1,Had I not known the author of this novel, I would have thought it a novice attempt at a trashy novel intended for an unsophistacated reader.  Ms. Rowling shows NONE of the extraordinary imagination of her previous Harry Potter books.  Casual Vacancy is a dull, gossipy story of a small village of disfunctional families. Abuse of teen-agers seems to be the central theme.  One star is too many for this book!
1,I recently starting studying economics and now I see the world in a different light.  The wealth of nations is built on specialization and trade and yet there is a movement to do everything yourself.  Get farm animals.  Milk them and make your own cheese.  Butcher them and use all their body parts, including the organs.  Grow your own wheat, grind it into flour, and make your own pasta.  Learn to pickle, can, and make your own crackers.  I do not have the time or the money to do everything myself.  It is worth the trade-off in flavor to buy a can a broth or tomato paste if it means I am not spending my every waking moment in my kitchen.  I get that our mothers bought convenience food, full of horrible chemicals that are giving all of us cancer and by doing so, forgot how to cook real food or teach their daughters.  Now, the pendulum is swinging way too far in the other direction.  The recipes in Home Cooked are not economically rational.  As good as homemade sausage may be, chances are good the guy who does it for a living does a better job at it than I would.  If you really want a California cuisine cookbook with farm to table ingredients, try the Malibu Kitchen cookbook.  It still assumes we all have access to a farm but if you have a good market, you don't have to be a farmer, butcher, chef.
1,Pretty ridiculous characters: they are all so Tempestuous, Sensitive, Gorgeous, Brave, Sexy, WORDY! These stupid people run into stupid situations because they don't think, but -oh- they LOVE so much!  The hero, Jamie, is a barbarous highlander who goes on and on like a teenage girl gushing about Love! Pages of pretty boring sex that does not move the story on .  In the second book, there were even several pages of a "romance novel" that a busy doctor was reading during a hospital break. Yeah, right! Maybe the author thought she was getting paid by the word...I read these on the basis of a positive review by a friend,and because I love time-travel stories, but it wasn't long before I realized that it was an "historical" romance --a "bodice ripper." The time travel theme is just the gimmick it hangs on, but not well thought-out.
1,The details especially the ambo with the senator was ridiculous.all the author did was fill up space. What a waste
1,This book was just had too many similarities to one of her other book that I read sometimes using the same words I had to wonder if I was reading the right book	.
1,Meh.  Weird book.
1,I waivered about reading this book several times but then when I say and read a glowing review by one of my fellow reader friends, I thought ok, I have to read this book. So reading the review and the fact that this book is in my favorite genre, I did not give a second thought to picking it up to read. The book started out good. The cops find the bodies of several women who had been buried in the ground. It set up the story. It was even explained as a little as to why the killer buried the women. The next scene was intense with Evelyn getting kidnapped and fighting her way to freedom. Then the action stopped and the story began. It seemed to move slow without much more happening from the killer or the police. In fact, it seemed like the only one giving any input was Evelyn. Everyone else was unforgettable. I got to chapter six and nothing new was happening in the story. It even was a struggle to get to chapter six. I was reading like 1 chapter at a time or trying to finish at least 1 chapter at a time. I finally could go no longer and have to put this book down.
1,I was so disappointed in this book! I really should have returned it. But I didn't and now it is too late. I really like the authors work. Her jewelry is innovative, creative and interesting. But the book is just poorly designed. Every time I try and find something in it I get frustrated just trying to figure it out. The how-to photos are mere pencil sketches. It is very hard to tell what is going on in them. Plus they are layered over other art. It is impossible in some places to even read the words on the page because of this. Even the photos of Susan's work are hard to look at. You can't really see the connections very well to understand how to make your own.		If you are looking for a book on making jewelry connections this isn't it. Do yourself a favor and get Robert Dancik's book called "Amulets and Talismans". A much more valuable and informative book.
1,Loved the first two in the series but this one is so bad I can't even get halfway through it. Total snooze fest. Just never gets going.
1,This book is a stand-alone.	There may be trigger warnings. In the violence and three some type. Also Insta love.	This book starts out so well, in only the first few pages.	Then it just went to eye roll.	The "h" is kidnapped for being at the wrong place at the wrong time. She ends up kidnapped after witnessing a murder. Within twenty four hours she's getting wet and clinching. He spanks her basically in their first meet and greet, and she's soaked. I'm sorry, but if I'm fearful of a murderer/kidnapper, I can't see that happening.	And the "H" that's so big, bad and brutal, if he said Angel one more time, I would of smashed my Kindle. Yes, through all 85 times of it. I think that just takes out this macho, killer attitude he's supposed to be pulling off.	There were grammar issues throughout too.	I ended up skimming after about half.	This is my first time reading this author.
1,I thought this book was boring. Almost stopped reading it several times but can't quit after I once start.
1,I gave up about half way through. Also I don't like "series" books. I'd rather have just one good plot and be done - like the old paperbacks. I try never to get involved with continued stories. I have found that with my Kindle, the first of the series is free or cheap, then the cost goes up for everyone after that. Its more like a new scam than anything.
1,There was a $.50 sticker on this book for which I paid over $19. Amazon recunded my purchase.
1,Too young for me. Wanted her life story....
1,A few thought provoking and poignant passages does not a novel make.  Furthermore, is the author so well regarded that an editor is forbidden to take a pen to it and strike out the many, and tiresome, street names in Paris?  Apparently so.  I finished reading the book but found it difficult to do so.  I cannot recommend it.
1,I've been with Scarpetta since the beginning.....and yes I agree the series jumped the shark after ::::spoiler if you haven't read earlier books:::: Benton turned back up alive. But I've stuck with them because I know Cornwell has the ability to create can't stop reading magic. This one though, while an excellent return to Scarpettas point of view was so slooooow! I almost gave up on it and the series. I'm glad I stuck with it because the last quarter of the book was worth it, even if it seemed rushed after the long drawn out beginning. The saddest part for me was the terrible relationships between the 4 main characters. There is no warmth, no trust or affection. Long ago these characters had dinners together around Scarpettas table. Bonding and enjoying each others company as a balm to all the awfulness they deal with. Those days are long gone. I'm willing to stick it out and read the next one I just really hope Cornwell puts some thought into what made her series great and remember these people are supposed to love each other. Not be the bitter, brittle untrusting bunch they've become.
1,No connection for me while reading.  Felt like a movie to watch not a story to feel with the characters.
1,Now that this happens to be a Daily Deal, I will finish my reviews of the books in this series (see my series review on the first book, Fated).  Moira is the 7th sister of a 7th sister, the most powerful witch born in generations, who is not smart enough to escape getting "mated" when she was a naive 20 year old - by a 250 year old vampire who supposedly kept regretting his loss of control, thus ruining her from having any other relationship after he altered her DNA.  Lip service, none of these vampires really regrets anything they do, his real regret is that he was forced to stay away from Moira for 100 years while she learned physical and magical skills.  One would think her unique heritage would mean that her abilities would be very important in the ongoing conflict, but it is her vampire mate, Conn, who does, because he gets them from her after their mating.  He has spent 100 years studying how he can fully possess her, and he then uses her skills against her.  She has become a trained fighter - he generally denies her the right to do so, and she has been lying to him about it - for 30 years!  She never is powerful enough to get him to accept NO from her - but that's OK, because she just "loves" him anyway, and I can't care for a character who does nothing to the person who uses her skills against her, one of the deepest betrayals I can imagine.  I hoped she would be able to get the other mates to grow some backbone, disappointed again.  The story is also dragging at this point - no cure, no advancement in the science, and no end in sight.  If you have not been reading the Elemental Assassin series by Jennifer Estep, featuring Gin, a fantastic heroine, I recommend that series very highly.
1,This book was not meant for someone who has not done iris folding before.  The directions were not clear and I was disappointed to learn that I just could not do this craft.
1,Awful garbage.  Lousy writing, racist, sexist - don't bother.
1,Only idiots should buy these "Dummies" books. So I guess I am an idiot. Useless information again.
1,Lonely Planet Travel guides are inconsistent. This London guide is below average quality for travel guides.		1.  It doesn't inspire you to go visit the place.  There aren't enough photographs.	2.  Poor quality paper makes the photos mediocre and the guidebook feels like a cheap little "yellow pages" of the destination.	3.  Too much on specific hotels and restaurants.  Guide books written in the internet age should highlight places to visit, the history of the place, and insiders' tips.  Obviously, high profile, must-visit enduring restaurants should be mentioned, but the other information of hotel and restaurant specifics becomes rapidly out of date and can be easily researched on the internet.		Good points:	1. Fairly exhaustive in terms of listings of spots to visit- but hampered by only cursory coverage.	2. The month by month and "for kids" sections are useful	3. Good coverage of the museums
1,This book had  an okay storyline, but it moved rather slowly.  I also found that most of the dialogue related to the H and h discussing their past, but in a such a vague way that it did not cause one to truly care about the characters.  It was rather unrealistic that the heroine didn't face any scandal during the short affair she and the hero had.  I also found her to be rather brazen for the time period.  I prefer to read "clean" romances, but I also really like Mary Balogh's writing style so I compromised on this one.  One thing that I like about Ms. Balogh's writing is her sense of humor.  I sadly found that this book was lacking in that department.  I guess it's because the characters have all gone through great trauma.  Still, even given that it is about those who survived war, it could have been a bit less droll.
1,This book is listed as inspirational. There is nothing Christian about this book. I wish I'd quit reading long before I did. I will be glad to remove this review as soon as this book is removed from the "inspirational" category.
1,I got the kindle version of this book and it was all screwed up with pages coming in duplicate; other pages seeming to come out of nowhere. I have never had this problem with any other kindle books but I couldn't read this one. I finally had to delete it from my system but I don't want to have to buy it again on the hopes it may be better next time.
1,Stopped reading it after a 4-5 chapters.  It felt as if I were reading a 10 year old's attempt to write a book about a made up illusional friend.	I cannot remember the last time that I have done this (giving up on a book).  If you treasure your time, save your life the 3-4 hours (my forecast of course) that this mess is.  What a big disappointment.  Only positive was that I checked it out on the library's dime.
1,I have bought all 10 installments at the crazy price of 2.99 for on average 90 pages of readable pages, I am sorry but I am done paying that. I have paid 30 dollars for this series and it isn't over yet. I will continue to read the Ferro's in the full books that are released but I am done with installments. Very disappointing, I hate giving bad reviews but I have finally decided I have had enough.
1,Valerie was just being a normal sixteen-year-old, like all the other kids at her school. One weekend her mom went out town. Naturally Valerie and best friend Mimi throw a party for their Mormon and non-practising Mormon friends (though neither girl believes in the faith themselves). It's wild, loud and everyone is having fun. Val starts drinking due to her disappointment of her crush Adam not showing up, everyone's having a great time why can't she?		When Adam shows up, Val is ecstatic, and drunk. They excuse themselves in front of everyone and sneak off to the living room where she proceeds to throw up all over his shoes. Hung over and miserable the next morning, Val struggles to make breakfast for her six-year-old sister Ainsley. She just wants to lie on the couch and sleep off her headache. As she drifts off she realises she isn't alone. Adam is suddenly there, everywhere. Confused over her feelings for Adam and what he has done, Val finds strength to report what's happened. It's only the beginning of her lifelong journey to be more than just the `rape girl'.		I requested this book because I wanted a different kind of YA to read. However, I was sorely disappointed but I am also conflicted with this novella. I think the premise of the book had a lot of potential, but the execution was poor. The story was rushed and there was no time to get to know Valerie, her likes, dislikes, or any kind of personality. Also, every male character except for the brother who's away at college is written as a `villain'.		I understand that this is an important story to tell and that it's also a very personal one for the author. For that Klein has done a stand out job for describing the process of standing up as a rape victim. Even as Valerie fights with her own demons she never steps down for doing the right thing. The few parts that are well written, you can tell that the author knows what she wants for her characters and what she wants to reflect to the reader. When writing about a tender subject, it can be a challenge to follow the delicate line. I praise Klein for tackling such a personal battle, but I wish that more time were spent on the narrative. Make it 300 pages and give us more in depth characters. I was always on Valerie's side, but I knew there was more to her and I was sad to see that.		Many thanks to the publisher Namelos for providing this ARC on Net Galley!
1,Cute story, cute pictures, and my son loves the topic. However, he hates that the text and the picture don't show up together on the screen on the Kindle Fire. When we read the story to him, he'd rather see a picture and hear the reading at the same time, like some of the other Rachel Yu books we have.
1,I'll start with what I didn't like first, to end  on a positive note.  I didn't like the first person point of view. I did get used to it did finish the book, because I got curious about what was going to happen. I also noticed a little of some translation issues. Certain ways of saying things were different. But I have to say that overall this was well edited  so it was not terribly noticeable.  The plot line seemed simplistic to me but I can accept that because I write fantasy. Not everyone goes as far as I do.	On the good side, I like that Antoine had just a few characters which made it an easy read. And the story was straightforward yet had the twist.
1,Totally disturbing.  Read to the end.  Agree with bad aftertaste.
1,horror gone bazzar...not really that interesting and a little on the trashy side of things. Not something I found interesting enough to finish reading.
1,I've heard that this book was written BEFORE all the others in the series, and considering how popular Dee Henderson's books seem to be, I'm pretty sure this wasn't a good place to start, I'll have to check out the other books in the series.		The story is pretty simple. A young rich woman meets a football star her age who wants something more from the women in his life. She's being pursued by a man who kidnapped her when she was a kid and killed her twin sister. She's constantly (like CONSTANTLY) under FBI surveillance in order to catch this bad guy at large. She falls in love with this football star and must decide if being with him and putting him in danger is worth it. Oh, she's really REALLY traumatized by this childhood experience to the point where it runs her life. Ok, whatever.		So what's so bad? Well, the writing drags on WAY too much once the "romance" gets started (I really don't need to know dumb little details, like that a person put down their drink), and the characters are VERY difficult for an average person to relate to. Just the fact that it seems the entire American FBI is securing this woman constantly shows how freaking rich she is, being the daughter of a wealthy ambassador I couldn't find myself relating to her pain. Oh, the pain. The pain, the pain, the CONSTANT reminders of how horrible she feels become so overused it's laughable. There are literally some chapters as to where NOTHING new happens, and I felt like so much stuff could've just been edited. Plus there were parts I had to reread because the author was obviously trying to go for the "read between the lines" style but ended up writing something that simply didn't make grammatical sense.	There isn't ANY characterization put into this bad guy who's taunting her and sending her packages, so you're simply reading just to see if there'll be some kind of a twist at the end. There isn't. And the final "confrontation" between her and mr. bad guy is SO UNBELIEVABLY CLICHED AND STUPID it makes you want to throw the book across the room. I was like "I paid 14 bucks for this?!"	This is not to also mention that the final "confrontation" is like a paragraph long. It's pathetic. Although the final note by the author makes it seem like she is SO in love with these characters. I want to ask "did you actually READ this after you wrote it?"	On top of this, the "Christian" themes feel so tacked on, they're like an afterthought, very much unlike a good Christian fiction author like Ted Dekker, who woves his Christian themes into the story and into each character very well, has good Biblical themes, makes it the basis for his stories and isn't afraid to use the word "Jesus." By the end I really knew nothing of either of these main characters even though I spent over 300 pages getting to supposedly know them.		All said and done, this really isn't a good book. In fact, I'd have to go on record and say it's one of the worst I've ever read. Still, I hold hope for this author, I'll definitely check out one of her other books. The writing in this one just doesn't GRAB you, ya know?
1,poorly written with lots of snarky humor that just falls flat
1,Anton Chekhov had a strange idea of comedy.		His famous play "The Sea Gull" begins with a character dressed in black who declares: "I am in mourning for my life" and ends with a suicide. His other self-proclaimed "comedy" in this collection, "The Cherry Orchard", presents characters in such miserable condition that the director of its first production staged it as a drama, which annoyed Chekhov.		It's hard to tell a drama from a comedy when everyone is so miserable. That included me, the reader, as I sloughed my way through this collection of Chekhov's best-known plays. There actually is one funny line, not from either "comedy" but rather his earliest effort in this collection, the drama "Ivanov": "Doctors are exactly like lawyers, with this difference: lawyers merely strip you, while doctors strip you and kill you." But "Ivanov" serves as a better introduction to elements the other plays do to death: self-lacerating monologues, sudden melodrama, and people sitting around not doing much of anything for a very long time.		Chekhov is very popular with a certain type of person, and it's not hard guessing why: If a less-educated individual wandered into a Shakespeare production, or tuned into one on television, there's a chance he or she might actually like what was on display enough to develop an interest. Everyone knows something about MacBeth or Romeo; but there's no chance of that happening with a Chekhov play. They are so bleak and formless as to serve as a perfect secret handshake or hidden treehouse for self-regarding elites. Let others talk about "Grey's Anatomy" while we discuss Uncle Vanya's existential misery or the hidden meaning of dead seagulls. That'll show `em.		Like Matthew Krichman here, I was impressed somewhat only with "The Three Sisters", which as he notes creates a character we can dislike to make up for the fact Chekhov was unable to develop the other kind. It's also an interesting contrast piece, as the three sisters of the title represent three different ways of looking at the world, one resigned, one at peace, and one miserable. Chekhov manages to make each one sympathetic and their romantic foibles diverting, however predictably doomed. With Chekhov, everything is doomed.		If these are his major plays, one shudders to think how a "minor" Chekhov play might read. To be fair, plays are always better seen on stage than read, but Chekhov's nattering parade of patronymics talking over each other from seemingly different worlds really tests one's ability to keep the speakers straight.		"How drab your lives are, how full of futile talk!" cries one character in "The Cherry Orchard." Speak for yourself, Anton Pavlovich.
1,I have read all of the Decker/Lazarus novels.  Over the last couple of years, I have seen a drastic change in Decker especially.  He has lost his edge.  I have worked with and for LE officers for over 40 years.  I have NEVER seen or heard any Homicide Detective act like Decker did in this story.  Any officer I have ever known would have set McAdams in his place immediately and would have never taken the BS he dished out. Nor would any officer have allowed his witnesses/suspects to lead the discussions or interviews, or make the decisions on when or if they ended. Neither would the Detective's wives have EVER been part of the investigation on ANY level.  I get it that there should always be room for fictional creation but if you are going to write mysteries that involve main characters that hold a position in Law Enforcement you should try to keep them somewhat realistic.		About the middle of the book it bogged down with too much focus on Math...seriously, who cares what Fourier analysis or eigenvectors are? We didn't need to know that much and especially not the next third of the book.  All in all, this just wasn't one of the best....a rather slow read, didn't hold my interest, boring more than not, and not much if any excitement. I really am getting tired of Decker and McAdams relationship and the Decker's taking in every stray they come across up to and including in this book, one of their initial suspects/witnesses.  There is no chance any Law Enforcement agency or Officer would allow a suspect/witness to show up at their home and then take them in, let alone let them hang out with the family and go on road trips.  Seriously, get real.....
1,Girl goes to prison for a crime she did not commit	Gets released, gets a job working for a rich hot Greek. Falls in love with said Greek, plot twist- Greek is a killer! Shocking! Greek leaves. Girl cries. Greek comes back. Girl says yay.	Throw in the British accent I imagined while reading this book and the writer's need to let us realize that he/she knows all the popular songs and who sang them and you couldn't write a more irritating book.	The storyline was poor and very generic and it was a complete waste of my time!
1,*I voluntarily reviewed an ARC of this book*		I was really looking forward to reading this book because I am a fan of the original King Arthur story and I like rewrites of classics. The plot idea was intriguing to me and could be really good. Unfortunately, I had a really hard time getting into the story. Normally a book this size would take me a couple of hours to read but it took me 3 days. I did finally get into it more towards the end of the book but by then I just wanted to finish it. I just wish I had been able to get pulled into the story sooner.
1,I had to get this as a required book for a college course, and it was incredibly boring and frustrating to read.
1,I think this series was just not for me. I couldn't stand the main characters. The guy was just a jerk. I kept hoping that he would do something to redeem himself and make me see him in a different light, but the more I read, the more I hated him.
