0,Even though it is a music video collection it is Alabama at their best.  I searched for concert dvd's and found none but this is very good and allows me to hear and see them once again.
0,I hadn't  heard the Royalettes original of "It's Gonna Take A Miracle"(R&B#28 Pop#41,1965) in some time ( My late grandmother had the original LP) and when I got the CD I was astonished  on how little the various cover versions have deviated from the original. In Comparison other hits from that era that would be turned into later hits like "Hey There Lonely Boy(Girl)" and "Don't Make Me Over," Nobody strayed too far with their reprises of "Miracle" and I think Sheila Ross' vocal style was Denice Williams' vocal inspiration not only for her top 10 cover (1982) but her entire singing career. The song's a standard..and everyone I play the original for agrees it's the best.		And that's just the first track. I'm suprised that the Royalettes did fizzle out with commercial sucess so soon, but then again Uptown Soul artists..as I  believe the Royalettes to be , did not have long prosperous careers..unless you went the Dionne Warwick route and fully embraced the adult contemporary leanings in your older recordings. The only other substanial national hit was "I Want to Meet Him" (R&B#26 Pop#72, 1965). I think this song was a blueprint for The Temptations  "It's Just My Imagination" with the full blooded symphonic arrangement. just my opinion....		Surely "How Can You Face Me" was possibly too sophisticated and to powerful a statement by female artists to really make headway as a single. "Only When Your Lonely" is  gorgeous with call & response vocals over a delicous arrangement. It and "You Bring Me Down" a variation on Little Anthony & The Imperials back to back hits "Goin' Out of My Head" and "Hurt So Bad" must have fought for topside status and both lost out.		I recommend this CD..despite the steep costs...it's wonderful and influential music. I'm buying the next one on Cd "Elegant Sounds" to hear how their sound progressed. Shelia Ross'  vocal seemed to mature a lot on "It's Better Not To Know" and " I Don't want to be the One"
0,4 Stars not because of the content but the package. Couldn't they come up with something less obvious and silly than copying ABBA's Gold cover?	I wonder if that rightfully iconic ABBA cover is trademarked...?
0,Thank You.
0,This album, now quite rare on vinyl, is a must have for saxophonists and fans of saxy jazz. John Coltrane soars, Zoot Sims swings as usual, Al Cohn lays down some tasty licks and Hank Mobley aquits himself admirably. The rhythm section is more than adequate and the tunes presented are quite enjoyable. Liner notes lead you to be able to recognize the tone of each player - it's fun to guess the solo order on the last tunes.
0,That's all I can say about this band. I've never seen anyone mix the heavy with the clean so well. The music is truly flawless. Alot of the songs even have guitar solos to show that metal is still all about the guitar solos. The singer is awesome. His scream is great, his singing is great, and his growl is great too. It's surprising that such a great metal band isn't more well known. Best songs are the title song, "As We Speak", " Follow the Hollow" and "The Bringer". Be sure to get this if you like talented, sophisticated metal. This band does not lack in any area!
0,"Sabbath bloody Sabbath" is the best (overall) album with Ozzy Osbourne on vocals. Compared to other efforts like the debut "Black Sabbath" and the poorly produced "Master of reality" this is so much better. The band have clearly put a lot of energy into the song writing, and it shows on tracks like the rocking "Killing yourself to live" (the best Sabbath song ever?), "Sabbath bloody Sabbath", "National acrobat", and "Sabbra cadabra". Many of the songs are very appealing and not as dark as a lot of their previous efforts. Although Osbourne is a limited singer, he's doing a great job on these unforgettable tunes. This is a true classic, and by 1973 measurements it's heavy!!
0,love it
0,I've loved the Moody Blues since I was 13 years old, playing albums in my best friend's basement. Songs like "You and Me," "New Horizons," and Ray Thomas' "For My Lady" are as beautiful as they were when they first released in 1972.  I can hardly believe I was only 15 years old.  I've been listening to their music and the magical and hauntingly beautiful tunes and distinct vocal quality of Justin Hayward and the Moody Blues now for 40 years.  The songs bring back happy memories and feelings of those days of being young and free.  I transitioned from albums to cassette tapes, and I'm happy now to finally have them as cd's to enjoy again everywhere.  This cd is like gold to me and I will never let go of it.
0,Good
0,With their brilliant fusion of pop, funk and rock, Maroon 5 burst onto the music scene with a distinct sound and pretty much the complete package.  Whether he's barking to funk filled rhythms on tracks like `Harder to Breathe' or crooning on melodic ballads like `She Will Be Loved', Adam Levine always stands out as interesting and vocally gifted.  The smooth tone in his voice is perfectly crafted for this style of music, and it's that voice (and of course the band's commitment to Levine's style) that makes `Songs About Jane' one of the best albums to be released in a long time.		The quartet of singles that came off this album (`Harder to Breathe', `This Love, `She Will Be Loved' and `Sunday Morning') are all defining moments on the album.  `Harder to Breathe' may very well be the song they will always be remembered for, their debut single and one of the most infectiously entertaining songs ever.  Who doesn't just love singing along to this song every time it comes on the radio.  `This Love' has such a funky cool vibe to it, totally into itself and it drips with this sweet sensuality.  `She Will Be Loved' was one of those songs I LOVED the first time I heard it but quickly got tired of.  Thankfully I haven't heard it in a long time, so now that I'm revisiting the album I find myself in love with the song again.  It is so sweet and charming, and it has this mellow tone that separates itself from the album.  `Sunday Morning' was one of my favorite parts of the album when I first heard it, and I was so delighted when it was made a single.  To me, of the four singles, it is the most definitive of the band as a whole.  It has such a smooth texture to it, just silky smooth tones and it just melts all over the listener.		Beautifully done.		The great thing about `Songs About Jane' is that the ENTIRE album is just as good as the tracks that got radio play.  It really is a complete album, without an ounce of apparent filler going on anywhere.  Every song feels like it was meant to be there.		`Shiver' and `Not Coming Home' have a special `POP' to them that sets them apart from the album.  `Shiver' is just flawless, so much fun and it just has this vibe to it that reminds me a lot of Justin Timberlake; that undeniable coolness that makes you desire to hear it again and again.  `Not Coming Home' is very similar in style but it's not mere copycat; it is just as fresh and enticing.  Adam's vocals reign supreme on both these tracks, but especially on `Not Coming Home'.		Tracks like `Tangled', `The Sun' and `Through with You' carry the smooth funk vibe, nothing vibrant like `Shiver' but it has musical arrangements and vocals that just caress you.  This is the kind of music that feels almost comforting; soft and warm.  `Must Get Out' has an old soul, and I like that about it.  It feels almost vintage to me, but it works for it maintains the freshness that the album has.  I absolutely adore everything about `Secret', a track that is soft and delicate and reminds me of Incubus almost, the softer `Drive' like side of Incubus.  This is seriously one of the best tracks on an album full of `best' tracks.		And then there is the closing song, `Sweetest Goodbye', and how sweet it is.  It's a very gentle song, nothing overpowering but it sums up nicely why this band is so remarkable; for even in their subtlest moments they make a lasting impression.  So, when the album closes we cannot wait to listen to it from the very beginning.  From that funky freshness of `Harder to Breathe' all the way down to the serene flow of `Sweetest Goodbye', `Songs About Jane' never disappoints.
0,Great
0,GREAT
0,Excellent.
0,Major fan - love everything they do.
0,Old Hawaii is the new Hawaii - alot of dancers and musicians alike are going back to their roots and this is a great example - a big mahalo/thanks to those responsible for this one.
0,I find it amazing that an album can be so strong without one bass line throughout its entirety.  This duo can do it all.  You want straight out rock?  It's there.  You want acoustic?  It's there.  You want blues?  It's there... I think you get the point.  Jack White is a great guitarist, as he proves time and time again on this album.  Need proof?  Listen closely to "Dead Leaves and the Dirty Ground" or "I think I smell a rat."  On "I'm finding it harder to be a gentlemen" he begins to channel Neil Young and Crazy Horse.  One downside, which actually is also an upside, Meg's drumming is less than spectacular.  But this is the exact type of drumming needed to bring out the slicing sounds of the guitar.
0,Besides the three hits that made the charts, not much else is worth a listen. Overall a decent cd.
0,Couldn't be happier. Great collection.
0,Jimmy Haslip is missing but the compositions are all still the same -- Pastorius quietly does his thing and does it well. Just glad that another yellowjackets album is out. yay!
0,Awesome
0,I love Ute Lemper.  No contemporary artist does a better job of interpreting German cabaret songs and French chansons.  But her song writing skills aren't equal to her performance talent.  Most of the songs on this CD are great, but a few are under par.
0,This is a great collection 0f Boyz II Men hits and I will give you a review by review of this album this is a great one.	1. Motownphilly-This is there 1st song R&B/Hip Hop 10/10	2. Its so hard to say good bye to yesterday-For Daryl Kile 10/10	3. End of the Road-Broke a 38 year record #1(13)weeks 10/10	4. In the still of the night-Great singing 9/10	5. Hey Lover-A nice smooth love rap song for ya 10/10	6. Ill make love to you-Probally there best song solo 10/10	7. On Bended Knee-sounds like Incomplete by Sisqo 10/10	8. Water Runs Dry-song beautifully 10/10	9. One Sweet Day-My #1 or #2 song of all time #1(16weeks)10/10	10. Doin just fine-I guess it is OK 8/10	11.4 Seasons of Loneliness-There last #1 Hit this is great 10/10	12. A Song for mama-This was also a great song 9/10	13. Passin me by-Should have been a big hit but its great 10/10	Lyrics 10 Production 10 Music 10 Style 10 Voice 10	Overall=50/50 This album is perfect for Boyz II Men fans	This simply a must buy in R&B or pop music get it now.
0,I'm very suspicious to comment.	As a lover of the fab four, is a rare example.	I am very pleased with the sales and product.	I'm always panning Beatlemaniac and used records.
0,Awesome songs from a awesome time in my life...great album!
0,Her music in this album won't blow you away, but you can appreciate the meaning to her lyrics, as well as her unique style that doesn't talk about sex or violence. Proud is a good choice as her single, because it's her best song and most meaninful song from her album. The rest of her album is also very consistent, because the songs have her great voice and meaning that keeps you hooked. I would reccomend this album to anyone who likes to listen to music that talks about change and the world.
0,ELVIS' GOLD RECORDS. Although not labeled as such it's vol 1 of what turned out to be 5 volumes with the 'Golden Records' designation. As for 'THE BLUE LETTERS' tag for those who may be confused, it refers to the ELVIS GOLDEN RECORDS title on the jacket. Initial 1958 pressings had them in baby blue and the song titles were NOT listed on the front of the jacket. They were added with pressings marked RE1 on the back of the jacket. 'RE1'- REISSUE 1. On all subsequent pressings the lettering was white.
0,Great contemporary Country
0,John Scofield continues to excel. Great record from one of the leading jazz guitarists to ever grace the music.
0,I AM 52 AND THIS MUSIC CAME OUT WHEN I WAS 12, SO I AM RIGHT BACK IN 1967.
0,Fans of Evelyn "Champagne" King expected another lp produced with Kashif (who was just riding high on his recently released debut lp), but the New York born singer wanted to take a different direction, "out west."  Face To Face proved to be a more diverse album with many New Wave and Rock elements blended with funk and soul that was geared more for the youth rather than her grown audience who were use to her sophisticated funk grooves like "I'm In Love," "Love Come Down" and "Betcha She Don't Love You."  Many critics thought that Evelyn was trying to fit in with the newly found MTV generation with her different musical focus, but I believe that she was just growing up.  Unlike other female R&B singers, the New York artist has the vocals that were cut for those "low rider west-coast-like" jams and those Minneapolis new wave grooves.  The legendary Leon Sylvers III and his brother Foster Sylvers produced 5 songs including the Pop/New Wave-like hit "Action" (#16 on the R&B charts) and the out of this world sassy funk jam, "Shake Down" (#12 on the R&B charts).  The former also produced an exciting music video that was as diverse as the album, but failed to make impact on MTV, however it managed to be a playlist favorite on WABC's New York Hot Tracks, Rock America, NBC's Friday Night Videos, and BET's Video Soul.  The latter song makes it her best song on the album in my opinion(her funkiest song yet).  The edited 7 inch versions (found on her greatest hits) for both songs don't do any justice because the long lp versions were funkier, exciting, electriying, satisfying, and on a different class of their own.  "Making Me So Proud" was a sultry and satisfying ballad that should have been a single, while "Givin' You My Love" had that classic Dynasty/Shalamar-like sound in mind and also displayed Evelyn's strong vocal points.  I classify "Givin' You My Love" as a funkier, sassier, and more grown up sequel to her 1978 disco hit, "I Don't Know If Its Right."  Andre Cymone produced four songs including the title cut and the danceable "Let's Get Crazy" and "Don't It Feel Good." The latter two had a different Minneapolis ring that was tailored made for Evelyn (thus, it didn't sound anything like Prince or The Time, or Vanity 6) while the title track was a high tech mess.  The best thing about this album that it wasn't saturated with several different producers with different sounds (like her next 4 albums).  It highlighted 3 of the most in-demand black producers each with their own midas touch that was easily crafted for Evelyn's vocals.  Leon and Foster Sylvers focused more on the pop/R&B side while Andre Cymone focused more on the Rock/New Wave side that put together (in my opinion) Evelyn's best album besides Get Loose.  I believe that this album is enjoyable for all R&B and New Wave fans to listen
0,I see this as a rather unique combination of the two...definitely recommended. Listen with a sub or headphones, or you miss the massive, eerie low end.
0,I reciently downloaded Windows and Walls to my Kindle.  I have listened to this albumn for years and still find it one of the most appealing albumns in my collection.  It is on my Cloud and since I wanted to have it on my Kindle permanently, I purchased it and downloaded again.  No regrets for a couple of reasons. The Music on this collection by Fogelberg is the best he performed in his vast output of music from his accomplishments from his self portrait to his last. The title track is my favorite, written from the heart, an artists empathy for an elderly woman.  Another is cold and evil, Tuscon, is a story of murder and loneliness.  Dan writes continuously of lost love better than just about any writer/performer. If you haven't heard this music, I highly recommend it as on of his best.
0,Maybe Nirvana was a rip-off of the Pixies. Who cares?Almost every band has ripped off another band in some element. It's a great buy,so go on and do it.
0,Loved the movie, yet a better soundtrack that comes with it.
0,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Notorious-Byrd-Brothers/dp/B0012GMW3Y/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Notorious Byrd Brothers</a>	An album that was an end of an era plus a new beginning for The Byrds. Some of the group stayed in the background while others went on to other projects. IE: Poco,The Flying Burrito Brothers just to name 2.
0,Very good on the mic. Lyrical content is just how I like it. Beats are bumpin'. I don't need songs about bling and hoes. I need more mcs like this!
0,happy with content and delivery
0,BEST VOICE IN KISS!	Love this album from front back. Nobody in KISS has the "Heart & Soulfulness" that Peter does. Im sure there was jealousy because Peter Criss has the better voice out all the members of KISS! Gene & Paul should be thanking their lucky stars that Peter was in the band. He saved "Destroyer" and KISS with BETH. Nobody can play drums like Peter Criss as well...he has special swing & jazz rock fused that he was able to incorporate into the songs which none of the replacement drummers could ever replace.	The songwriting & the musicianship on this record is brilliant, Not all KISS Fans get it, but the one's that do understand. "Kiss The Girl Goodbye" the soulful love song-"You Matter To Me" the awesome drumming and dance beat that could have been a huge hit. "I Cant Stop The Rain" is unbelievable and so convincing. "Im Gonna Love You" convincing the woman there is no way love will fail..."Hooked on Rock n Roll" his true story of how he worked his ass off coming home late in the morning after playing dragging home his drums..."Don't You Let Me Down" incredibley heartfelt and full of soul.	THIS IS THE BEST SOLO of ALL THE KISS ALBUMS, as I am a songwriter and a musician as well as a fan.	Gene & Paul were and still are very jealous of Peter. He deserved way more than what they have thrown at him.	He is also the nicest and most humble member of KISS. Why? Because he is honest, and speaks the truth. Somthing that is a very hard pill for Gene & Paul to swallow.
0,Tempted by the many, previous enthusiastic reviews, I bought this disc as an admirer of Mutter in almost any repertoire, from Baroque Bach to Classical Mozart to the late Romanticism of Dvorak and I cannot say I am in any sense disappointed - except, perhaps by the short measure of 55 minutes. However, my chief point of comparison, Maxim Vengerov's double bill of the Dvorak and Elgar concertos on Telarc, offers little more, even if two concertos seems rather more substantial than the three short weeks offered here by Mutter, lovely though they are.		For all that I can hear the extra bounce and force applied by Mutter compared with Vengerov's more restrained and patrician live performance, I cannot say that the two versions are so very different: both are surpassingly sweet of tone and technically brilliant; these are two great discs. Mutter allows herself a little more schmaltz and encompasses a slightly broader range of colouring and dynamics but she never approaches the excessive expressivity that her critics find in her playing. You would never guess that its original dedicatee never played it in public because he thought the orchestral scoring "too thick"; Mutter commands proceedings and convinces the listener that this is a masterpiece rather than a loose, undeveloped string of jolly folk tunes.		The sound is marginally warmer and more immediate on this later DG disc and the Berlin Philharmonic has the edge over the New York Philharmonic for virtuosity and sheen - but again, there's not much in it. Honeck I have found to be skilled but faceless in previous recordings; here he is galvanised rather than cowed by the outsize personality of his soloist and the results are magical. It is good to hear Mutter pick up the orchestral partnership in which she began her career under Karajan's patronage. It pains me to read unwarranted criticism of this wonderful artist and this beautiful recording acts as a riposte to her detractors and to those who denigrate the work itself.
0,a gift for my husband who is a true Tom Waits fan and even had me listening to the gravel sounds that come from this man's vocals. Great album
0,Oh, I love that WU-Tang!
0,This has  genius all over it...with sublime rich melodies that only Mr. Waits, and others before him like Harold Arlen and Hoagy Carchimael are capable of.  If the Spiderman new york musical team had hired Mr Waits, they wouldn't be in the mess (no memorable songs) they are in. The arrangements that go with these songs are some of the best you will ever hear, and the choice of Crystal Gale as Tom's foil is a stunner.  I never bought an album of her's before, but what a voice and what an interpreter...no just another country pretty face here...a real pro.  So, the combo of all these elements becomes larger than each of them in the most attractive, sublime soundtrack I own.  This is smooth Waits over super lush scoring...a match made in heaven.  The inclusion of the last cut (really a suite) on this edition has the great missing song of Tom's....Empty Pockets...which I saw him sing in a video of a London show around 1980.  I almost fell over....a song that classic...and nobody ever heard it.  This song finally released with this score is easily the best song of the year...but no one will ever nominate it.  Everything on this album is classic...way beyond the drivel of pop material that surrounds us now.  Makes me think of when I found the then rare soundtrack of Elevator To The Scaffold, with the Miles Davis score.  Like finding a diamond in your pocket.  As soon as the first track starts, it's so different than any other Miles, and so moody and evocative...you know you've been on the right track all along.  I should mention...get the Elevator soundtrack that has the original reverb...some reissues have none...
0,Yes, there is such a thing as selling out. There is also such a thing as degenerating artistically & being plagued by a stagnant creative flow. Unfortunately, those allegations could be made of many musicians. But not Orbital. In their many years of producing music, they have never simply crapped out an album without any thought or effort. Everything they've ever done just oozes with deliberation & vision. So for folks to write The Altogether, as well as Middle of Nowhere, off as just the Hartnolls cashing in... it really frustrates me. And it no doubt frustrated them too.	See... The Altogether may be may favorite Orbital album. Yes, I've heard In Sides, and Snivilisation for that matter. In fact, I own them. Whoa! Whassamatta with me, eh? I'll tell ya whassamatta: I think this is their least pretentious work. There. I said it. I think In Sides & Snivilisation are kinda pretentious. Snivilization is waayy to cluttered with aural  bric-a-brac, and not in an innovative Autechre kinda way. In Sides is indisputably a watershed, but it's actually a bit tedious. The Altogether, to me, represents Orbital refining their compositional prowess to the point at which they can make their point in half the time. Also, The Altogether is essentially their poppiest release since their self-titled compilation. It simply walks in the room, makes its point, then leaves before it overstays its welcome. It's invigorating. It is saturated in this purely ecstatic sense of mirth. Yes folks, it's actually HAPPY, and happy to be happy. There are no vexing quandaries to furrow brows at. It sounds like all is finally well with the universe for a moment. And maybe that's why it gets written off as just banal rave tripe. No, it is not breaking any ground, which seemed imperative in 2001, with the envelope-shoving releases of Autechre's unprecedented Confield & Aphex Twin's definitive Druqks & Squarepusher's labyrinthine Go Plastic. How does an album like The Altogether even begin to grapple with such formidable competition? Simply, it doesn't even bother. And it may be the superior effort for it. Orbital are maestros. There is no way that they were utterly oblivious to the progress in electronic music at that point in time. Every one heard the Richard D. James Album & the Come To Daddy EP, Music Is Rotted One Note, EP7 & LP5 & Chiastic Slide, as well as Tri Repetae. Orbital knew what they were up against. Yet they didn't even care to acknowledge their peers. While everyone was obsessed with glitch-sputtering & jungle-gymnastics, Orbital were nochalantly laying down their trademark layers atop a four-on-the-floor groove. Did that make them obsolete? Did ambient acid house lose all relevance in the post IDM-implosion musical landscape? Apparently, many people would reply with a resounding YES. But I say nay!!!! (cracks up laughing, because that was cheesy. but whatever.)	OK, seriously... I think Orbital should be commended for refusing to sell out. That's right. REFUSING. There is no disputing their talent! They pioneered so many things before them Warp whippersnappers! If they had really wanted to, they coulda purchased a copy of Max/Msp, circuit-bent some of their gear, and just ridden the crest of the IDM wave like they'd invented the blasted genre. Instead, they flipped the whole movement off by having nothing to do with it. And for that, I will always respect them.	Because of their stalwart resolve, we are blessed with 3 of the last worthwhile straight-forward techno releases that may see the light of day until the ripples DSP-wankery boom abate. I must remind everyone that I am, despite all my haranguing here, a staunch proponent of the most arcane ventures of electronica. But I must admit that I still adore a solid ambient dancepop number. And in that arena, Orbital is peerless.	So snag a copy of this album, and ditch your preconceptions. Sure, some songs are a bit cheesy, especially if you listen to them after hearing Confield or Come To Daddy. And yes, "Illuminate" is usually grating. But come on! Let's see one of YOU embark on a career with a fraction of the impact of Orbital's, all without making a single misstep.	So cut 'em some slack, and show 'em some love. Lord knows they deserve it.
0,Not the hard driving music like the last cd but it's a great, very well written cd.
0,The first Insect Trust album deserves to be considered among the classics of the late 1960s. Eclectic is the best word to describe this band that combined folk, R&B, jazz and rock into a pleasing mix. The two reedmen, Trevor Koehler and Robert Palmer, are standouts. The songs contain the element of surprise and hold up remarkably well after more than 40 years.
0,Anointed! Woweeee! This really ministered to me. What an anointed women of God! This music soothes my spirit and calms my soul! I give it an A plus!
0,Since the great has passed on, I figured I would review the cream of the crop from the James Brown catalouge. Recently I reviewed "Say It Live And Loud", another favorite of mine. That particularly is way up there on my faves list, due to the fact that the band in '68 was so damned tight and proffesional, with the man, Maceo movin' the orchestra along. Arguably James Browns best band was that one. Huge. But in 1969, Maceo demanded more money for any futher services, and with just an hour before showtime, James Brown told him to take a hike and called up two kids that had jammed with some chick he was banging at the time... Bootsy and Catfish Collins. They pulled the show out of thin air, which pissed off the crowd that night, who were obviously expecting the tightness and precision that the James Brown Orchestra had come to be known for. What they got was the loose hooks and rythms of the brothers collins, and the beggining of something new... funk.	This is the only live recording of James Brown with Bootsy (he would soon help the Parliament Funkadelic take off) and it shows that James Brown didn't need to rely on his big old orchestra to make good music. In fact, these days, Soul brother number one, is probably better known for what he did after ditching the big band and just jamming loosely wih a couple of stanky funkateers.	This disc is almost the opposite of what Say it Live and Loud is about, but yet still as good and still as powerful. The job gets more than just done here, its louder and grittier than ever. If you are looking for James Brown funk, this is your best place to start.
0,Got rid of my LPs in error.  This was one I could not live without.  One of our many invisible Giants.  Kansas City is heartbreaking
0,Aside from one of the most erratic recording schedules in pop history, Sade has spent her career being known and revered for her indisputably original sound.  Imitators have come and gone, and countless artists site her as an influence (as controversial as it sounds, she is as important and unique to R&B as the Beatles were to rock), but in the end there is only one Sade, with a voice as warm as an island breeze and grooves as fluid as an ocean's tide.  And thankfully, a seven-year hiatus after 1993's "Love Deluxe" hasn't dulled those sensibilities, either: the comeback record "Lovers Rock" proves itself exceedingly worthy of a place in her musical legacy.	Make no mistake; Sade is no more conscious of musical trends than she ever was.  She still favors sparse but insistent rhythms, still sings with a deceptively simple seduction, and is still backed up by the same musicians (keyboardist Andrew Hale, guitarist Stuart Matthewman, and bassist Paul Denman).  These elements make the first track (and single), "By Your Side," instantly familiar, for all its melodic understatement and flowing beats.  A sort of cross between 60's rock and soul, the song is classic Sade all the way.  But be prepared to raise an eyebrow elsewhere on the record; "Flow" offers a surprising taste of hip-hop folk, while "King of Sorrow" pairs up traditional Spanish influences with a warm wah-wah guitar.  The smooth, destined-for-radio "Somebody Already Broke My Heart" adds a dose of modern soul, while "Every Word" even finds Ms. Adu dabbling in a dose of rock.	Another important aspect of trying new ideas is knowing when to let them end, and impressively, the reggae pop of "All About Our Love" and the swinging lullaby of "The Sweetest Gift" both clock in under three minutes and still sound like perfectly complete ideas.  The production on "Slave Song" is another triumph, as the surreal percussion and keyboard effects are the perfect compliment to a lyric that tells a narrative most of us can barely even imagine; the end result is appropriately haunting.  Another effective moment comes on the socially-conscious "Immigrant," which once again proves that less is more: giving examples of the humiliation a man of color endures in the face of prejudice, a simple line like "to even the toughest among us/that would be too much" sums things up so clearly and eloquently, the lyric gets its point with all the force of an expletive-laden rap song.	But the album's most irresistible moment, however, is more familiar but no less impressive: the sensual samba of the title track supports a sparse, lushly-chorded keyboard line and intricate guitar highlights, all topped off with Sade's unique poetry ("I am in the wilderness/you are in the music in the man's car next to me") and a distorted spoken section thrown in for good measure.  The track represents everything a Sade fan looks for in one of her songs.  Then again, for all its musical uniqueness, gentle experimentation and stylistic maturity, "Lovers Rock" represents everything a Sade fan looks for in one of her albums.  She's still a smooth operator indeed.
0,Very Nice... I feel her finger touch..
0,nice new lc
0,I never heard of Medwyn Goodall ?! ... I love different kind of music : from Kraftwerk to Kitaro . And this what this music reminded me - Kitaro , Deep Forest , Anigma . But it is not the same , just a little different . I defenatly fell in love with the pan fluite , which is used in most of the tracks on this album .	 This music written with the use of traditional South American instruments and it relexes you in a strange way - your body getting soft and kind of weak , but your mind getting strong and kind of ready to take of and fly . I love this felling !
0,I just love to hear  them sing  iv met them a few times they are so nice  to their  fans .
0,I got this CD from the library and fell in love with it! When I went to buy it, I found it was out of print. I searched around for it used, and was so happy when I finally found it! This is a spectacular performance of a masterpiece! You won't be disappointed!
0,Item must have shipped very promptly because it arrived timely.  I was able to listen to this good music quickly. Enjoyed listening.  Glad I ordered it.
0,This brings back memories - really a good album. If you like Steppenwolf you will love this.
0,I haven't really listened to the Doors since my teens.  I'll going to make sure I never let that happen again.
0,I have been a Marc Cohn fan since the first chord of "Walking in Memphis" hit the air. I thought he was "in the group" - you know, the one that included David Crosby, Graham Nash, Stephen Stills, Neil Young, Randy Newman, John Lennon, James Taylor, Livingston Taylor, Joni Mitchell, Paul Simon, Jackson Browne, Harry Nilsson, and Dan Fogelberg. That group. "THE" singer-songwriters of the day.		I did have the pleasure of seeing him perform live on my birthday at the Roxie in 2000. When a string broke onstage and cut his hand, so many people in the audience came forward offering him band-aids that he stopped for a moment, taken aback, kind of amused and chagrined, like he was thinking, "Really, you don't keep Trojans in your wallet in case you get lucky at my show, but band-aids you do keep because you KNOW you're going to get hurt?" I think he knew what kind of crowd he attracted then.		Lately I've been listening to him again, and although his playing, writing, singing, and production is top notch, there is something a little disturbing I find that settles over all his music - sadness. There is an overwhelming sense of sadness to Marc's songs that's getting a bit hard to take as his songs age (and as I age, listening to them).		For example, my favorite Cohn song, "Olana" from "Burning the Daze" is about a painter who is dying, asking for the house to take care of his family for him after he's gone. Not even a friend to sit by him. Just an empty house to hear his echoed pleas. So, sad. Beautiful, but achingly sad.		I guess if there's room for happiness in this world, there's got to be room for sadness as well. You'd think the Sylvia Plath crowd would have glommed on to him by now.		Marc, I hope you are one of those songrwiters that gets it all out in your songs, so that your conscious mind can be free and give you some room for happiness. I'd hate to meet you one day and find out after a few beers that you're just a gloomy gus (although you did accept my band-aid when I brought it to the stage that night).		Jim Carruth
0,This is a great selection of songs from the Doo Wop era. You can't listen to it without remembering what you were doing way back when, back in the day or however you refer to your past. The memories will be better tan the reality when you visit them accompanied by these tunes.
0,Loved the movie and all the music in it.  Great fun surfer CD.  Makes me picture waves and beach, perfect!
0,If I could rate this album 20 stars I would. 5 stars does not seem adequate to describe how great this album is. The playing the recording	the tunes all make this an exellent purchase. Big band playing really	does not get much better than this. You have Joe Henderson out front	on tenor leading the band in soloing and compositions. You have Christian McBride on bass and Chick Corea on piano. What more could you ask for. The	band swings and grooves like no bodies business. The arrangements are	very interesting and well thought out. This album makes for a very	pleasurable listening experience.
0,Excellent
0,Dave Alvin has put out a great CD full of mellow, beautifully arranged tracks. I particularly enjoyed "Here In California," the bluesy touch to "Don't Look Now," and especially the closer "Surfer Girl." This last song, performed so often by The Beach Boys, is so touchingly beautiful it's good enough to stand as a single!		Dave's voice is rich despite the fact that his vocal range hasn't always been consistently the largest. There's real passion in his voice and Dave can use his voice to highlight even the most subtle nuances of the words he sings. For example, listen to Dave sing a song here by Jackson Browne entitled "Redneck Friend." Dave uses every syllable to convey precisely what he wants to convey for this song. Indeed, in any song Dave chooses to perform, Dave imparts a sense of self-respect to even the most demoralized and exploited persons when he wants to. The musical arrangement is also very well done.		Although the mood on this album is somewhat relaxed, Dave's performance here displays a sense of confidence. He has grown as an artist and as a performer over time.		I recommend this album for Dave's fans (obviously), as well as fans of rock and pop music. As for those of us who want an introduction to Dave's talent, you can't go wrong by buying this CD.
0,Great album of Vince Guaraldi music that is worth picking up just for the bonus 9 min jam of Fly me to the moon.  Really happy with the K2 mastering if you can find that version.
0,This album is another keeper! But I found it boring at first though. But this album really livens up on track 6 and after if you keep listening it can be a vary rockin album. Some of the track titles can be disturbing to some. But, there still good sounding. If your a hard core AC/DC fan you should like this or someone else you know may or may not like this CD, I recommend it to all AC/DC fans as well as hard rock listeners.		This AC/DCc album was not my favorite by a long shot though but I still really liked it.		this CD includes 11 songs and is a total of 49 minutes long
0,The King's Singers and the Mormon Tabernacle Choir are a match made in musical heaven.  The Singers have performed one or two Christmas concerts with the MTC in the past, but this is the first performance that is avaialable on CD and DVD.  This actually has a version of the Twelve Days of Christmas (easily one of the worst and most boring Christmas songs ever done--Paul McCartney's Wonderful Christmastime is the absolute worst) that I enjoyed.  It was the dancers t hat did it.  The crispness of the Singers matched with the fullness of the MTC provide perfect counterpoint to each other, particularly in Oh Holy Night.  Everytime I listen to the CD or watch the DVD the chills that hit me are brand-new.  Guess you can tell I liked it.
0,All Good. Thanks.
0,This new CD by Torcuato (So Far from Home)is a pleasent one; in my opinion, not as good as his all previous CDs like Diary or Lift Me Up, but still good.	Many of the tracks fall into the Smooth Jazz category and some into the Brazilian Jazz one, my favorites are: "British Time" "DF" "Ipanema Sunset" dedicated to Bossa Nova Monsters Roberto Menescal & Marcos Valle, and "Blues Days" with that particular sound of his 1967 Gibson 345.		His guests for this album are:	- Torcuato Mariano / Guitars, Keyboards, Arrangements & Compositions	- Andre Vasconcelos / Keyboards	- Vinnie Colaiuta / Drums	- Neil Stubenhaus / Bass	- Marcelo Martins / Sax & Flutes	- Renato Fonseca / Keyboards	- Hamilton de Holanda / Mandolin	- Paulinho Calasans / Fender Rhodes	- Michael Lington / Sax	- and many more....		All in all is a good CD; no any instant classic hits like "Ocean Way" or many other ones, but still very pleasent.
0,A great Rock album from these guys from Mexico!!!! MANA is in my opinion the best Rock band from Latin America, and this one is one of their best!!!! MANA!!!! MANA!!!!
0,If you're a fan, you'll love this album.  Nuff said.
0,Excellent product and service.  Highlights are slayer covering in a Gadda da vida.
0,It is true that genres of music go through periods of evolution, as does most everything else at some point along the time line. When considering the heavy metal genre, one could safely say that there hasn't been anything really breakthrough in nearly 20 years. During the mid-late 1990's the genre became contaminated with music that was in large part substandard. Bands like Korn and Limp Bizkit entered the scene like a mad strain of the Ebola virus and corrupted/destroyed the integrity of the genre. This carried into the early 2000's and then began it's decline mid-decade. From the ashes rose the hybrid metalcore genre (which has been beaten to a pulp) and an onslaught of thrash metal wannabes. Yes, the future of heavy metal seemed very dismal indeed. Then suddenly... evolution began to break in time to start a new decade. Finally!		"Periphery" is a new band, but they are instant pioneers in what will become the future of heavy metal. The musicianship here is nothing short of brilliant (a la Tosin Abasi). Awesome melodies combined with sheer brutality in such a way that I have not heard all that often, although these guys could be compared somewhat to Abasi's band "Animals As Leaders", only with vocals. In regards to the complaints about the vocals, I can say that I agree with those who have stated that Spencer is not the world's strongest vocalist. I do feel that his voice adds an interesting texture however. For me, it worked well most of the time. There is room for growth here.		In conclusion, this is a remarkable album by some very supreme musicians and is a definite breakthrough in the heavy metal genre. I really hope to hear more and more of "Periphery" throughout the 2010's with great wishes that this will indeed be a decade of genre reform beginning with bands like this. Buy this album and support this band. Let a a new day FINALLY dawn in the realm of metal music.
0,OK. One thing I don't like is how these guys are compared to Linkin Park. Though both bands have equally bad lyrics, this cd contains more intelligent instrument work. The reason this cd does get 4 stars from is because it is so damn catchy. You'll have some of these songs stuck in your head for days. Hover and Finally are the two best on this cd. The thing i like about these two songs is the emotion that's put into. The way that the guitar really goes so well with what the song is trying to get across. It's impressive. So, though this cd isn't great, far from it infact, it is very catchy and is worth a listen.
0,The REAL BS&T with Al Kooper
0,One of the great things about being a TMV fan for me is that you just don't know what each record is going to sound like, and with so few acts willing to change up a successful formula these days, that's refreshing. This album, lost most Volta, is different than previous albums, but retains the distinct sound of Cedric's amazing voice and Omar's incredible songwriting and guitar playing.		'Noctourniquet' does indeed have a cool 'electronic' sheen over much of the material, but it still rocks pretty hard in places. It's a good mix of the experimentation of 'Bedlam' with the more mellow sounds of the last album.		Personally I'm really enjoying this right now, it's hard to judge where it will sit in their canon until about 10 listens or so, but it's definitely a good one. If you are a hardcore TMV fan who has always respected their restless nature and enjoyed their musical twists and turns, you'll probably like this.		And who knows, there next album could be a one-track 75 minute avant-garde free-jazz freakout! And that would be cool too...
0,Very good.
0,Being a Rush fan since 1978, I have to say I am happy to have this great vinyl.  Is it a perfect recording? No.  Is it a horrible bootleg recorded in the back row? No.  Being a vinyl fan, I am happy to have this and listen to it often. How great is it for them to release this on 180 gram vinyl for us older fans?  Awesome!!  The recording is very listenable, and brings me back to when I first dropped the needle on 2112.  An incredible band, a great show I wish I had attended, now playing on my turntable.  I am happy.
0,Just to correct an earlier review, ALL of these tracks were chart singles.  A few, though, charted lower than the Top 30.  The chart positions of the others:	7 Nee Nee Na Na Na Na Nu Nu * Dicky Doo & The Don'ts - pop #40	8 Got A Match * The Daddy-O's - pop #39	15 The Mummy * Bob McFadden & Dor - pop #39	18 Juanita Banana * The Peels - pop #59	Hats off to Cary Mansfield for finding and licensing such hard to locate tracks.
0,Great cd
0,IF YOU MISSED THE VINYL PERIOD WHEN THE BRITISH ENVASION CAME TO OUR SHORES. THEN PICK THIS CD TODAY. YOU WILL ENJOY EVERY SONG...
0,I've had this album in my wish list for a while. When it went on sale, I grabbed it. It's a very satisfying collection.
0,This is a nice visit.  You;ll enjoy it if you have respect for his writing and music.
0,This very fine recording is one that has strangely disappeared from the available list of CDs and for those fortunate to find it will wonder, as I do, why it is no longer in ready circulation.  The recital honors the parallel lives of Aaron Copland (1900 - 1990) and Samuel Barber (1910 - 1981) and with the selections included demonstrates that despite their stylistic differences, each of these composers cared deeply about communication.		And the communication could be in few finer hands than those of Michael Tilson Thomas conducting the London Symphony Orchestra and of Barbara Hendricks, whose voice in the song cycles was at its prime in 1995 when the recording was made.  The recital opens with Copland's 'Quiet City' in as moody and atmospheric performance as any on record.  Tilson Thomas does not rush this work but allows it to breathe. The first chair solo work by Trumpet Maurice Murphy and English Horn Christine Pendrill are particularly fine.  Following a period of grateful silence thanks to the engineers, the next 'set' is Copland's setting of 'Eight Poems by Emily Dickinson'.  Hendricks' voice is rich and pliant and the moods of the poems come across well.  She often sacrifices enunciation for open vowel production, but it matters little: the poems are lovely.		Samuel Barber's often performed and used 'Adagio for Strings' follows in an oddly restrained reading by Tilson Thomas.  The angst is still present but the spectacular power of the final ascending climax doesn't tear at the heart.  But in many ways this straightforward reading makes the familiar piece more clearly a classic than an emotional button.  Hendricks then collaborates with two of Barber's 'Four Songs', and her 'Sure on this shining night' is so focused and delicate that she surpasses most of her fellow colleague's versions. Likewise the final masterful 'Knoxville: Summer of 1915' is lyrical and finds all aspects of Agee's poetic story equally important.  Tilson Thomas' support is some of the finest on this record.		Recommendation: look for this recording and buy when you find it.  It is a treasure trove that desperately deserves re-mastering.  Grady Harp, January 06
0,Chick Corea's "The Mad Hatter" is probably one of his best albums. Some of the songs are strange but the jazzy parts are indeed excellent. Welcome are the vocals of Gale Moran and the performances of other collaborators. Note the use of strings, percussions, and vocals in all the songs, not to mention earlier-generation synthesizers.		One peculiar song that amuses me is "Tweedle Dee". It has a delightful but strange melody with a haunting vocal. The song is followed by a very jazzy "Humpty Dumpty".		I got the CD back in 1993. The CD was a German release. This time, a Japanese release is available and on sale on this site.
0,What can I say? I have never gotten a bad cd from Boz - although I do have my "fav's" and this in one!
0,Bryan Ferry of the legendary Roxy Music released in 1985 his solo outing "Boys and Girls," which is a mastery of both style and substance.  Often favorably compared to Roxy Music's "Avalon," the songs on "Boys and Girls" are impeccably polished, skillfully produced, and well written.  A lush mix of pop, jazz, and a hint of soul, the album has the luxurious feel of an Armani suit: stylish and elegant, but far from trendy.  "Slave to Love" is as seductive as pop can get with its jazzy vibes and Ferry's trademark crooning.  Other upbeat tunes include "Don't Stop the Dance" and "Sensation," while the slow jam "Windswept" passes along beautifully.  This CD didn't exactly set the record stores on fire in the United States, but then again, an album's merits can never be judged on sales alone.  Quite simply, "Boys and Girls" is one of the very best albums of the 1980s and cements Ferry's status of one of England's most influential singers.
0,The legendary voice of Styx, Dennis De Young Has turned out an exellent symphonic preformance, and as he performs all the great Styx classics you really don't miss the band(this is coming from a fan of the band since the seventies!). Dennis has proved that even though there may be group member disagreements, that's no reason to stop performing. More power to you Dennis- the band's last release(Big Bang Therory) was a BOMB anyway. Five stars!
0,A maxi single is usually just really long dance remixes of a song, which can get kind of boring. I've always admired Marah's take on them, though. These are not just remixes, these are total REINTERPRETATIONS. Every track on this CD sounds completely different. This is definitely one of her best singles, too bad all of them are out of print. I highly recommend that you buy it used, that's how I got it.
0,Great CD.  Highly recommend for anyone to purchase.  You will not be sorry........Blue
0,Great Album.
0,Great cd.
0,Rush may very well stand up as one of the finest albums to come out in this decade- I know it's only 2002 but after a few listens you will realize there is something very special going on, ala The Joshua Tree or The Bends. At the end of the decade my bet is that Rush tops most lists.	If you appreciate a band that takes it's music very seriously (Turned down $85Mil from The Gap to commercialize their music, Bravo!) and does exactly what great music is supposed to do- get every emotion in your body going- then buy this CD immediately.	In these "lowest" days of souless music where everything is over-marketed, over-promoted, and pushed to the masses by MTV it is great to have some new music that matters.	Take a listen Boy Bands, Brintney Spears, Creed, and all Hip-Hop players- this is a band that cares about what it is doing and understands it's importnace. You'll be listening to them long-after you've burned out and are sitting around on your millions wondering why no one wants to hear from you anymore.
0,Personally I was hoping that the next YES 5.1 project release would be TALES FROM TOPOGRAPHIC OCEANS since FRAGILE had already been released in 5.1 on a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Rhino-DVD-A/dp/B00006JKLI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Rhino DVD-A</a>&nbsp;(actually included on the Blu-Ray) and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/a-Japanese-SACD/dp/B00FY3VCU0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">a Japanese SACD</a>, but it was bound to be released sometime so, oh well. It IS a beautiful package, sounding miles above the two previous attempts at 5.1 mixing. After listening to the new Steven Wilson 5.1 mix of "Heart Of The Sunrise" just TRY to listen to the 2002 DVD-A mix past a minute or two...I dare you...Bill Bruford's drums sound like he's playing inside a large cardboard box. What a big difference Mr. Wilson, kudos! In addition to the main album, Steven also unearthed a "treasure trove" on the multi-track tapes, allowing him to mix full length and accapella versions of We Have Heaven, an earlier take of South Side Of The Sky and, what is being called the "most exciting discovery of this series to date" a previously unheard segment of a piece now called All Fighters Past which incorporates ideas that would later form parts of The Revealing Science Of God (later on TALES FROM TOPOGRAPHIC OCEANS) and Siberian Khatru (later on CLOSE TO THE EDGE) performed in the style of... wait for it..."Roundabout!" With the addition of two alternate takes of Roundabout & Mood For A Day along with the  numerous exclusives on the Blu-Ray edition (such as the complete album in instrumental form) this is being called the definitive edition of FRAGILE. Who am I to argue.....?		To quote Steven Wilson: With an album as well recorded and mixed as this one, the stereo remix is essentially a step along the way to the 5.1 mix and as faithful as I could make it, but it has been included in the reissue along with a flat transfer of the original 1971 mix. There are also a number of bonus tracks mixed from the reels for the first time, including a remaining fragment of song given the title All Fighters Past which incorporates themes later used in "Roundabout," "Siberian Khatru" and "The Revealing Science of God." This was found at the end of a reel that had been reused for a later session, but fortunately not completely erased.		The 2-pocket digi-pak does not have a slipcase as previously reported, but it does include the original Roger Dean artwork, expanded and restored with material from his archives. There is a replica of the small booklet which came with the original vinyl release and a new booklet with liner notes by Sid Smith, along with rare photos and archive material. It would've been nice if they included a few live recordings from the following tour, but I suppose we'll see those tapes as a box set down the road, eh? Here's the full track list for those inclined......		Definitive Edition CD:		1. Roundabout	2. Cans & Brahms	3. We Have Heaven	4. South Side Of The Sky	5. Five Percent For Nothing	6. Long Distance Runaround	7. The Fish (Schindleria Praematurus)	8. Mood For A Day	9. Heart Of The Sunrise		Definitive Edition Blu-Ray Disc:		2015 Stereo Mixes (LPCM Stereo 24/96):		1. Roundabout	2. Cans & Brahms	3. We Have Heaven	4. South Side Of The Sky	5. Five Percent For Nothing	6. Long Distance Runaround	7. The Fish (Schindleria Praematurus)	8. Mood For A Day	9. Heart Of The Sunrise		5.1 Surround Mixes (24/96 LPCM & DTS-HD MA):		1. Roundabout	2. Cans & Brahms	3. We Have Heaven	4. South Side Of The Sky	5. Five Percent For Nothing	6. Long Distance Runaround	7. The Fish (Schindleria Praematurus)	8. Mood For A Day	9. Heart Of The Sunrise		Original Stereo Mixes (Flat transfer from original master, LPCM Stereo 24/192):		1. Roundabout	2. Cans & Brahms	3. We Have Heaven	4. South Side Of The Sky	5. Five Percent For Nothing	6. Long Distance Runaround	7. The Fish (Schindleria Praematurus)	8. Mood For A Day	9. Heart Of The Sunrise		Additional Tracks (LPCM Stereo 24/96):		10. Roundabout (rehearsal take/early mix)	11. We Have Heaven (full version, Steven Wilson mix)	12. South Side of the Sky (early version, Steven Wilson mix)	13. All Fighters Past (Steven Wilson mix)	14. Mood for Another Day (previously unreleased take)	15. We Have Heaven (acapella) mixed by Steven Wilson		Blu-Ray Exclusive (LPCM Stereo 24/96):		1. Roundabout (early rough mix from FRAGILE 2003)	2. South Side Of The Sky (early take)	3. Roundabout (headphones mix for vox overdubs)		2015 Stereo Instrumental Mixes (LPCM Stereo 24/96):		1. Roundabout	2. Cans & Brahms	3. We Have Heaven	4. South Side Of The Sky	5. Five Percent For Nothing	6. Long Distance Runaround	7. The Fish (Schindleria Praematurus)	8. Mood For A Day	9. Heart Of The Sunrise		Original 5.1 Mix (from Rhino DVD-A release, LPCM Stereo 24/96):		1. Roundabout	2. Cans & Brahms	3. We Have Heaven	4. South Side Of The Sky	5. Five Percent For Nothing	6. Long Distance Runaround	7. The Fish (Schindleria Praematurus)	8. Mood For A Day	9. Heart Of The Sunrise	10. America	(6 & 7 run as one track)		Needle Drop: (A1/B1 UK vinyl transfer, LPCM Stereo 24/96):		1. Roundabout	2. Cans & Brahms	3. We Have Heaven	4. South Side Of The Sky	5. Five Percent For Nothing	6. Long Distance Runaround	7. The Fish (Schindleria Praematurus)	8. Mood For A Day	9. Heart Of The Sunrise	10. Roundabout (US single mix)	11. Long Distance Runaround (US single mix)
0,Great Buy , definite buy for gift or friend.
0,The first time I saw this production, my memory says it was about 15 years ago, at the Met and, at that time, Natalie Dessay looked substantially younger. In fact, when I saw her, my first thought was that there had been a last-minute, unannounced change in the person playing the part of Marie. As she walked on stage, she looked and moved so much like the country -western singer, Reba McIntyre, that I thought it was her, while I wondered what McIntyre was doing in a opera.		 Needless to say, I was wrong, then. This is an excellently portrayed version of this opera, keeping the story, costuming and era in proper perspective. Some of the costumes are a bit silly but, since this is a comic opera, it all fits.		 The quality of the singing is excellent, as well as the acting, making this another I would recommend.
0,Somnambulistic music which is perfect for relaxing or my insomniac tendencies!
0,Recorded live in Melbourne during the summer (Winter in the U.S.!) of 2003, this legendary stage appearance by the original founding members of Little River Band is truly a gem. And this version is even better than the PAL format release over a year ago, as the DVD US release version in NTSC has been totally remixed, thus the digital 5:1 experience is just outstanding. Glenn Shorrock (The Voice!), Beeb Burtles and Graham Goble really outshine in this formadible live concert performance which lasts over 2 hours! Let's hope they come to the U.S. tour circuit after this much anticipated release, which hopefully will include the entire cast members of this concert, most particularly, their young guitar player, Simon Hosford which really outshines. So much that even CorsusMex has rated him the best new player in Guitar Player magazine just a while back. In Widescreen, multiple cameras, 5:1 re-mastered audio, it's a real masterpiece of live performance. Enjoy it America!
0,Great band, great album!
0,Word to the Wise features a supporting cast of musicians that are certainly known to most music fans: Elvis Costello, Nick Lowe, Paul Carrack, Dan Hicks, and Maria Muldaur. But Bill Kirchen is the real star here. Fans of his solo albums, or work with Commander Cody & his Lost Planet Airmen, know that Kirchen is quite an accomplished guitar player, but the real surprise here is how strong his songs are too. "Word to the Wise" is chockablock with tasty tunes -- both originals by Kirchen ("Bump Wood", "Arkansas Diamond", "Valley of the Moon") and cover versions (Merle Haggard's "Shelly's Winter Love" and Roger Miller's "Husbands and Wives.") -- that are accentuated by the ace musicians onboard, and of course Kirchen himself. Throw in those guest artists (including Chris O'Connell from Asleep at the Wheel, Norton Buffalo, and even Commander Cody) amidst a party atmosphere, and a good time is guaranteed. Fans of the old Commander Cody albums will like this, but also anyone who likes spirited country-rock or blues should find this to their liking.
0,A NEW ONE FOR MY LIST.  CAN NOT WAIT TO LISTEN TO IT.  I SAW HIM ON TV AND HE IS DEFINATELY NOT LIKE HIS FATHER. ESPECIALLY HIS SINGING.
0,Great CD from The Gap Band! If you like old school, you will enjoy this.
0,This is the pinnacle of U2's library.  Musically and lyrically complex and moving, much more powerful and complete than The Joshua Tree.  Less political than other U2 albums, yet full of angst and emotion about broken relationships.  Simply a fantastic release by one of the world's great rock bands.  Haven't heard it?  Give it a try.
0,Ace, a premier English reissue label has done all Lesley Gore fans a great service by reissuing her eighth album, California Nights from 1967. But it's more than that. In addition to the ten tracks of the original LP there are fifteen bonus tracks. These are not "Alternative Takes", which usually means takes of songs that were rejected for one reason or another, but final takes which include all the songs from her 1965 LP, "Lesley Gore Sings All About Love", (though not in the album's track order), plus her last Top 40 single, "My Town, My Guy and Me" and a few additional songs.		California Nights was Lesley's last big single and charting album and it's a pleasure to say that it is a good album that shows off her talent. Lesley, based in New York, always had some of the best East Coast songwriters and production people and this album includes songs by Carol Bayer, Joel Hirschorn, Valerie Simpson (of Ashford & Simpson), and Bob Crewe who also produced the album. The title song was written by Lesley's rehearsal pianist, a young Marvin Hamlisch. The bonus tracks include songs by Lesley herself as well as Van McCoy, Phil Spector and Carole King. These are mostly uptempo numbers and include a few classics like "To Know Him Is To Love Him" and "Will You Love Me Tomorrow"		California Nights was somewhat of a comeback song for Lesley in early 1967, since she hadn't had a hit since the Fall of '65. It was great to hear her back on the radio again, and what a song it was. From the first keyboard and guitar notes and entrance of the oboe, you know this is a special song. It's remained well-known due to her appearance on Batman (which can be seen on You Tube). Lesley had become an immediate superstar in 1963 and had one big hit after another even into 1964 when "You Don't Own Me" was #2 for three weeks, kept out of number one only by The Beatles' "I Want To Hold Your Hand". Of course The British Invasion wiped out almost the entire Early Sixties pop scene but Lesley was one of the few who survived it (along with Gene Pitney, Jan & Dean and The Four Seasons), though like them, never having hits as big as the early ones. I remained a fan throughout the Mid-Sixties largely based on the quality of her songs which were always interesting musically and never sounded like each other.		This reissue is intended for the sincere Lesley Gore fans and I advise everyone to snap it up before it goes out of print someday. Casual collectors will be better off getting one of the better hits collections like Raven's 32-track "Ultimate Collection" or Rhino's 20-track "Sunshine, Lollipops & Rainbows, the Best of Lesley Gore" with the blue cover. Both are nicely remastered and comprehensive. Some of the others cover only the biggest hits and leave smaller but good songs out.
0,these guys grind out the rifts and slam the drums- relentless metal - it hits the spot when im in traffic
0,Salty Dog were another impressive band that came along in the early 90's. They shared some sounds with LA bands like Poison, Warrant, and Bon Jovi, but seemed to offer a little something different than those guys.		"Every Dog Has It's Day" is just about a  flawless hard rock album. Every song brings a uniqueness and flavor to the album that just continues to build until the last track. Salty Dog really should have become a better known band, however, in-fighting and serious drug abuse wrecked the train before it ever got rolling. Sad as their demise was, Salty Dog still released one heck of a solid record with this album. My favorite tracks from the album are "Lonesome Fool," "Come Along," "Cat's Got Nine,"  and "Just Like A Woman."		Now i'll give you an economics lecture. I paid 27 dollars for this album; I wanted it that bad. Shortyly afterwards though, this album was remastered and re-released for far less money. I learned my lesson after that, and hopefully you can find this album for a decent price.
0,More than I expected! Loved hearing the more elaborate versions of the songs that were released.  The unreleased songs are just an added bonus.
0,Some folks may say, "I don't want just excerpts of these operas." They will be missing some absolutely hair-raising music-making. The first time I heard these performances, on a Gold Seal LP reissue, I sat there with my mouth hanging open the whole time. This is just riveting stuff, intense, passionate, superbly controlled, and spectacularly recorded. Elektra was probably never done this well before and may never be done this well again. Not to be missed.
0,Blake Shelton is an amazing talent and as an entertainer he is beyond words.....The new country has become my go to music and Blake is at the top of my list.
0,After searching through several CD stores and their computer data, I came upon the "ULTIMATE" of Bobby Darin's available CD catalog.  This album is quality through and through.  The selections are representative of  his best work, from "Splish Splash" in the 50's to  "Things" in the 60's.  The recordings have been digitalized and  sound super especially "Mack the Knife" (great studio big band  sound) and "Dream Lover".  I don't know how they do it but these  recordings sound as if they were recorded last year, not 40 years ago.  If  you only want one Darin CD in your collection, this is the one.  Check it  out!!!
0,Despite all the harsh and critical reviews people have given to this album, Super Collider marks as another musical excellence in Megadeth's discography in my opinion. The musical approach is somewhat similar to all of its previous albums. The only criticism, like what many other critics have stated, is that the vocals in this album may sound a bit sloppy due to Mustaine's aging voice. Overall, it is still a valuable piece in Megadeth's catalog.
0,Led Who?  If you ever wondered why Beck is considered a guitar great, then just listen to this incredible record.  The attack and fuel which JB exerts on some of the cuts on this work have yet to be surpassed.  Rod Stewart shows that he is one of Rock's greatest vocalists, and the interplay between he and Beck is stunning.  Rock My Plimsoul, basically an amped up revision of the Broonzy blues classic Rock Me Baby, is played as tightly, nasty, and nonsense free, as anybody could possibly play a song.  Any young, aspiring guitarist should buy, listen, and try	to emulate the sounds which Jeff exhibits on this wonderful	set.  This record is not about flash or trickery, but rather focuses on just playing some great bluesy and ballsy Rock and Roll.  Beck's fusion jazz albums are ok, however, they lack real substance.  This recording is virtually composed of nothing but substance.  If you can handle the truth, then buy it.  If you can't, then keep buying the ... that passes for music today.  This is one of those masterpieces that is not only a great listen, but also serves as a great educational tool as well.	Listen and learn.  Zeppelin was sitting in the wings waiting and watching, and look how well they did by imitating what Jeff and his group originated.  One of the most influential albums of all time!  Essential, relevant, and very enjoyable.  By the way, get the Jeff Beck Group's second album Beck Ola as well.  It is almost as good, and unfortunately the outfit destroyed itself soon after its release.  If you own Truth and Beck Ola, then you have virtually most of Jeff Beck's seminal, relevant, and truly essential material.  If he wasn't his own worst enemy, then you truly wonder just what he could have accomplished if he only stayed a bit more focused and exhibited just a little more self restraint, with regard to his musical career.  Oh well, at least he made this record, and it alone is a greater achievement than the best work of all but a select handful of musical artists.  It's that good!
0,As other reviewers have commented, this album is great (and is the compilation which in its original LP form triggered the whole British blues boom that lies at the foundation of much modern rock), but you should really get the Complete Recordings instead.  However, you will also want the newly discovered alternate take of Traveling Riverside Blues, which is on this CD but missing from the "complete" set.  The solution is to get Elijah Wald's book "Escaping the Delta", which gives a fascinating analysis of Johnson's work within the context of his time and environment.  Apart from being essential reading for any Johnson fan, it comes with a bonus CD that includes the missing track.  Problem solved!
0,I will start by saying that I have been a Lifehouse fan for over 10 years, I own all their albums, and I have seen them in concert 5 times. When the song snippets for this album were released on itunes and I listened to them, I figured this album would take a few spins to grow on me. Other than Jason's voice (still phenomenal), this sounds nothing like anything Lifehouse has ever put out before. However, when I bought the album and gave it a listen, I was blown away with how great it actually is. I think what they have done here is absolutely brilliant, and I think the song snippets really don't give you a good idea of the work as a whole. I cannot really choose a favorite because a majority of the songs are outstanding for different reasons and in different ways. The standouts for me are: Nobody Listen, Slow Motion, Only You're The One, Where I Come From, Barricade, Lady Day, and Pins and Needles. These songs are all so different, but all incredible. One last thing: this album is very mellow and understated, in a way. I kept expecting them to rock out at certain points, like they have in the past, but that element just isn't present here. This is not a criticism on my part in any way, and does not detract from this collection of songs whatsoever. My advice as a major Lifehouse fan is to give this one a chance and I think you will definitely hear the magic.
0,I was very pleasantly taken by this CD.  I did not know what to expect and I am not a big country fan.  This CD is original thoughtful and just darn good music that keeps your interest.
0,Jennifer Warnes voice is what I always dreamed angels must sound like. I'm sure I'm right. In fact, I know I'm right. How many times has her music made my day over the last twenty or so years of listening to it. So many times. I invite ANYONE who has a sensitive heart to listen to this music. It is HEART FOOD of the highest order. I challenge anyone to listen to songs like "I'm Restless" or "I'm Dreaming" and not be moved. I'm currently looking for the world Jennifer sings about in her wonderful music. As soon as I find it I'm gonna live there.
0,This album could be one of 2006's best releases. It's intricate, broad, evocative musical strokes are fantastic. These guys are one of the better groups in the modern legion of indie rock. this album is definitely worth your money.
0,Purchased for the one song "you can" and am very pleased Other songs are of interest, but not like this song.
0,This album is never far out of my reach. By many considered Joni's best album and it certainly deserves that title but after Blue, Joni started experimenting more and I consider that period as her best. Still, this is her best folky album with songs that will stick in your head for a long time because they are catchy and the lyrics are just from another dimension. She often told the press that she was really insecure during the recording and everything that she felt that time found it's place on Blue. This is one of those albums that will teach you a good lesson about life and a lot of people use the statement, but everbody should own a copy of Blue. See, an average of five stars, that's not common here!
0,Originally released in 1985, eight tracks made up this superb album.  Now, Universal Music has released it with extra tracks from the same time frame from the band.  TFF would never match this album again.
0,LUV IT
0,great memories.
0,Sensual, sexy and sublime; those are just three terms of many that could sum up Goldfrapp's third and latest release, SUPERNATURE. If you enjoyed the first two outings from Alison Goldfrapp and Will Gregory, this one will blow you away. Out of this world electronic driving beats set the stage for the opening track and leadoff single "Ooh La La" (which is already making a lot of noise at clubs and #1 on the Billboard Dance Charts) and it just keeps getting better from there. What makes this pop/electro/dance/chill album work so well is the fact that they combined all of these elements and fused them into one delicious soundtrack. When's the last time you recall humming an electro song? The chill of "Let It Take You" is a guaranteed thrill, while you'll feel a bit nostalgic with the new wavish sway of "Satin Chic." "Ride A White Horse" could've been lifted from the best Giorgio Moroder recordings of the late 70's, while Alison & Will never stray too far from keeping the sound fresh for 2006. Goldfrapp manages brilliantly to make this music timeless. The CD closing track is the extraordinary "Number One." How appropriate considering that's exactly the position this album deserves to be at.
0,Great cd
0,Valient Thorr is one of the best bands I have ever come across. I'm am infinitely glad that they crashlanded here on Earth on their way from Venus. They are keeping the classic, face-melting metal/rock'n'roll alive. They are our generation's MC5 with their messages but the music is more reminiscent of Maiden and Thin Lizzy. They are in your face and have cajones like none other. Valient himself is a preacher and his sermon has the best message ever, "I will die for rock'n'roll." Get a bucket for your face because Eidan and Odinn are ready for the rock. and lastly but certainly not leastly, Nitewolf and Lucian make the a brutal, pounding rhythm section. If you like rock and roll and metal and you just need something to really thrash around to, then Valient Thorr is the band for you. They prove that Rock'n'Roll CAN and WILL save the world. It's just a matter of time. Listen, learn, and first and foremost, rock out.
0,Gaga is really good.  Not at all that odd pop rock chick.  Great music especially for my age group.  Tony Bennett is hanging in there too!
0,To many non-opera fans, the phrase "Opera-comique" or comic opera may sound like something out of a George Carlin routine, an example of a hilariously incongruous phrase that our befuddled bureaucratic world has unwittingly produced, like "death benefits" or 'military intelligence." True opera buffs, however, know that one of opera's greatest secrets is that its canon features a number of hilarious, classic comedies that can leave you in stitches while also offering the opportunity to hear some truly great music and enjoy vocal performances by the finest singers in the world at the top of their craft. For sheer transcendent delight few other mediums can compare.		One of the most famous examples of the "Opera-comique" is Donizetti's "La Fille Du Regiment." This video offers a recorded performance of a new production directed by Laurent Pelly that premiered at the Royal Opera House in the winter of  2007 (where this production was filmed) that subsequently appeared elsewhere, including at the Met in the spring of 2008.		"La Flle Du Regiment" takes on several classic opera tropes -- forbidden love, false identities, class conflict -- and extents them to their farthest extremes. After a fairly straight-faced opening, featuring the citizens of a small Alpine village praying to a small shrine to deliver them from the advancing French hordes, the laughs begin with the arrival of La Marquise de Berkenfeld (even the character's names bring a smile) and keep on coming. Much of the first act takes place on a field when a French army division has bivouacked, and features a backdrop of mixed-up military maps, perhaps suggesting the pointlessness  of warfare. The second act takes place in a mansion, where characters op in and out of doorways and drawers. This production is generally light on scenery and props, keeping the focus on the performers as much as possible.		The cast is really fine. Felicity Palmer, in the Margret Dumont-type role of the Marquise, makes the most as the "straight-woman" of the mad proceedings around her. Alessandro Corbelli provides a stern yet affectionate Sulpice Pingot. As Torio, the male lead, Juan Diego Florez looks cute both as a dashing soldier and as an Alpine hiker who goes looking for love and finds himself in front of a firing squad,  and he delivers the vocal goods in the famous "Ah! Mes Amis, Quel Jour de Fete!" aria in the first act.		The star of this production, however, is Natalie Dessay. Indeed, in many ways this is essentially a star vehicle for her. From the moment she appears on stage as Marie, with her Pippi Longstocking haircut,  slinging an iron across an ironing board,  a metaphor for the years of sublimated sexual heat this "daughter" of the regiment has built up, Ms. Dessay lights up the stage with enough energy and charisma to power the city of Paris for a year.		Som,e commentators have complained that Ms. Dessay's performance is too much over-the-top, too physical, too manic, too much out of the Bugs Bunny or Lucille Ball school of acting, and detracts from their enjoyment of the opera as a whole. This is all subjective, of course. During her turbulent career (is there any other type of career for a superstar soprano?) Ms. Dessay famously had a love/hate relationship with opera, believing that too often the medium constrained her instincts and talents as an actress. Here, though, she is clearly enjoying herself, and drawing on all her talents, as a singer and an actress, to deliver a performance that captures the emotional shifts Marie must go through as her world spins rapidly out of control, taking her from the only world Marie has known since she was adopted as a battlefield orphan to the mansion of La Duchesse de Crackentorp. When she is reunited with Sulpice and Tonio and breaks out in joyous song and dance, it makes for one of the most transcendently joyous scenes I've seen in an opera (or anywhere else) in a very long time. Anytime you're feeling a little blue or even suffering from a case of the "mean reds" pop this into your DVR player and I'll guarantee you'll feel better.		One additional note: The direction of this video production, by TV director Robin Lough, is first-rate. Lough keeps the camera gliding over the action, staying away from both too many close-ups, which can be deadly in opera, or too many long shots, distancing us from the action, making for a terrific home-viewing experience.		Definitely recommended for opera fans, especially those just starting out and who may feel a little intimidated by the heavier tragedies but want to start building up a home library of the canon. Also, a perfect 'starter opera" for young people or others you may know who think opera is strictly the preserve of old people who dress up like Mr. Monopoly and his wife.
0,After an absence due to personal problems, Clapton settled into the 461 Ocean Boulevard Florida estate to restart his career. It was a major turning point. His heady rock attitude was adapting to a mellower R & B with a tad more funkiness. "Motherless Children", ""Willie And The Hand Jive" and "Mainline Florida" brought out the best gut bouncing rhythm and blues yet. Jump-started with the Bob Marley single, "I Shot The Sheriff", Clapton gained back his old audience while bringing in new fans to the new blue-eyed soul in the USA. He included some nearly spiritual numbers as well. ""Please Be With Me" is a begging love ballad and "Let It Grow" culminates with the frenzy of a soaring synthesizer. Yvonne Elliman does a fantastic back-up job with her own sultry vocals and accentuates Clapton's soulful voice. The and this is the only format where you can get them.  Still considered one of Clapton's best, you can't miss with this one, especially in SACD format!
0,Although I'm only a casual fan of Styx but this is one of the best greatest hits CD's around and I would recommend it to a classic rock fan, although it's missing a few songs that I wanted (such as Light Up, Snowblind, Boat on the River) but at least that we have the Greatest Hits 2 to make up for it), I really think that some people shouldn't put down Styx cause of Mr. Roboto, while it was a weird song but I enjoy listening to it and people shouldn't take Styx too seriously cause their early stuff is good rock 'n' roll, my favorite songs are Come Sail Away, Lorelei, Too Much Time On My Hands, Blue Collar Man, Renegade, Babe and Miss America, the other songs are good too.
0,If you like showoff check out chris from showoffs new band Farewell My Enemy at [...] they are really f'n awesome.	Tom
0,This is one of the top 3 albums Jon Anderson has ever done, the other two being "Olias of Sunhillow" and "Animation".		"Change We Must" contains wonderful arrangements of some of Jon's classics ('State of Independence', 'Hearts', 'Hurry Home', 'Candle Song' which is formerly known as 'Anyone Can Light A Candle' as done with Vangelis on "Page Of Life").		The album also contains other songs never before heard. The title track is one of Jon's best ever - the best way to describe it would be "emotional build up".		"Under The Sun" is a classic Jon piece.		"Alive & Well" is an instrumental, which is pretty rare for a vocalist!  It's a wonderful track, though and fits in so well with the other songs.		This album is a great listen from start to finish.  In fact, that is the best way to listen to it.  It is like going on a journey.		What a shame it's no longer in print.  Get it used while you can!!
0,I have been listening to this album for over 30 years and it is still great to listen to. I bought the 8-track first, the LP record second, the cassette third and now I have bought the CD. Hopefully this is the last version. That is how good this album is.		I have been upgrading my Nugent collection and I had to have this one. Ted has quite a few classic albums and this is by far one of his best, after his first solo release.		The entire album is great and the vocals on this album are split up between Ted and Derek St. Holmes. That works good on this album, Ted and Derek both singing the songs that fit their styles. Ted's singing is decent on this album and of course his guitar playing is smokin as usual. Derek, on the other hand, is an incredible singer and he was truly missed on future Nugent albums. I believe that this album is considered to be Ted's first commercial album and I feel it was the musical magic between these two that made it so successful.		So, whether you are a huge fan or just like some of Ted Nugent's music, then this is a must have.
0,Uno de los mejores discos de mana. Cuando el rock en espa&ntilde;ol estaba presente en su m&uacute;sica. Buen &aacute;lbum de una banda rockera mexicana que hoy en d&iacute;a se dedica al pop
0,This starts off with Eric Clapton and Duane Allman singing "Mean Old World" and ends with B. B. King singing the classic "The Thrill Is Gone." In between, works of blues artists such as Stevie Ray Vaughan, Robert Cray, Buddy Guy, The Allman Brothers Band, Howlin' Wolf, Muddy Waters, Freddy King, Jimmy Reed,  Albert King, Etta James, and others.  WOW! If you like blues, you'll like this eclectic CD.		Some examples:		"Mean Old World."  Clapton and Allman do a nice job here.  Spare guitar work and raw blues vocals. This is a Little Walter song, and Clapton and Allman do it justice.		"Shame, Shame, Shame." Kenny Wayne Shepherd takes this song on.  There is some nice scorching blues guitar work and fine blues vocals. This is a neat cut! Blues fans will enjoy. . . .		"LIttle Red Rooster." Oh, yeah! One of Willie Dixon's best compositions.  Mick Jagger and the Stones did a nicer turn on this.  Here, Luther Allison is the artist. This is another fine rendering of this work.  Great guitar work, fine vocals.  Outstanding!		"Hoochie Coochie Man." This is the real deal.  Muddy Waters himself takes on this Willie Dixon song--and as soon as I say it's Muddy Waters, I need say nothing further.  This is another terrific cut. I get goose bumps listening to this one.		"Hound Dog." Elvis did a version of this that stood the United States ion its head.  Before Elvis, Big Mama Thornton sang an earlier version.  What a treat! Listen and compare her version with Elvis'. Hers is absolutely great blues and I find it compelling. This is 2:50 of raw blues.  Wow!		The final cut on this CD--"The Thrill Is Gone." One of B. B. King's best! Forget its popularity and get back to the music itself.  This is a great work.  His spare guitar work is more effective than some rock guitarists who spew out zillions of notes--with not a scintilla of the effectiveness of King. Stunning!		There are many other fine works, too.		In short, if you are interested in blues, from all manner of singers, you will find this most satisfying. 5 stars without any question!
0,1992 was a landmark year in hip hop, especially on the West Coast, where the gangsta rappers from Los Angeles neighborhoods such as Compton and Long Beach were becoming household names. This was the year that Dr. Dre's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Chronic/dp/B000NTPE9U/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Chronic</a>&nbsp;predetermined the direction that West Coast gangsta rap would take for the next decade. And yet, with the g-funk phenomenon moving into full gear, veteran outfit Compton's Most Wanted, some of NWA's earliest disciples, still managed to drop their seminal album that year.		"Music to Driveby," CMW's third outing, featured a lineup consisting of the legendary MC Eiht, DJ Slip, and DJ Mike T. While legions of rappers were starting to jump on the g-funk bandwagon, CMW continued to develop their pioneering gangsta rap sound from 1990's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/It-s-a-Compton-Thang/dp/B00000DR3Y/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">It's a Compton Thang</a>&nbsp;and 1991's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Straight-Checkn-Em/dp/B0012GN3H8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Straight Checkn 'Em</a>. I've always felt that CMW and Eiht were an act that was never marketed correctly--for instance, Eiht's best known and arguably best song, 1993's "Streiht Up Menace," never appeared on an album of his own, but rather&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Menace-II-Society-The-Original-Motion-Picture-Soundtrack/dp/B0000004ZY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Menace II Society: The Original Motion Picture Soundtrack</a>, and while early `90s albums were credited to CMW, the two subsequent efforts were labeled MC Eiht featuring CMW, until he finally became a solo artist. Not only is Eiht a true pioneer, but he's also a survivor of the rap game, with a career now spanning two decades during which he was one of rap's most prolific artists. Be it his early ground-breaking records or latter-day work, his music is always a good indicator of the state of hip hop and life in the West Coast's cities. In any event, Eiht is a vastly underrated rapper in terms of influence, talent, and quality, and a legend who rarely receives due respect.		In '92, West Coast rap was rarely experimental or artistic, but was more often a rugged depiction of ghetto circumstances. "Music to Driveby" finds Eiht doing exactly what made him infamous: providing accurate, unemotional profiles of hood life and people. Eiht was among the first and best to do it, and although he spawned countless imitators, his strictly hardcore style was both shocking and original. But he also established himself as one of L.A.'s premier MCs with his endlessly smooth delivery, signature adlibs and voice, deep and effective storytelling, and brutal battle raps. Perhaps most of all, Eiht portrays the realities of Compton life without glorifying them, lending a particular poignancy to the music.		Still, "Music to Driveby" is hardly a one-man show. DJ Slip and the Unknown DJ engineer the album to musical perfection, employing extensive soul samples to ensure smooth, funky backing for Eiht's rap. The beats are heavy, deep, and rich yet simultaneously gritty, and the music maintains a very cinematic quality due to the frequent use of sound bytes from movies. DJ Mike T contributes his signature scratch and DJ skills as well. It's a heavy, consistent sound that really works and makes the album a lot of fun to listen to.		After a great intro and the short, furious "Hit the Floor" CMW stays serious with one of their most infamous tracks, "Hood Took Me Under," a smooth, slow, and sinister track where Eiht chronicles the development of a gangster and the manner in which dangerous neighborhoods mold young men. Musically this track is also excellent, with great sampling, scratches, and layering. Sound bytes also lend cinematic mood to "Compton 4 Life," a profile of their home. Classic "Duck Sick II" finds a menacing Eiht getting busy over a strong track sampling Audio Two and Billy Cobham. "Dead Men Tell No Lies" is another old school standard, and Scarface guests on the running narrative"N 2 Deep." Slip and Mike T cleverly rip Tim Dog's own voice in the response to his "F Compton," "Who's F'ing Who?"		The album enters its best stretch with "Hoodrat," a tale of the downfall of a woman, which has a rich, orchestrated beat with a phenomenal sax sample that may comprise the best production on the LP. "Nz Strugglin" is structurally similar and equally great, a smooth, soulful winner. A great horn cadence anchors the highlight "I Gots ta Get Over," and Slip's beat on the ruthless diss "U's a B" is phenomenal, a tasteful and silky gem. The nice "Another Victim" precedes one of Eiht's greatest tracks, "Def Wish II," which contains truly terrifying shots toward DJ Quik. The mob movie samples and beat that sounds reminiscent of a horror score make his verses even more terrifying.		"Music to Driveby" is a really enjoyable listen and a hugely influential piece of music. For those who grew up to Eiht's by-the-books solo material, this should really provide a glimpse into the group that was a pioneering force in the foundation of West Coast rap. CMW regrouped periodically in the years that followed, but this is their opus as a group, an extremely overlooked classic, and I highly recommend "Music to Driveby."
0,great album. love it so much!!!!
0,Wonderful music, well recorded and played back
0,Shelby Lynne has always been one of my favorite singers. I Am Shelby Lynne took forever to come out. Now she has three records in three years. It's great to hear that voice. This record is as good as anything she has done. She has created a space for herself that is somewhere between country and rock music. She is very exposed on this record. Her emotions are very much revealed on every song. There are neither conceits nor cleverness. It's just a direct path to the heart. The hard rock of "Go With It" grooves into the bare folk of "Where Am I Now" and "I Cry Everyday." There is a lot of talk in between songs. Shelby Lynne makes this album sound like they recorded everything in live takes quickly. She has a real band playing with her too. The slide guitar on a few tracks here are remarkable. Benmont Tench of Tom Petty and The Heartbreakers plays keyboards with her now. I could imagine Shelby Lynne creating a dozen albums in the next 15 or so years with this group. Look out for this girl. She is the real deal.
0,I purchased exclusively because a number of the tracks on this particular album have been popping up on Pandora for me.  I really like the bulk of the tracks on this album.  Only a couple of tracks have a strange sort of 1980s disco sound to them.  Otherwise it's got a good somewhat hardcore techno sound that I miss from my 20s.  Love it.
0,Collins second album singing this time around.  Just as good as Trick of the Tail.
0,Saw the movie first and loved every single song.  "Take me back won't you".... these songs just take me back to a good time and place and I love it !!  This is one of those movies and soundtacks that just make you want to 'sing-a-long'..... and I do !!  lol
0,..........quite!  How could it be without "One Long Day" on it?  [That is on their self titled first album which to me is their best.] For those looking for the best of Cold Chisel, try also to  get the "You're 16....." EP with songs from this vintage plus "Wild Thing." Hard to get though.
0,As everyone else has said this CD is too short.  But not only that, the score's tracks (5-12) are too short too.  The bright, uplifting and confident music by Bill Conti is featured in glimpsingly short tracks.  You  don't want it to finish!  You want it to go on.  Even track 8, which is a  lovely jazzy track, is short by jazz standards.  Its theme could have been  developed for five minutes more!  What a treat that would have been.	This  is the reason why I gave the CD 4 stars.	(Can anyone recommend Bill Conti  CDs, by the way?)
0,Nice
0,Classic Priest!  Outstanding live recording.  Can't stop listening to it and can't get it out of my head.
0,WOW! This is the greatest re-master I have ever heard!!! I have been collecting music for 45 years now. I have this album, cassette and original release CD ~ But this remaster is INCREDIBLE QUALITY!!! I wish every re-mastered CD could sound this GREAT!!! I fell in love with this CD all over again and cannot stop listening to it...Sorry, but it makes ALL other CD sounds like crap- I would also like to throw out a special shout out to the Vendor... Red Rose, Movies, Music, and Games... I ordered this on a friday, I had it Saturday... Yep, the very next day!!! In closing, all I can say is WOW!!!
0,Dear Music Appreciator,		These are the kinds of songs that can add instant, classic atmosphere wherever they're played - partytime, workytime, or sexytime.  These are soulful, rockin', rhythm and blues sounds coming at you straight out of the 1950's through the fabulous 21st century filter of the great Steve Cropper, a crack studio band, and a litany of guest stars including the incomparable Lucinda Williams.		If you're not familiar with the work of  the highly influential group The 5 Royales or soul guitar god Steve Cropper, turn on the Amazon samples for a listen while you look these guys up on Wikipedia or AllMusic or something.		Lucinda Williams fans should take particular notice here for her lead vocals on the classic hit "Dedicated to the One I Love," and the highly emotional "When I Get Like This."		Buy this, and add a little more atmosphere to your life.		Sincerely,		Constant Listener
0,This is an outstanding Christmas album, featuring Julie's lovely voice singing in front of an orchestra conducted and arranged by Andre Previn. Most of the songs are traditional, but some of them are obscure, having fallen out of favor down the years. Julie has rescued them and proves that they are just as good as the more famous songs.	Even though several of the songs are well-known, they are all well-chosen. Julie and Andre bring out the best in each and every one of them. If I were to name favorites, they would be based on the rarity of the individual songs rather than the actual performances, all of which are absolutely impeccable.	The original Christmas album has three bonus tracks which are nothing to do with Christmas, but are still welcome (It might as well be spring, Falling in love with love and Cheek to cheek) as they are every bit as good as the main album.	Can Christmas music get any better than this? Not much, if at all, although I think Julie's second Christmas album is even better than this one. Buy them both - you won't regret it !
0,As you may know, this song was composed at a time when Michael Jackson's popularity had not reached its zenith yet. This was one of the tracks that did not make the cut for the "Thriller" album. If you like the way it sounds in 2014, why wouldn't you have liked it back in 1982? Perhaps, you weren't born yet. However, I think that it was very presumptuous of those who screened the songs for the "Thriller" project to assume that the general public may not approve of this particular song at that time.		I strongly feel that the reason why fans of the King of Pop gave this song a chance in 2014 is two-fold for a reason. First, die-hard fans love Michael, and even more-so now that he is dead. Secondly, the batch of songs composed by Michael from that era were not tainted by corporate expectations of multi-million dollar sales due to the fact that "Thriller" had not been released yet. Writer's block was not a factor for Michael back then as it became apparent following 1987's "Bad" album.		Most artists sing from their heart if their goal is not to put money before their creative talent. When you listen to the original version of this song, you can truly hear Michael's sincerity in the lyrics which is reminiscent to the mellow nature of "Rock With You." The CD single includes the original version that I describe here.		Flash forward and you will experience the updated version of this song as a subtle duet with Justin Timberlake. This upbeat, 2014 version is an appropriate tribute to the King of Pop, most notably on the official music video. The star power and presence of Timberlake helps to bridge the gap between the two generations of fans.		I could have bought the "Xscape" CD if I were a die-hard fan, but I didn't because it sounds awful. Unfortunately, "Love Never Felt So Good" is the only standout track from the entire project. What to do? I don't want to buy the MP3 because it's overpriced and I feel like I don't own it when it comes to digital downloads. After intense research, I discovered that an international CD single exists. I found a good deal on Amazon Marketplace, but the shipping will cost more than the product itself. That didn't hold me back because if this is a good song (and I gave it 5 stars), then it's worth the $3.99 shipping cost.		In summary, this song will bring you back full circle to Michael's roots as an exceptional pop and R & B singer from back in the day. If the melody keeps you humming even after the song is over, you know that you stumbled on a truly good hit song!
0,Wonderful album, sounds amazing on vinyl! One of my top 5 albums of all time!
0,Urban Dictionary describes a goat rodeo as "a chaotic situation involving many people in a high risk situation that requires 100 things to go perfectly right at once if you intend to walk away from it." A collaborative effort between cellist Yo-Yo Ma, fiddler Stuart Duncan, bassist and composer Edgar Meyer, and mandolin player Chris Thile, The Goat Rodeo Sessions blends classical and bluegrass music with a slightly Celtic feel. From start to finish, these four masters of their respective crafts utilize the knowledge and skills they have acquired throughout their careers in the industry to create a progressive yet traditional sound. Sit back and relax with "Attaboy" or feel dangerous and sassy with "Quarter Chicken Dark." From the dramatic ending of the purely classical "Where's My Bow" to the vocally driven "Here and Heaven" (feat. Aoife `Donovan from Crooked Still), there's definitely no need to worry about walking away from this one. These boys hit this album spot on!		By Kelly Ford
0,Rockin' CD.
0,This album has been a long time in the works. Adele made several attempts over the years but either didn't like what she then came up with or just couldn't get beyond the "writer's block" that had been stumping her over many tries. She even thought about giving up on music altogether, thinking that there was no way that she could come up with something that could match what she had done on "21". Eventually, the ideas came flooding in & she ended up having a hand, with other writers too, in writing every track on "25". What a satisfying collection of songs it is too. Some have complained that maybe she wasn't adventurous enough in expanding her sound more. No, there is no Hip Hop or Rap here! There is no hard Rock or Country either! And forget about Polka or Island Belly Dancing Music! They got left behind too! What you "WILL" find are good songs that are done in a style that you are more or less use to hearing ADELE sing in. She does give us some change of pace in the songs. Many are piano driven ballads that she is known for. And then there are the mid-tempo numbers that she does well at too.	  " WATER UNDER THE BRIDGE" is an excellent mid-tempo tune that has great potential to be a big hit if released as a single at some point."SEND MY LOVE(TO YOUR NEW LOVER)" the Max Martin co-write, is another possible future  mid-tempo hit. There are several big ballads. We probably don't need to say much about the huge mega hit, "HELLO". A lot has been said & written about all the records that song has broken! Two of my favorite songs are the big ballads: "LOVE IN THE DARK" & "ALL I ASK". They're both beautiful, gorgeous & melodious, emotionally stirring songs. "MILLION YEARS AGO", another ballad, is calm & soothing. It recalls the Mariah Carey #1 hit, "MY ALL". And also recalls the classic 70's hit, "YESTERDAY WHEN I WAS YOUNG", by Roy Clark. Another great song, "WHEN WE WERE YOUNG", has already been released as "25"'s second single! ADELE has stated that this is her favorite song on the album.	  If your looking for any bonus material, than you'll have to get the TARGET Edition. It contains 3 BONUS TRACKS. They are: "CAN'T LET GO", "LAY ME DOWN", & "WHY DO YOU LOVE ME". If the first title sounds like you've heard it before, you probably have. "CAN'T LET GO" is the song co-written & sung by Mariah Carey. She took it to #2 in 1991. It came on the heels of 5 #1's in a row for her.	  ADELE'S  "25" is a great follow-up to her U.S. 11 million seller "21". 30 million worldwide seller! For as huge as 21 was, I think I like 25 even better.
0,Excellent,beautiful songs form the time when I was young....
0,I'm not going to try to improve on the other more articulate reviews. I love this album and I can't wait to see them play it live.
0,The band Mr. Big is full of some very talented musicians. Paul Gilbert of Racer X fame is one of the greatest (and fastest) guitar players of all time. Billy Sheehan, is considered the greatest bass player ever. The vocalist, Eric Martin, is a huge rock star in Japan. This album is full of 80s rock with amazing solos, cathcy lyrics, and power drills. Fans of Firehouse and Extreme will enjoy this excellent album.
0,'Back to Basics' is Christina Aguilera's first release in four years and I must say, after all the hype and anticipation...this album does NOT disappoint.  It is without a doubt the most original album of at least the last six years.  Christina laces every track with a jazz beat and puts her beautiful, powerful voice on top of it.		'Back to Basics' is perfect from start to finish, in my opinion.  Not one bad track on either disc.  And easily Ms. Aguilera's best album thus far, although I love all her work.  Do not hesitate to purchase 'Back to Basics' - Album of the Year!
0,love her music taken from us to soon
0,For ten years when I could not listen to any music that was discordant or had to be played loud, I was grateful to this period of Van Morrison's output. It is pure Celt so expect great dollops of melancholy, and haunting tunes. But it contains sets of beautifully crafted songs which feed the heart and some lift the soul. This 1987 album is very listenable. A number of tracks have appeared on Van Morrison compilations so I no longer play the whole. But for those gloomy Sunday's when you need a bit of mood music to match the weather and working week is looming, this is a good CD to slip on and enjoy.
0,if you loved the movie like I do than you have to have the soundtrack! cheep trick has a song on it that I just love called mighty wings,all the other songs are wonderful also.buy it,sing with it ,relive the excitement and thrill plus all the cute guys of this sound track of top gun!
0,The most popular selections from this suite are Mars, Jupiter, and to a lesser degree, Uranus.  For those as yet unfamiliar with Holst, all of the selections will become very listenable and memorable.  Here, Mars is ominous and menacing, and Jupiter is bold and bouncy, just as they should be.	Previn finds the right balance with the orchestra, so the strings and brass do not overshadow each other.  In the lesser-known movements, Previn exhibits an understanding for English composers, evident here as well as with his Vaughn Williams performances.  And, what better orchestra than the LSO!  However, what impresses most about this performance is the tempi of both Mars and Jupiter.  The pace of Bernstein and Karajan is too fast: Ormandy is much too slow.  Previn (and Dutoit and Solti) finds the pace that enables expression without being ponderous.	Sonically, this may be the best recording of The Planets available.  Telarc engineered this in its typical, flawless way.  There is great interplay between instruments here, and Telarc captures them with great clarity.  The buoyant movements with The Planets really benefit from the wide dynamics.	All in all, this CD has everything in its favor.  The Planets are indeed aligned.  Five bright stars.
0,Must have for Karajan fans.  Looks to be his complete EMI orchestral output.
0,A solid listen for any Deftones fan. It's a different vibe, but in a good way. These guys always deliver solid, rocking songs!
0,A good way to describe this CD would be to compare it to one of those Magic Eye puzzles, where the 3-D image pops out from the page at you.  If you stare at it and try too hard, it won't work - the key is to relax your  gaze, to unfocus.	When I first obtained Music Has The Right... I did it the  wrong way.  I sat down and listened to the CD, devoting all my attention to  it - and I didn't hear anything!  Not literally, of course; the music just  seemed empty.  Then, one day while working on something else, I put the CD  on as background.  I realized after some time that my foot hadn't stopped  tapping since the music began.	If you are at all a fan of creative  techno, get this CD.  Now.
0,delivered on time and as described
0,I love Matchbox twenty this is a great cd  no wonder why it was at number one .I do not dislike anything on this cd . I recommend this cd to anyone. Thank you Amazon.
0,This album is a classic. Just like the Boyz N Da Hood debut, maybe even better. Jeezy has one of the most unique flows I have ever heard. This album is full of great beats that underscore Jeezy's flow greatly. Currently, Jeezy is my favorite  new rapper in the game along with Slim Thug(though neither of them are really new, they both are new to the mainstream). The beats on this album are all grimy and hood, just like Jeezy's flow, the lyrics are top notch, and I love the ad libs Jeezy uses. Classic, plain and simple.
0,Lee Morgan was still a youngster when he recorded this album, but you'd never know it. His star was ascending, and this recording captures him during a period when his technical ability, artistic sensibility and youthful exuberance were all present in equal parts. The result? A beautiful album by a trumpete player celebrating his gift with a solid backing band. The perfect introduction to Morgan's music, it stands on its own, highlighting his jazz roots, before he explored his funkier side on albums such as "Cornbread."
0,Had this cassette tape back in the day. Glad I cam across the digital version while I was surfing the web. Lots of great music
0,This disc is a total success, and even if you have other fine recordings of these concertos -- and there are many -- you wouldn't be disappointed with this one.  In her program notes, Janine Jansen writes about the "Hungarian" character of the music, something that fascinated both composers, but far from leading to a disc that seeks to collapse the distinctiveness of these concertos into a single mode of expression, she and Antonio Pappano give us a sense of the range of expressiveness that these two works embody.  Geniality and playfulness abound in this account of the Brahms concerto, while the Bartok touches on a more poignant lyricism in its beautiful opening slow movement and gives us a final (second) movement that alternates, in almost "dumka"-like fashion, the feeling of the slow movement and a scherzo-like quality that is impish or devilish, though, at the very end, you get a bit of fun that is close to the spirit of the good-humored ending of the Brahms concerto.		If I call the Brahms performance "genial," I don't mean that there's anything slack about the playing, either from soloist or orchestra.  In fact, Jansen's interactions with the orchestra in both concertos are beautifully caught by the engineers and have an intimate, almost chamber music-like character.  I like especially the way she comes out of the cadenza in the first movement of the Brahms into a gentle close for which the oboe solo at the beginning of the second movement seems a perfect follow-up.  The Brahms slow movement has always struck me as a lullaby, and it's in that movement especially that Jansen's interactions with not just the oboe but the lower winds and brass too are very special.  The sound quality is excellent, even given that the Brahms was recorded in concert, and I was reminded, listening to the care for detail in Pappano's conducting, of his excellent Rachmaninov set with Andsnes a few years ago.  I had been disappointed in his recent "Aida," in which refinement trumped drama (not to mention other drawbacks related to the casting), but here the refinement in no way compromises what needs to be expressed.  The Bartok, for example, is as spiky as you could want in the appropriate places.  These are wonderful performances, and I can't recommend them too highly
0,got the album such a pain to transfer to cd with my POC recorder cheaper to find it on amazon
0,nobody beats Phil Mogg in the street poetry stakes	(only Phil Lynott equals)	and that is essentially the whole vibe of this album	"Long gone", the title track, "the profession of" "Makin moves"	all dwell in the mean streets with Phil's powerful blue collar soulful blues delivery making up for the somewhat weaker creativity of guitarist Paul chapman who perhaps borrows a little too heavily from preceding	legend Herr Schenker	still it's a great album underated as U.F.O's fortunes were dwindling at this point yet it comes off as a hungry effort
0,I was inspired By dark Tranquillity and In flames( the vocals)to get into COB, and I tell your what, these kids can kick someserious butt. The album got the brutallity of Cradle of filth, and can here two different vocal  levels at a random, with a more mature vocal( I am not comparing with COF,  just giving u the taste what to expect). Their guiter sounds a lil like  maiden, and Malmsteen, some of the songs have a tune of Xentrix. The mixing  is very mature. This album got everything you need. Awesome bouble bass  attack through out the whole album. He has a very good future, very  skilled, brutally fast. Good harmonizing on guiter. I am waiting to buy  hatebreeder, these r kinda r hard to find in US..u lucky....all  these info is not enough to explain the sound, u should have a good sense  of emotion and melody to go deep in it.
0,Deep Purple's album The Battle Rages On isn't a bad album.  I really enjoyed hearing the songs called Anya and Solitare.
0,Love the cd
0,love it
0,First of all, let me say that it's about time this concert was released on DVD. I've enjoyed my copy on VHS for years. I've given my review only 4 stars for one reason - and that's the sound and video quality aren't any better than the video tape. Still a great concert and well worth it for Styx fans if for nothing but the bonus material.
0,Really what's not to love about Frank Sinatra singing beloved classics. It's perfect to cook to or dance in the yard imagining days gone by. Testament to how good music will always stand the test of time.
0,The Republic Tigers are another recent group that create well-crafted, sonically-rich rock songs with plenty of hooks. They aren't afraid of technology. Similar bands include The Bravery, The Killers and Franz Ferdinand.		Buy this music if you like these groups.		[DW]
0,Junta is magic. In 1993, upon hearing Rift, I ran to my local record store where we could preview cds, and I selected this one. Upon hearing "Fee" I knew I was interested, but by "You Enjoy Myself," I knew I had already made a purchase. But Esther... this one really  brought it home to me, so beautiful with Page's amazing piano playing. Here was virtuoso and already on a debut album. "Junta" makes me happy, it's one of my all time favorite records. Please do yourself a service and listen again and again. Peace
0,Billy Currington always seems to put out some nice quality music......This guy just keeps rolling along and has that unique voice that doesn't overwhelm the music. Doesn't write much but always has a good selection of songs that he records. Most of these are fun with good melodies. This cd is not as good as my favorite "Enjoy Yourself" but still is quite nice. I might even say that this is down on the list of his cd's because it is not quite as "down home" with it's overall theme. Probably 4 1/4 stars but graded on the curve (relative to his other works.) But then again it's all about individual music tastes, so I'm sure most will say I was a bit too picky.		  also I might add that the musical production, engineering, and mixing are always very well done in all of his cd's. Good, clean sounding with some dynamics.		  No prim a dona here. He has emerged and is much more genuine than I originally gave him credit for. Like his music (and this cd) just fine.
0,Great CD from the masters of Reggae-Metal.  Skindred is an underrated band that mixes Metal, Rock, Punk, and Reggae. .
0,Perfect!
0,sweet Christmas memories.
0,Not sure how I overlooked this Overkill release for so many years, but man does it deliver the goods. If you like Overkill with the dual guitar line up, you will happy with this one.
0,Miss Jade got it going on with this album. She got some good skills and great beats from Timbo. The album is pretty hot.. my favorite song has got to be Big Head. I aint never heard a song like it. ITS HOT!!. Good hip hop.
0,Fantastic!
0,I loved this CD; like I said in my tag line, it's one of the best R&B cd's I've ever heard. I think she is so underated. I was expecting her to acquire gramny nominations, so that more people could get to hear Vivian, but that didn't happen. I loved each and every song on the album, what a love story. For some odd reason, her CD also doubles as a christmas CD also for me, don't know why but it does. lol This was a fantastic debut, she couldn't have done any better. BEAUTIFUL CD.
0,Now don't get me wrong by my title - I do love Donna Loren and her many singing works (see my other review of her "at this CD's time, yet unreleased" set).  But I think the makers of this collection felt they needed to mention her as a "feature" here (along with the Blossoms and others) to give it a boost.  Not necessary at all!  Her two contributions - "Muscle Bustle" and "Dream World" aren't even two of my favorites of hers by selections.		But you know what? There is so much other fun and great stuff here by lesser-known names (all tracks here being from the Challenge Label), you don't have to care that much!  This is the biggest set of works by the Blossoms (6 of 28 overall tracks) and the cleanest cuts of the Delicates I've heard - my only samples of them being from the scratchy "Poodle Skirts/Pony Tails" sets to date.  It seems many were catching on to the "Wall of Sound" and lots of great interpretations!  Among my favorites "The Boy I Love" - Renee Medina; "Come on Everybody" - Delicates; "Crying on my Pillow" - Dorothy Berry and the powerful cover of 50s pop tune "A Little Bit of Soap" - Yvonne Carroll. I really expected another enormous "explosion" with the gigantic beat buildup from "I Want to Get Married" - Delicates, but then this trails off in to a beautiful soul tune.		Also very cute and peppy songs too, like: "You Haven't Seen Nothing (till you've seen my new boyfriend)" - Dee Dee Young; "Good-Bye Ginny" (mistitled "Jimmy") - Panda Berry;  "Love Bells" (ting-a-ling-a-ling!) - The Galens; "I Gotta Tell it" - Blossoms and the sweetest of all being "Date Bait" - Diane Maxwell.  The only track here credited from the late 1950s ('59) and you can easily tell by the beat. "...I hear your motor comin' down the street, so I rush to the door with lightin' on my feet...!" Even the "Un-PC risky" track "Chinese Lanterns" fails to offend where many songs crossed some lines of ethnic slur, IMO.		Lastly and always fun to me as a collector are those "sound-alike" songs that seemed to be separated at birth from others...!  The one that succeeded here is "How Long Must This Fool Pay?" - Yvonne Carroll sounding suspiciously a lot like "Every Little Bit Hurts"!  Oh well!  If a good song can go around once more in another form, why not?
0,This is as good as anything they've done before or since. It is strong in the spirit of the Whispers' tradition : great singing,great dance numbers, great musicianship,production,arranging, etc. Great,smooth singing; it's what the Whispers do best.
0,When "Results" was released in 1989, it was unfairly trashed by critics who dismissed Minnelli as a past-her-prime vocalist desperate to jump on the top 40 bandwagon.  They couldn't be more wrong.  "Results" is a fabulous album that transformed Liza into a disco diva. The album's tracks are unmistakedly PSB, but Minelli gives them personality and depth.  The opener "I Want You Now" ends any and all speculation as to whether Minnelli can pull it off on the dancefloor, and the groove doesn't let up for the rest of the disc.  Minnelli purists will be horrified, but everyone else including PSB fans should pick this winner up.  Results guaranteed.
0,my favorite townes, recordedat the height of his smack addiction.  go figure.
0,This album has great production. They have great voices. Missy Elliott is a great producer to work with, good choice. Every song has good beats, although some seem to repeat the same direction on the verses. The best  songs are "Gotta Leave" and "You Don't Know". Excellent  tracks, maybe some other artists should try going the same dirrection with  their creativity.
0,I had all their vinyl in the 60;s. RECCOMEND FOR  ALL 65@ OVER.Would like more by them. Yoy make reviewihg hard. I listen to music,I do not write the lyrics.
0,As one reviewer put it, this a toss up with the "Restless" album as his best with #2 At the speed...#3 Man vs. Machine #4 Weapons of Mass Destruction(In my opinion his, not worst 'cause X is a stellar MC,but least favorite..too commercial for my taste), anyways bout the album: D to tha O to tha P to tha E, DOPE, pick this one up fa' sho, pussy pop, 3 card molly, what you see..., and chamber music being reasons why...Also look out for any Strong Arm Steady material comin out with Phil Tha Agony, Krondon, and SD619'S OWN Mitchy Slick
0,This cd is very good & he mixes a little of folk with a tad of hip-hop. Extremely well written with songs like The A Team, Drunk,Wake Me Up & You Need Me, I Don't Need You. Production is awesome & his acoustic guitar playing is tremendous, overall great cd for an extremely gifted artist.
0,I have always liked The Doobies and this new album doesn't disappoint.  The songs with Michael McDonald and Wille Nelson add to an already strong compilation of music.
0,You can not go wrong with ANY of his Album. I am now collecting ALL of them since my first CD which was a surprise gift to me, I just fall in love. I do Yoga everyday, and fitness work out everyday. I love listening to his CDs whenever to focus my vision, emotion, and relaxes my body. I also like to cook a nice meal while playing his CDs. I wish he was not married! ha ha.
0,I like the theme music, which repeats itself throughout the various tracks. It sounds very much like Antarctica. However, I only find myself listening to a few tracks. Track 4 has a little over 2 minutes of solo reed instrument, which sounds like movie music as it doesn't create any atmosphere like the other tracks do. It then repeats track 1 after the reed solo and fades away after a few minutes, which seems kind of strange. I've never known Vangelis to do reprises. Other tracks like five just don't recapture the vastness and escapement that tracks 1 and 2 create. However, if you're wondering whether to buy it, I'll say that some of the tracks are wonderful enough that I wouldn't pass them up given another chance.
0,great music, with great beats. n. y. and crazy horse is really on their game in this collection. should had more hits than just southern pacific. even though I didn't enjoy a couple of tunes, but you can't like 'em all. over all worth having in your collection. especially if you love niel young he had bigger albums, this should have been up there with the rest of them. enjoy
0,no issue so far.
0,Most of this album hits the mark - Slow Hand playing his blues roots.		I've been a Clapton fan for decades and certainly remember, and appreciate, the hard rock days.  But, in recent years he has returned to blues and I really love it.  Most of these tracks sound like deep Delta blues.  I particularly enjoyed Alabama Woman Blues.  Some do miss the mark - such as Catch the Blues, in my opinion.  But, overall, I really enjoy the album.		I'm a little disappointed in some reviews that ding the album for not being a hard rock album and accuse Clapton of having lost his energy.  This was clearly never intended as a rock album and, if that is what you are looking for, just pass it by.  It's a blues album.
0,I can only give 5 stars but this is such a superlative set of music.  You cannot leave this page without buying it!  At the moment, the price ($10) makes an amazing bargain.		This is the Jeff Beck album I always wanted.  20 songs, live, and he just blasts his way though every one like a Ferrari on a test course. If we could somehow climb into a time machine and take this music go back 40 years, several of these takes would have become canonical.  E.g. Walking in the Sand. But there is not a bad cut here. I especially love the fact that all the cuts are old-school short and you don't have that post-vinyl-era bloat where 3 minute songs become 5 minute songs.		Buy it!
0,My sister loves Brooks and Dunn so I got it for he for a Christmas Gift. I also love this tape.
0,Update- March 18, 2014.  Alright I have no problem admitting I was a little too harsh on Hotter Than Hell the first time I listened to/reviewed it.  Things change so I'll write a better, more open-minded review.  It turns out I like Kiss way more than I originally thought.  I found this out last month when I re-listened to all their 70's albums.  They're still on the generic side- I have to stand by that.  But that doesn't mean the band can't crank out some quality tunes once in a while (especially during the 70's when they were much more consistent and rocked harder).		"Got to Choose" opens this album.  Not a song I'd ever place on a list of favorite Kiss songs and I feel it's somewhat weak as an opener, but I suppose the "Who's your baby" part is alright.  This song has the potential to grow on me over time.  In fact it's growing on me now!  "Parasite" has a really appealing gritty guitar riff, and it's MUCH heavier than most of Kiss material.  I love the chorus "Parasite lady, parasite eyes!"  The guitar solo really tears in an awesome and melodic kind of way too.  "Goin' Blind" is some kind of ballad anthem.  Reminds me of Lynyrd Skynyrd's "Tuesday's Gone" a little bit in the atmosphere and approach (the two vocal melodies are completely different of course).  This song is a highlight.  The guitar tricks during the chorus are cool.		The title song is next.  It's a nice mid tempo glam rocker.  I don't mind the verse melody but the chorus really doesn't appeal to me at all because of how lazily written it sounds.  The soaring guitar solo is a pleasant thrilling surprise at the end, at least.  "Let Me Go, Rock & Roll" is a fast-paced, 50's-style rock and roll aggressive tune.  This song is more up my alley.  I like when hard rock bands write music in this style especially rock artists from the 60's and 70's because you know they're really trying to make it a believable throwback to an era long gone.  "All the Way" is more mid tempo glam rock.  Nothing particularly special (I can think of a bunch of rock artists at the time who'd be able to run circles around this song in the glam rock department) but it's alright.  The guitar solo is definitely awesome, though.  It's too short however.  I am beginning to warm up to the chorus "And you just keep talkin' louder, complain to your mother and father, one of these days you'll push me all the way!"		"Watchin' You" is based around a VERY heavy guitar riff!  Really deep and smokin' vocals too.  This song is really cool, especially the verse melody.  It sort of loses steam during the chorus which is often times a problem with Kiss music (the chorus doesn't live up to the verse and feels out of place).  The guitar work during the solo is REALLY amazing, thankfully.  "Mainline" is another high point.  The chorus is especially the most appealing factor. "Mainline, baby won't you give it to me one time".  "Comin' Home" has an upbeat guitar riff.  The song needs to be longer to give me a better impression of it however.  "Strange Ways" is excellent for the really heavy guitar riff and cool verse melody.  This song might be my favorite song on the album.  It's THAT good!  Vocals sort of remind me of the lead singer of Golden Earring too, surprisingly enough.		As weird as this sounds, I think the reason I can't quite get into this album compared to other Kiss albums is due to the title- Hotter Than Hell.  With such a frightening and intimidating title, you'd think the music would be REALLY good but for the most part it's just mid tempo, enjoyable rock music.  Of course there's more taking place than just the album title obviously- the music should always be taken into consideration first and it does and... it's definitely good music.  Better than I originally gave it credit for, in fact.  I dunno, it's just not the one Kiss album I'd recommend first.		Here's my older review.  Don't take it seriously- it's old for a reason.  My feelings have changed more positively.  I was definitely in an angry mood when I wrote it.  Here it is:		Kiss is quite possibly the worst commercial rock band of all-time when we think about negative influences.  Even as far back as 1974 and their Hotter Than Hell album, Kiss is responsible for influencing the power ballad/hair metal movement that sparked the likes of Bon Jovi, Twisted Sister, Motley Crue, and several other cheesy, secondrate rock artists.  These are the artists that people like to point out destroyed the spirit of rock and roll and sucked the originality right out of the entire genre, but actually it was Kiss who started the dumbing down process of rock and roll, so they definitely get most of the blame from my point of view.		Just listen to Hotter Than Hell if you don't believe me.  "Got to Choose" features a really lame verse melody, and an obnoxiously simplistic chorus.  Everything about Kiss is so unbelievably simple that my IQ level goes down just THINKING about their music.		If someone were to tell me Kiss didn't influence the bands I mention above, I simply wouldn't believe them.  This is because the majority of this album (and every other Kiss album from the 70's) is nearly identical to a typical generic mid 80's hair metal tune.		For that, sure, Kiss is definitely an influence on the heavy metal style that took place in the near future, but trust me on this one- it was a *very* bad influence.  We're still hearing that influence to this very day, in fact.  Just listen to the new Ozzy Osbourne album titled Scream if you don't believe me.		Sometimes Kiss lets completely loose and manages to entertain me with a passable rock song, such as the heavy riffs and screamer vocals included on a track like "Parasite".  Kiss should have kept their music going in THIS direction 100% of the time, because by the end of the album, you hear a song like "Mainline" and experience the Bon Jovi-like mid-tempo corniness all over again.		Skip this one folks.  I mean the entire band, not just the album.  There's a reason Kiss is one of the worst rock bands from the 70's, and this album is solid proof of that.  I'll be nice and give the album a 3 star rating because whenever a song like "Parasite" appears, the band is actually pretty good.  Enjoy those brief moments while they last however, because sooner rather than later, they'll be right back into generic cheeseball mode for your displeasure all over again.		Remember Kiss for their live performances and *not* for the quality of their songwriting, which is weaker than anything else from the 70's.  I guarantee it.
0,The Tudors is a great soundtrack, excellent reflections in the music to the era of that period.	Funny enough, a great soundtrack that compete or surpass the Tudors album is The Kingdoms of Heaven, written by Harry Gregson-Williams.	Now Either Trevor Morris, Copied HGW or the other way around. Both albums are very much alike and youcould easily mix up between one album and the other. Bottom line, who cares. The end product in both soundtracks is simply amazing and great for the ears.	If you Like the Tudors, run and buy Kingdoms of heaven.
0,I've seen KWS a few times live, including a Jimmy Hendrix tribute show.  The guy ripped it, stole the show, and there were a lot of great guitarists there that night.  Maybe he (or his manager) has decided he needed to do something else.  Although KWS shows off his new $500 marketingdepartmentinspired haircut and the songs are more polished, this is a very good album.		Nice to see Noah Hunt featured on this disc, he's got one the best rock and roll voices out there.		Note: I recently edited this review.  At first I thought this album was just so-so.  But I after more listens I changed my mind.  Not his best, but darn good.
0,I bought this version of the opera because it was mentioned in the book Opera 101, and also because I love Sutherland and Pavarotti's singing. It's decadently gorgeous. I'm a lapdog for Donizetti (and bel canto in general) and he hits home runs with nearly every number in this opera. The heroine is a simpleminded patsy whose neck you want to wring for believing her brother's transparent lies, but Sutherland makes you care about her. I never found Dame Joan as good an actress as, say, Beverly Sills, but she acts here. The Mad Scene is more than the sum of its runs and trills--it has dramatic shape and logic.	Pavarotti sings Edgardo lusciously, Milnes is fiercely wicked as Enrico, and Ghiaurov sonorous as the dull Raimondo (but he gets some pulse-pounding mileage out of the music). I generally like Bonynge's conducting--he moves operas along at a good clip, but never loses the music.	If you like bel canto, if you like Donizetti, if you like Lucia, you'll like this recording. The sound is fine and you may find yourself--as I do--repeating tracks again and again, and singing lustily along.
0,I heard about this group a while ago. I have bought some of their albums. I finally saw them play live in 2004 and I got to meet them. They are real nice people. Listening to their previous albums, they are quiet and slow. It is dark music. Some of their live shows last year debuted the new material. People were shocked. This music was stronger and more powerful. Songs like "California" didn't seem possible in the past. Songs with such soaring melodies seem fresh and too positive for Low. New songs like "Everybody's Song" and "Just Stand Back" are reminiscent of early REM or The Replacements. There is some old school Low on here too, as on "Cut The Strings" which highlights the presence of Dave Fridmann as a producer. "Step" is simply a great song that needs to be heard. Low has some swagger on this album, as if they are trying to change the course of history. This is one of the best albums of early 2005 so far.
0,After re-watching the movie and enjoying the score so much the only option I had was to enjoy the music as much as I enjoyed the movie. Fantastic score overall.
0,Great Cd and I love the price too.
0,It's a CD, it plays
0,This CD would be worth it just to see Van smiling. I had to look three times before I could believe it.  If you like to dance this Van CD is a good bet with some hot rockin' tunes to get you up on the scud track and groovin'.  I have always appreciated Van's wide diversity in musical styles and with You Win Again, I have, in fact, won again. He shows  that he is willing to let it all hang out and take more than his share of the risks. I found Linda Gail's voice a good match with Van's and the obvious pleasure these two performers were having comes right through the music. Along with the Skiffle Sessions I think You Win Again is the best Van has released in years. Do yourself a favor and tune in to this CD for some happy, playful  Jump tunes.
0,Nice cd if you like ltd
0,THIS GROUP WERE VERY POPULAR DURING THE "GRUNGE CRAZE" BACK IN THE EARLY 90'S. ALONG WITH ALICE IN CHAINS, SOUNDGARDEN AND PEARL JAM THESE GUYS MADE THEIR MARK IN ALTNATIVE MUSIC, TOO BAD IT DIDN'T LAST LONG. THE LATE KURT COBAIN'S SCEECHING VOCALS WITH LYRICS YOU COULDEN'T UNDERSTAND HALF THE TIME STILL MADE AN IMPACT ON THE YOUTH AT THAT TIME. MY FAVERITE SONGS FROM THIS REALEASE ARE "IN BLOOM", "STAY AWAY", "LITUIUM", AND OF COURSE THE ONE SONG THAT MADE NIRVANNA A HOUSEHOLD NAME "SMELLS LIKE TEEN SPRIT" MANY BANDS HAVE TRIED TO INMATATE THE STYLE AND SOUND OF NIRVANNA BUT SOMEHOW IT NEVER DID WORK.
0,Great product ! Great service !
0,I have a number of Jeffrey Thompson albums and rate them all as 5's. They give me both enjoyment and are not intrusive. If I want "intrusive", I don't look for it or appreciate it in this general type of CD. Intrusive so-called relaxation CDs leave me feeling irritable, and I mean "feeling".		I am very happy with this four CD set. But I don't use CDs for sleep - ANY CDs - as I find them distracting & I can't sleep - I just want to relax myself and go to sleep. This is in no way a criticism of this great CD set & everyone's needs differ; I just use it to relax when I am doing everyday things. I just have my own, effective, way of getting to sleep & I don't have to calm myself first - give me sleep asap when I'm tired.		The four CDs vary in type. There are two music ones plus nice ones of rain and ocean respectively. The one I really love to the point of almost addiction is "Soothing Music for Sleep" and it really does produce a state of calm in me - I can feel it & my often "unsettled" state of being just gets sorted out so I tick over nicely &  can apply myself better to what I need to do. When the CD became damaged so I got the dreaded "no disc" comment from my player, I was agast. I couldn't get a replacement soon enough. And I keep coming back to this particular CD and am prone to playing it repetitively far more than any others of my vast collection of favourite CDs.		Much recommended.
0,Before hearing this album, I thought for sure that either Blueprint or Even In Darkness would take the crown for the year's best album, but Nas changed all of that on December 18th. Not only is this his best album since Illmatic, but it is the best lyrical album that I have heard in a while. It is beyond refreshing to hear Nas surpass his potential over tracks like the Stillmatic intro, You're Da Man, One Mic, Rewind, 2nd Childhood and What Goes Around. Many of his fans that have been disappointed because of his subpar performances on I Am and Nastradamus will be more than happy with this album. This album is a must-have for Nas and hip-hop fans alike.
0,IF there is a better *LIVE* album out there, I'd like to know what it is, because I've never heard it.  The Eagles have always been one of my favorite bands, and after I came upon this album, I made up my mind to see them in concert as soon as I could.  Unfortunately, by the time I got my hands on this cassette, they had already broke up.  Really bad timing on my part.  But that didn't stop my complete facination with their music.  I just couldn't believe how they managed to sound SO GOOD on stage, versus some of the truly... groups I had seen live (some of which are really good, but IN person, well they stunk).  One of my personal favorite cuts has to be 'Seven Bridges Road', while never a major commercial success, it IS however one incredibly GREAT song, done FANTASTIC in concert.  But never fear, they have managed to include just about each and every one of their best songs on this complilation, including: 'The Long Run', 'Heartache Tonight', 'I Can't Tell You Why', 'Take It To The Limit' & 'Desperado' and let's not forget 'Hotel California'.  About the only song I found that I wished they had included, but didn't was 'In The City' from The Long Run CD.  Maybe an additional Joe Walsh tune, but basically I can't complain.		Not long ago, I had the MAJOR opportunity to fulfill my dream of seeing the Eagles LIVE in concert, and without question, it was THE BEST sounding concert I have EVER seen.  I work in radio and over the years I have been most fortunate to have had the chance to see a LOT of concerts, and the Eagles blew them ALL away.  Absolutely NO contest (other than Glenn Frey attempting to sing 'You Belong To The City' and not able to hit the high notes...).  Their ability to capture the *sound* of their recorded songs is incredible.  If you enjoy the Eagles (and I cannot imagine you NOT), IF you get that chance to see them perform on stage, do NOT shy away from the high ticket price (and I DO understand it can be pricey), but it will be WELL worth the price--TRUST ME.  NOBODY does it better *LIVE* than the Eagles.
0,The more I listen to "The Historical Conquests of Josh Ritter," the more I like it.  The opening track "To the Dogs Or Whoever" has a machine gun lyric shooting out faster than Bob Dylan's lyrically packed tracks with Ritter singing zoom style, "I love the way she looks in her underwear; I lose my page then the plot then the book then I swear; She makes the most of her time by loving me plenty; She knows there'll come a day when we won't be getting any."  "Mind's Eye" tromps out with a beat like a transformer clomping on cars.  "Right Moves" sounds like a slightly bent pop song that wishes it were released in the golden age of radio.  "The Temptation of Adam" contrasts the sweetness of a Paul Simon folk song with an apocalyptic lyric, "I never had to learn to love like I learned to love the Bomb."  "Open Doors" is catchy with a thin drum sound that makes it sound as if it was pounded out in the garage.  "Rumors" delights with a slightly tango-flavored beat and Ritter pushing the lyrical boundaries, "My orchestra is gigantic; This thing could sink the Titanic; And the string section's screaming like horses in a barn burning up."  "Edge of the World" is a brief instrumental inserted about the middle of the set.  The CD concludes with my two favorite tracks.  "Empty Hearts" is a polished pop song while "Wait for Love (You Know You Will)" is a more full band arrangement of track 8 with its catchy chorus.  While my package did not come with a bonus disc, this set shows growth from this very talented Idaho singer with each track unique.  Bravo!
0,Beneath the Massacre have got to be without question one of the best, and most brutal, vicious, unrelenting technical death metal bands out there today. I bought their 2007 full length debut "Mechanics of Dysfunction" over the summer, and I gotta say that whenever I listen to this album, my mind is just completely blown away every time. This neck-snapping technical death metal assault is as intelligent and self-aware as it is carnivorous and blood mad, and is just chock full of vicious death roars that will grab you right by the throat, fast, relentless technical riffs, back scorching leads, punishing breakdowns, and pummeling destructive blast beats. Lead grunter Elliot Desgagnes's roars are just brutal, vicious and throat ripping. Guitarist Christopher Bradley shreds, shreds, and shreds throughout with a neverending barrage of relentless gut-punching technical riffs, and wild scorching leads. Dennis Bradley's bass lines are sick and very heavy throughout.  Justin Rousselle's drumming is just dare I say incredible. His blast beats are like a jackhammer pounding away at your senses, and his double bass kicks are like a machine gun firing off countless rounds of ammunition. Higlights include: "The Surface", "Society's Disposable Son", "The System's Failure", "The Stech of Misery", "Modern Age Slavery", "The Invisible Hand", "Better Off Dead", and "Sleepless". If you're a fan of technical death metal, you'll definately like Beneath the Massacre. Sure this whole album may be 30 minutes long, but it's worth every single penny, I'm sure glad I bought it, and I hope you enjoy it too. Well, enjoy!!!	Jeremy's song ratings:	1. The Surface (2:41) - 5/5	2. Society's Disposable Son (3:28) - 5/5	3. The System's Failure (3:29) - 5/5	4. The Stench of Misery (2:57) - 5/5	5. Untitled (0:58) - 4/5	6. Modern Age Slavery (3:22) - 5/5	7. The Invisible Hand (3:07) - 5/5	8. Better Off Dead (2:36) - 5/5	9. Long Forgotten (3:33) - 5/5	10. Sleepless (3:46) - 5/5
0,Really great compilation cd!
0,best one.
0,This is a great album. Only complaint is that they are cut in some places to shorten the song. not the structure I remember.
0,Borrowed the album - did not like it.  Grew on me and I had to retrun it.  A year later - I have bought it and it will have to grow on me again.  Lyrics a tad explicit for my tatste.  I did not notice that before.
0,Great CD if you are into the "new" country.  I bought it as I loved Redneck Crazy and have now grown to like the entire album.  My favorite songs are of course Redneck Crazy, Whiskey in my Water (absolute favorite) and Dirty.  This album will get you up and moving and you will find yourself turning it up a little louder each time.
0,Feist is a complete original, although she pays inadvertant homage to so many others: Dusty Springfield, Sade, Jane Siberry, even Billie Holliday.  Her covers are impeccably chosen, including songs by Ron Sexsmith, Blossom Dearie and, oddly enough, the Bee Gees (she does an incredible version of their old '70s disco chestnut "Inside and Out").  But it's her own songs that really grab you, especially the title song, which is one of the most wistfully sad songs I've ever heard, and the eighties-ish "One Evening," which sounds like something Sade or George Michael might have cooked up.		For the record, the extended UK CD is even better, because it includes Feist's own lovely, lovelorn "Amourissima" and a fabulous cover of the Francoise Hardy song "L'Amour Ne Dure Pas Toujours," which both confirm that Feist knows her way around a chanson.  In short, Leslie Feist is extremely wonderful.
0,this is a pretty good album i must say, it has the same old sound, but with a newer vibe. if that makes any sense at all. i would give it more stars, but they don't have that option.
0,So, why isn't this song in the box set? Maybe because this one of the only songs that the Eagles performed that were not written by the band's members? Maybe they don't want to pay rotalties that great singer-songwriter who wrote it? His name is Steve Young and you should go and buy his cd's, his version of seven bridges road is ten times better than the one made famous by the Eagles, and all his cd's are great!
0,I just love her music. I fell in love with the violin the way she play's. Her videos are fantastic too!!!
0,I listen to Ricky Martin music.
0,I needed to find that classic song "Wild Fire" which was a big hit for Michael Murphy. Brings back my high school days.
0,I'll keep it short and sweet - I truly think this is easily their second best CD ever.  I don't think they'll ever top "Last Splash", but I enjoy this one better than all of the rest.  It did take me 2-3 or three listens to get into it too for some reason, but I'm glad I did get into it finally.
0,Long before there was Norah Jones, Madeleine Peyroux stumbled off the streets of Paris into the hearts, minds, and souls of music afficianados worldwide with "Dreamland."		I owe it to a surprisingly "musically taste-inclined" office mate of mine for turning me on to Peyroux.  "Walkin after Midnight," is one of the CD's few missteps.  With the rest of Peyroux's boozy Billie Holliday-esque its lightness just doesn't fit.  It gives you "one of these things is not like the other," moments.  But the rest is simply golden.		You will find yourself doing a double take on Peyroux's album pictures since her voice is way beyond her age.  It is the sound of aged hard earned wisdom and smokey resonance.  Peyroux was a 22-year old when she made this album.  "La Vie en Rose," is a wonderful take on Edith Piaf and all that is lacking is the scratchy sound of a needle passing over ridges of vinyl.  Peyroux is infinitely listenable.  Her music is of the mood sweeping timeless.  You wonder if she has her own voice or if the whole act isn't a send-up of Holliday imitation, but as you explore the liner notes there are some beautiful Peyroux penned acoustic blues numbers that will turn you into a believer.  Even if it does sound too much like Billie Holliday...that's not a bad thing.  You will find yourself not caring and just caught up in the music.		Enjoy audiophiles.	--MMW
0,This is a stunning debut from two former street performers, Rodrigo & Gabriela.  To me, it sounds like the Gipsy Kings meets Nirvana Unplugged.  The guitar-work on this album is truly amazing.  Also, the use of slapping on the guitar's bottom in place of a drum is pretty cool.		The only complaint I have is that I wish some of the songs had more varied instrumentation.  One song features a violin, which definitely adds to the cool-factor.		This is the sort of album that you can put on and people will definitely ask, "Who's that?" Overall, this is a really impressive debut.  I can't wait to see what they do on their next album!
0,SRV has to be on the short list of greatest guitarists ever. He is amazing. This album is one of his best, it is just awesome. This man could play and this album really shows off his skills. Great album.
0,Introspective!
0,If you even remotely like any of Hans Zimmer previous soundtracks, you definite need to add this to your collection
0,Bob James and David Sanborn make an excellent team!
0,great
0,I didn't think I'd like this album as much as I did when I bought it, but was pleasantly surprised by songs like Tour de Force, Like Tears In Rain, Afterhours, and especially Helicopter (my favorite on this album). Overall it is a very enjoyable album.
0,excellent
0,this cd played well only one song had a problem but it is ok , please change my review to a 5 star .  thanks
0,Howard Jones had several synthesizer/drum machine-driven pop hits in the 1980s, the most well-known of which were "What Is Love?" and "Things Can Only Get Better" (on this album) which can be found on a number of 80s compilations.  He is also known not only for his eccentric wardrobe & hairstyle and for being a one-man show but for the positive message he incorporated in his music.  I saw a television feature on him a few years back and was impressed to learn how many people were touched by his songs and how his songs helped some of his fans get through tough times.  It's rather clich and sometimes just silly when people say how some cheesy pop tune saved them from suicide, and usually they are insincere.  The people in this feature, however, seemed very genuine about the ways Jones' music touched their lives.  Jones also seems like a very nice fellow.  I decided to check out Dream Into Action (great album title).		Several songs off this album are on his greatest hits CD.  Strangely, I found most of these tracks to be the weakest on the album.  I've always liked "Things Can Only Get Better" with its bouncy synthesizer hooks.  "Life in One Day," though, is my least favorite on the album.  It is too funky (for lack of a better word), too cutesy and cheesy for my tastes.  I always skip that song.  "Like to Get to Know You Well," while upbeat, is very repetitive.  "No One Is To Blame" was produced by Phil Collins and, like a lot of Collins' music, it is a play-it-safe pleasant ballad with nothing too ingenious or unique.  "Look Mama" (also on the greatest hits CD) is an interesting track.  Lyrically, it is rather childlike ("Look mama I love you but you gotta let me live my life") but is musically a little experimental which is what I like about 1980s electronic pop.		The tracks I like the best here are the ones where the instruments take control.  My favorite is "Assault and Battery."  Rather than driven by synthesizers, this track is seized by the piano and sounds very innovative Joe Jacksonesque.  "Bounce Right Back" is a dance track with versus sung in a street style.  Think maybe Oran Juice Jones "Somebody's Watching Me" style; more talking than singing; possibly a style that was a precursor to rap.  The title track is another of my favorites.  It is a clever electronically experimental track.  It has an industrial sound (not NIN type of "industrial" but a factory sounding synthesizer style).  "Automaton" is another electronically-driven track with some innovation.  Of the rest, "Elegy" is the most somber number of this mostly optimistic album ("Is it wrong to long for death?  Must I cling to the thrills of life?") yet still offers a light at the end of the tunnel ("Take us forward through this tomb, there's no finish to a life").  "Hunger for the Flesh" is another slow and interesting track.  It reminds me of early 1980s Genesis (a slow, toned-down "Home By the Sea," maybe).  "Is There a Difference?" is the only other track that I usually skip.  It is a little too cheesy, Thompson Twinesque for me.  In sum, if you know Howard Jones' hits and are considering checking out his albums, Dream Into Action has plenty to offer.  It offers 14 tracks (two of which are not on my copy, including "Specialty") with enough variety to please most any 1980s pop fan's tastes.  The tracks I think are the best of the dozen (i.e. "Assault and Battery," "Dream Into Action," and "Hunger For Flesh") are probably the ones that are not played as often.  If you are curious, give this album a try.
0,excellent
0,This is not a crap. This is a challenge. Maybe Jeff is an oldtime guitar player. But I think that Jeff in this album is like a techno hard rock style. So many guitarist come and gone.but Jeff still lives here alive. The most important thing is that he still breathes in the  present time. Jeff is not lost in the background music. Still his guitar sound appeals to me emotionally. This album is a future sound that lingers on in his head. Forget the "Wired" album. Watch his present tense!
0,I also own volume 2.  He is my favorite artist and in June I'll be seeing him live for the first.time.
0,Amazing music
0,Excellent service and fine CD.
0,thanks
0,Hands down, this Rush series is the highest quality vinyl that I have purchased - This stuff is absolutely pristine!  Of course, if the music wasn't any good, none of that would matter, but we all know that is not the case!  Great stuff!  Well worth the $23.99!!
0,"Ryde Or Die" Vol. 1 can basically be described as one big sloppy variety pack- and yes, there are no "stand-out" tracks...some notable ones, yes ("Jigga My N***a", "Down Bottom", "Pina Colada" only for Drag-On's performance), but none that you'll get stuck in your head. As much as I hate the Lox (don't ask), they work well here, particularly on the title track. DMX is good as usual, Jay-Z is his I-have-so-much-charisma-that-I-can-get-away-with-the-silliest-things self, Eve is great as always, Parle bites, Mase is alright, Jermaine Dupri is soft, Juvenile clicks, Infra-Red is nice...man, this is just un-notable from start to finish. Swizz Beatz literally IS the whole darn CD, weaving his magic into everything and trying as hard as he can to make something bust loose, but the rappers don't seem to be concerned with that here. It sounds like another day at the office. It's fun, but not the definition that the Ruff Ryders would want you to think it is. But then again, it DID hit #1...	Not really recommended, unless you love everybody here.
0,Such peaceful serene music to my ears, I love the albums of Ann Licater. Her flute playing is very gentle and sweet. Once again, she calls us to go deeper and relax into our true blissful nature of pure consciousness, by offering an ' Invitation From Within ' .
0,I really like every selection, and ending with Liebestod makes it a favorite... ups and downs... exciting to melancholy the moods of love in opera.  I am no buff, so I'll just say for me it is a very enjoyable album!
0,An outrageously humorous romp through the corridors of an insane asylum, something no one other than Alice Cooper could pull off--and successfully, too. Based on his real-life experiences while "drying out" in a NY facility, Alice manages to express both sides of the emotional turmoil he must have felt while on the inside. In the anguish of "How You Gonna See Me Now," he questions whether his wife will accept him once he returns home as a changed man, while "Wish I Was Born in Beverly Hills" illustrates the decadent lifestyle of a spoiled rotten rich girl ("I wish I could drink as much as she spills"). "Nurse Rozetta" finds Our Hero salivating over the night-shift nurse while immersed in a very naughty fantasy. When AC hit bottom, he struck gold with this one. A real treasure I only recently discovered.
0,this is the best album i think that LP has make i have listen to it over 100 times there are like 8 favorite songs on this album its a must get .
0,2 for 1 is ALWAYS a great deal! Hope they keep coming out with them so I can increase my Tammy collection!
0,This is my second Megadeth CD ("Youthanasia" was the first), and between the two, I'd say that this one is definitely better.  I mean, "Youthanasia" is great, but this one packs more punch, and is  better for going insane to.  From what I gather, this is most likely the  best of the new Megadeth CD's, the older ones may be better because they're  supposed to be like old Metallica, but I haven't heard them yet, so I don't  know.  I'm not sure Dave made a better album than the Black Album in this  as he planned (the Black Album is a masterpiece, after all), but I'd say  that he at least came very close.  There are no skip-overs here, but  "Symphony of Destruction" and "Sweating Bullets" are my  faves on here.  "Symphony" may possibly be the best Megadeth song  to date, but I'd have to hear them all to know for sure.  So, if you're  sick and tired of "popular" metal like Korn, Limp Bizkit, and  Rage Against the Machine, pick this album up and prepare to go wild!  Also,  be sure to check out Iced Earth, the most underrated and awesome band  alive!  Peace folks, and keep on rockin'!
0,Love it.  Morrissey sounds better than ever, reminds me of Vauxhall very much.  Every song is good.  Got it for $3.99 on amazon mp3 downloads.  Cant beat that.  I would have gladly paid full price though.  Enjoy!
0,I bought this album originally for THE WAY YOU LOOK TONIGHT which is its highlight.  However, I also enjoy the others.  These songs are great to dance to!  Frank's singing is good on this album - not top notch as on THE CONCERT SINATRA for example but then this is a lighter album.	Nelson's orchestrations are supberb and so is the sound quality which is way better than on any of the other 60s non-remastered CDs I've heard.  There is literally no HISS. What is annoying (as is the case on most of his 1960s Reprise albums) is the EXTREME STEREO seperation and the contrast of reverb - there is lots on Frank and not enough on the orchestra, especially on the string section.
0,This 2-CD set contains the three albums which the late Dennis Brown recorded for A&M Records (1981's "Foul Play", 1982's "Love Has Found Its Way" and 1983's "The Prophet Rides Again"). All three albums can best be described as a fusion of Roots Reggae and Pop-R&B and have their moments of glory as well as a few lackluster tunes. It was obvious that A&M Records wanted to turn Dennis Brown into the superstar that he was in both the UK and Jamaica here in the USA but it just failed to happen. Although A&M did promote all three albums Urban Contemporary/Urban R&B radio stations gave them virtually no airplay and (to add insult to injury) many Reggae purists viewed these attempts at mainstream commercial success and across-the-board success with a dubious and skeptical eye. In many ways, it is shameful that these albums did not reach a wider audience when first released in the early 1980s because, if anything, they do prove that 1960s and 1970s R&B/Soul music did inform and influence many Reggae singers. Enjoy!
0,great
0,It's Still rock and Roll to me' is probably one of the weakest tracks on the album. Idont want to be alone, you were the one and most of the others all memorable tunes and arrangements
0,The definitive STP album.	This is a piece of a band in it's heyday, the confidence in the album is evident throughout.	There are tracks on this album that will live on forever,Plush specifically is a phenomenal song  which singlehandedly pushed alternative/grunge music in a new direction. If  anything, STP have always been themselves, trend setting and hard core  rockers with acres of talent.	Eric Kretz is probably one of the best  drummers of all time,his complex rhythms complement the the torn-raspy  vocals of Weiland and make the songs sound,as all great songs truly are,  simple.	The songs like Wicked Garden, Dead and Bloated,Creep and Sex Type  thing are legendary and make this band rank up there with Bush and  Collective Soul.	If you enjoy the sound of musicians, and not what record  companies think you'll love,the STP is the obvious choice.	Get to the  Core
0,Admittedly, this is a nostalgic album for me.  I was in the military when this first came out.  I pretty much wore the album out I played it so often.  I know a lot of people would disagree, but I've always felt that this style of music was the best that the Bee Gees ever put out.		This album grabs you from the opening notes of "Holiday" and holds you captive through the haunting "New York MIning Disaster..."  Nearly every track is outstanding.  Anybody wanting to familiarize themselves with the material that sprung the Bee Gees into prominence should consider this CD a must-have.
0,It has one of the best Pearl Jam songs ever written....nothingman.....I think i hear it like a thousand times, and I'm not tired yet. The rest is a very good album.
0,Nice cd
0,This band is absolutely fantastic.  The album is packed with songs that you will never forget.  I'd suggest getting the deluxe edition of the album because it has more great numbers and some nice remixes of their popular songs.
0,A little late to the fan wagon... I purchased 21, and lived it! Then a friend told me it wasn't her first album.  This one is just as good.
0,For those who have followed the timeless music of Woody	Shaw, the importance of this release needs no explanation.	For those who have just begun to listen to the dynamic	Brass King from Newark, you have quite the treat awaiting	you. For those among you who've never heard Woody Shaw	perform his instrumentally-lyrical sorcery, sit down,	prep your ears up, and get ready to hear one of the	greatest live performances in the history of recorded	Music.	Those who run around confused over what Jazz is about,	given all the parlor room tinsel and archival pimping	scurrying about these days, may consider this Columbia	CD a vital set of STEPPING STONES towards gaining a	finer understanding of Jazz authenticity. As maestro	Shaw and friends demonstrate, authenticity carries a	fiery diversity all its own.		Recorded at the legendary Village Vanguard in August	1978, STEPPING STONES was the first release to concentrate	solely on Shaw's working band. Recent issues by High Note	Records have provided listeners with sterling concert	recordings by subsequent editions of this band between	1977 and the early 1980s, but the long overdue CD release	of STEPPING STONES addresses just how vital THIS edition	of the trumpeter's first working band truly was.		Onaje Allan Gumbs remains, even now, a grandmaster of	a pianist, with a writing hand that dips as nimbly into	groove as it draws mightily from the Blues. Listen to	his "All Things Being Equal Are Not", newly released	for this CD, and feel the balladry of his contemplative	touch, tuning us in.	Bassist Clint Houston, prominent on Shaw's first album	back in 1970, unleashes his finest work here. Rock	steady, impossibly pliant, his fleet fingers dig into	each tempo, plucking personality into every moment with	color, dancing momentous harmony which augments Onaje's	own polyharmoic sprinklings into the concert's righteous	swing and step.	Too, Houston showed that vision for original composition	so resplendent in that generation of Jazz artists (and so	lacking in much of the current generation of performers).	"Escape Velocity", with all its virtuoso ensemble work,	soloing interplay, and conceptual freedom, brings home the	simple point with impeccable swing. For those truly about	this Music, there is no escape from discipline, and the	liberation it holds for all who go there.	Of course, there is Victor Lewis. Time has shown what an	incredible timesifter this drummaster is, and his work	alongside the likes of David Murray, John Hicks, and Randy	Weston has revealed his genius a thousandfold. It was	with Woody Shaw, however, that Lewis' mastery was first	revealed in all its glory, and STEPPING STONES may	astonish those whose only exposure to Lewis has been	to his studio work. Live, Lewis is Shango on fire, an	all-permeating foundation to the deep flight of Shaw's	trumpetuous song. It was also through Shaw that Lewis	revealed his incredible hand for composition; listen	to the urban savvy and sensual sway of "Seventh Avenue",	and find yourself walking different paths.	Not nearly enough respect has been given to reedmaster	Carter Jefferson, his tenor and soprano mastery a sinewy	complement to Shaw's aerial summations. On soprano, his	voice merged the fragile knowhow of Bechet and the	humble dare of Coltrane into a personal beckoning which	ran a number on those seeing the instrument as a mere	backup horn. His tenor poured tide and magma into the	fold, singing with unabashed might and originality, and	a gentleness which made his power all the more compelling	to hear.	Put all this into the focus of a leader drawing upon the	whole of this Music and others, and the result is pure	dynamite.		The vitality of Woody Shaw is in just how comprehensive	his art could reach. The roots of his intervals are as	much in the extensions of Cecil Taylor as the groundwork	of Art Blakey, let alone the maverick mentoring of Eric	Dolphy, or his love of Bartok. For a peak into Shaw's	genius as a composer, listen to the abbreviated version	of "Theme For Maxine" here, then listen to Charles	Mingus' "Goodbye Pork Pie Hat" sometime. Only the finest	compositional minds can utilize the changes of a classic	theme, then write their own original selection upon those	changes.	For those who think that such a feat is simple, or facile,	go elsewhere and check out Shaw's epic tribute to John	Coltrane, "The Moontrane". A closer listen will show the	classic to be conceived upon the thematic changes of Billy	Strayhorn's epic theme for Duke Ellington, "Take The A	Train". Thus, Shaw's lively masterwork stands as a stunning	tribute to THREE grandmasters.	No sampling here! Playing and creating one's own Music,	inspired by  -not slavishly imitating-  those who came	before, makes the difference in artistry.		Then, there's the sheer depth of his brasswork, whether	playing trumpet or  -as he does here-  flugelhorn and	cornet. Daring majesty, warm authority, and adventurous	wisdom all spell the rich harmonic tones, melodic leaps	of faith, and saucy strut of Woody Shaw. His is a truly	signature sound which compels all who listen to get wise,	be true, and come home.	For all this, the special nature of STEPPING STONES is	in the extraordinary empathy that this particular band	enjoyed. Listen to Shaw's "Stepping Stone" itself, a	dazzling clarion call to consciousness stepping proud	through harmolodic thoroughfares and polyrhythmic	rhapsodies. Each artist sprinkles seeds for one another	to grow upon. Each, hearing, addresses one another. All,	in turn, addresses the listener with one of the great	expositions of collective play, full of fun and charged	with drama. Dare we add, it swings!!	Among the seven performances which comprise this CD,	we have a monster rendition of McCoy Tyner's tribute	to Cannonball Adderly, "Blues For Ball" which  -like	everything else on this set-  bears extended listening.		Liner notes by Woody Shaw III (the trumpeter's son),	longtime producer Michael Cuscuna, and trombonist	Steve Turre offer invaluable insights into the	trumpeter's rich legacy; although Turre, in his	very heartfelt reflections on his old friend,	inexplicably neglected to mention one of his finest	collaborations with Shaw; namely, the trumpeter's	final work with Columbia, UNITED. (On the other hand,	given the less-than-ideal nature of Shaw's parting	with the label, one can understand Turre's apparent	lapse of memory on the date marking that departure,	even if the recording was a classic).	The remastering of this material is superb, and will	floor those with memories of their vinyl copies from	long ago.		If you're still with me after all this, you're one	hearty and hardy reader! Be even sturdier. Walk	the STEPPING STONES, and greet the journey	which awaits, full of promise made sound...
0,Well Folks.	  Every time i am looking for an obscure record or Title i go to these folks and there it is...after two or three songs you'll see why i call this a "masterpiece' ..it was before their overwhelming success with "Aqualung" but after their dablings with "classical fusion experimentations" of the album "This Was"......also on this issue the single version of "Teacher"...if u love Tull ...u gotta have this one to put next too "Aqualung"...because that's where it belongs....lol
0,Awesome
0,This is a good recording. Good job.
0,The whole concert on two cds.  The music sounds amazing.  The only thing that could improve on this experience is if they had released a dvd of the performance as well.
0,Even me, as a rocker, can not skip this electronic/dubstep album. It's truely piece of a classics. Recommend for everybody
0,Listening to this album now is still an amazing treat! Johnny and Company smoke every song on this blistering set! "Johnny Winter Captured Live" was one of my staples I would bring to parties as a teenager and it hasn't lost it's edge one bit! Johnny Winter is one of the greatest Guitarist to ever play the instrument, but what make this album so fantastic is that his counter part Guitarist Floyd Radford is just as good as Johnny. To the casual listener it might be hard to tell who's playing what! The Drums and Bass are solid and keep up with these two face-melters every step of the way.		If you like great guitar work and thumpin' 'Rock N Roll' live sets. Please do yourself a favor and buy this set! It's that good and it has been reissued at a very affordable price. Even if you aren't a Johnny Winter Fan per say.....give it a listen, you just might become one! Stand out cuts like Bonie Moronie, Roll with Me, It's All Over Now and Highway 61 Revisited will blow you away!
0,In the fine tradition of rock n' roll, the Hives borrow heavily  from their predecessors.  The garage sounds of the late 60s come through loud and clear; if you close your eyes, the Hives sound just like the Sonics or MC5.  There are strains of Iggy Pop and the Kinks too.	Nonetheless, it's old-school pop.  It's not terribly political: young men who want to get laid and hate the boss.  OK: that makes for some fun rock n' roll.  But, in a similar style, the Pixies are a LOT better at this type of thing. And so are Modest Mouse.	If you like the Hives and want to graduate to something just as rocking--but with deeper passion--try Bikini Kill, the Make-up, Fugazi, and Mission of Burma. After you've heard those bands, you'll see why the Hives are, in the end, just another foot-stompin' MTV band.
0,Awesome love them
0,Beachboy albums traditionally mixed rock and slow songs.  This collection creates a warm, mellow mood, and doesn't break from it.  For Beachboy fanatics, this is a must own addition -- the new version of "Why Do Fools Fall in Love" is a knockout!  The new stereo mix of "Don't Worry Baby" is another improvement.  Also on the album is a reprise of "Don't Worry Baby", at the end of the CD, but not listed on the song titles.  It's a nice way to end a pleasant session.  Also noteworthy, Dennis Wilson's "Falling in Love" is included.  It's loaded with strings and sugary lyrics.  It doesn't really belong on a Beachboys collection.  But on the whole, this album makes me want to wax up my board, catch a few waves, relax in the sand, and enjoy the cool summer breeze off the ocean.  No one else has captured the essence of the beach life in music like the Beachboys.  This album, in addition to the new versions of old favorites, creates a consistent listening tone and theme.
0,I honestly believe this is one of Clapton's finest recordings. These are songs penned and recorded during the height of Clapton's creativity, many of which that were more than strong enough to shine on 461 Ocean Boulevard. No, not a rocking album, but very cathartic and very enjoyable to listen to over and over.
0,Suchhhhh...a songwriter....I looked him up on Wiki after receiving this CD...(which is the 3rd time I have bought it....as my children steal it...and perhaps will not do so again after seeing their deeds posted on Amazon)....in his 70s now...HE STILL ROCKS....his latest compilation of live and recent performances, also sold on Amazon, is astonishing....as he just had a birthday..I sent him a salutation via hardcopy...this, Amazonians, he deserves.
0,The music automatically lighten up your mood, it totally makes you feel like SJP on the cover, as she's happily walking down 5th Avenue (even if it's just window shopping).
0,EXCELLENT!!!!!!!!!!!!
0,To all those who feel that Eine Alpensinfonie is inferior to the best of  Strauss's other orchestral music: listen to this wonderful recording and you will probably change your mind. And listen to it using Wikipedia's splendid article on it as a guide to what Strauss is doing: that article makes everything in the music so wonderfully clear - and wonderful.		After this, one complaint: towards the end of the section called "The Ascent", the distant sounds of a hunting party down below are heard by the climbers. Strauss directed that the sounds of the hunting party be played by an offstage band, to make them sound distant. Karajan does not do this, missing a wonderful effect - for, as the Wikipedia article states, "The use of unique musical motives and instrumentation in this passage reinforces the idea of distance created by the offstage placement - these sounds belong to a party of people on an entirely different journey." Again, wonderful!
0,I found this one on a Twitter Feed... and it was a great recommendation.  I'm glad that I followed the lead.
0,I love this cd. I had bought it years ago and it got damaged somehow. I knew just where to look for a replacement!
0,Amazing that there are this many reviews for a DVD that has yet to hit the store shelves. Don't get me wrong, I'll pick one up too, when it IS released! This has to be the most talked-about concert DVDs in forever! I'd like to see what kind of buzz an official, Pink Floyd-sanctioned DVD of the band's 1980-81 "Wall" concerts with Roger Waters on bass and co-lead vocals would create .....		I do love Floyd. They're 1C in the great pillar of rock and roll, just behind The Who (1A) and The Beatles (1B). Let's hope the new "Pulse" DVD is worth this eternal wait!!		Peace
0,Wow what a great album the best of their career IMO and just a work of art! And inspirational
0,I really don't want to say this, but lmfao could be REALLY short lived. Two albums in 2 years, and then they announce a hiatus. I think the fame got to their heads. In 2011, these guys were being played at damn near every club worth mentioning. I don't think you could make it three blocks without hearing them within four hours.		How do you get that big? You make europop strictly for clubs, and little substance besides that. These are basically songs for Friday, Saturday, and if you're like them, everyday. Lmfao had a lot of potential, but I never knew about them besides their feature on Lil Jon's Crunk Rock.		I thought they were some rock band, but when I saw them at my library, it said rap on the cd. Summer 2011 came and went, and eventually everyone was hyped about Sexy and I Know It. The video was huge, and club music was king. I think their only competition around this time was Pitbull's Give Me Everything.		A lot of times I complain that artists are not in the club enough. This group is entirely. Let's indulge and find out if the cd is a boiler.		1) Intro- no rating		2) Sorry For Party Rocking- The fourth single. A nice track to get loose to. No killah hook, but the overall atmosphere of the song is good. Unfortunately, this music is real dated, and clubs would lose money if these songs were still put on blast. It's still good, but don't act like a hero if you play this hosting a party. 5 out of 5		3) Party Rock Anthem- The first single. I was not hip to them when this song first came out. If they could make an album full of hooks like this one, I'd say the cd would be perfect. You can count on singing this song more than the last one. Not as wild, but still a good preview of the album. 5 out of 5		4) Sexy and I Know It- The third single. Another number 1 on the billboard, and more raucous than Party Rock. I think this song is partially why Lmfao got as big as they did. This song lasted into 2012. It kind of makes me wish they had more material, because some of this stuff is pretty classic. 5 out of 5		5) Champagne Showers- The second single. I'm surprised this song didn't get bigger. Sometimes songs get overlooked. I recommend this song if you don't know much about Lmfao. I enjoy the bridge, and I'm pretty sure you'll enjoy the song as well. This is white hot club music so far. 5 out of 5		6) One Day- Great singing and verses, and the hook is a real surprise. I think we have another winner. You can't go wrong banging these songs. Here's another one to turn to first if you're partially new. I think this would have been a better single than the title track. Most definitely. 5 out of 5		7) Put That A$$ to Work- Only on the deluxe version. A real nasty song, and I mean people will be getting intoxicated to songs like this. It kind makes it seem like there are layers to club songs. Like this is the 'enter the club' song, this is the 'dance in the club' song, and this is the 'get smashed in the club' song. If you REALLY go out, this is your song. 5 out of 5		8) Take It to the Hole- Can't get into the song because the beat is so bad. It's another REALLY smashed song, but that doesn't save it. 1 out of 5		9) We Came Here to Party- Another deluxe track. A little bit similar to Party Rock Anthem, which is good, because it could use some clones. It has a mega hot hook. This should attract women who want to dance, and guys who want to party. Lmfao have their standard party raps, which are actually quite good. 5 out of 5		10) Reminds Me of You- Deluxe track. A little bit dub step. The verses are wild and romp everywhere. If you're wondering what they are about, they're about getting drinks, finding a fine girl, and getting her to dance and drink. The hook is hot. I'm surprised by the quality of this cd. Buy the deluxe if you're wondering, because all of the tracks are bomb. 5 out of 5		11) Best Night- I think we have a banger. It's true, you can make a full cd of only club tracks. The verses, will i am included are quite fun. You don't have to be in your twenties to like Lmfao. If you go out and are around the opposite sex, I think it will be appealing. It's another track to turn to first. 5 out of 5		12) All Night Long- The cd almost feels like a movie. Good verses, you may like the guest verse, it's real good. Most of these songs could have been singles, and I think Lmfao could have been around until 2013 with this album. A definite boiler. We have some real smooth music. 5 out of 5		13) With You- A different song. More of a rap track than a club track. I like the pace. You might fall in love with the hook. There is a lot going on in the song. The last track of the standard edition, and it is signature. 5 out of 5		14) Hot Dog- As usual, the last song I review is bad. Only on the deluxe however, but don't pay the same money for less songs. A skipped song, but the whole album is practically invincible. 1 out of 5		Here we are. 13 club tracks, and they are all definite boilers. This type of music tore up places in 2011, and the spot has kind of been vacant since. Pitbull and Flo Rida took Lmfao's places, but no one made party til you drop music like Lmfao.		 The fortunate part is this cd is an album FULL of singles, which means if you don't have much patience, you'll find hooky jam packed club music in spades. I definitely think these guys need to be cloned, because the music is feel good. It will make you feel like you're on top of the world.		The downside, is like after most parties, you feel washed up afterward. But just go to the next, and you should have no problems. Besides the two number one singles, I recommend Champagne Showers, ONE DAY, BEST NIGHT, All Night Long, We Came Here to Party, Reminds Me of You, With You.		Pros:A FULL album of singles. Hooky and singable songs that you can get swashed to.		Cons:Take It song and Hot Dog. Too short. LMFAO's on hiatus.		Great Music to Play While: Hanging With Friends
0,A little nugget of information.  Not only is Sirius the Chicago Bulls theme song, the Vanderbilt University (Nashville, TN) Commodores men's basketball team plays Sirius when announcing the Vanderbilt starting lineup.		The CD opens with Sirius, the first Alan Parsons song I ever heard, and my most played Alan Parsons song.  Sirius is a very good song, although I have overused it.		Eye In The Sky follows Sirius, and is Parsons' most famous song (and one of his best ten, too).  The following song, Children of the Moon, is a good song about the death of culture that I sadly don't play nearly enough.		Gemini is another strong song, as is Silence and I.  However, the musical interlude in Silence and I is distracting.		You're Gonna Get Your Fingers Burned is one of threee Alan Parsons songs that I ever heard before having discovered Alan Parsons (Sirius and Time being the other two).  Parts of the song ("all I do is only to suprise you, every move is slight of hand, and every word is meant to mystify you") forcibly reminds me of Breakfast of Champions, one of my favorite books, by Kurt Vonnegut, my favorite author.  Kurt Vonnegut has Kilgore Trout write a letter from God to the only sentient being in the universe.  The letter explains that everyone and everything else, God included, is a robot, and all that they do is meant to illicit a response from the being (known as the man).		Psychobabble may be a fan favorite, but that's all psychobabble rap to me.  It just doesn't get me like other songs by Parsons do.  Mammagamma gets the CD back on track, being one of four five star Alan Parsons instrumentals out of the 28 I own (Return To Tunguska, Lucifer, and The Ace Of Swords being the other three).		Step by Step is a step backward, but it is better than Psychobabble.  Finally, the CD ends with one of my all time favorite APP ballads, Old and Wise.  This song, like Sirius, was one of the first five Parsons I ever heard, and is still one of my top ten Parsons.		All in all, this is Parsons' fourth/fifth/sixth best album (behind I Robot, Turn of a Friendly Card, and Stereotomy, and in competition with Pyramid and Vulture Culture.  Full of great songs, this CD is well worth the money.  Of course, I got it for free, so who am I to say that?
0,love this cd. easy to sleep by. relaxing, realistic, but not boooming loud to disturb restfulness. I really like this one.
0,I like Brooks and Dunn and was sorry they split.  This is a good one to have if you like their music
0,Love, love, love Jerrod Niemann!
0,i love this cd! way to go, starship!!
0,Odd collection of Christmas favorites, I bought it because it was cheap and it's hard to find Paul McCartneys Wonderful Christmas time elsewhere.
0,You know how even though no WMDs were found in Iraq, and Iraq had absolutely nothing to do with Al-Qaida or 9/11, some idiotic toothless bible thumpers and pill-popping Fox news "analysts" still think otherwise? The same analogy could be used when comparing Korn to the countless posers that aped Korn's sound and success. KORN IS NOT RAP METAL, KORN IS NOT NU-METAL. KORN IS KORN. Anything Limp Bizkit, Linkin Park, and other losers did after Korn came out is all on their shoulders. Please do not place the burden of the talentless on the shoulders of Korn, as they are not responsible for the crappy generation of talentless hacks they get lumped with. They are only responsible for the most innovative, twisted, psychotic metal album of the 90's. This album, and the band, changed my life. They inspired me to become a musician myself. I wasn't fooled into blaming them for the retarded monster they inadvertantly created. I just looked and laughed while a generation of posers latched on to the rap-metal movement, knowing that the innovators would move on, just as they have. YOU MUST OWN THIS RECORD.
0,Nice GH cd
0,When Nitzer Ebb released Ebbhead in 1991 there was plenty of talk among the so called ebm purists that Nitzer Ebb had strayed from their trademark sound. I was one of them at the time. However, now with a wider palate and a much more mature and open mindset I realize that it a modern ebm master piece. Songs like Family man, lakeside drive and many others show that Bon Harris and Douglas McCarthy were much more inventive then ever given credit for. McCarthy has amazing vocals and Harris is a wiz at using vocal treatments, and other electronic gadgets. This is one amazing ebm album.
0,really worth buying, "My Entourage", "Life", "I Miss 'Em" and "Make Some Room" are the highlights!	R.I.P. Edward Knight, I'll never forget you. TRU Soldier till the day that I die!
0,I don't speak one word of spanish but Im am for some reason into latin music. I have recently purchased Shakira, and Thalia - El Sexto Sentido and some other new english albums but NONE can conpare to this album.		Almost every song is just great to hear. Words cannot describe this album. You must listen to the songs for yourself.		I would highly recommend this album to ANYONE who is a fan of music.		My favorite tracks are:		1. Men Senara (8/10)		4. Siempre Me Quedara (7.5/10)		5. Malo (10/10)		6. Ska De La Tierra (9.5/10)		7. El Colpe (7.5/10)		11. Siete Horas (8/10)		Thats right I have 6 favorite songs from just one album.
0,I first came across this album in a used record store two days before graduating high school.  The title interested me.  I gave it a listen and found it to be pure musical magic!  The title song has many changes in mood while displaying Chick's mastery of Latin rhythms.  The original version of "Crystal Silence" finds Corea, Farrell, and Moreira in a quiet mood.  The original vocal version of "What Game Shall We Play Today" features Flora Purim's unique style of singing, and beautiful instrumental solos.  The second half kicks off with a lengthy version of "Sometime Ago" (the original version is found on Chick's PIANO IMPROVISATIONS, Vol. 1).  Check out Stanley Clarke's acoustic bass solo, and those Utopian lyrics by Neville Potter!  the song bleeds into one of Chick's true classics, "La Fiesta". Chick has an amazing affinity for Spanish music.  RETURN TO FOREVER is a true "desert island pick", along with Bob James' TOUCHDOWN, Joe Sample's SPELLBOUND, and Dave Grusin's MOUNTAIN DANCE.
0,Very good CD from the 80's.
0,Many reviewers have stated that '40 Acres' is Caedmon's Call best album release to date from all their previous albums. These reviewers aren't that far from the mark. This contemporary Christian soft rock/pop group brings togethet their faith as well as compelling odes to God and their own faith in humanity and God's destiny in his creations. This 7 person group is simply invigorating in today's age, where many bands sing about sex drugs and getting high...this group sings about 'having faith in each other', 'giving love a chance' and 'giving God our faith and a chance to see his wonders'. This is truly morose and yet uplifting music that is a pleasure to listen too. The duo singers are a husband/wife ensemble and they both sing with a clarity of desire in sending forth their words of faith. The songs on this album are designed to make the listener think about his/her's place in our world and how we treat each other is viewed and observed by God and his son. The best songs on this amazing album is 'Shifting Sand', 'Where I Began', 'Somewhere North' and finally 'Petrified Heart'.
0,Because she loves Ms. Randle's Mountain CD, I bought this on a no-reason whim -- along with the Mahalia Jackson tribute CD -- for my shut-in Mom.  She was surprised and delighted with it.  So, while the very capable Ms. Randle may not approach the level of gospel greats such as Mahalia, Mom's reaction was reward enough for me.
0,True Classic sounds of Alabama!!!  If you love Alabama or want to sample this classic country band, this is a great CD to have.  All time great classics such as Born Country, Feels So Right, Take Me Down, Down Home, Lady Down on Love and many more.  20 of their number 1 hits are on this CD.  Sound quality is excellent and you're getting 20 songs on one CD, which, for the money is fabulous.
0,Every song on this album is fantastic. The DVD footage of the recording studio session is awesome. I especially like the part where Justin is bopping his head to the beat of the music. There is a really great full length video for "Pray" that tugs at the heart. You won't be disappointed with this holiday album.
0,One of the best of the newer pianists. She puts her own imprint on each piece which is not always well-received by some critics, but so far, I hear only great music.
0,This is the most fantastic Cher Greatest Hits CD ever.  I ordered mine from the Uk in November but...Child buy this now!  As you can see it has some absolutely incredible Cher songs, Believe, Strong Enough, If Could  Turn Back Time, I found Someone...but the kicker is One By One.  Since the  CD is from Europe this is the original version(not the on released in the  US), and man it rocks.  The tempo is faster and the beat is-shall we say  "off the hook", Walking In Memphis is also worth the effort.  So  buy it now!  It is too good it could rot your teeth...
0,Ignore the reviews bashing Horner. Not only is the comparison game getting tired, it isn't even accurate to this score. People who think Horner does nothing but recycle himself (which I admit he does from time to time) should hear this score. While the film is iffy, the score does it justice, and doesn't sound much like anything else he's done. He mixes strings, gamelon, pipe flutes, prepared piano, and some percussive effects, with no brass or woodwinds, for a very dissonant score. I'd give this score 5 stars but for two reasons - I would have liked to heard a bit more recognizable theme, or motifs, as the other reviewer pointed out, and I felt that the score sounded much better in the film than CD to my picky ears. I think the dissonance and coarsness of the score required a more careful attention to the mastering than was perhaps given. Though again, some people may find I'm overly critical here.		Other original sounding scores from Horner of late worth checking out are Iris, House of Sand and Fog, Beyond Borders, and most of New World.
0,Starsailor are an up and coming band that have had a huge impact in the UK and its easy to see why, one listen to their album and you will be hooked.  The standout tracks are Lullaby, Love Is Here, Good Souls, Fever and Alcoholic.  This album is worth a listen, as they are individual and are bringing us something that is missing from the music business at the moment.
0,I love this disc!
0,I love this album
0,As the current reigning Mac-Daddy of all Labelle fans--I have to say that this is the best best-of record ever made.  Bar None!  Classic,  mind-provoking,  unclassifiable music that blows everything else out of the  water!  If you came expecting Sister Sledge you will be sorely  disappointed!  Labelle was what you would have if you crossed David Bowie,  the Who,  Chaka Khan, the Rolling Stones and Aretha Franklin all together.  If you love great song-writing and explosive singing,  look no further!
0,A classic Eminem album.
0,Overall this does a pretty solid job in covering all of the hits of the band.  The cd clocks in at 79:42 so there really isn't any room for additional songs but I do wish "Nightrain" (a Top 20 hit in the UK and a popular song on rock radio) from "Appetite For Destruction" had been included somehow.  There are probably other songs from "Appetite" that would have been worthy additons as well but I would rather see a remastered version of that cd released.		I realize there are plenty of fans who are disappointed in this compilation, either because there were too many covers or not enough material from "Appetite", and I do somewhat agree but strictly speaking this compilation does its job in delivering all the hits.  Hopefully there will either be a more comprehensive 2 disk "Best Of" or a box set released in the future that will include songs fans felt are missing here.
0,Honestly, I feel like a big schlub for the simple fact that I had never heard this album until about two weeks ago.  I knew "Lost in the Supermarket", "Clampdown", and the title track of course, but I was not prepared for the high quality of songwriting, playing, and studio technique.  I'm one of those freaks who bought SANDINISTA first, so I kind of have to look at LONDON CALLING through that lens, as well as the first two albums.  It's definitely closer to SANDINISTA in its stylistic diversity (latin, folk, big band jazz, and of course reggae) but a ... of a lot tighter (both conceptually and musically) than that record.  I mean, how do you get any better than "Spanish Bombs"?  Awesome.
0,Great music.
0,Grease is a great movie and has great music. It has some new recordings of 1950's music and has good 1970's music in it as well. If you like the 70's and 50's this is a must, and if you like dancing/comedy/old school movies the movie and the CD are a must, guaranteed.
0,This is a great CD to add to your collection, especially if you are one who loved CeCe as I did, and lived - grew up in - and so forth the "disco era" which I did very much!!!
0,Great cd by JJ Heller. The songs are full of truth and can be easily related to. I especially love All I need.
0,On Her Majesty's Secret Service(1969) is a solid 007 film. This was the first and only 007 movie to star George Lazenby as James Bond. In the film, Bond hunts for SPECTRE baddie Ernst Stavro Blofeld in Austria. Bond also falls in love with Tracy(Diana Rigg). On Her Majesty's Secret Service is considered one of Ian Fleming's best novels. Director Peter Hunt added a "real world" feel to the 1969 film. Hunt also claims that a director puts a "personal stamp" on a film. The late John Barry composed some stellar, almost avante-garde music for the film. He mixed Alpine horns with synthesizers. There's some jazzy music as Bond gambles at a casino. There's jazzy music as attractive girls flirt with Bond.	There's sombre music as we feel James Bond's pain in the story. 007 is demoralized after escaping from Blofeld's Piz Gloria hideout.	This CD preserves John Barry music that was never used in the movie. This CD is worth the cash if you're a die hard 007 fan.
0,love the old rock and roll, I have been told to GROW UP	and listen to real music, MY REPLY  it was and will ALWAYS	be REAL  SO NANY NANY UPA TO THEM
0,Great singer Bought 3 of his cd's will buy more as I find them available the modern day prodigal son is one of my favorites on this cd but I'm more like a modern day prodigal daughter....hehehehe
0,The first song I ever heard from Edguy was "Mysteria" - I heard the opener "Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to the freakshow!" and then that heavy riff came in. I was like "alright, this sounds sweet" but then when I hear that high pitch vibrato yell from Tobias Sammett with the blasting drums and muscular guitar riffs, I fell in love with the song already. It definitely had me demanding for more from these guys - so I gave the entire album a listen. These guys are just so unique to other power metal bands in the genre with a great variety of influences from Helloween, to Iron Maiden (Sammett sounds just like Dickinson!) and even 80s rock (listen to Lavatory Love Machine). You've got some intense and heavy riffs with songs too like the beginning of "Mysteria" and "Under The Moon" and songs are definitely catchy you just have to sing along with them! Melodic, heavy, diverse - it's what makes a super metal album. Edguy delivers a style of metal that is worth hearing.
0,You don't have to worry about Swedish synthpop band Little Dragon sounding like a knock-off of ABBA or Ace of Base. For starters, this is a no-guitar band.		True, this is dance music, and Little Dragon is fronted by the sweet-voiced Swedish/Japanese singer Yukimi Nagano, but "Ritual Union" is injected with dense, zig-zagging rhythms. Nagano, a highly confident soul singer, keeps everything tightly in orbit. She's gifted with a voice that can easily raise as much Cain as Erykah Badu is able.		A particular standout is the Oingo Boingo-like "Nightlight," all the parts chugging along nicely, Nagano fluttering like a butterfly right through the center of the melody, Atari blips and bleeps filling any gaps. The hip-hop-incensed "Brush the Heat" is another -- sleigh bells, alarm bells, dial tones and toy whistles beaten into the background by window-rattling bass and Nagano's breathy utterances. It's one of many tunes here that share a trip-hop sensibility with The Knife and "Blue Lines"-era Massive Attack. There are no duds on "Ritual Union."		Fans of Goldfrapp, Blondie, Frou Frou, Morcheeba -- Madonna, even -- should find something to clean their ears with here.
0,Syreeta has long been one of my favorite vocalists. When I first heard her on her debut lp, which I bought because of the Stevie Wonder production and knowing of her songwriting with him, I knew she had it. Her crystal, youthful voice is such a joy to hear. The highlights from that lp are heard here- "To Know You..", "I Love Every Little.." are superb. Here charm carries throughout. EVen the later 'cover' of her co-penned "Seigned, Sealed, Deliviered" is her own. Of course there is the soaring vocal performance "With You I'm Born Again".	If you like female vocalists this is a MUST have.
0,Andre' Rieu's music is the best. It makes you forget for a little while all the turmoil in the world. This album is a good one, you won't be sorry if you order it.
0,I ordered the vinyl copy and unexpectedly received a Limited Edition in a beautiful red vinyl.  So right from the beginning I was happy with my purchase. Just in case you are only familiar or a fan of Numan from his earlier work such as from the song "Cars", his more recent work reflects his atheist views so the songs are very dark, moody and quite anti-religion at times, but at the same time the music and vocals are very relaxing and captivating. So don't be disappointed if you are expecting some early 80s pop/synthesizer songs. Definitely an album where you sit back in a comfortable chair and listen all the way through than one which only has a couple of good songs.
0,There isn't much point in going into the debate about whether this is the greatest recording of "A German Requiem" of all time. Maybe it is, maybe it isn't, and maybe there is no such thing as "the greatest". I actually think the last one is true.		What is certain, however, is that this is an incredibly rich, spiritual and inspired performance. Fischer-Dieskau is a marvel, as usual. Schwarzkopf shines in the lead soprano part, although with perhaps a bit of detachment.		This Klemperer recording is my personal favorite -- for the moment. But that can shift swiftly along with my mood, particularly to&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Karajan-s-1947-Vienna-recording/dp/B000005GMV/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Karajan's 1947 Vienna recording</a>, which like this reading is certainly among the finest, despite its more troubled sonics.		I am not always convinced by the labels in EMI's "Great Recordings of the 20th Century" series. But this is one that certainly lives up to its name. A must for any lover of sacred choral music. Brahms went his own way here, to produce a truly unique composition in form and structure. Here you get it in all its glory.
0,Yes, I know. They named themselves after an Alice In Chains song of the same name. They sound a little bit like them at times, and Sully's vocals can be quite grating at times. However, give Godsmack a chance to soak into your blood and you'll have a real good time playing this Boston band's major-label debut (All Wound Up is their real first release, this is just the re-release of it remastered and renamed).		"Moon Baby" is a crunchy bit of hard grunge complete with scathing vocals and a cool intro. This is very indicative of the sound you will find on this album, with the exception of "Someone In London" which is a melodic intro to the thrashing "Get Up, Get Out!", which is one of the most intense songs on the album. The first single, "Keep Away" is a sonic assault on the ears, with some nice rhythm keeping the song toe-tapping and head-banging at the same time. "Whatever" is the angriest track on the album with its shards of guitars and wall o' drums. "Bad Religion" and "Stress" both share the same intensity, but "Bad Religion" has a preachy-type intro/outro that bookends the song to keep its religion undertones at minimum. "Voodoo" is perhaps the most haunting song, a very atmospheric number with some cool percussion and haunting theme. Much of the album falls under the crunchy rock vein, but "Voodoo" breaks away from the intensity and closes the album on a strong note. The themes of the album can get a little overbearing, but the intensity and Sully's vocal prowess definitely give the band power.		Subsequently, this album has sold well over 3 million copies in the country alone, giving the band national attention. If you want to see where Godsmack really began, hunt down ALL WOUND UP. But if you want to see the beginning of the band's national spotlight, check out the intense and assaulting major-label self-titled debut which will have you rocking your air guitar over most of these twelve pummeling songs.
0,A lot of people are hating on Dane Cook.  That's fair.  Afterall, there IS some reason to criticize.  He got wildly popular after his first CD "Harmful if Swallowed" came out and suddenly became like the Dave Matthews Band of Stand-Up on college campuses everywhere ...		  Then he showed up in a few bad movies between other stand-up releases that weren't quite as groundbreaking and people started to see the formula in his material.		  So ... is it TRUE that a lot of his jokes wouldn't be nearly as funny if they weren't delivered with all of the energy and animation he puts into them?  Of course.  But does that mean that he's NOT funny? Hell no!!		  I'll be the first to say that I don't think Dane Cook is THE best comedian working right now.  There are a lot of talented guys out there doing edgier, better-written, and more creative stuff.		But what separates Dane from the rest is that no crowd, no matter how big or small, can contain the energy he brings to the place.  He throws a party every time he takes the stage and people leave thinking they've had an unbelievable time.  And that energy is just as tangible on this CD as it is on any other release by him and that alone makes it worth of your time to give it a listen.  I mean, let's face it, there is simply no other single comedian who could work an audience of 20,000 people and keep them entertained with a full set of ALL NEW MATERIAL.		  That's right.  There are like three throw-back jokes in this entire act.  And that's also ANOTHER reason Dane Cook should never be written off as a hack.  He's constantly updating his material.  Sure, he'll hang on to one or two jokes for a few years, but since 2003, he's come out with "Harmful if Swallowed," "Dave Attel's Insomniac Tour," "Retaliation," "Vicious Circle," and finally "Rough Around The Edges" ... Every one of them features at least sixty minutes of new material, and every one of them features an audience in gasping for breath between laughing at punchlines.		  Bottom line?  Stop hating.  He's a hard worker and he has an undeniable presence.  Don't let Dane Cook be your ONLY stand-up experience, but I don't see any reason that he shouldn't be a part of it.  Enjoy the show!
0,RIP DILLA!		Dilla was always a favorite producer of mine before he passed away and he remains one of my favorites.  This is a 25 track collection that plays out a bit like a radio station with Pete Rock providing the commentary.  This CD is just plain dope.  People complain about the format and the lack of rappers, but none of that detracts from what is dope dope music.  These are some Dilla's best beats.  1 or 2 don't hit as hard, hence the score, but definitely one of the best CDs released this year.
0,This CD is yet another chapter in my discovery of an American Original. While I have heard the Dead off and on over the years, I have only recently started to realize what a powerful musical force they really are. After having bought the recent series of Dick`s Picks and falling in love with their music, and understanding how great they are, I bought this set knowing it would have to be great to be on par with the new live stuff. Well, it is just as good. I played this in my car on the way home and when it came to the stretch between Help on the Way through Eye`s of the World, I had to pull over. The sincerity and the beauty of the music took over my conciousness, especially Eyes.	 How could this music have escaped me for all these years I`ll never know, but I can say that I`m a Deadhead now. This is music of and for the soul. Listen closely and it will move you also.
0,This is another one that can be viewed over and over (with adequate spacing between views). The soundtrack is worth the price, the movie is fantastic to view and, as usual, Webber did it again.
0,VERY GOOD ALLROUND  AAA+++
0,Lungs is filled with beautiful melodies and unusual lyrics brought to life by Florence Welch's impassioned singing.  "Kiss with a Fist" may have received a lot of notoriety, but there are at least a half-dozen better songs on the album, including the stunning first two tracks.  "Drumming Song" and "Hurricane Drunk" are also standouts.  To borrow from All Music Guide, this is "one of the most musically mature and emotionally mesmerizing albums of 2009".  Power pop at its best.
0,I remember this album when I was in the 9th grade. I love this album but most people did not but I don't care. This album is enjoyable showing a diverse side of him. This album boldly presents a Babyface not heard before. This album features Babyface who has never had a problem crafting a hit record on his own. The result is an exhilarating, ambitious Face who pushes the musical envelope and fabulously redesigns himself in the arduius process. The album features him on guitar,keyboards and bass guitar and sonically,it is the warmest record ever. This album should have been promoted more.  Remember,this was 2001.
0,The hardest working man in Prog has produced another masterpiece.		Only 18 months after releasing the excellent "Grace For Drowning" Steven Wilson as raised the bar with "The Raven That Refused To Sing." And once again Wilson invites the listener into a total sensory experience.		Wilson remembers the day before digital downloads when purchasing an album was an event. You would take the time and go to a store and browse the isles. When you got home with your purchase and ripped off the cellophane the first thing that hit you was the small of vinyl and printers ink on paper. It was a great smell. Then you marveled at the large artwork and gatefold layout. You read all the liner notes and then immersed yourself in the music.		Wilson lets you have a choice of formats. As for me, I received the deluxe edition with the 128 page hardback book and 4 CD's. And once again the smell of ink on paper was a joy as I viewed the excellent artwork by Hajo Mueller, which serves as another level of interpretation to the ghost stories that make up this concept work.		And the music?  Stunning. He further develops the sound he explored on "Grace For Drowning" . A departure from his first solo effort "Insurgentes" which had more to do with his thinking at the time and a Porcupine Tree holdover. I so like his move away form that minimalist, droning sound to a more fully orchestrated instrumental affair with a touch of jazz fusion to boot.		All the recent flourishes are found here. A touch of early King Crimson, some recent Steve Hackett and it sounds like Wilson has been listening to his KScope label mates--North Atlantic Oscillation. Especially on the title track.		And that title track is truly amazing. It starts with just four notes on the piano. Wilson does a Thom Yorke vocal at the beginning before it gets an effects treatment, done a few subtle times on the album. Then themes are built and expanded. Instruments and dynamics layered until at the end you are left with a feeling of being lifted off the ground.		Steven Wilson is the best hope for Progressive music. A man who honors the past but has his feet firmly planted in the here and now. A true artist in every way.	--
0,Outside of the singles, the stereo versions are my definitive preference, but I had heard the original mono versions long before getting this and even owned some on LP, and knew about the differences. But hearing them fully remastered beats that first experience, and even instills a greater appreciation of these albums as high art!	If you aren't familiar with the mono versions, get this box while it is still available!	Initially, it was supposed to be limited to 10,000 sets, but when these were gone the first day, and the clamor for more went up, EMI produced and additional 40,000. The question in my mind these last few years was whether they were still being made or what we are seeing is what's left? I think the latter may be the case, as Amazon no longer stocks it.	I got my set for 124.95; a far cry from the initial 289.95 retail price in 2009. It is a legitimate set and not a bootleg.	Hearing the mono versions fully restored and remastered has been a real joy for me. I only bought singles until 1967, and many of the mono versions are what I first heard on the radio and those singles, and these are minus the Capitol post processes.	I currently own this set, The U.S. Box (see my review), the 2009 Stereo Remastered Box set, the USB Apple (see my review), and Capitol Boxes volumes 1 and 2.	To the cynic, it may appear that I am one of many completists that simply has to have it all just because they were released. Not at all; each set produces a different sonic environment.	Capitol versions were my first experience, and the stereo versions are my preference, but this set is like listening to many of these albums for the first time, or with new ears, as the mixes are so very different, and in some cases have much better balance between instruments and voices. The Beatles and George Martin were present for the mono mix sessions, but not always for the stereo mix-down. So what you hear is what The Beatles themselves participated in and signed off on at the time. A different vibe.	I don't view one set as being superior to another, as some do and get downright salty about it, but enjoy the differences in perspective, as well as the nostalgic rush and unique sonic experience that each set provides.	As to the few that don't 'get it' and write reviews trashing this set as lacking clarity, separation (not applicable to mono) and the omission of albums released after The White Album (Yellow Submarine, Abbey Road, Let It Be had no mono versions released) ignore them and get this set and enjoy it for what it is; an accurate and beautifully remastered version of the original mono mixes.	Any real fan or audiophile should acquire all of these sets while they can. The variance between them all is an enjoyable journey. But this is how the world first heard The Beatles, with the exception of the U.S. Capitol versions (the original VeeJay versions are very close to these original mixes). Bottom line; get it and Enjoy!
0,Classic
0,Korn have long given up on what the critics think or what direction their fans think they should be heading in, even with the return of much missed original member Brian "Head" Welch Korn are continuing to experiment with new sounds in many ways showing that their last album the dup-step influenced "the Path Of Totality" was not a one off. Jonathan Davies has even go so far saying that the decision to release the first single "Never Never" which itself would not have sounded out of place on "The Path of Totality" was just to mess with people's heads.		"The Paradigm Shift" is Korns 11th studio album and the first one to feature founding member Brian Welch since 2003's "Take A Look In The Mirror", it features a mish mash of styles from the heavy pounding of "What We Do" to the death vocal driven "Love & Meth" which see Davis twist his vocal range from the straightforward approach to a death roar. Album opener "Prey For Me" at times sees Korn dip into their early signature sound with it being driven by Fieldys click slap bass. "Tell Me What You Want", "Punishment Time" and "Mass Hysteria" are tracks that all stand out.		Nearly twenty years on from their vital self-titled debut korn have come a long way and are in a position where if they try something new they will be criticised for not sounding like the old Korn, the same can be said if they go back and try their old sound they will accused of being stale. In many ways "The Paradigm Shift" is a slow burner of an album that takes a while to reveal its layers which in many ways is similar to 2002's now much loved masterpiece "Untouchables". So take the time to give it more than one listen.
0,Another edition of Eno's finely crafted background music. Why can't I hear stuff like this in elevators and airports rather than the cacophony of trash that's piped into our ears?
0,If you like Nickelback you will want this one in your collection, especially if you only care to buy one because you are on a budget.
0,I never got to get this on Record Store Day. I saw a listing for the album brand new and it was a pretty good deal, so I picked it up. It came today. I'm incredibly happy to have a CD version.
0,We have seen Sandi with the ISO (Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra) in a semi-staged version of Hello Dolly and she was great. She has also hosted/co-hosted  the ISO during it's annual Christmas show (she's done it at least 4 times) called Yuletide (which they have presented for about 25 years). I've been told she is, by far, the most popular host!		Her voice and ability to interact with the audience is first rate.		And she doesn't disappoint on her latest outing, 'Christmas Blessing'. Of course no one loves all the songs on anyone album and this one is not excepted from that rule. However all of the songs are VERY well done but 'Angels We Have Heard on High', 'Mary, Did You Know', What Child is This', 'Sleigh Ride and 'Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas' stand out.		I was slightly disappointed in 'O Holy Night' as we've heard her sing it live twice during Yuletide - both times it was quite simply STUNNING.		Until this album I had always considered Kenny Rogers version of 'Mary, Did You Know' to be the definite one. Sandi's version is, very slightly, better!!		BTW - for those who want to know a little something about myself - the first Christmas song I learned on the piano was 'Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas'.		For all two of you who have not seen the 1954 movie White Christmas, 'Count Your Blessing Instead of Sheep' was first heard there. It was nominated for an Academy Award as "Best Song" but was defeated by "Three Coins in the Fountain" from the movie of the same name. And because of it's connection to this classic movie, it has acquired the Christmas song label, even though there is no other reason to label it as such.		This will go in my annual holiday rotation that will start 11/1!		I would rate this CD a very high 8.75 to 9.25 out of 10 stars - Highly recommended if you Christmas music as I do!!!
0,It's the best CD of electronic music (alongside with "Oxygene" ) Ilove the cosmic aura created by Frose's classical inferenced mellotron, the dreamy flute sound, and Chris Frankie's fascinating drumming in  "Fly And Collision Of Comas Sola" make me feel sure that he's one  of the best drummer ever in rock history (why ya he latter give up drums  altogether!). The title track, "Alpha Centuri", slowly  progressing... very intense, like a more crafted version of Pink Floyd's  "INterstellar overdrive", but stand on its own. Weired musical  LSD...
0,good
0,For many years, I dismissed Ambrosia as a soft rock act. "How Much I Feel" frequently ends up on those soft rock compilations. Then I discovered this band had earned some respect in the prog rock community, and it wasn't that song or the album that song originated, Life Beyond L.A. It was their first two albums, originally released on 20th Century, their self-entitled debut and Somewhere I've Never Travelled that their reputation in the prog community sits on.		Ambrosia was a four piece, Los Angeles-based band consisting of bassist Joe Puerta, guitarist David Pack, keyboardist Christopher North, and drummer Burliegh Drummond. All had classical training. They were different from your typical LA bands of the time, such as The Eagles, because they were an art rock band, something that city wasn't exactly known for. The band relied heavily on vocal harmonies, but the Yes or perhaps Styx comparisons are more valid here. I believe the Styx comparison comes from the fact some of the vocals remind me of Tommy Shaw. But then the band don't clone the sound of any band. They really had some very ingenious vocal arrangements which shows throughout this whole album.		The album was produced by Alan Parsons, which means that you get yourself some top-rate production. "Nice, Nice, Very Nice" is the opening song, based on a Kurt Vonnegut, Jr. poem. I have always wondered, what was up with those fake foreign accents? "Time Waits For No One" is total genius, especially with the vocal arrangements. This stuff is definitely more complex and elaborate than what the Alan Parsons Project was doing. "Holdin' On To Yesterday" was the album's hit, it was also the most straightforward number on the album, which went well over the AM dial. "Mama Frog" is a bit different from the rest of the album, it has an almost jazz rock/fusion feel, even the vocalist sings in the style of a jazz rock vocalist, but then the band goes off the deep-end with the droning synth and narration of "Jabberwock" from "Alice in Wonderland". "Drink of Water" ends on a excellent note, with lots of great synth and organ solos. I failed to mention the Chamberlin, the American predecessor to the Mellotron is used on some of the cuts. I presume they use the small M1 model, as that was the most common and most popular (and apparently most reliable, given how lousy on reliability on earlier Chamberlins were, giving the reason the Mellotron existed in the first place - I can go on a history lesson about the Chamberlin and Mellotron, but not here). So if you think you hear Mellotron, you're hearing a Chamberlin. It's no surprise the band would get a hold of one, they're from L.A., and Chamberlins were made in Southern California.		Not too long after this album came out, Alan Parsons started working on Tales of Mystery & Imagination, which launched The Alan Parsons Project, and none other than Ambrosia helped some on that album!		I can very easily recommend this album.
0,I was so happy to see one of my favorite singers in this wonderful work of music.  You won't be unhappy if you buy this.  Thanks so much,  Amazon does it again.
0,These guys really cook together. One cd is studio made and the other is live. If you love great melodic jazz than this cd set is for you.	Great guitar, Great piano, and Great bass. Smoking !!!!
0,love first song especially
0,Keep in mind that this band doesn't necessarily do a whole lot of interviews. Magazine articles are fairly scarce compared to the more "popular" bands of the past ten-or-so years. With this said, one kind of has to go into watching this DVD with a sense of peeking-in on a group that simply makes music because they love doing so.		Much of the DVD is more or less a montage of clips: previously released and scrapped music videos (probably) and amateur shots of the band at work and at play. While there really is no definite line between one part of the DVD and the next, there is a definite flow present that doesn't detract from a fan or new listener enjoying the DVD. Songs are interrupted by the occasional interview clip or shot of the band doing their thing in the studio or out on the town.		There really isn't an all-too-boring part of the disc, it's all intriguing and enlightening. A band who's created a name for themselves via their clever music shouldn't go overboard with all the extras and special additions that most "best of..." and "greatest hits" DVDs of other bands would have.		I think "Fans Only" is presented in such a way that separates B&S from their peers in the sense that if you enjoy the band, you'll enjoy the smearing and blur that the whole presentation has. They've kept their music solid and smart over the years and consistency is a strong point they possess. The brilliant blend of music, dialogue, footage and video comes across as being very personal and distinct: much like their music itself.		I would have given this five stars, but I really, really, really think they should have waited a while after "Dear Catastrophe Waitress" to make it. I would love to know how the band approached their latest release and see some background behind it. Watching Trevor Horn work with the group would have been a major help in understanding how that particular album works (and sadly doesn't work!).
0,I'll be straight up about this - John Coltrane cited this group as one of his favourites and I bought it on that recommendation. The restoration is excellent by JSP;  it's a bargain at the price;  and the music is terrific for the car or walkman.  Fun stuff.
0,All of my favorite songs are on this one classic CD.  My very favorite song is Roadhouse Blues.  I am glad I bought it to add to my collection.  Highly recommend.
0,This is one box set that is worth the money!!! FIVE CDs, crammed full of the BEST of Artie Shaw, covering his entire career. Yes, every band he ever put on wax, - and every label.	It is a treat to have all the different labels together in this set. Not to mention the tremendous "live" performances that were garnered from Shaw's own personal collection!! Of course, die-hard fans who have bought all the lps and CDs of live material will notice a bit of duplication, but they have never sounded better than here. Also Shaw fans are likely to notice favorite tracks not here, like "The Chant." I sincerely wish that ALL the live radio material could be remastered in this sound. Especially those '50s and '60s lps, that were put on CD in Germany, with an introduction by Artie Shaw. There are new live tracks here as well.	To hear the great remastering is a thrill. The only surviving Billie Holiday vocal with his band "Any Old Time" has never sounded better, along with plenty of Mel Torme and the Meltones. It's about time we hear this fidelity, especially on "Concerto for Clarinet" -- which runs ten minutes and includes his two-octave slide and culminating with a double-high C!!!	Every disc is spectacular, I couldn't pick one as a favorite. The remastering is tops, the liner notes great, with many insights by Artie Shaw. The cost of this set may sting, but you will always have one of the discs on. The "Man from Mars" is a different live version than that included on the "Live in Hi-Fi 1939" disc. I have found very little duplication on the live material, and the sound goes right through you. The piano and saxophones come through like never before, and the selections are fantastic, they were hand-picked by Shaw. Also, if you have not spent a fortune on those German CDs, you are in for a great surprise, as ALL the noise is filtered out, while bringing the band to the greatest fidelity I've ever heard.	Lots of box sets have great packaging, and so-so CDs. Here the packaging could have been better, but the music, liner notes and documentation could not. A must have for any fan of Artie Shaw, King of the Clarinet.
0,I never actually heard any of the music from Les Miserable untill my cousin got me this set for christmas, and it took me about a month to open it, but i put it on and by the end of the 1st CD i was in love. The music is excelently played and the singing is absolutely wonderful. I listened to it sooo much that with in a week I knew all the lyrics. Les Miserable has to be the sadest but yet greatest musical ever
0,Man this group is way before my time but all you people that can't dig really good metal are missing out. I first heard this stuff in my uncle's trans-am with the windows down and his girlfriend yelling at him: turn that down! And the more she yelled at him to turn it down the more he turned the volume nob to the right!		"Cum on feel the noize" is eaisly the greatest rock song ever wrote in history! Period.		This is like rock n roll- totally. Don't miss out and dig it at loud volume and make your life a party 365 day of the year!! Metal forever!
0,The album is good. I would definitely recommend it. It is different from what I'm used to because it sounds like they performed the songs that they wrote for other artists, but it's still good.
0,I am old enough to have bought this on vinyl in 1973 (an I still have that old worn record). It's great to have it on CD and be able to have a digital copy I can play any time. The line up for this album is first rate, with both Richie Fury and Paul Cotton and a young base player named Timothy B. Schmidt (who later played with a little band named the Eagles). The playing and recording are first rate and I would recommend it to any POCO fan.
0,"Love Is My Religion Live" is nearly two hours of goodness. First off, the sound and picture quality are awesome. I own a lot of reggae dvds, many of which are of questionable quality. This dvd ranks among the best as far as technical quality. Second, I was amazed at how many songs Ziggy tears through in this concert. He covers many of his earlier hits, as well as plays a good many songs from his latest album. Additionally, he plays several Bob Marley songs. This concert is fairly long, which is a very good thing. Lastly, Ziggy and his band put a nice twist on many of the songs rather than just stick to the studio versions.		This dvd is so good that it's ridiculous. Reggae fans, Ziggy fans, and Bob Marley fans should all check this concert out. It is truly one of the best concert dvds around. Jah bless!
0,With Diary of a Madman, Ozzy released a second masterpiece in 1981. Sadly this would be the last studio album for Rhandy Roads who was killed in a plane crash during the 1982 tour. Diary of a Madman opens with the sonic assualt of Over the Mountain. Then Flying High Again,You Can't Kill Rock and Roll etc. Diary of a Madman offers up a serving of great songs. How many people can have a whole album that is this good all the way through. Diary of a Madman is quite an accomplishment condsidering it and the Blizzard of Ozz were released in the same year. This is essential hard rock/metal for everyone. Beware the 2002 had rerecorded bass and drum parts, and it is noticeable, stick with the 80's release or the 1995 remasters.
0,Though not a commercial success, Sean Lennon's "into the sun" is as great as any of his dads work "John Lennon". With a little help from Yoko, guitar tunes, and heart-warming lyrics. Sean Lennon brings a masterpiece that I could hear over and over again. It must have been tough though for Sean trying to lead up to his dad or the beetles themselves. It's still as good as anything else. My favorite song out of this album, though it is short it is "Part One of the Cowboy Trilogy". I love the lyrics and all the musical instruments colliding together. You need to buy this album, it's worth your money.
0,It is a nice, pleasant album, good to listen to while doing chores or reading.  It has an old fashion sound about it which I liked.
0,Awesome! A must cd to have!
0,This is more like it! After a tentative start with his debut just a few months before Mr. Young whacks a home run with this masterpiece. Although there are a couple of excellent country or folk-oriented songs this record  is remembered for a stellar trio of rock songs - Cinnamon Girl, Cowgirl in the Sand and Down by the River. The latter two songs clock in at over 9 minutes each and feature terrific guitar solos. Young has never been a pure technician like Clapton or Beck. His rough and ready musings remind me of Carlos Santana, obviously not in technique or style, but rather in their soulfulness. Each of these musicians throws himself completely into his playing. Indeed, on many of his greatest guitar-driven rock pieces Young and Crazy Horse sound like they simply picked up their instruments and just let loose. They are the exact opposite of Steely Dan, one of my very favourite bands. From the beginning and particularly at the end Fagen and Becker were meticulous in their dedication to getting every sound just right. Neil Young sounds like he never gave a damn.		In every respect this record is a giant step forward from the debut. The quality of the recording is clearly superior - the murkiness of the first LP has been replaced by great clarity. The song writing and the vocals are more focused. That trio of rock songs may dominate the album but the slower melancholy trio of Round and Round, The Losing End and Running Dry are equally appealing.		Although, prior to the release of Everybody Knows This is Nowhere, Neil Young was already recognized as a gifted musician, this album cast him in an entirely different and far brighter light. Here was a major talent - potentially a giant in the music industry. Of course, there was always the possibility that he would fizzle and then disappear from view with his subsequent efforts. In 1969 we had no way of knowing that he would still be making music of relevance a decade into a new millennium.
0,I enjoyed every song on this, her latest CD and hope that she issues many more.
0,[hint: for ease of navigation, read the review though to the end, then come back and click on the links.]		Toscanini's 1939 cycle of the Nine Beethoven Symphonies was previously issued by Naxos in 1998:	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Beethoven-Symphony-1-3-Fidelio-Overture/dp/B0000269IN/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Beethoven: Symphony 1, 3, Fidelio Overture</a>&nbsp;,	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Beethoven-Symphonies-Nos-2-4-Leonore-Overture-No-2/dp/B000026A9U/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Beethoven - Symphonies Nos 2 & 4; Leonore Overture No 2</a>&nbsp;,	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Beethoven-Symphonies-Nos-5-6/dp/B00002MXQT/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Beethoven: Symphonies Nos 5 & 6</a>&nbsp;,	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Symphony-No-7-Beethoven-Great-Conductors-Toscanini/dp/B000026BIL/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Symphony No. 7 - Beethoven (Great Conductors - Toscanini)</a>&nbsp;,	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Symphony-No-8/dp/B000026A9S/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Symphony No. 8</a>&nbsp;,	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Beethoven-Symphony-No-9/dp/B00002MXQU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Beethoven: Symphony No. 9</a>		The eight Naxos CDs are still available: four single CDs and two 2 CD sets (never collected in a box).	You can still buy all of them for less than the price of the new five CD Music & Arts box, but when you figure in the cost of postage, its pretty much a draw.		Advantage, Naxos -- MORE MUSIC	The Music & Arts box has Nine Symphonies + four Overtures (Egmont and the three Leonores).	to this Naxos adds:	- three Overtures (Corolian, Creatures of Prometheus, Fidelio)	- the Choral Fantasy with Ania Dorfmann	- two examples of chamber music arranged for orchestra: the Septet, Op. 20 + Lento Assai and Vivace from the Quartet Op. 135	I don't know why Music & Arts insisted on a five CD box - Everything would fit onto six CDs.		Advantage, Naxos -- NOSTALGIA	Curious category.	Naxos reproduces the complete broadcasts as they were heard between October 28 and December 2, 1939, including announcer Gene Hamilton, and intermission features with Samuel Chotzinoff.	Though taken for granted nowadays, complete Beethoven Cycles were a Big Deal in 1939.	This is the first time one had been broadcast.		I was born ten years after these broadcasts, but they bring back a lot of ersatz nostalgia,	Its like I was at home listening to this on the radio in 1939.	The sense of occasion is there on the Naxos CDs.	Kind of neat.		Advantage, Music and Arts -- BETTER SOUND	"Restored from the original sources for this edition in 2013 by Aaron Z. Snyder."	All Toscanini's radio broadcasts were recorded by RCA for prospective commercial release.	Presumably Naxos and Music & Arts had access to the same source.	Music & Arts did a better job. I can't explain it - everything just sounds more natural.		RCA released four of these 1939 broadcasts as commercial recordings: Symphony 3, Egmont Overture, Leonore Overtures 2+3.	These have the best sound of all:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Toscanini-Collection/dp/B006VKKAWQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Toscanini Collection</a>		The Music and Arts booklet includes detailed commentary on these performances by Christopher Dyment.	Naxos has more general notes about Beethoven.		Final judgement: When I listen to the Symphonies, it will be Music & Arts, but I will keep the Naxos CDs for nostalgia and the six missing pieces.		Unfortunately, if you don't care about nostalgia, but want the missing stuff, you will still have to buy six of the eight Naxos CDs (all but the two CD set of Symphonies 1 and 3).	Toscanini re-recorded five of the missing works for RCA:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Toscanini-Collection/dp/B006VKKAWQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Toscanini Collection</a>&nbsp;,	but this is his only recording of the Choral Fantasy (included on Naxos&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Beethoven-Symphony-No-9/dp/B00002MXQU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Beethoven: Symphony No. 9</a>&nbsp;, or with the 1940 Missa Solemnis on Music & Arts:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Beethoven-Missa-Solemnis-Choral-Fantasy/dp/B0000D9YE8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Beethoven: Missa Solemnis; Choral Fantasy</a>&nbsp;).
0,just amazing. one of the best pure guitarists around. his live stuff is even better than the studio.. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS
0,One of the best CD's on the market if you are looking for a Christian alt group that also has an awesome message. Every song is really good.
0,Oddly enough this was the first RH record that I ever bought. To tell the truth , I think it was the cover that won me over. Really. This sounds much more like a cohesive artistic statement rather than just a stop-gap odds and ends compilation. By the end of the Black Snake outtake, "All I Wanna Do Is Fall In Love" (why this track was an outtake I'll never understand), I knew it was just a matter of time till I purchased all things Robyn. In fact aside from a few way-out-there experimental tunes this may be my fave collection of Robyn tunes. "Give Me A Spanner (i.e. wrench), Ralph", "I('ve) Got A Message For You", "Eaten By Her Own Dinner", "A Skull...", "The Abandoned Brain", "Falling Leaves"		and the version of "My Favorite Buildings" on here are all great songs and some of my fave Robyn moments.		This album is music for Autumn nights with abundant beer (or wine if you will) and just kick back, relax, listen and enjoy.		Sample lyric: "Trevor Go And Shave Your Playmates"
0,Great Price and received within a week 5 Stars very easy to order while listening to Pandora!!
0,I count "The English Patient" as one of my favorite soundtracks--and unlike some film critics, I found the music to work just as well on its own as it does within the confines of the movie. As a whole, the soundtrack picks up all the mood and atmosphere of the movie, but it works solo simply as rich and full-bodied music. Track 3, "Rupert Bear," is light and romantic, and Track 27, "As Far As Florence," picks up on the same musical themes as "Rupert Bear" but turns the number into a full romantic piece. I also loved the inclusion of Bach's "Goldberg Variations" on the soundtrack, which I think Hana plays on the piano at the monastery in the movie. A fun listen is Fred Astaire's "Cheek to Cheek." This is one of the most romantic, well-done soundtracks out there, deserving of the Oscar it received in 1996 for Best Soundtrack.
0,Awesome product the best I've ever used. Highly recommend.
0,I hesitated from buying this album at first due to Rolling Stone magazine's inflation of it--Let's just say that our tastes differ & it goes both ways.  Finally, I broke down & bought the album & cannot remove it from my CD player.  Not only does this album describe life as a northerner, but it was written with such honesty and rawness that you almost feel guilty for knowing so much about the characters she portrays.  Much like Ryan Adams, Kathleen Edwards draws you in by releasing a few secrets.  Soon, you're surrounded by extremely confessional images of "Wire cars and whiskey, bad debts, and dirty laundry."  She's witty.  The engineering was done well. Her voice is delicious. Musicianship is there.  Buy the album.
0,A stunning piece of work that must be absorbed like a movie ... in one sitting, preferably in the dark, with your total attention.  Definitely not car radio music!  The layers of sound provoke vivid images and the lyrics are razor sharp.  By the end, you will be emotionally exhausted ... and amused to death.
0,Great cd.
0,There's not much that hasn't been said about this wonderful set of Bach Sacred Cantatas, so I'm just adding my vote--on election day, at that.  Rilling's is a modern instrument version, but it is definitely not heavy, romanticized Bach.  He generally uses world-class singers, and his ensembles and choruses are excellent, too.  One can find better performances of some of the cantatas by searching through various recordings.  One could even favor the opening chorus from one recording, the soprano aria from another, and the bass aria from third.  I do have other recordings of selected cantatas, and I prefer some of those to Rilling--but not all.  Given the astonishing price of this complete set as compared to the heavy toll for assembling Suzuki's complete set, for instance--and it isn't even complete, yet--I believe I made the right choice for a full set.  If you love this music as I do, you should not pass this up.
0,What a surprisingly beautiful album. What really go me were the excellent harmonies on here and the just brilliant song writing.		In a sea of emo/screamo bands all doing the same stuff album after album, Emery rises above it all and trancends the genre itself.		If you're even remotely into this genre of music I strongly recommend getting this album. The songs "Listening to Freddie Mercury" and "The Weakest" are worth the price of admission alone.		You shant be disappointed. My 2nd favorite album of 2005. Go get it!
0,great
0,The cd as a whole has its own feel to it. if i was to try to compare this to one of her other cds, I would have to say Night of the hunters with a kick to it! Tori`s daughter voice is just pure beautiful!! The song I am talking about is promise, which is beyond greatness! My fav song on this works by far! The other songs I love are America, Weatherman, and Unrepentant geraldines. Also the song Dixie which is an itunes or amazon exclusive and Forest of glass is a song on the deluxe cd/dvd version. I must add something to this review like all of the Great artist Tori Amos`s cds, the more you listen to it the more things you hear and like on the cd! Tori is very difficult to review due to all the flavors of each song on the cd. A true artist!
0,Great product arrived on time
0,Although Ruben Studdard actually won season two of American Idol, most focused more attention on runner-up Clay Aiken. Most people were stunned by the incredibly powerful vocals that came out of this somewhat geeky-looking contestant. On his debut album, "Measure of a Man", Clay turns away from the strictly pop (though pretty good pop) of the previous two American Idol contestants (Kelly Clarkson and Justin Guarini) and turns instead towards a more adult contemporary sound. Though some may call a lot of this album filler, Clay's powerful and emotive vocals can general change a song from mediocre to great. Honestly, I would have liked "Solitaire" to have been on this album however most of the other songs more than make up for it.		The first single, "Invisible" starts things off incredibly. Most listeners complained that the song has "stalkerish" or "creepy" lyrics however if you take it in context, they make perfect sense. In this song, Clay sings about being invisible to a girl he loves. In the chorus, he tells this girl that if it didn't matter what would happen ("if hearts were unbreakable") he would tell her how he felt. The song is both sweet and catchy, making for a wonderful first single. "I Will Carry You" brings the message of supporting other people and helping them through hard times. Clay's delivery really brings this already excellent song together. At first, the song sounded odd to me but Clay's vocals quickly won me over. The bridge in particular sounds amazing. ("You should know now that you're not alone..."). "The Way" also took a few listens to win me over but this time it was Clay's delivery coupled with the sweet lyrics that drew me in. In this song, Clay sings about all the ways Clay can tell his girl loves him ("It's in the way that you hold me, and the way that you know me...").		"When You Say You Love Me" is probably the weakest offering on the album, though it is still far from a terrible song. Clay's vocals do not disappoint, nor do the lyrics however the beat seems a little too quick for the rest of the song making it sound a little mismatched. The bridge once again sounds great, but the rest of the song does not quite measure up to the rest of the album. "No More Sad Songs" is one of my personal favourites. The lyrics to the chorus are not the strongest but once again, Clay's delivery draws the attention away from the song's faults. Also, the background music is incredible, especially when paired with Clay's vocals. "Run To Me" begins with beautiful piano music and is soon joined by the touching lyrics and powerful delivery. It is a little more difficult to figure out what this song is about but it is great nonetheless. As far as the album goes, it is not one of the best songs, however it also is in no way terrible.		"Shine" has more subdued vocals that actually suit Clay quite well. Instead of hearing Clay belt every note, he sings more quietly, allowing the listener to focus on the lyrics instead. This is definitely a good thing as the lyrics are stunning metaphors (in some places) and unlike most metaphors in songs, these ones actually work. In the next song, "I Survived You", the lyrics are particularly exceptional and descriptive. Clay's vocals here are truly brilliant and he brings a great deal of emotion to the song. It is probably one of the strongest songs on the album. "This Is The Night" carries on in the same vein, though not quite as emotive. This also has powerful vocals and exceptional lyrics. Though not quite as good as the song before it (and why is it considered a bonus track if it's in the middle of the album and there is no version of the album without it?), it is still a welcome addition.		"Perfect Day" also took a few listens to grow on me, but it is actually a great song. It describes how Clay feels that as long as his girl is with him, it will be a perfect day. Clay's powerful vocals add a lot to the song, as do the romantic lyrics. ("I think I lost you in another life, a part of me that I left behind, I won't go on without you"). The title track, "Measure of a Man" was a lot better than I expected. Clay again sings in a more subdued manner and it suits the style of the song impeccably. In this song, Clay gives a stunning delivery, powerful at times and subdued at times. Both styles blend together incredibly making this one of the best songs on the album. Lastly, there is "Touch" which is another of my favourites on the album. It's a different style for Clay but he manages to make the song incredible. The lyrics are particularly beautiful and Clay's delivery is nothing short of excellent.		Overall Mark: 4/5		One thing very few can deny, whether they like the album or not, is that Clay has a powerful voice. This ends up being Clay's most dangerous weapon on the album, taking mediocre songs ("The Way", which was co-written by Enrique Iglesias) and making them incredible. Clay shines on ballads and mid-tempo songs, which are a majority of the album, so he has plenty of opportunities to showcase his vocals. Many have complained that Clay only sings about love, but other than the rappers who talk about drugs, what else is there that people really sing about? Other than the occasional social issue song (which are usually not great), most singers only sing about love in different forms: crushes, true love, breakups, etc. Nonetheless, there is no particularly bad song on "Measure of a Man", however a couple of them are not quite up to the same level. Either way, the album as a whole is stunning and definitely worth a listen.
0,I think Dweles first album "Subject" is one of my fav. neo-soul albums his voice is smooth his music is creative. You would enjoy every song on this cd.
0,liked it
0,Many of these songs came into existence during my 20's and 30's, but I enjoy them as much today. My whole family listens together.
0,Tunnel of Love is one of the most emotionally heartfelt records ever made by a rock artist. Be forewarned, this isn't Born in the U.S.A. This is Bruce Sprinsteen who just got done making a number one record, number one single and rising to the top of stardom only to find his personal life around him crumbling as his picture perfect marriage to a model falls apart. So rather than make another album of arena anthems Bruce goes for a more subdued and introspective sound. Sometimes accompanied only by his guitar (not much of an E-Street sound on this one).		The result is a brilliant record. You can almost see the tears running down his face on songs like "One Step Up" as he sings about his failed marriage. Mind you he isn't being preachy. He's just letting emotions out and its heartwrenching. You can feel there is something cathartic in this, its not just a pop record. The most heartwrenching of all is "Cautious Man", a tale of a man who comitts adultery. Its not so clearly spelled out that way to the listener at first though, you have to read into it in a Faulkner sort of way.		Of course there are a few clunkers like "Spare Parts" and "All that Heaven Will Allow" that prevent it from being a five star record. And although some songs like "Walk Like a Man" may sound a little dated, when you listen to what he is going through you can overlook the 80's sound. If you are ever one who has found yourself in sheer despiration, take a listen to this disc. It is a solace, albeit a painful one. This isn't Bruce singing about charachters in "Jungleland", this is his life in all its honesty. A rare accomplishment for an artist. This is an artist bearing his soul.
0,this is possibly Madonna's best record ever.  it is definately her best since "Ray of Light".  using her gift for employing the best producers in dance music at the moment, MDNA keeps you guessing on every track.  no two songs sound alike yet the record is cohesive.  repeated listening makes it all the more intriquing.  on the first disc, Girl Gone Wild, Gang Bang, I'm Addicted.....to Love Spent, the club beats keep swirling but never cheapen the songs.  the last two tracks are slow songs that are beautiful and take the tempo down a notch.  disc 2 opens with the best song on the record:  Beautiful Killer.  the lyrics are clever and catchy and the sixties vibe makes it a fun yet moody track.  I F***ed up is the weakest of the 4 new tunes on disc 2, but considering all the great tunes around it it is still a decent tune,  B-day song is also a great song with it's 60's girl group vibe and expected Madonna naughty lyrics 'give me a spanking, start this day off right'  "Best Friend" is a slower tune that slowly builds in tempo.  the weakest track is the lame "Party Rock" remix of "Give me all you Luvin"  much better mixes of this tune are available all over the web.  this is Madonna's disco divorce record.  no offense to Adelle (she is a great artist who made it big on two break up records) but Madonna made a break up record that is fun to listen to.  Madonna still brings it hard.
0,SRV you  did yourself proud and Jimmy Hendrix. What an amazing artist. SRV another Great example of music. Your music will be loved forever and played often in my household. You SRV are truly a music icon. And although you did play Jimmy Hendrix's originals you could always tell  SRV had great respect and admiration for the legendary icon who's music he was playing. This music  is still also enjoyed  and learned by generations and will continue to do so forever.
0,Wish this was the original band with Teddy Pendergrass  - Good performance and the songs are classic R & B sound of Philly
0,In my humble opinion, the Fantasticks is the greatest show ever written, and I seem to be borne out by posterity, the highest judge of all. To those who feel differently, including the unfortunatley misguided reviewer on  this page, I say that no one should completely trash a show without having  actually seen it. This disc has much of the spoken dialogue, so you can get  a general idea of the plot, but nothing is quite like sitting in that tiny  theatre on Sullivan St. in the village as the harp and piano play that  magical opening. I'm obviously biased, but I challenge anyone to go to see  this show with an open mind and not fall completely in love.  The story is  a simple and univeral one, as are the themes and characters. The music..  well what can I say? Harvey Schmidt is a bit of a genius. His style is so  unique and distinctive. The music always avoids sappy sweetness by its  sharp dissonances and rhythms. I've read that as a kid Schmidt's favorite  music was jazz and Bartok, and I think it shows.  Overall the  Fantasticks is the antithesis of the broadway show; it is intimate,  bittersweet, nostalgic, economical, and even after forty years, amazingly  fresh and young. I plead with everyone to go see it wherever you can. If  you've already seen it, go see it again.
0,Words fail to describe how stunning an achievement Meshell Ndegeocellos tribute album to Nina Simone really is, but Ill give it my best shot. Easily the most accessible project of Ndegeocellos since the days of Bitter and Cookie: The Anthropological Mixtape, on Pour une me souveraine - A Dedication to Nina Simone, Ndegeocello modernizes what heretofore has been thought to be impossible to modernize, at least not without a house beat or much purist derision. Here Nina Simone is paid homage in ways that refresh her for a generation that will never hear Simones original classics as much more than their grandmothers music; depressing and angry songs at that. Ndegeocello reminds listeners old and new of the jazz of Simones material, how open it is to interpretation, how flexible and improvisational it is without losing the essence of what made Simones material great. By honoring Simone, as a producer and arranger Ndegeocello unintentionally also pays homage to her own skills as a great interpreter of American song.		There seems to be something of a Nina Simone revival in the air. In addition to an already controversial bio pic featuring the hotly contested Zoe Saldana in the title role, Simones material has frequently found its way into commercials and remix dance projects over the last several years. While it probably won't culminate in a Cirque de Soleil show, it is inspiring to see the Civil Rights activist/advocate and singer/songwriter finally getting her due on this side of the Atlantic, instead of just in Europe, where Simone is considered something near a deity. Nonetheless, amongst the tributes and honors, listeners will be hard pressed to find anything akin to the care that Meshell Ndegeocello, drummer Deantoni Parks, guitarist Chris Bruce, and keyboardist Jebin Bruni have brought to this oft-considered sacred material.		Ndegeocello has clearly studied Simones playbook well enough to depart from the originals just enough to entice and excite while distilling the hearts of these songs, both the obscure and the famous. Her collaboratorsToshi Reagon, Lizz Wright, Cody ChestnuTT, Sinead OConnor, Valerie June and Tracy Wannomaeequally walk the line between reverence and bravery, bringing themselves fully to Simones music but undeniably placing their unique stamps on it, just as Simone would, under Ndegeocellos able production hand. Infusing contemporary production treatments usually reserved for country pop, electro-soul, and progressive R&B, with Simones blending of roots traditions, gospel, and near tribal beats, worksongs like Be My Husband and the haunting and rhythmic House of the Rising Sun go on to deliver a jumping jamboree of spirit, sound and movement. As the smoldering Ndegeocellos duet partner on the acoustic guitar-driven country of Real, Real and the virtual field shouter on the call and response of House of the Rising Son, Toshi Reagon is a revelation. After one listen, youll want more collaboration between these two folksy music icons, so naturally do Reagon and Ndegeocello fit one another here. The doubling of vocals of Sinead OConnor on Dont Take All Night holds the plea of the song while introducing a pleasing strangeness once the exclusive province of Macy Gray. A solitary Lizz Wright straightforward delivery of Nobodys Fault But Mine accompanied by piano and both slide and electric guitar is a faithful reading, but the brocade elegance and malt chocolate richness of Wrights tone makes it wholly hers. An acoustic guitar and woodwind supported Cody ChestnuTT replicates Wrights effective minimalism on the projects initial buzz cut, To Be Young Gifted and Black, with a hint of Stevie Wonder playing just beneath the rockers plaintive declaration.		Voice and percussion are at the forefront of what makes many of these re-imaginings work. Caramel thick are Meshell Ndegeocellos hush tones pouring over a rock cover of Dont Let Me Be Misunderstood, the electronic yet 50s R&B take on Either Way I Lose, and a Grand Ol Opry spin on Turn Me On. A classic like Feeling Good is similar to the original only in melody and blues undertones; theres no Michael Buble bombast here. Where the first was a bold declaration to the world, this one is a study in meditative self-inquiry, a tentative and considered conversation. Less ritual than the original, Ndegeocellos more spectral See Line Woman with its flute riffs, astral sound effects, and rolling drums still dynamically invites a trancelike state of movement and spiritual elevation. Her Suzanne has the brightly ironic optimism and rambling rose of Everybodys Talking at Me, and is perhaps the most traditional reading of Simones material. The drum undergirds Ndegeocellos solo of Four Women with a weight always found in the lyric, but not always by the musicno such issues here, not with this masterful rhythm section.		Not to be outdone, the skillfully arranged ethereal and flirtatious backing harmonies of Real, Real and Black is the Color of My True Loves Hair are harmonic desserts so sumptuous they are souffl delish and just as light to the touch. When harmonies are used at all, they appear as if recorded in a far off echo chamber and decoratively sprinkled about here and there on these tracks as flourish. The harmonic and doubling techniques throughout the album provides an artful seriousness and aural lightness to some of these works, but also smoothes out some of the less sultry voices on the project.		Some purist wanting a boring, straight-ahead reading of the Nina Simone songbook may scuff at the liberties taken on Pour une me souveraine - A Dedication to Nina Simone. But, for my druthers, Meshell Ndegeocellos Pour une me souveraine (which means for a sovereign soul) does righteous justice to both womens sovereign souls and their artistic legacies. Two sides of the same courageous social justice coin, Simone and Ndegeocello are equally elevated by this moving re-telling of Simones stories that never disrespects or intrudes, but always illuminates, invites, and embraces all those seeking nourishment for their mind and a hug for their soul.
0,Great new album, they have been one of my Favs for a long time
0,Discarding the fender rhoades, vocalists from previous High  Note recordings, Tom Harrell produces one of his best recordings. Hardly experimental, just first rate modern jazz, a pianoless quartet including the great tenor saxophonist Mark Turner.
0,Will all the people who give this 1 star stop saying that only stupid little kids like it? Most little kids aren't stupid. And, many older people like this music. It is not that bad.		Note: I am not a little kid. I am actually a childrens' rights activist!
0,Amber's Sexual always gets my body moving whenever it comes on in clubs. This collection of remixes done by DJs Thunderpuss and KLM are very good. I can't pick any one of them as standing out; all are very good and catchy. If these remixes doesn't get one on to the dance floor then that person doesn't know how to have a good time.
0,I'm a huge Sasha fan, so I ordered this album as soon as I learned of its existence.  I found it to be a mixed bag, great by most standards, but somewhat plain compared to Sasha's other work.  A few pro's and cons:		Pros:		-The introduction to this disc ("Rise of the Machine" by Badger) was very creative, and definitely added to the mystique and involved the listener.  The "Sound Test" portion was quite cool as well.		-The album flows very well with very few hard, audible transitions.  Whereas Involver was a well blended collection of tracks, this album is a true seamless mix.		-Track 4 "Tides" by Beanfield and Bajka is a wonderful track, and is almost worth the album		-Much thicker and more organic than Involver and Xpander, leading to a much more wordly sound.		Cons:		-There were several 1, 2 and 3 minute tracks, which were almost too short to really enjoy.  The rapid-fire track switching occaisionally proved to be more distracting and fragmented than anything.		-Because of the very smooth mixing, individual tracks are very easily lost.  Only a few of the tracks seemed to stand out from the flow of the mix itself.		-Very few of the tracks are remarkable enough for individual listening, and others are too short/blended to really make their full impact on their own.		Overall, this is a great mix CD, great for a 1.2 hour constant party.  However, pulled into its component tracks, "Fundacion" suffers due to the steps taken to ensure a mix as seamless as it is.  If you're looking for a sequel to "Involver", you'll likely not find it here, but you may well enjoy Fundacion in its own right!
0,Love Hagar, Great CD, Excellent Seller, THANK YOU!
0,I was getting into Curtis Mayfield so I wanted to get the Impression's stuff starting with the oldest album, and seemed best to get this one that had the 1st 2 albums on there.  Grand times!
0,I'm not gonna lie, I didn't warm up to this album until after a couple listens, but has S.O.S. really made a bad album?  I have S.O.S.'s albums #1-3 and #5, I have yet to get the other ones. When I first bought "It's Better To Travel", I thought it was a great album. I loved the jazz/pop vibe of it. Then I bought "Get In Touch With Yourself" and liked that even more because it mixed R&B and jazz. Then I bought "Shapes And Patterns" (I still haven't bought "The Living Return" yet). "Shapes And Patterns" was good (to me, "Somewhere In The World" is their most brilliant song period), but some of the songs sounded like they were straight out of the 60s.  I'm not very fond of that decade musically. Those type of songs are usually too gleeful for me.  So with "Kaleidoscope World", I wanted to dismiss it because I encountered those 60s-esque songs again. But there are only 3 songs that sound like they're straight out the 60s ("You On My Mind", "Forever Blue", and "Precious Words").  The other songs I could tolerate because there were 80s songs with 60s elements ("Where In The World" and "Heart For Hire"), just plain 80s songs ("Tainted" and "Between Strangers"), espionage film-esque songs ("Kaleidoscope Affair"), and a lounge song for good measure ("Coney Island Man").  And I loved how they would break into a little lounge number at the end of a couple of the songs (I like when loungey songs are played on commercials.  That's what "C.I.M." reminded me of, although it also reminded me of "The Price Is Right").  One problem though- "Waiting Game" is too cheesy!  I like the beat, but what were they thinking with the music behind the verses?  Anyway, in closing, I'm still not a big fan of 60s music, but this album is something you will keep coming back to.  Like the other albums I own, it has its own individual style.
0,Love this album will remind of hauntingly similar sound that Chimaira has out called Impossibility of Reason.  Might want to check that one out or be like me and take out the samples to find out what I mean.
0,A gift, receiver was pleased
0,One of my favourite albums of all time, let alone of Jethro Tull.  This  concept record shows that the band have excelled themselves, performing a  beautiful, awe-inspiring masterpiece, poetic and humourous, ironic and  overpowering, yet shimmering with brilliance throughout.  It presents a  series of interwoven musical themes spliced into one coherent whole.  It is  IMHO Jethro Tull's best sounding album, in relation to its production,  technical proficiency and the band's performance, which is amazing in its  precision and ability to uplift as well as pacify.  Ian Anderson's vocals  and propulsive flute-playing are of a high standard as usual, and his  delivery of the thought-provoking lyrics are masterful (BTW, did Anderson  really use the lyrics of an epic poem composed by an 8-year old child  prodigy, as the newspaper-style sleeve states?  Methinks not!). Other than  that, it is a very enjoyable piece of music; passionate and progressive,  the Tulls haven't made an album quite as good since.
0,Jeff is gone but his music remains.  This CD came out years after his death but it sounds like he just recorded it.  This is a must for fans of Jeff Healey.
0,This is Sutherland's first Lucia, recorded in 1961, now also available as a Decca Legends set, well sound remastered. In her first Lucia, Sutherland's freshness, beauty, top register and (arguably) diction are at their finest. I've never been a Sutherland fan mainly because of her mushy diction and I avoided her recordings but wanted my first complete Lucia to be Sutherlands' since this was her signature role.	Truly, the woman was born to sing this role! Her coloratura is amazingly flawless and effortless (one thinks she could sing the role in her sleep). Her sweet, fresh (back then) voice make her a most convincing young Lucia. I especially admire her "Regnava ne silenzio" but any other moment is equally ravishing! She is accompanied by an enchanting Renato Cioni; he may not have the spectacular high notes of Pavarotti nor his radiance but there is something uniquely beautiful with Cioni's Edgardo. I've always admired both Robert Merrill and Cesare Siepi and here they are once again sublime. The sound is clear but not perfect; the voices are sometimes suffocated by the powerful orchestra and this reduces the exitement here and there. Pritchard may not be as great as the grand Tullio Serafin who conducted Callas' Lucia and Sutherland's 1959 live performance (her best Lucia) but he is not less memorable.	In comparison to the Callas versions, Sutherland is more convincing as the young Lucia because of her sweet sound and beauty whereas Callas is more exiting despite her rougher voice and flawed technique (Sutherland's coloratura is unsurpassed). Joan's second Lucia has the most impressive cast but the freshness is not on the same level. A true opera fan should also own Callas' and Sills' thrilling accounts and why not, also the less famous but lovely Moffo reading.
0,With 3 New songs, a must for sevendust fans.  But for the casual fans, essentially a live CD of their most recent stuff, more than likely you want something from their older albums, buy the greatest hits album.  The DVD is what drags this package a bit down, a day in the life of sevendust, not bad, but I never have liked "the making of" anything, but Thank goodness they included the videos, and some concert videos as well.  Solid package for any fan.
0,The first listen to this album is nice. It's mellower than his previous stuff, which is the first thing you notice. On the second listen, some songs stand out and you find yourself singing them to yourself throughout the day. Then you listen to it a few more times, and on one listen a lighting bolt goes off in your brain. The songs feel like they were written just for you, and the music infects your soul with it's subtle beauty and rich textures. When you give this album some time, it's real genius comes out. You find yourself unable to stop thinking about the songs and the lyrics.		Not surprising to Marc Ford fans, the production on this album is off the charts. There are only a few rockers, and even they have a similar laid back vibe that runs throughout the album. This doesn't feel like a collection of songs, it feels like songs you have to listen to in progression. Stopping this album before you've listened to the entire thing feels like a crime.		I'm so happy that Marc is still making music like this, I just wish he toured more. Holy Ghost is right from the heart, and there is something about it that feels other-worldly or holy. Get this on vinyl and prepare to grow obsessed with it. Another 5 star album, his 5th in a row in my book.
0,Surprisingly consistant and enjoyable swansong from the quiet Beatle. Easily his most fully realized album since "All Things Must Pass". Son Dahni and Jeff Lynne didn't overwhelm the material with post-production bells and whistles. The songs on the album show a remarkable acceptance of fate that only a true believer could understand fully.
0,This is a great c.d. intended strictly for lovers. I recommend an evening with that special someone, candlelight, this c.d. and prepare yourself for a spectacular evening! Thanks for a great c.d.!!!
0,Nice CD. Alan gives us plenty to enjoy from on this set. The best songs here are "Bring On The Night" (heartfelt ballad with nice vocal rendition), "Work In Progress", "Designated Drinker" (duet with George Strait), "I Slipped And Fell In Love" and, of course, the song that helped Alan obtain his stack of CMA Awards because of its thoughtful lyrics and earnest vocal rendition, "Where Were You", put twice here, the second version being a live performance during the 35th CMA Awards show. So, no surprises here; if you already own some of his previous efforts, I guess you could say it remains in the same line of work, which makes him so successful. Country voice, country melody, country lyrics, just plain good country music.
0,I purchased this for a student who is in our school jazz band.  The band is two years old and this student loves music.  One would not expect a middle school age kid to love jazz so much.  Student's  mother approves and loves it too.
0,Cohen now preaches the Dharma, and he does it in the most ordinary, simple way possible. For those who can (and want to) hear, this album is manna. When I first heard "A thousand kisses deep" I burst into tears. I'm very grateful to have discovered this great work.
0,I started collecting his CD's recently and now I'm a huge fan!  I love that he can go from ballad to blues to any other style seamlessly!
0,Snarky Puppy is my new favorite band.  Very original compositions and first rate musicians.
0,This is without a dought their best cd to date. I would recommend this cd over all of Dream Theaters' others. I would say that when you hear Dream Theater play, it's like all of the other bands are just standing still, they have mastered their craft!!!		James Bunn / Bass player
0,A Matter of Life and Death finds Iron Maiden firing on all cyliders once again.  Picking up where Dance of Death left off, Steve Harris, Bruce Dickinson, Adrian Smith, Dave Murray, Janick Gers, and Nicko McBrain took their songwriting to the next level.		A Matter of Life and Death features fully developed, sophisticated songs that have both power and melody.  Songs like "Brighter Than a Thousand Suns," and "The Longest Day," match up against almost any song in Maiden's catalog, while others like "The Pilgrim" (with it's middle eastern flavored riffs), "These Colours Don't Run," and "The Reincarnation of Benjamin Breeg" all give the album a cohesive feel.		Much discussion has gone on regarding the album's magnum opus, "For The Greater Good of God," and I won't repeat all of it here (I couldn't if I wanted to), but I will say this - it is a stunning track that the band should definitely be proud of.  It is pure Iron Maiden, with all the requisite changes and melodies (not to mention power and energy) of a great Maiden song, and Steve Harris has done one hell of a job writing this one all by himself.		Special mention should be made regarding Nicko's drumming on the album.  This may be his best all around performance since his debut in Maiden with Piece of Mind!  He finds a groove on almost every song - including "Brigher Than a Thousand Suns," which features a 7/4 verse!  His playing has both groove and flair, and he gives the album a little more life than it's two predecessors from a rhythmic standpoint.		The production on AMOLAD is also a bit stronger than the last two albums - actually, I think it's their best produced album sonically since Powerslave.  Kevin Shirley has done a fantastic job on that count.  The one count against Shirley is that he doesn't seem to know how to stand up to Steve when he adds the mellow intros to some of the songs.		While the intros on AMOLAD are better than the ones on the Maiden albums from the last 11 years, there are still a couple that we could do without - and more importantly that the songs could do without "Lord of Light," and "Benjamin Breeg."  Still, they do sound better than on recent albums, so that is a step in the right direction.		Overall, while it's not a perfect album by any means, it is still an album of great depth and sophistication, and it is an album that grows on you with repeated listens.  Well worth the time and effort to familiarize yourself with all of it's changes and complexity, A Matter of Life and Death is an album that every Iron Maiden fan should own.
0,Excellent as always
0,Just wanted to point out that the included review translates this album's title as "Order From Chaos", when in fact "ad" means "to", so the title reads "Order To Chaos", a sentiment rather more in line with the Mayhem philosophy. And no, I haven't heard it - yet.
0,Bobby Charles is one of the great unsung 20th century writers. It's probably true that his debut album is his best record, but this is better than anyone had any right to expect at this late stage. Some killer songs & bears repeated listenings.
0,A Pink Floyd influenced Gothic Metal/Doom Metal classic. I can't recommend it more highly. It's a bit rougher compared to their later work but often that adds to it's charm. I remember when I first heard it, many years ago. It was one of the albums that got me back into Metal after a long absence.  The album cover is pretty much a visual description of the album that you hear. It's an experience, a journey, and often a sad one, but a great journey nevertheless! Buy it!
0,I discovered this group late, after hearing them on Palladia. This is an excellent CD that is reminiscent of "New Age" music.
0,Every song on the Rakamonie is what quality is all about.  It left me wanting more and each song was incredibly different from the song that played before it.  Robyn never stopped being too cool for skool, but when she cut her hair again and released this EP, she reminded us of why she's in a league of her own.		Konichiwa Bitches - same version on original Robyn release, but on this EP it has a little voiceover intro.  Robyn sounds about 10 years old on this intro, which is so cute.	Cobrastyle - a cover song and Robyn did it better than the original. This song is mad cool!  My fave line is, "Certain little boys I just stop deal with.  Tell you they your friend and then bad-mouth again."	Be Mine - stripped down all the way and is better than the fast version.  It's absolutely beautiful and her passion is obvious.	List of Demands - fun to hear and sing. Robyn's serious side, reminiscent of My Truth.  The only problem is Jenny Wilson's horrible voice.	Jack U Off - Robyn's unpredictable here with this Prince cover.  To hear such an innocent-sounding voice sing those words ... weirdly wonderful.
0,This box set is the best comp of Cronos-era material out there! About a year ago, I reviewed the 2-disc "From Heaven To The Unknown" saying that that one was the best, and at the time, it was. That one is still the best for the money(it's a budget quality release). The only drawback is that this box set includes only material from the original trio of Cronos, Abbadon, and Mantas. That means their first four albums, stand-alone singles, the "Cast In Stone" album, and, of course, live stuff and demos. There is no Tony Dolan material here("The Collection" is still the best comp for that era), and nothing from either "Calm Before The Storm" or "Resurrection". That being said, buy this, or F.O.A.D.(when you hear the set, you'll know what that means!)!!!!!!!!!!!
0,If you want wonderful Christmas music, don't turn another page! This is the best Christmas cd, ever. Even if you dislike Hanson, give this a whirl..I believe you'll love it. It's not just for a 13 year old girl, it's for parents, and anyone of any age. I did buy this cd when I was 13 and in my little "Hanson" stage. But this cd NEVER fails to get old, or ever lose its flavor. Before my father passed, he always loved for me to play this cd at Christmas. Even he was amazed at Hanson's talents. None of the songs on here are what you deem "teenybopper". They are heartfelt, emotional, happy & still provide you with some of your all-time, most remembered Christmas songs. Order it before Christmas gets here!		As I mentioned, the entire CD is great, not a bad song. But the best are #1, #4, and #9.
0,Love it!  Nice compilation
0,love the effort put in the project
0,I've been a fan of the English prog scene for awhile, and decided to check out some of the European bands, so I picked up a bunch of French and Italian prog CDs.  Of all of them, Le Orme's "Felona E Sorona" has been my favorite - it sounds very "prog" without sounding too derivative of the English bands (at least, of any band in particular).  The music is very synth and keyboard dominated (the band is a keys-bass-drums trio), which I like, although there's quieter acoustic moments, too.  The vocalist has a nice, melodic voice and I really enjoy the sound of the Italian lyrics (I've been studying Italian, so I can make some of it out, but the edition I got has a second disc with English lyrics - telling the same story, but somewhat more awkwardly).	The album is a concept about two planets - a happy one and a sad one.  God decides the happy one no longer needs him, so he turns his attention away towards the sad one, and the balance shifts.  A suitable cosmic and philosophical concept for progressive rock!  Some have commented that it's a bit short at 33 min, but I've come to the conclusion I prefer a short, concise 70s album to the CD-era releases of many bands that tend to go on too long - the whole album is solid and interesting.	The edition I got has, as I've mentioned, both an English and Italian disc, with liner notes and lyrics in both languages and is a triple-gatefold cardboard sleeve (personally, I prefer a good jewel case, where your CDs aren't in danger of slipping out on the way to the car . . .)
0,AWESOME~!!!!
0,one of rudy best works bye it.
0,Anyone see the Dixie Chicks concert on NBC a few months back?? Anyone besides me have an opinion of that concert? I (being old by some standards) have watched every 'front member' of every band, from Janis Joplin to Grace Slick, to Pat Benatar, to David Gilmore (of Pink Floyd) to (and yes) Stevie Nicks, and yet... have never seen the 'frontman' (or 'frontperson') or, hell front ANYTHING, the quality of Natalie Maines of the Dixie Chicks! I honestly don't, after 35 years of music, know, exactly, how they do it, but you can not top the Dixie Chicks! Period! Can not! These 3 ladies, possess, in their little fingers, more talent, more gumption, more raw 'get -up-an-rock, 'you-ain't-seen-nothin-like-it' unforgettable music than you ever dreamed possible in your entire life! This is coming from me.. Gingerfan.. having watched it all... from Janis to Grace to the Doors and beyond! Way beyond! Do yourself a favor and get into the Dixie Chicks, now... at their best!!! No one swings like a Dixie Chick (fan) does!!
0,The BEST Zap Mama album to date,IMHO. I was intro'd to this type of music in 90's during my first trip to Key West. Phoebe Snow's "Poetry Man" rocks, as does "Damn Your Eyes" & "Illioi"(sweet french child's voice as a hook in the song)  Interesting to listen to... Afropean influence...
0,Poor Vaccaj. His penultimate opera was a fiasco at its premiere, and this recording, of its second production 170 years later is distinctly underwhelming. That is a pity since the opera contains some very interesting -- indeed exciting -- music. Vaccaj had his own, distinctive voice in line with the great bel canto composers. Here he is not up to the best of them, but much of the music is very good, with a bite that foreshadows later Verdi. Think Mercadante,or Paccini and you are in the same league -- very good but not quite outstanding.		Unfortunately, this recording is rather disappointing. The chorus and orchestra are undistinguished and the conducting is pedestrian. The sound engineering is variable in terms of emphasis and mixing, not very kind to the singers, some of whom do need quite a bit of kindness. Since this is a concert performance, engineering that harkens back to the 1960's recordings of live opera -- without of course the stage noises -- really is disgraceful. The singers are obscure, but three of them are rather good. Indeed, Jessica Pratt, the soprano, is excellent and I shall look for her name in other recordings. The mezzo and the bass are more than adequate and sing gloriously. Other reviewers have panned the baritone, and his technique indeed does have some very peculiar aspects -- especially a device that he uses frequently that lies between a tremulo, a trill and a beat. But once you get used to it, I found him quite acceptable. My problem was with the tenor, who has an ugly voice. He, or course, is not to blame for that, but his technique is at times dubious as are his dynamics. He particularly is not helped by the engineers. I have, however, listened to the whole recording twice and parts of it another time and I will undoubtedly return to it		The set contains a useful booklet, with a short but informative essay be Jeremy Commons, a synopsis, keyed to the tracks, and notes on the performers. A libretto with English translation can be downloaded from Nexos. The cd's are broken up into few tracks -- a pity especially if you are bothered by some of the weaker singing.		For those wishing to explore secondary bel canto composers, this set can be recommended. It is not, however, nearly as interesting as the recording of Vaccaj's Giulietta e Romeo from Bon Giovanni, but that one is right now available from Amazon only at a  ludicrously high price.
0,The Seeker!
0,One of Alejandro's best releases ever!  Classy, sexy, high quality tracks.  Duets with Christina Aguilera and Rod Stewart are amazing.  Highly recommend!
0,This is a fascinating and much appreciated archival anthology of songs Vikki Carr recorded	in the early and mid 1970s for Columbia Records that never saw release.  Like most popular	recording artists of the period signed to major labels, Carr went into the studio often to	record tracks for various singles and albums with material left over.		In her thirties at the time, Carr has a maturity here beyond her more traditional "adult" pop	recordings of the 1960s. Although Columbia Records insisted that all of their "middle-	of-the-road singers" such as Carr, Andy Williams and Johnny Mathis commit to covering	a number of hit songs of the day made famous by others, Carr was also given a good	number of interesting original compositions to sing which are very enjoyable.		Of the greatest intrigue, this collection offers an entire set of 10 Nashville recordings	from an aborted 1975 album with a light country vibe. There are the obligatory upbeat	numbers but most powerful are her warm and winning interpretations of the tender ballad	"Lying In My Arms" and the jazzy Willie Nelson classic "The Night Life." Carr's vocals are	natural and intimate here with simple but effective instrumental accompaniment. This	is the most contemporary Carr ever sounded and is refreshing without being overproduced.		The last 7 tracks on this set are from different sessions in the early 1970s. Her light rock take on	the Neil Young penned "I Believe In You" is a revelation and "Loving In My Soul" is another	stand out. A Phil Spector style "wall of sound" envelopes covers of "The Sun Ain't Gonna Shine	Anymore" and "The End of The World." Although these two 1960s standards have been sung	by so many others, the arrangements and Carr's spot-on vocals make them keepers.		There were probably no "hit" singles here which would basically explain why the recordings	haven't seen the light of day before, but given the total lack of new Vikki Carr English recordings	for almost four decades (!), these lost songs are fully welcome to help fill the void once Carr	abandoned English for her Spanish language career all these years.
0,I thought this was one of the best albums i had heard in 2004, a huge improvement to "Jackpot". There are few weak tracks on this compilation. I really cannot see how people can say that this album was not done well, it is clear that they have not listened to the album very well, the comments would be much better otherwise. I love the beats that go along with Chingy's brilliant rapping.		The stand-outs on here for me are...		1. Give Em Some Mo'		2. Fall'N		3. Balla Baby		4. Leave Wit Me		5. All The Way To St. Lou		6. 26's		7. We Clubbin'		8. Wurr Da Git It Gurlz At		9. Bring Da Beef		From these ratings, it shows that the album is reasonably solid, the others not mentioned there are still generally good songs, definitely not bad at all but not worth a 9 or 10/10.		As I say, i did not think a lot of "Jackpot" and of course when "Powerballin" hit my ears I took full insight into Chingy and his music. Very well chosen theme throughout the album (the money-making idea as displayed in "Balla Baby". The main two i love on here are "All The Way to St. Lou" And "Leave Wit Me", they were very well done on R Kelly's, David Banner's And Nate Dogg's behalf. Nate Dogg's chorus really makes the song a winner as does R Kelly in Track 6. Chingy has become one of my favourite rappers, and i must say it is simply because of this album. If you are a southern rap fan, which I am not specifically, I do enjoy any kind of rap, as long as it's good, anyway if you are a true listener of this sort of hip hop music, do not hesitate to purchase this album. And listen to it more than once because clearly some of the reviewers have not done so.
0,Quality music, some unmemorable tracks but all good musicianship obviously. Love Dream Theater, so I'm glad to see their bassist, JOhn Myung, taking part in some side projects with other great musicians. Overall I'd give this 7.5/10 for music, the production is very nice too and sounds flat and well balanced, like I like on a great sound system. Decent dynamic range also for a CD.
0,All the hits in one cd.
0,I bought this for the songs "Hello" and "Penny Lover" and with the free auto rip you just can't lose. Amazon is awesome to give us the cloud player for free and the cds that have the free auto rip are giving you twice the pleasure as far as I feel. I love to listen to these songs and his other music along with other favorites while doing other things on the computer. I just love to hear it even while just doing other things when it is so easy to access the cloud player with those free songs just waiting to listen to.
0,P.O.D. does not really enter on to a now completely commercial music movement of the Rap-Rock Hybrid - they simply continue doing what they have done in the past...and they do it extremely well.  What sets this act apart  from bands such as Limp Biskit, or Rage Against the Machine is their tight  combination of metal and pure funk.  They have as much soul in their music  as the much underrated band the 24-7 Spyz, and we may even go so far as to  make comparisons with the bass grooves of Flea or Victor Wootten that add a  much needed absence of soul and ethnicity to this genre.  Their muscianship  simply surpasses their contemporaries and they give an edge to the stylings  of the peace and love lyricism of 311 (they are also far more socially  conscious in their expression.)  The guitars have a  crunchiness that can  only make you smile and bob your head, a crunchiness that makes for a much  more dynamic sound than Tom Morello's (albeit brilliant) guitar work.  So  if you like the sounds of Curtis Mayfield on "Mother's Son," Rage  Against the Machine, Helmet, Limp Biskit, and/or Red Hot Chili Peppers of  the Uplift Mofo Party Plan Days, this CD has a spot waiting for it on your  CD shelf.
0,C. D sounds great!!!
0,I love this CD! It truly has everything! And the style has changed so much since the "Twoseventeen" album's debut. My favorite song is by far "What is Love." It just sounds so different than anything Pax 217 has done before. I recommend	you get this CD! (I hope this was helpful)	<Vapor>
0,If you own the other 5 Stairteps CD's mentioned here, this is good basically for the inclusion of "Behind Curtains," "The Girl I Love," and "You Don't Love Me." All the other good stuff is here except the pseudogospel "Didn't It Look So Easy," which is apparently a followup to the obiquitous (but lovely) "Ooh Child."  But either way, get this if you don't have the other 5 Stairsteps CDs.
0,Although I have not heard one song from this CD played on internet radio Icon For Hire is still pretty "poppin'".  I believe it is God centered music, there are certain associations made to The Almighty in the songs.  It is good Rock music for you Christian rockers out there.  The lead singer is quite an object of interest to listen to with her unique voice.  I am very choosy when it comes to what music I purchase, it has to be more timeless, and I think I will listen to Icon For Hire for quite a long time to come.
0,Great CD! Chris Young has great music!
0,If you can only get just one Stevie album this is it, it has just about everything you need unless you are a freak like me who has just about everything he put out.
0,Candlemass!!  Definition of doom metal!
0,It made me look for Harry under my Christmas tree.  I kept the tree up for weeks just in case.  That man could sing the phone book and I would buy it.
0,THESE GIRLS ARE TRULY SOME OF THE BEST FEMALE SINGERS I'VE HEARD. THEY CAAN REALLY SING, THEY HAVE WHAT IT TAKES TO SUCCEED IN THE MUSIC WORLD...BUT TOO BAD THEY ONLY PRODUCED TWO ALBUMS, BUT THEY'RE BOTH GREAT ALBUMS, I HAVE THEM BOTH AND THEY ARE KEEPERS.
0,she is good, very much feel like I am in Ireland
0,Why SOOOOO Uptight! Ok it's not BRITISH STEEL, SCREAMING FOR VENGANCE, Etc..., But this is a Really Good	Party Album in that 80's sort of style! Call it a Sell/Out, But maybe it's just a Veteran Band diversifying their sound and proving they weren't oblivious to the times! Several of these songs hold up really well in concert as evidenced by PRIEST LIVE! So lighten up and stick Turbo in the ole 5-Disc CD Changer and put it in Shuffle Play Mode right along w/ some DOKKEN, RATT, & QUIET RIOT and Rock On!
0,This album was my first exposure to Gentle Giant.  When I got the album and put it in my cd player for the first spin, I was initially struck with how unusual and unique GG are.  I have never heard anything quite like this!  Anyways, I decided to give it a good go, as I realized this would be an acquired taste.  I was right, it is, but boy is it good when you finally do get it.  I think the live album Playing the Fool, is a real good starting point for GG initiates, as it covers alot of the material from their better studio albums, my favorite being the Excerpts from Octopus.  The only complaint I would possibly mention is that the album is too short, I really would've liked to have heard more.  That said, the album does the trick for me.  I'm hooked and looking forward to hearing more from this very progressive band. Try Playing the Fool. If you like progressive music, you'll love it.  5 stars.
0,Silent night is one of my favorite songs in this album Naya did such a great job with it.  Again if you are a glee fan it is hard for you not to like this album!
0,A must have for the Christian Rap Collector. Great for workouts and getting pumped to share the gospel with anyone!
0,Received as advertised and described.
0,good
0,great
0,I saw this group on PBS and just had to have my own DVD.  My wife and I became instant fans. This show is so well done and the music is delightful.
0,Nice case, item as described, fast shipment
0,I first saw Roy in the late 60's I think as the main support to the first Rolling Stones tour of Australia. Must have been around that time because Brian Jones was still in the Stones. Saw him subsequently in late 60's or early 70's, once again supporting someone else. All I can say is it's a very brave band or artist who allows a guy like Roy to go on before them. Roy virtually stole the show both times and, in the case of the Stones, ended up doing 2 or 3 encores-an extraordinary feat in a show where he faced a fanatical Stones mad crowd who no doubt went along just wanting to see Jagger and Co! This recording is the very last performance by this legendary performer. What a farewell! The Big O will live on in the hearts of those fortunate to have experienced his vocal genius and this will serve as a reminder just how great he really was.
0,Don't like this as much as "19".
0,Got to see Pat & Neil in my neighborhood for this Tour...Great familiar songs/hits and after 35 years they still give solid Rock performances!!! Pat IS the bad ass of Rock..she can still sing her tush off which not many can do.....love this collection.
0,I own a couple of other, more recent, albums by Pelican and it was all so good that I decided to invest the inordinant expense into the EP.  I'm glad I did.  I love heavy metal music for a basic reason: I love heavy, doomy, droning, thunderous guitars and drums.  I love for heavy music of any sort to hypnotize me.		And, this album does just that.  The song "Mammoth" is aptly named for it marches like the heavy pounding of a Mammoth's walk across glacial plains.  All four of the songs, though, are completely unreal efforts of pure heaviness.  This is easily the heaviest of all the albums that I own, and considering my tastes (Meshuggah, Nile, Metallica, and Neurosis among others) that is very much saying something about this album.		Some might say that there's no logical connection between this EP and the later more musically expressive Pelican albums, but I'd disagree there.  The vibe is the same even if the current of music is different.  This stuff is more droning than later albums.  If you don't like a steady droning effect in the music then perhaps this is not for you.  But, if you like being hypnotized by sound this album is perfect.		I love Pelican's work and I highly recommend that you buff up your collection of music with their stuff today, if you can.
0,I'll admit, Hanging By a Moment to me (and others), is overplayed. Too much. That song alone has both prompted the band to success, and cursed them with what could be a one-hit wonder status.	Why? Because people won't give their album a chance. They probably think it's a chalk full of Hanging By a Moments, or they heard that song so much, any mention of it makes them nausous. That couldn't be farther from the truth.	The theme of this album, is finding out who you are and accepting yourself. The songs range (lyrically) from trying to move past past experiences (Sick Cycle Carousel), accepting yourself and not caring what anyone else thinks (Quasimodo), and finding hope in faith (Unknown). Musically, the album varies also. The pace of the music really fits the lyrics. Many songs are slow and pensive, such as Trying, Only One, and Somewhere In Between. Others, like Quasimodo, are faster, and are made to be fast, by their angry and emotional lyrics. The mood of the album is thoughtful, emotional, and sometimes depressing.	These guys aren't one-hit wonder material. Read their lyrics. I haven't heard one person who has listened to this album complain about it. They're talented. People just need to give them a chance.
0,Jack Jezzro is the best!
0,If you you have heard one Amon Amarth album and liked it, you're probably going to like them all. These guys have been very consistent in terms of their style from one album to the next. If you've never heard these guys and you're after some brutal but atmospheric or melodic death metal,then Amon Amarth could be for you. Versus The World is a typically great AA album. With this release, you also get a bonus CD which contains all their early demos.
0,I loved the music. Billy may's arrangements are absolutely delicious. The packaging leaves more than a little to be desired
0,This is the stuff I grew up on.  Ted Nugent before he became political about everything and just played for the sheer love of his	craft.  A true legend in music and this is when he threw down the gauntlet on fierce lead guitar.
0,The Veronicas came out of nowhere here in New Zealand, and I was anxious to see what they could bring. Whether they would be a hit or miss...		4ever - Great start to the album! This was their debut single, the clip reminds me a little of Ashlee Simpson "LaLa". The chorus is awesome! Jess and Lisa have powerful vocals and they really show it off here. 12/10		Everything I'm Not - The second single of the album. This is even better than the debut, a little slower but a little heavier. The clip is full of angst and hatred. (by the way is it me or does that blonde girl at the beginning look like Lindsay Lohan?) Everything I'm Not is one of those songs that stays with you for a while. I have liked it for a long time now, and that's a rare thing for me to like a song for a long time. 12/10		When It All Falls Apart - Now we're in soft mode now. This is going to be the third single for The Veronicas. Its ok, not that great, I wouldn't have chosen it as a single though. 8/10		Revolution - Catchy song. The chorus is when it kicks in. "I am!" you will hear yourself singing those words over and over again. A little like 4ever but not as good. Hit the repeat button a couple of times. 87.5/10		Secret - Not that excited about this one. A little boring at first, then the bland chorus come sin and its like "bleh". 4/10		Mouth Shut - Ok song. It can be forgotten quite easily... and the chorus feels like its missing something? Maybe a bass or something? I cant pick it up...7/10		Leave Me Alone - Reminds me of something "Tatu" would sing. Catchy song. It sounds like "They're not gonna get us" by Tatu. As "Leave Me Alone" is what Jess and Lisa like to repeat over and over again until your head explodes! 7.5/10		Speechless - The first "real" ballad of the album. A little weak in my opinion. Easily forgotten...5/10		Heavily Broken - Just when you thought the album would sink lower and lower, this song comes on! Awesome song! Could be a huge hit if released! Its really dark and mysterious and the chorus is awesome and you just cant get enough of it. This sounds like a Veronicas song! 12/10		I Could Get Used To This - The verses are the best part of the song. You think your going into one direction then the song switches paths and takes you into a different direction. Its not that bad, it's a bit like the rest of the album (good but forgettable). 8/10		Nobody Wins - Yay, a slow song that you will remember! You feel the hurt that the girls are feeling as they sing the chorus. Some may fall asleep listening to this one but I however like it. 10/10		Mother Mother - This was an interesting song choice. The opening guitar is awesome! I had never heard of this song before this one. Then the bridge comes in with a nice electric and bass guitar and its like ok this is cool. Then "THAT" chorus comes in. Yes the screaming and loud noise comes in (which I love I might add) Yes this song is entertaining and is a great album closer...11/10		Overall great debut album. It starts off strong, then slowly goes downhill with about 7 tracks then goes back up the hill. Go buy it if you're fans of Lindsay Lohan's latest album "A Little More Personal" because they sound similar (except Lohan's album is a lot stronger)
0,Awsome new guy to me
0,I have the "original"record album. If you lived during the "time" when life was good and happened to live in the Village ( NYC ) you will remember this group. It's a good CD to have from that time on this planet.........the good old days. It's getting harder to find.
0,DEPENDING ON YOUR MUSICAL TASTES THIS CD HAS MUSIC FROM THE CELTIC CULTURE AS WELL AS SOME POP MUSIC.  THERE ARE SOME OLDER MORE CLASSICAL TUNES AS WELL.  THE GUYS HAVE GREAT VOICES.
0,Great CD
0,I bought this on LP back in 1977 in New York City. My copy of their first release was almost worn out and this one was on the shelf. What a treat to find it released on CD! Nobody does harmony like the Manhattan Transfer. They may not be for everybody's taste, but they sure are great to me. This is a neat albumn with a pretty good range of material.
0,Sorry, I just got around to Guided By Voices with Mag Earwhig, which didn't really grab my attention.  After a few listens to Do The Collapse, though, a good handful of songs were ingrained in my brain, and I was  hooked.  On to find more back catalog Guided By Voices.  Even my  Shania-Twain-loving wife was singing along to Teenage FBI.	This CD rocks,  has great pop hooks, and by all rights should be pushing the Backstreet  Boys off the top of the charts.  Dragons Awake, Teenage FBI, Wrecking Now,  and Hold On Hope in any just land would be top 10 on the pop charts.  Surgical Focus and Much Better Mr. Buckles are top notch rock songs.  The  key thing that another reviewer noted that Do the Collapse has is  "fun" -- something that's sorely missing from most of the junk  out there now.
0,loved it. thanks
0,Very good cd
0,I love this album. The best of 2012 by far. The vocal arrangements are spot on, some of the best vocals on an album. The music is impeccable. The writing and arranging is amazing. I like how it is a fusion of all there different influence, and the differences in each song. There is not a weak track on the album.
0,You just forget how GREAT his songs were and still are!  Pour a drink, kick back and just enjoy the ride...yep, you'll be smiling!
0,Great to have the full show. Quality is excellent.  I thought it was a solo show and it was not.  That was a real treat!
0,Their best.  Light up!
0,Recorded at the Chicago Public Auditorium, January 1968, this disc gives us two facets of Bill Cosby: One, the observational comic, and two, the gifted story teller. And I have to say, truthfully, this may have gotten only four stars from me if it didn't change gears by the last track.		The first bit has him telling of playing sports; a very quick reference to playing football, and a slightly longer bit about playing baseball and being beaned by a wild pitch. Everybody who has even played a pick-up game in the back yard can identify with this. He then goes on a little about the conflict between the mind and the body; how the mind will ignore the body in critical situations. It's short, but will make you laugh.		"The Losers" is about his two daughters (this was recorded before his son was born), and this is where the disc starts to pick up steam. Despite the harsh title of this track, he is a doting parent, just crazy in love with his daughters, and even if you aren't a parent (I'm not; I'm an uncle, but there are kids in this house), this bit does strike a chord if you even help with raising a little kid.		"The Apple," a funny telling of the Adam and Eve story, is slightly out of place here; the material which preceeds and follows it is rooted in modern life, but it still isn't bad. It's just a typical comedian's take on the difference between the sexes: women being manipulative and men being horn-dogs. It's a good bit, just a little out of place.		Track 5: Holy crap, is this funny. It's the half-hour title track, "To Russell...," about having to sleep in the same bed as his younger brother every night. Though it is Cosby, alone on a stage, there are three characters featured: Bill himself, his brother Russell, and their father. Early in this segment he talks of his mother, but the story itself focuses on the three males in the house. He voices all three, and it has to be, without a doubt, one of the funniest comedy bits of all time. This is not an exaggeration. I will write this on the assumption the reader hasn't heard this before, and if you haven't, you don't know what you're missing. As the story unfolds, young Bill is playing cruel mind games with Russell, and this escalates into a physical fight. I have heard this hundreds of times over the years, and I STILL laugh very loudly at this. As the night wears on, they are fighting over the covers and everything else, interrupted by the dramatic entrance of their father, and this visit from the parents' room is the first of several. And, apparently, this went on every night. It's a timeless bit, and it never gets old.		I don't care what your entertainment tastes are, no music library (this isn't music, I know; you know what I mean) is complete without this. Again, it's Cosby, possibly at his funniest.
0,this is a terrific debut effort.  the songs are powerful, God loving.  Vocals do sound like coldplay sometimes but the songs/arrangements are too good not to buy this and hope for more soon!
0,After a 24 year absence since "Monolith", to say I was curious/excited about a new Amebix disc was an understatement. This is not the Amebix of old, this is a gigantic leap forward. After such a lengthy absence the group has grown musically. The band marches on bringing the "Amebix Sound" into the 21st century. To pick a favorite track would be most difficult, as they all are a part of one.	If you have been a fan since the early days or are just recently aware of them now through such bands as Neurosis, etc, this is one of my picks for album of the year. Grind on...
0,I got this at Hot Topic for 8 bucks!! I really got it for the first cd. Dont get me wrong, the second disc is good but I like the first better. Anyway..one issue..why were GC and SP on the Warped Tour? They are not punk at all. Anyway, great cd..!) YEARS!!
0,Great buy,great seller fast del. Thank you!!!
0,I remember when this first hit. Smells like Teen Spirit was huge and the old geezer that I am still loved. I bought this particular CD for a great-nephew that had recently discovered him.		Cobain's tragedy was horrendous, but the music he left behins is finding new audiences.
0,If you are a Leon Russell fan, you must own this album.. I am wearing it out!!!
0,Item arrived Early--Arrived as described
0,Great CD.
0,You can't go wrong with Hurricane - if you want furious and strong rock and roll this is your band - this album doesn't disappoint - it's a powerful album of rocking vocals with a fantastic backing band - wish they'd put out more albums.
0,CD is very good
0,A++++++++++++
0,Fantastic singer, Fantastic album. Deserves 5 stars. She has made it to the top. She will be there for a long time. You go Girl...
0,im not a huge country fan but this is one fun album. the music is fun patriotic and up beat its pride of America which makes it even better i think everyone proud of the USA can relate to "Have You Forgotten" though my personal favorite is Tennesse River Run.
0,I must confess, I knew very little of Enya's works, but I bought this CD, anyway, and am I glad I did!  This young lady has an exquisite voice, and the back-up music will blow you away.  The whole disk is a delight, even if she does one of the songs in Latin and a few in Gaelic.  Who cares about the words?  The music does it all, trust me!  I was just carried along on waves of delight until the last song.  That one just blew me away.  It was the cherry on the sundae, so to speak.  It is a chorale version of "Silent Night" in Gaelic, and is so hauntingly beautiful it will send chills down your spine.  If you don't have this disk, then do yourself a massive favor and buy it!  You will not be sorry, I guar-on-tee!
0,Besides being a tongue-in-cheek TV series produced by Canadians and acted by Canadians-pretending-to-be-Americans judging Canadians and filmed in Toronto (supposedly Chicago), Due South had an amazing roster of Canadian musical talent spanning generations. This is the more "Due Southy" of the two soundtracks, and there was plenty more great music that never made it on the DS CDs.	This first "Due South" soundtrack features some lesser-known (to Americans south of the border) Canadian artists such as Kashtin (Quebec First Nations group), Klaatu, the Northern Pikes (who recently reunited), Figgy Duff, Blue Rodeo and the Holly Cole Trio, Paul Gross (Benton Fraser/director and exec producer of last two seasons), along with Sarah McLachlan and The Guess Who.	The songs featured range from whimsical (Calling Occupants of Interplanetary Craft), folksy (Due South Theme, Bone of Contention, Figgy Duff, Ride Forever), native (Akua Tuta), and rock (Possession, American Woman). There are also snippets of the original score (Horses, Cabin Music featuring bad boy fiddle virtuoso Ashley MacIsaac, Victoria's Secret, Inuit Soliloquy, Dief's In Love) by Jack Lenz that capture Fraser's yearning for the silent white north of his childhood, piano driven, wistful laments on lost love, action sequences....this is a Canadian soundtrack at its best. It is the essence of "Due South" on CD. This is also more family-friendly than the second "Due South" CD that features adult language and some very dark songs.
0,Busoni is back. In the last 12 months we have had a new recording of his early opera Die Brautwahl from TELDEC, a sensational new recording of his awesome Piano Concerto from Hyperion, and now the first complete recording  of Doktor Faust. If you already own the 1969 Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau  recording (DG), this new production is still worth having. The extra  material is interesting and in general this is the more fluent reading. The  cast is good (Henschel sounds like DFD's younger brother) and the  conducting very competent. I liked it so much, that I have already heard it  twice!
0,One of the greatest live albums of all time.
0,very nice
0,This DVD is prob. my favorite music DVD. Eric Clapton was such a great guitarist for an example his 1990 and 1991 tours were his best years ever. I love listening to Eric Clapton expesically this DVD titled 24 Nights. I bought this in Fye music a while ago I was suprised how great the format on this DVD was it goes from Claptons band, Blues Band, 9 Piece Band, to the final Orchastra Band. The segments on the DVD are great some of my favorite songs on this DVD are White Room, Sunshine Of Your Love, Bad Love, Wacth Yourself, and Bell Bottom Blues. Also there are alot of special guests that are featured on this DVD some are Buddy Guy, Robert Cray, Phil Collens, and many others. I think this is the best Clatpon DVD release yet the music is the best part its interesting listening to the 9 piece band and the orchastra band with Clapton the music though went 100%. I was mad when I read other peoples reviews on this DVD saying it sucked and giving it 2 stars they are so wrong don't read reviwes that will make you change your mind on to buy this or not I know for a fact this is a must have for anybody I am a guitarist, and a classic rock fan I know what the real music is about. So 5 stars it is with the best performences at The Royal Albert Hall Eric Clapton 24 nights. Was this review helpful to you>?
0,This is very brutal stuff, but I love it. It seems the main purpose for the first 2 tracks is to wow listeners with unparalleled brutality. Spread throughtout the album are egyptian-like tracks/intros(thats the best I can describe it), as that is a big part of Nile's thing. "Ramses bringer Of War" has the coolest intro to a song I have ever heard.  Track 7 is all egyptian stuff, and it is really cool. This is a great album. Very Brutal, as well as very epic with the egyptian side. This is a short cd, only about 33 minutes, but it is great.
0,After the opening 80s heavy rock salvo, Tom Keifer proceeds to give us a great demonstration of what a rocker really is.  Following an homage to rock country, something 80s rockers seem to be doing as of late, in The Flower Song, the rest is pure rock `n' roll.  The scream tells us that Keifer is still ready to rock even if his vocal chords don't always agree.		A moment to point out that Keifer lost his voice after the last Cinderella tour, had several surgeries, plus a divorce and the loss of his mother to cancer.  None of the surgeries seem to help.  He finally discovered that he had nodes on his lungs (successfully removed) and a permanently paralyzed left lung.  He relearned to sing after his bout with depression and started writing.  He wrote for nine years, and toured off and on with Cinderella.  Finally, he realized that us rockers are not dancin' `gently into that goodnight'.  So, with the backing of his second wife and his daughter, he fought through his vocal lessons to record his first solo album.		Every number is a fine rocker and does Keifer's voice justice.  No one can tell he has to warm up for hours before singing.  I would like to say I found one bad song, but I didn't. (What true music lover isn't looking for that `one' song to solo out and complain about?)  It sounded so good the first time, I played it straight through again.  And then proceeded to listen, just one more time, to my `already' favourites: Solid Ground, A Different Light and The Way Life Goes (and he oughta know).  I love the way he turns Welcome to My Mind, into min-duh!  Hey, I feel that way about my crazy thoughts, too!  Duh!		Keep rockin' whenever you can, Tom, and blessing all your fans with more, more, more!	God does groove in mysterious ways, my friend.
0,Still Euge, is well still Euge! Great album, have not stopped playing since I bought this!
0,Favourite group, excellent quality,arrived earlier as I expedted
0,This ep kicks butt.  There are a couple of songs that feel a little experimental, but overall I think it's quite good, particularly since this is the beginning of their career.		It's not Funeral, but something unto itself.  You know it's AF by the sound but is a different entity than Funeral.		Get it !!!!
0,It's great to find these old albums, that I had as 8 tracks.
0,Meatloaf's 11th album a now, the last 4 consecutive release without Jim Steinman writing and still puts out a album only Meatloaf can! A voice that will still bring the Bats out of hell with great songwriter's along this time, Jon Bon Jovi, Desmond Child (A recent Meatloaf mainstay and genius in his own right!), Rob Cavallo (also producer0, and "Meat" himself. Masterful numbers I can't simply call songs, they are more like movements, intertwined with pure rock songs. Back singing better than ever is the great Patti Russo, along with guests, Brian May (of "Queen), Steve Vai, Jack Black (actor and one half of the fabulous Tenacious D), and Pearl Aday (Meatloaf's daughter and long-time background singer)	  A great album. Not his best but for a man who just turned 64, I hope I can hold a flame to his integrity and passion when I'm 64! (Pun intended!) Thirteen great songs, with a fourteenth available on MP3 at hangcoolteddybear.com. I never have missed a new Meatloaf album since "Bat Out Of Hell" and his last 5 have been his best!
0,I like this group because they have talentedrappers like bizarre which i love. I hope he does a solo album cuz i love his lyrics. If u want to hear good rap than get this.
0,Gosh, we still buy cds and have Prime memberships... Nice to pick this up before we stop being Prime members. Case was cracked.
0,Every track in this performance is a gem Some of the best Farlow I've heard while Norvo, as always. sparkles. Surprisingly Mingus is much reserved, but really holds the group together. The group swings mightily on Denzil Best's MOVE while SEPTEMBER song is a classic rendition.
0,Considered not only the finest live album by Rush, but the finest live album by any artist, Exit...Stage Left shines like no other.	Rush shows  how their musicianship has evolved and improved since their first live cut  (All the World's A Stage).	Tracks from their finest CDs to date appear  throughout this exceptional collection, and some outdue their studio  counterparts.	Case in Point: YYZ. The studio version of this incredible  instumental was fantastic.  The live version is unreal. Neil Peart's drum  solo is...impossible.  How one many can generate so many sounds still  boggles the mind.	You have to hear (and feel it - subwoofer up to 12) to  appreciate it...and even then you'll be left speechless.	Every accolade  Rush receives is well deserved as this spectacle proves.	Crank it up!
0,Japanese avant-pop-trippist Cornelius (real name: Keigo Oyamada) had a hard act to follow after 1997's "Fantasma," an electronic masterpiece. But "Point" doesn't disappoint -- it's more experimental, spacier and almost hypnotic, a twist of rock, experimental electronica and dreampop.		"Point of View Point" may be the highlight of the album -- sharp guitar strums overlaid by some intermittent blasts of drums, an eerie bright hum and "left/right/left/RIGHT!" It's lush, sunny and memorable, and the sort of pop that sticks in your head -- in a good way, like a trippier version of the Beach Boys or Beatles.		There's a wildly different sound in "Smoke's" a bouncy funky groove and "Drop's" a strummy pop. Shifting the tone is "Tone Twilight," a dreamy slow pop song with an ambient touch. Then Cornelius does an about-face in "I Hate Hate" with a spray of abrasive electronics leading to some aggressive, bombastic electro-rock.		Rock. Trip-hop. Ambient. Blues. Lounge jazz. Funk. All are woven into this album, along with some wicked vocal samples and a sprinkling of experimental sound effects. All of this to apparently illustrate Cornelius's thoughts on nature and machines, clashing and yet musically intertwined.		The guitars and drums are absolutely brilliant -- one moment they're bluesy, then bombastic, then gentle acoustics. Laid over the basic bones is an array of electronic music -- the wavy wails of "Another View Point," discordant spray in "I Hate Hate," or sparkling blips of "Brazil." But Cornelius knows when to put the electronics in the backseat and just let the instruments take over.		He also takes it one step further by laying in samples like falling water or singing birds. The birds especially show up in the two-song cycle of "Tone Twilight Zone" and "Bird Watching At Inner Forest," which sound like a rainforest soundtrack. And the vocals are inobtrusive. It's not hard to hear them, but the vocals are so submerged in the mix that they sound almost like another instrument.		Cornelius shows again that he's a master of avant-pop in "Point," a worthy follow-up to the outstanding "Fantasma." Beautiful, eerie, and fiery, this is a definite keeper for indie-electro fans.
0,this is a nice comeback record for gwen stefani. i like her. she is pretty good. 4 stars for some fillers on it bu overall a nice album in the collecton.
0,This is one of my favourite Stevie Wonder Albums circa 1972.		For those into the era, the early 70's had a whole lot of FUNK about it and this album is there with that feel good feel, but it also has that powerful message that Stevie Wonder seems to deliver with ease.		This album has a message.		'Big Brother' could perhaps be one of Stevie's most under rated tracks.		The album goes up and down in pace and mood, it is a broad cross section of flavour from funky 'Tuesday Heartbreak, superstition, big brother...to the more melancholy	tones of 'you and i' 'blame it on the sun' 'looking for another pure love'.		Thanks Stevie, i am a huge fan of this album + innervisions and all your works...I love the early recordings too with Stevie on harmonica and bongo drums before his voice had broken...		really enjoyed seeing you live in Australia in the 1980's.		Just watched an epic youtube video with Stevie jamming with Prince!		Keep making incredible music mister Wonder.
0,I don't care that the producers of this have finally fesse up to the fact that most of the principals voices were dubbed.(although I don't understand why Rita Moreno(Anita) was.  This is far and above one of the best  soundtracks ever issued... I have worn out my old vinyl copy over the  years,and love the newly remasterd edition.  I am glad that the overture  and epilogue were added to the remastered edition.  Yes,I have owned both  the OBC and this editon....  Super recording!
0,Thanks for the CD.
0,great
0,fun music to listen to, love their videos, big fan, i wish they sang more songs in  English, specially their slow songs, they have great  singing voices , quick delivery, good price.
0,LEANN PUT ALOT OF EFFERT INTO MAKING THIS CD!IT REALLY GET`S YOU INTO THE SPIRIT OF CHRISTMAS!MY FAVORETE SONGS ARE,"A DIFFERENT KIND OF CHRISTMAS","O HOLY NIGHT",AND"CHRISTMAS SONG".THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST CD`S LEANN RIMES HAS MADE OVER THE YEARS,AND I THINK LEANN DESERVES A BIG ROUND OF APLLAUSE!AND JUST SO YOU KNOW,DON`T FORGET TO LOOK FOR LEANNS NEW CD,"THIS WOMAN",IN JANUARY,2005!ALSO,I RECCOMEND YOU BUY THIS CD AT TARGET,BECAUSE IT CONTAINS AN EXTRA TARGET EXCLUSIVE SONG BY LEANN CALLED,"SANTA BABY"!DON`T FORGET.....GET THIS CD!!!!!!!!
0,Every time I listen to this I have to remind myself that the trio	from Washington state were only 16 when they cut this album. In their younger years they managed to create one of the most progressive records of the last few years. Their music is like an incendiary bomb that explodes in your face. Three distinct guitar parts (although there is one guitar player), intricate meters, and never dull.		Let me know if you like/dislike the review, or don't. Thank you.
0,When the Cd Edition of Archives Vol 1 arrived , I found only two discs had glue. Used Eucalyptus Oil With a soft cloth to remove the glue, and then  cleaned the discs using a Pro Optical disk cleaner. - Making the cleaning not an issue.	Amazon's price is more than reasonable. - Making the price not an issue.	Neil Young was quite open about Blu-ray being the format for the Archives Vol 1, not making  the Cd Edition of Archives Vol 1 a Boxed Set.	There is big improvement in its remastering in sound quality - even over the Japanese Remastered Imports.	The photos, press clippings and Artwork on the box and inner sleeves gives the whole package a depth. Adding  to the whole experience.	The packaging could have done with a little more thought in how the disc where stored. - Snappers Classic Series of Porcupine Tree Albums is a perfect example how it can be done .	This music has make my life a better place to be, which makes the Archives Vol 1 to me as a whole package, priceless!	A five star rating really only belongs to the blu-ray verision, because its the only format that gives the word Archives its defination as a an experience.		The only real issue I have is the 1 & 2 star reviews. - Says more about the reveiwer than the reveiws itself.
0,Haunting and Beautiful, highly recommended.
0,Whitney Houston was the best!  She will always be missed!  Thank you for her music, this is a great CD!  Whitney Houston is one of the world's greatest artist.....gone to soon!!!!
0,if you like good rock, you will love this. many artists are featured doing what they do best .. and sir paul got a grammy for his effort
0,I'm not an expert on TD, but I know what I like.  Other reviews have complained that this is a live album with overdubs added, as if this is something to complain about.  Personally, I'm more concerned with the overall sound and feel of the album.  And may I say IMHO, I love this album!  Let's face it.  Many of their studio albums had overdubs and double tracking etc., and that is not necessarily a bad thing.  Those practices became very common in the '70s.  So, these guys took a live performance and added some overdubs to make a more entertaining album.  That's perfectly okay with me!  You're not going to hear this music on any other album!  This is Ricochet!  This is it, baby!  The album sounds great!  It drifts into some more discernable melodies than some of their earlier, more spacy works.  Still, it maintains the basic spacy, ethereal, exotic, gloomy maybe a bit spooky, obscure qualities that made them famous.  Synths, sequencers, maybe a quick bout with drums here and there, computerized music....a little piano and electric guitar thrown in for good measure.  TD purists may put it down for not being a 'true live album'.  That means nothing to me.  This has the spacy, spooky obscurity of TD's earlier stuff, with some melodic tendancies.  This is a pleasant TD album, and an exquisite listening experience.  And isn't that what listening to music is all about?  At least for Tangerine Dream fans?  If you're a TD fan, this is a good pick.  But if you're just a snob, well.......
0,The original version of Turn of the Screw, featuring the fluid tenor of the composer's lover Peter Pears, is still the stand-out.  Based on a Henry James novella, this ghost story probes a very current theme (one found in the film L.I.E. or the Catholic priest sex scandals):  man-boy seduction.  Pears' character Quint (a musical pun on its use of fifths), the libretto implies with typical British indirection, had sex with the boy Miles.	Even from beyond the grave, he continues his seduction with the honeyed words of librettist Piper and some haunting mellifluous melody by Britten.  Miles' sister Flora is suffering a parallel seduction by salacious nanny Miss Jessel, which is less compelling, perhaps because it's less dear to James' or Britten's "haunted hearts."	The children's governess, a prudish Pollyanna, is horrified as Miles and Flora begin to seem autistic, listening to other voices only they can hear.  Miles utters blasphemies as church bells ring, a sign of his influence under a pagan and pederastic seducer.  The showdown comes at the end when Miles dies inexplicably.  Morgan of James' short story "The Pupil" dies in this way too; for Henry James, then, the tension of oncoming pedophiliac consummation is mysteriously fatal.	Tension and mystery pervade Britten's score, but so does the detached melancholy of the inevitable.  Britten whisks us through a kaleidoscope of emotions in this atmospheric chamber opera--The governess' nervous anticipation before meeting the children, her excitement upon meeting them, her numbing fear that all is not right at the manor house Bly.  The boisterous group recitation of Miles' Latin lessons transforms into the boy's solo lament "Malo."	Britten's melodies all over this opera are as catchy as pop song hooks.  It is the best contribution England has made to a largely Italian art form.  Its tension, horror, and otherworldliness are strangely addictive.  The way Britten uses strings to mimic a horse-drawn carriage or piano to darken Mozart under Miles' fingers is brilliant.  This is a brooding masterpiece that rewards muliple listening.
0,--Josquin des Prez--	Josquin des Prez was one of the greatest Dutch composers. Born about 1450, he worked through much of his career in church positions. A student of Johan Ockeghem, a Flemish contrapuntist, he developed this considerably during his career. A singer in papal choirs under two popes, Josquin also spent time in Florence and Burgundy. One of his star pupils wrote a book of music methodology in which Josquin is described as 'princeps musicorum'. Josquin's contrapuntal style differs from straight polyphony in points of emphasis, but were universally admired in his time, and continue to be used in churches to this day. Josquin died in 1521	--L'homme arme--	This is a very popular Renaissance melody upon which dozens of masses were set in the period.  There are two by Josquin des Prez alone.  The earliest sources of the tune come from the fifteenth century, by which time there were already half a dozen masses composed using this idea.  The rough translation provided is 'Fear the armed man; word has gone out that everyone should arm himself with chainmail coat of iron'.  This might have been inspired by the crusades.	--Missa L'homme arme super voces musicales and Missa L'homme arme sexti toni--	These two mass settings are very different.  The first, super voces musicales, repeats the melody line form L'homme arme frequently.  It is a bit more 'old fashioned' than the later mass, which adopts a major key.  The later mass, sexti toni,  incorporates more voices - it ranks among his most accomplished pieces, reminiscent of Palestrina and Josquin in many ways (Peter Phillips even makes a comparison to the modern composer Philip Glass for the minimalism in the final Agnus Dei, but don't let that scare you).	--Liner Notes--	Being internationally acclaimed, the Tallis Scholars' CDs typically present their commentary and texts in English, French, German and Italian; that is true of this disc, including a musical setting of the anonymous chanson L'homme arme on page 16.  The cover art also typically represents visual arts contemporary with the compositions - here it is an illustration from the Livre du Cueur d'Amours Espris, from the Austrian National Library of Vienna. One drawback is that there is little information on the Tallis Scholars or Peter Phillips in the booklet.	--The Tallis Scholars--	The Tallis Scholars, a favourite group of mine since the first time I heard them decades ago, are a group dedicated to the performance and preservation of the best of this type of music. A choral group of exceptional ability, I have been privileged to see them many times in public, and at almost every performance, their singing seems almost like a spiritual epiphany for me, one that defies explanation in words. Directed by Peter Phillips, the group consists of a small number of male and female singers who have trained themselves well to their task.	Their recordings are of a consistent quality that deserve more than five stars; this particular disc of pieces of Josquin des Prez deserves a place of honour in the collection of anyone who loves choral music, liturgical music or Gregorian chant, classical music generally, or religious music.  The music on this disc was originally recorded in 1989 at the Church of Sts. Peter and Paul, Norfolk, one of their favourite recording sites.
0,If you're looking for REAL heavy metal and if you are sick of that old fake crap (Megadeth, Dream Theater, 80s Metallica, Iron Maiden, Opeth, Queensryche, Borknagar etc - basically any of the clowns that only posers with no taste praise) then look no further. They show other talentless poser "metal" bands that solos suck and when they actually do solo - they do it better than any of those losers in the 80s. They show unknown posers with guitars like Malmsteen, Satriani, McLaughlin, Michael Romeo etc how to REALLY play an instrument. When I listen to this I feel soooooo deep. Like Amy lee, I am a tortured artist and too complicated and intelligent for the world to understand. That's why I'm anti-authority and anti-mainstream. Thankfully MTV caters to rebels such as myself.		LONG LIVE METAL!!!!1
0,I note that there are already 18 customer reviews of this 2-CD album, and they unanimously deliver 5 stars!  That seems a rather unusual occurrence, but upon listening I find myself in complete agreement.  So why do I write?  I want to comment on a few specifics not mentioned by the others, but which I think may be helpful to anyone considering buying the album.		First, let me give a rundown on the forces employed in each of the 56 presentations here.  Specifically, I will show which are sung a capella, which are sung with organ accompaniment, and which are organ solos.		For CD #1 the a capella pieces are tracks 1,2,5,6,8,10,12,14,15,17,18,19,22,24, and 25. That's 15 altogether sung a capella.	Those sung with organ accompaniment are tracks 4,7,9,13,16,20,21,23,and 26.  That totals 9 sung with organ.	Organ solos, played by Richard Marlow, are tracks 3,11, and 27. That makes 3 organ solos.	It should be noted that some accompanied pieces have sections performed a capella.		For CD #2 the a capella tracks are 1,2,4,5,8,10,11,13,14,16,19,20,22,25,28, and 29. That's 16 sung a capella.	The tracks with organ accompaniment are 7,9,12,17,18,21,23, and 26. That's 8 sung with organ.	Organ solos are tracks 3,6,15,24, and 27. That's 5 organ solos.	Again, some accompanied pieces have a capella sections.		From the above it is clear that most of the songs are done a capella, nearly twice as many as those accompanied by the organ. Organ solos are relatively few. To be precise, taking both disks together there are 31 songs done a capella, 17 done with organ, and 8 organ solos.		I should mention also that there are a few passages for solo voices, and though some seem a bit better than others, all solos are quite well performed.		The current choir, formed in 1982, is a mixed group (SATB) consisting of 24 choral students  Unlike some earlier dispositions, it contains no boy choristers.  (Women are now admitted to the college.)  The group is obviously well-trained, performing difficult--and sometimes dissonant--modern pieces in fine style.  The homogeneity of vocal style and the blending of voices are both praiseworthy.		The program of music is exceptionally fine, both in selection of pieces and in their arrangement and performance.  It is a rare gem of music for the Christmas season, a delight to the ear and to the spirit.		I want also to comment on the organ.  The current 1976 instrument by Metzler Shne of Switzerland is the latest in a long series of instruments dating back about 450 years.  Among the previous organs were two built by "Father Smith" [Bernard Smith] in 1694 and 1708 and one by Harrison & Harrison in 1913.  Metzler completely rebuilt the organ, fitting it into the old Smith wooden cases and retaining a core of 7 ranks of fine old Smith pipes.  The instrument now has 3 manuals plus pedalboard and 42 stops, each with its own rank of pipes. There are 4 divisions: Hauptwerk (Great), Rckpositiv (Chaire or Choir), Schwellwerk (Swell), and Pedal.  Metzler did an excellent job of blending the new pipework with the lovely-sounding old pipes to produce a truly beautiful, homogeneous organ regarded as one of the finest instruments in the UK.  Though the previous 32' pipes were not included in the current organ, its four 16-foot stops seem to provide a very satisfactory bass.		The sound of the organ is very rich, sweet and smooth, with colorful reeds and lush flues.  The bass provides a full, soft cushion of sound which makes a fine foundation for the sonic bloom which fills and admirably suits the acoustic of the college chapel.  Its sound mixes well with the choir, yielding a rich and pleasing sound.		The 2 sets of digital recordings were made in the Chapel of Trinity College, Cambridge, in June, 1988 (CD #1) and July, 1993 (CD #2).		I heartily recommend this album to all who appreciate the great old English church tradition of seasonal music-making.
0,This album is just plain fun. It's great to have a nice collection of novelty songs to sprinkle in during a party or when making compilation discs for long drives or just and evening of fun with some friends.		Dr. Demento's collection surely won't be one of those precious "desert island" albums, those must have albums one would never be caught without, but in the context of a complete collection, it's good to have a few laughs here and there.		You'd really have to be a baby-boomer to appreciate the full context of this album as many are from the before the 1970's, still have some fun, why not?
0,After the incredibly crappy Under the Red Sky, Dylan went back to his roots and released 2 albums of old folk and blues songs, this being the first one.  Many critics laughed it off at the time.  It was 1993, and critics were jumping on the grunge bandwagon.  They should have been listening to this album, which has a ton more depth and substance than most grunge bands combined (except for Kurt Cobain/Nirvana, who was a real artist).  Dylan is really at home here, taking you on an epic journey (the album, like most of Dylan's best work, runs nearly an hour).  The opener, Frankie and Albert, is one of those great story folk songs.  I love the cover of Sittin' on Top of the World, an old blues standard that was covered on Cream's Wheels on Fire.  Dylan's version is far superior to the Cream one.  The song Tomorrow Night is a wonderful ballad, with an achingly sad Dylan vocal and a wonderful harmonica solo.  You Gonna Quit Me is a great telling of a classic blues song, but my favorite has to be the closer, the epic Froggie Went a Courtin'.  I remember hearing this song on a Tom and Jerry cartoon (seriously!) of all places.  Dylan does the whole song (6 1/2 minutes or so), and it's funny, moving, tender, and silly all at the same time.  It's a great cover version, and I don't think I'll ever hear another version as good as this one.  The follow up blues/folk/acoustic album, World Gone Wrong, is even better than this one, but this one is magnificent on its own.  It's vastly superior to the previous album (Under the Red Sky).  I'm glad Dylan took a break and didn't force himself to write another mediocre album like Red Sky.  This is a superb addition to the Dylan universe...
0,great album from start to finish , new stories of lily allens life will make you laugh and think,all tracks are good as simple as that.
0,Great fkn album
0,Never owned this before but has some great Christmas tunes I knew and with the low price for the used CD I bought it.
0,Nice recording for die hard fans!! They totally rock out and give you a taste of some real down south cookin on guitars.
0,You know you have an excellent album when you can just stick it in the cd player and let it play the entire way through--you also know it's excellent when the songs quickly get stuck in you can't go a day without listening to at least half the album. These characteristcs all hold true for Sam's Town.		A lot of the album's appeal comes from the catchyness of the songs and the moderately different style of the music as a whole. Flowers seems to try out new singing styles, like wavering his voice, making it sound similar to The Cure's Robert Smith. This new effect adds character to the songs and makes them more interesting in general.		In all, the album does seem to have a greater sense of maturity over Hot Fuss but one thing is for certain: as good as Hot Fuss was, Sam's Town is better.
0,Thanks to a pre-release concert on TVONE, I was introduced to several tracks from "J-HUD" over a month ago. Though I own Jennifer's first two albums, they were never played very much. However, this special interwoven with an interview by Smokey (the television/radio personality), was right on point to stoke the fires of excitement.	The first song to grab my attention is "Walk it Out" produced by Timbaland. The song opens up with the chorus so I thought it was a cover of a contemporary R&B/Hip Hop track that I wasn't familiar with. It is an infectious track with the right stamp from Timbaland. Unbeknown to me, however, "I Can't Describe (the way I feel)" had been released to radio at the end of 2013. Produced by Pharrell, it recalls the best of Cheryl Lynn. (Pharrell captures the essence of Cheryl Lynn without sounding like a possible controversial "Blurred Lines" again). You can hear chords from "Got to Be Real" while still letting Jennifer's personality to come through. It didn't catch on at radio despite having a music video, etc.	The second song she performed on the special after opening with "Spotlight", her first solo single sans "Dreamgirls", is "Walk it Out". I found myself haunted by the melody and the coolness of the track. It is a bit of a shocker from what may be Ms. Hudson's ballad fan base. She immediately identifies "Walk it Out", with its catchy hand choreography, as this is "J-HUD" NOT Jennifer Hudson's traditional R&B ballad forte'. Sporting a new look with a short hair cut to match her still-in-effect mode, new bod. It all works. The video takes it a step further as she takes it out to the streets of Chicago (probably not the same neighborhood, Hancock Park, where our hip and handsome President comes from.....bordering on flashbacks of the better days of Cabrini Greens, if there ever was such a thing as "better dayz at Cabrini Greens). Jennifer not only dances, but, the salty street language isn't designed to share the same Jennifer Hudson from the Academy Awards, you and your mother may have once enjoyed together.....approach cautiously in her coolest drag.	Pharrell, the Renaissance man of 2013-14, produces half of the album. Timbaland has "Walk it Out", R. Kelly produces the current radio single "It's Your World".	I really like this Jennifer Hudson and "J-HUD" is a perfect post summer album that will have me looking a little foolish with my iPod as I try to discreetly dance under the seats of MUNI, San Francisco's public transit system.	Three singles in already, nothing has locked into radio. All 3 songs have harbored around the bottom end of the Top 30 at, of all formats, Urban Adult radio.	I hope this album finds its audience. TVONE has to re-run that hot special throughout September/October to make up momentum that radio should be setting the pace.	I may not be completely invested the new "J Hud" image, but, for the moment "walk it out with me".
0,This record has so much emotion put into it. Ryan reached deep down inside for a lot of these tracks, it's easy to tell. Very note worthy songs on this record. Definitely worth the buy.
0,Good grief, it's the Wilburys.. how bad can it be?  try purchasing from http://astore.amazon.com/theundeatti-20
0,Back in the late 1980's, a countless amount of hair bands were polluting the radio and MTV and killing the ozone layer. It seemed like there was no end in sight. Until 1991...	There's a reason why this is listed as one of the most influential albums ever released. Sure, the music might sound simple at first listen, but listen harder. Kurt Cobain is pouring his heart and soul out in this recording (and all of his other ones) for everyone to hear. He was telling the tale of Generation X: the long-haired, moody, grungy teenagers who just stopped caring. And he described them to a T. Which could be why "Smells Like Teen Spirit" sparked a revolution in 1991: people haven't heard anything like it before on mainstream radio, and were fascinated by the louder, angrier sounds they were hearing coming from their speakers.	But nevermind that. (no pun intended) If you're an alternative music fan, you probably own this. If not, this album combines punk, alternative, grunge with great pop melodies that helped this album sell millions of copies. Every single song on here is good, there is no need to skip over any. Just pick this one up, blast it, and let the good times roll. Total Nirvana!
0,Five starsA very good collection.
0,Those who criticize EIG for 1) Liz' admittedly sometimes flat or even off-key singing; 2) DIY lo-fi "non-professional" sound; and 3) lack of bitchin' guitar solos or hot licks etc. are totally missing the point. Yes, the early 90's indie media over-hyped this one a bit (fueling an inevitable backlash....), but this disc has lasted; while some of the "potty-mouth" shock-value has worn off (it wasn't really the point of the record anyway....just something easy for no-nothings and those who enjoy being offended to latch onto...), the songs themselves remain potent and compelling.		The entire album is suffused with an atmosphere that alternates between anger and melancholy (and after all, doesn't depression manifest itself just as often as lash-out anger in addition to weepy sadness??). The over-arching mood of the disc perfectly captures the feelings of a young woman in her 20's, caught in the in-between gray-area between lingering adolescence and true, mature adulthood; this creates a portrait of a protagonist that feels perpetually lost and bewildered by her circumstances, the path her life seems to be taking, and even by her self and her own motivations and desires.		I have long tried to figure out how a disc such as this (with its semi-lo-fi production, sometimes unwieldy singing, and fairly basic instrumental skills etc.) works so well and has such an impact. Of course, the songs are simply terrific and often pack a huge emotional wallop. The production and performances, while not "professional sounding" in some instances, are imaginative, quirky, resourceful, and totally fit the songs they serve. (As Bob Mould once said, if you just got jilted by your girlfriend and you can manage to sing on-key about the break up, you must not really be that upset by it....). While some find the lyrics overly confessional and the profanities distracting, well, all of this creates a persuasive aura of candor, emotional openness, and realism: most young adults I've known do tend to self-obsess and swear. Girls, too.		In short, the best way I can put it is like this: Liz and Brad Wood worked some sort of magical alchemy that mysteriously turned every factor that should have been a disadvantage or stumbling block into a victory as they recorded these songs and made this disc. Forget the critical indie-hype that surrounded its release, and don't get distracted by the other baggage (including the over-emphasized linkage to "Exile on Main Street."); assess and re-assess EIG on its own merits and you'll recognize a start-to-finish classic, even now 15 years later. Yes, its confusing, inconsistent, messy, sprawling, and self-contradictory; sounds to me like a good description of what its like to live life as a human being.....		We love ya', Liz. Best wishes!
0,Vincenzo Bellini showed early musical promise.  Since his father and grandfather were professional organists for local cathedrals, they new how to get him the right training and exposure.  Eventually, he was commissioned to write a work for the secular stage and his career as a writer of operas took off, with varied success.  This opera, "Norma" is his greatest triumph and it is one of the most demanding soprano roles in the literature.  Bellini went on to write other operas and his last, "I Puritani" while he was in Paris.  There he met with the leading musicians of his day and was appreciated by them.  Chopin even used one of Bellini's melodies in his Etude Opus 25 no. 7 in c# minor.  Though at the height of his powers, Bellini died at 33 abandoned and alone because his landlords feared he might have cholera.  Rossini made his funeral arrangements and was one of the pallbearers.		Joan Sutherland, along with Beverly Sills, Maria Callas, and a few others are closely identified with this the character Norma because of the triumphs they had on stage with this role.  For heaven's sake, Norma is on stage singing half of the first act and nearly all of the second!  There are wonderful arias, duets, ensembles, and her singing with a chorus backup.  It is all Norma all the time!  Does the later role of Wagner's Isolde come to mind?  Sutherland had a strong but very flexible voice that allowed her to perform this role more than 100 times on stage and other demanding roles such as Lucia.  Her husband, Richard Bonynge, a talented Australian conductor does a fine job leading the orchestra here.  When she became a big star, he was always her conductor.		The other female lead of Adalgisa is wonderfully performed by Canadian mezzo-soprano Huguette Tourangeau.  Her voice blends so well with Sutherlands and the famous duet "Miro, O Norma" is exquisite.  Pollione is sung terrifically by John Alexander and he just sounds super on this recording.		So, what is the opera about?  Norma is a Druid priestess who has had a secret and forbidden love affair with the Roman officer Pollione.  She has had two children by him. She is supposed to give the signal for the Druids to attack and throw off their Roman oppressors.  She is trying to find a way to bring peace rather than war.  Pollione has cooled towards Norma and taken up with Adalgisa, who is supposed to be taking her vows as a Druid temple virgin.  Adalgisa feels guilty and wants to break it off.  Pollione is trying to get her to go to Rome.  She confides her relationship to Norma, without naming the man.  Norma is quite sympathetic and notes that she has not yet taken her vows.  Then Pollione appears and Norma understands, but Adalgisa turns away from the Roman because of her devotion to Norma.		In the second act, she is almost crazed and is tempted to kill her children by Pollione, but she does not.  (This is a difference between the opera and the play on which it is based: in the play, Norma does kill the children).  Adalgisa tries to remind Pollione of his duty to his children, but he rejects the idea of returning to Norma.		Norma is enraged and her followers are pleased to hear her call to war against the Romans.  During the battle, a noise is heard in the temple.  Pollione has violated their temple in trying to carry off Adalgisa.  Violating the temple brings a sentence of death.  Norma offers the name of a perjured priestess instead, her own.  As she walks to the pyre, Pollione is moved and is full of passion for her and walks with her into the flames.		Why has Norma remained so popular?  Well, it is a good story.  However, if you can find a great singer for the role, the music is wonderful.  Bellini is not a harmonic wizard, nor a contrapuntalist.  However, he wrote great melodies that people love to hear.  And he leaves you with the impression that you can actually sing them, and you can as long as you leave out the hard parts.		What about the sound of this live recording?  This does not sound like a studio recording, but it still sounds very good, especially since it is absolutely live from 1972.  Plus, you get the excitement and energy of a live performance.  You get to hear the authentic audience reaction to the performance.  I think it is a terrific recording.		The booklet provides some background on the singers and the performance, but does not have a libretto or even a synopsis of the opera.  I find that very disappointing.  However, you can find this information on the web and you don't have to look all that hard and the disks are offered at a FABULOUS price, so snap it up and enjoy!
0,I always hear that excelence in many aspects is the major foe for the good a well performed things. But this time I will defend Ms Hilary, her tune, and sound is wonderful, may be the Paganini is not an exact copy of the others great Paganini's performers, but is her own version, and I liked so much.		The first movement has interesting things, some of them remember me the Francescatti version, not for simile, for different, in some parts Hilary remember us, that Paganini is a romantic composer		The Hilary's Paganini's Concerto, is her own version, I agreed with the first movement and the second, clear and tonefull, the third movement is like the others that play the great masters. Now I think important considerer her the next great master.		May be for many people she needs to improve many things, I think that she is developing her skills, and adding the life experience that only the years could resolve.		I recommend u adquire this CD and judge by yourself if u like that a young girl plays like the greats maestros.
0,Wondetful! Great music for a dinner party.
0,ab fab
0,Nelson's soft and tender touch does this album and Franz Liszt great justice. However, unlike some, such as our Santa Fe Listener here, Liszt was not all bravado or "hollow showmanship."		Worse yet, calling Liszt the "P.T. Barnum of the piano" without balancing that comment with Liszt's deep philosophical side, or sublimely religious side, or any of the other magnificent sides of this multifaceted gem is not only disrespectful to this ultimate genius and leader of the Romantic Era, but it perpetuates the false claims and ignorance that prevails to this day. As such, I must break in my review here for a moment to address this important issue.		Was Liszt a showman? Yes. But he was also a great deal more, and he just so happened to be the greatest showman of his day, one that could dazzle, yet also lull his audience into an otherworldly veil of paradise, as even Chopin admitted when he said, "I am writing without knowing what my pen is scribbling, because at this moment Liszt is playing my tudes and putting honest thoughts out of my head. I should like to rob him of the way he plays my tudes."		Hence, Liszt was not some shallow, hollow, circus clown--he was the supremely gifted, raw, yet refined, ball of fire and grace that burst out upon his era like Prometheus, giving mankind the fire to scorch and burn, yet also the fire to burn within our hearts, releasing some of the most heartfelt and sincere evocations of the human experience ever to grace the keyboard.		Additionally, that the Marx Brothers, Tom & Jerry and Bugs Bunny all relished Liszt's more carnivalesque pieces (namely his Hungarian Rhapsody No. 2) and used it to great rollicking effect, is a compliment of the highest order, and not some derogatory slur of Liszt's character or talents. Therefore, anyone interested in truly learning more about Liszt can visit my FRANZ LISZT SITE at [...]		Returning to Nelson Freire: what makes this album so gorgeous is that Nelson has wisely chosen a selection of Liszt's works that his Chopinesque fingers could do justice to, all being softer works of the master, save for the Hungarian Rhapsody and Ballade. Nelson manages to handle these two pieces, yet the Ballade does lose some of its vitality, as this piece is meant to oscillate like a placid sea slowly becoming whipped up by an oncoming hurricane. It's like a sea that rises and subsides, alternating between serene calm and rumbling tempest, and Nelson eliminates the menacing maelstrom, opting for a mild storm, alternating with peaceful calm.		Nevertheless, I will not deduct a star because of that, Nelson's interpretation was genuine and deeply felt and not some hack job, and his personal artistry must be taken into consideration and acknowledged.		All the other pieces in this collection, once again, demonstrate the real Liszt that was always hidden in these works, which others too often have maligned with harsh hammer blows or histrionic effects that disregarded the master's score or intent. So, Nelson shines in these pieces and makes the real and hidden Liszt shine as well, and that's a great and timely compliment in this all important Bicentennial year. Liszt often complained how others distorted his works, hence never allowing the public to hear the beauties within, so I'm sure Liszt would be proud of Nelson's recital too. Therefore, sit back with a warm cup of java, tea, or a shot of cognac, Liszt's favorite, and take in the beauty that this peaceful and transcending album offers. Enjoy!
0,This is a 3 CD set Recently released by Not Now, which has been active in gathering together early works by both major and minor artists and then offering them at a low price. What's not to like? Well, this set has 54 selections on it by such stalwart artists as Yusef Lateef, Herbie Mann, Sun Ra, Charlie Byrd, Jimmy Scott, Dizzy Gillespie, Lester Young and many others, mostly in very good sound. There are, in fact, 39 selections I have decided to add to the ipod. It is the rest of the compilation that causes me to drop my rating to four. First off, the cover clearly says the music dates from 1957 - 1962. When you read the very very fine print inside however you learn that more than a dozen selections were actually redorded in the 1940's and feature sound best left on 78's. Tunes by Charlie Parker, Lester Young, Dexter Gordon and others are nearly unlistenable. If you don't mind picking and choosing a bit you will probably find 35 to 40 "keepers" in the set, which is still a great bargain, but I would have been happier if the picture of these CD's gave correct date range and maybe put all the recordings from the 1940's on a separate disc.
0,Look its as simple as this Back In Black is one of the best albums of all time. If you were to make a list it would be in the top 5. This is where new front man Brian Johnson filled in for the late great Bon Scott. Brain was the perfect man to step in and I actually like him better then Bon if you can believe it. This album was a tribute to Bon. "Hells Bells is my favorite AC/DC song its dark and scary. "Back In Black" is the best three chord rock song ever! "You Shook Me All Night Long" is Angus' best guitar solo! "Have A Drink On Me" was a tribute to Bon. There are no flaws on Back In Black! `All killer no filler' Angus' solos are amazing. Malcolm's riffs are great. Phil and Cliff's rhythm is tighter then ever and Brian is amazing as I said. Not a bad song on the album. "Rock N' Roll Aint Noise Pollution" is a great rock anthem. This is AC/DC best album because the band never sounded so good. "Let Me Put My Love Into You" is Brian's best vocals ever! It doesn't get much better then this so pick this up! Because you won't regret it! Believe the hype.
0,This terrific CD has all the tracks from two of Donny Osmond's record albums entitled "A Portrait of Donny" and "Too Young." These songs are great to listen to anytime; Donny makes them all sound special with his natural talent even though he was so young when he recorded these songs. It really shows you just how much genius Donny had and still has! The quality of the sound is excellent and the artwork is very good, too.		There's not a bad track here; and Donny does a fine job of handling so many covers with panache, all the while playing with the tempo and keys a bit to put his own stamp on these numbers. "Puppy Love"is a beautiful start to the album; the lush musical arrangement really helps to make this stunning. "Hey Girl;" "Going Going Gone (To Somebody Else);" "I've Got Plans for You;" "Promise Me" all shine bright in Donny's capable hands; he sings with all his heart and soul and just one listen proves it!		"Let My People Go" and "All I Have to Do Is Dream" are really well done; it's still a pleasure to listen to these songs even all these years later! "Hey There, Lonely Girl" gets the royal treatment from Donny; and other gems include "Big Man" with music, backup vocals and just a bit of percussion to make the whole thing awesome. "Love Me" has that rock and roll flavor while "This Guy's in Love with You" reverts to a slower paced, easy listening type of ballad. "Donna" is truly beautiful music.		"Too Young" is one of my very favorite tracks on the entire CD; Donny really aces this as effortlessly as if it were mere breathing! Of course, we know it really wasn't all that easy; Donny's talent always carries him through. "Pretty Blue Eyes" is very easy on the ear; and listen for more great music like "To Run Away;" the poignant "A Teenager in Love" that Donny covers so well; and "Lonely Boy." "Why" sounds fresh and new whenever I hear Donny sing it; this is very sweet and Donny delivers this without ever letting go of a single superfluous note. "Run to Him" has Donny putting all his heart into this; and there are the two fine closing numbers, "Take Good Care of My Baby" and "Last of the Red Hot Lovers."		Donny Osmond fans really must have this for their collections; this music is all THAT good! People who enjoy easy listening music and pop from the early 1970s will also find many enjoyable tracks on this album.
0,The first four symphonies of Dvorak were rejected by himself as immature and were omitted from his list of acknowledged works. Hence, this symphony was known as No. 5 till 1955. Earlier, his sixth symphony was published as No. 1, Seventh as No. 2, Fifth as No. 3, Eighth as No. 4 and occasionally labelled as 'Pastoral'.	NEW WORLD :  This descriptive title is illuminating for this symphony. First, it sticks in the memory. Secondly, it reveals ethnic negro melodies adapted by Dvorak.	In 1891, Dvorak received a telegram from a wealthy American woman, Mrs. Jeanette M. Thurber, asking him to accept the post of Director at the National Conservatory of Music in New York founded by her some years earlier. Dvorak refused at first as he was reluctant to leave his native Czechoslovakia but was tempted later by the very large salary. When Dvorak reached New York in the autumn of 1892, he was the centre of attention of all musical circles. Mrs. Thurber wanted that Dvorak , who had produced a truly national music based on the folk music of his own country, should show Americans how to do the same thing with their own folk music. A close friend of Dvorak, Henry. E. Krehbiel, wrote that Dvorak held it to be the duty of composers to reflect in their music the spirit of the folk music of the people to whom they belong, not by using those tunes badly as themes, but by studying their characteristics and composing in their vein. Dvorak strove hard in his New World Symphony to reproduce the fundamental characteristics of the Red Indian and Negro melodies which he found in America. Henry Wordsworth Longfellow's ' Song of Hiawatha' made a deep impression on Dvorak as his notebooks show. Mrs. Thurber would have liked to see him make an opera of it but this did not work out. However, a tune jotted down by Dvorak in December 1892 under the heading 'Legend' became the theme of the middle section of the slow Largo movement of the symphony.	Like many nineteenth century symphonies, the New World exemplifies the cyclic principle of connecting the various movements thematically. In the slow introduction to the first movement, there is presented on the horns an emphatic rhythmic figure consisting of a rising arpeggio followed by a falling one.	This recurs as a motto theme in all the later movements. It is answered by a springily rhythmic phrase on the clarinets and bassoons. The second subject is announced on flutes and oboes. Near the end of the exposition, the flute plays a third lyrical tune. This theme carries over into the development. In the recapitulation, the first subject is much condensed and the second is elaborated and there is a coda based on the motto. The repeat in the exposition of this movement has been honoured only by Istvan Kertesz,Leonard Bernstein and Carlo Maria Giulini.	The Largo is made up of two memorable tunes. The first is on the cor anglais and the second is on flute and oboe.	The Scherzo is in the traditional form with a trio. In its coda, the motto theme again occurs.	In the finale, the massive main theme is announced by the horns and later passed to the strings. The second theme is accompanied on the cellos beneath a long breathed tune on the clarinet. The cor anglais tune from the Largo is brought forward now on the flute. A phrase from the Scherzo now comes on the violins and the motto theme as usual on the horns. In the viola counterpoint to this passage, there is a resemblance to 'Yankee Doodle'. Some recapitulation of the finale's own material follows until the motto theme heralds the coda in a grand thematic apotheosis. It is a magnificent work.	The noteworthy readings of this symphony in order are: Istvan Kertesz/London Symphony; Leonard Bernstein/New York Philharmonic; Carlo Maria Giulini/Chicago Symphony; Sir Georg Solti/Chicago Symphony; Arturo Toscanini/NBC Symphony; Jascha Horenstein/Wiener Symphony; Vaclav Talich/Czech Philharmonic; Rudolf Kempe/Royal Philharmonic; Zubin Mehta/Los Angeles Philharmonic; Rafael Kubelik/Berlin Philharmonic; Herbert Von Karajan/Berlin Philharmonic.	The Kertesz set is the definitive for complete symphonies.
0,There are about 3 songs that I really like on this CD the rest are good but not great.  This is an old one but has some good music on it.
0,excelente
0,It's been almost 20 years since I jumped off the Christian/religious band-wagon, but there are still Christian albums that I listen to. The lyrics and messages contained therein no longer have their Christian based appeal (praise Jeebuz) but it's impossible to deny this albums sheer musical chemistry and the artistry on display. The really interesting part about this album for me was that there was very little indication leading up to this that White Heart could deliver such a stunning LP. Their previous work with Sparrowe Records had been very hit n' miss with "Don't Wait for the Movie" often coming off as cliched with the odd hint of some real songwriting power. But it never occured to me that this same band (with a few changes to the lineup) would produce an album like "Freedom". I would consider this album and Michael W. Smith's "I 2 (Eye)" album the two pinnicles of Christian Rock in the 80's or even the present day era.
0,For my first concert Blu-Ray, I picked this, and I feel pretty much any other concert film I see/buy will somehow always fail to live up to this experience.		Seriously. The combination of an amazing performance, vivid visuals and crystalline sound was, in a word, thrilling.		Let me get the technical stuff out of the way.		The Hi-Def picture is outstanding, only having a bit of difficulty during scenes lit in a certain hue of red. Otherwise, the "you are there" feeling is overwhelming. Faces in the crowd, dazzling light spectacles, certain glee-filled glances from Shakira...		The sound is, as expected, terrific. Crowd noise envelopes appropriately...although the filmmakers decide to reign in some of the singalongs so we can better hear the artist herself. Wise choice, as the initial emotional swell, like in "Antologia" is tremendously effective, but you don't want to hear it for the whole song.	The stage has an aural three-dimensionality to it.		Now, the performance itself. Volcanic. I found myself thinking during the show, that I can think of no other superstar that demonstrates such breadth of talent in such a short period of time. She sings, she dances, she plays guitar and harmonica...she does a ballet thing, she does lots of belly-dancing-like moves...some more hip-hop ("Hips Don't Lie") and some more traditional ("Ojos Asi").		She is absolutely engaged with her audience; there is a phenomenal  mutual attraction going on here. Listen to the roar when she starts "Pies Descalzos". That song may not be as well known to her English-speaking fans, but here it will cause anyone who hears it for the first time to seek it out. It will become your new favorite song based on her infectious, enthusiastic performance. It's awesome.		There are some songs that are traditional Latin ballads, other rock out like she's channeling her inner AC/DC.	She hits vocal notes that'll send chills down your spine. One song impossibly has all three..."Inevitable".		There are guest spots that amp up the energy. Alejandro Sanz comes in on "La Tortura" and the place comes unglued. The song is positively molten hot; they have chemistry to burn. Plus, her chest and her hips seem to move completely independently of one another, and you can't take your eyes off of her.		This is not one disc you can leave on in the background while you clean the house or read a magazine. I couldn't take my eyes away from the screen.		Wyclef Jean appears for "Hips Don't Lie", the joyous finale to the concert. Shakira dances with such abandon that at one point, I was worried she would dislocate several major joints simultaneously. The grin on your face will match the huge, glorious smile on hers...		Shakira herself looks absolutely beautiful here, and the cameras take every opportunity to show her off. The number of close-ups on her 1) face, 2) breasts, 3) belly and 4) posterior is a number far too large to fathom, but from this guy's point of view, it wasn't enough. : )		Come on, nobody moves like Shakira, and when those non-lying hips fly around like that, it's hypnotic. And based on the crowd's response, I'm not alone.		She exhibits a refreshing pleasure in the sheer act of "entertaining"; it reminded me a lot of Springsteen actually. It's an unfettered joy of entertaining an audience so completely that the experience elevates itself to a level higher than a simple "I'll play music, you cheer" regular concert. The Rolling Stones know how to put on a show, but you never feel as if they "need" to do this.		It feels like Shakira needs to perform in the same way she needs to breathe. She's a force of nature...		Trust me: you can't WAIT to see this.
0,great
0,With much regret the final cd of one of the best, if not the best group in the world when it comes in to house music, has finally arrived and it was such a soul meal to my ears and heart. It brought back so much memories of my teen years and the hunger I had back then to what now has come a diverse genre of house music. The collection is one of the best I have heard in years from any dance act and if you don't have it, YOU MUST GO OUT AND GET IT!!!
0,It's not easy to be in the position that Fleetwood Mac found themselves in after 1977's Rumours ended up becoming one of the biggest selling albums of all time.  Many songs became radio standards back then and are still familiar to anyone who does any sort of radio surfing these days.  Most bands have trouble following this sort of act because of the pressure to recreate the success.  The problem is that it is impossible to capture the same magic again.  A different type of magic can be bottled, but the great albums are unique.  It seems to me that Lindsey Buckingham and maybe all of the band knew this.  Instead of following Rumours up with an attempt to emulate that record, Fleetwood Mac chose to get more experimental and change up the formula.  The result is their best record.  Rumours is definitely catchier and a record that's easier to sing along with, but Tusk has a depth and sound that is unmatched and was bold in 1979.		Buckingham did a great job creating a different production sound for this album.  His own contributions really stand out as they sound unique, panicked, and fun at the same time.		Christine McVie and Stevie Nicks are hardly absent this time out either.  Both contribute great songs with Nicks giving us some beautiful, understated pieces.  McVie walks the line between pop and lite rock very well here with some moody pieces to go along with great pop songs.		Tusk is not as easily accessible as Rumours but it is more rewarding.  There's so much good stuff here and it has a variety that Rumours cannot match.  Don't get me wrong, Rumours is one of the greatest records ever made, but Tusk deserves to be mentioned in the same breath.		While Tusk was Fleetwood Mac's creative peak its follow up, Mirage, is another underrated gem.  That's the other problem when a band creates something like Rumours, all the work afterwards is often under regarded because of the amazing success of a perfect record.  Don't let that deter you, give them a try.
0,great works....i am enjoying them!
0,FINALLY!!!! A remastering job worthy of this fine album. The overall sound quality and attention to detail are outstanding. If you love this album, as I do, you won't be sorry with making this purchase, especially at this price.
0,I not gonna make this a long review..I'm just gonna say that this is the best Mr. Big cd IMO Paul's and Billy's playing are GREAT on this new cd..The band sounds great and I gotta say that every song on hear is AMAZING..The Japan release has a different song than the Europe version both are very cool tunes..Make sure to add this to your collection for 2011..Great job guys on the new cd.
0,good cd
0,love it
0,Back in the late 1970s, some rock artists embraced a kind of pre-classic rock sound which was akin to the punk movement but without the anger. I imagine that this back-to-basics approach was probably a reaction to the popularity of progressive rock and big-selling stadium acts. Tom Petty, Elvis Costello, Nick Lowe, NRBQ, Dave Edmunds and others all seemed to pull inspiration from the likes of Elvis, Buddy Holly and Chuck Berry. This is the best NRBQ album and is a joy to hear even to this day. From Johnny Cash covers to rocking originals, this disc is an ear-pleaser. I wish more artists would give this sound a try in the modern day. Nonetheless we still have all the old music readily available to enjoy. This one does not disappoint and is utterly timeless.
0,love it
0,DIANE SCHUUR is the real thing !	In an age of media hyped jazz vocalists, DIANE SCHUUR quietly demonstrates how one can beautifully produce & create a wonderful jazz CD without much fanfare and pop interventions.	Her vocals are classy and right on the money.	This CD is destined to be listed as a true classic in the JAZZ arena. It should receive several GRAMMY NOMINATIONS in the Jazz catagory at this year's ceremonies.	Even if you are not a maniac of jazz music, you will fall for the simple production of this CD. The lady is a classy vocal talent. This is a CD that you will play over and over again.
0,Terrific previous album with The Human Condition. Rob Moratti did a heck of a job live and on the album. Hopefully he has a long and fulfilled career in the industry. Now onto 20/20: If you love Trust, Network and especially 10000 Days, you will have to get this album. Really rocking in some parts, reflective in others. Ian's playing is as good if not better than it has ever been. Gilmour's vocals and playing are at it's best here. Very out front. The new drummer Mike Thorne is powerful behind the kit. Great choice. And then we come to the vocals. Sadler sounds very much like he did in 1979. Perfect going low or high. He really treats his voice well.	  Here's to another 20 albums by Saga. What a great album (notice I didn't say comeback). Can't wait to catch the guys out on tour.
0,What I'm trying to do People, is to see if some of the members of the group "Love Sculpture" had stuck with Dave when He went Solo. Don't know! Always been a big fan of Dave, always new he was a Great Guitarist, also played a few times on those TV Late Night Specials along side with Ted Nugent that were totally awesome! Good Album here Folks to build on Your CD or Album Collection with four of my favorite Songs, and here goes, "Sabre Dance", "Farandole", "Think of Love" and "Wang Dang Doodle"! For His Solo effort, "I Hear You Knockin" and "Almost Saturday Night" (written by John Fogerty)! For another Group with the sound of Rock just for idea's, and that's "Ambrose Slade" on Fontana Records! Songs I Dig are, "Everybody's Next One", "Fly Me High", "Knocking Nails Into My House", "Pity The Mother" and "If This World Were Mine"! Kool Band! One More? OK! "Alexander's Timeless Bloozband", just 3 Songs, and that's, "Life", "Rosie" and "Swannanoa Tunnel"! Just to help out on idea's, no votes please. Thanks!!!
0,UMO is currently on tour with Bass Drum of Death. Attend, or regret it forever.		Album? Christian the Lion gives it four paws up. I listen to it on the way to and from work and it helps me forget that I have a job that a robot could be doing. It would also be my soundtrack if I were producing a 70's cop drama with an old crusty "by the book" veteran cop and his hippie rookie partner who has little respect for authority. Both have crazy mutton chops.		For $5 (or more), it's required purchasing/listening.
0,I think Melody Gardot has one of the best voices I've heard in some time. Her songs and lyrics both are very likable and listenable. I like the entire CD and every song is enjoyable. In Worrisome Heart she calls her self a "modern day dame" which probably describes her well. I heard her first on XM radio and went out and sought her CD several months ago. I paid well over twice as much as what Amazon is selling this for now. So pick up this CD for yourself, can't beat the price.
0,Although not a mass-market live album like Once In A Livetime, Live At The Marquee captues some fine performances and is a must-own for the Dream Theater fan. At this point, they were riding on the surprise success of Pull Me Under and Images & Words are were the hottest new prog band on the scene, and are captured hear at a peak, LaBrie and Petrucci in particular. The set kicks off with a rousing, sped-up version of Metropolis and then segues into a killer update on A Fortune In Lies from the first album. The band plays this song with force and skill and Labrie gives an excellent, commanding performance that blows the hell out of the original version with Charlie Dominci. Bombay Vindaloo is a 7-minute impromptu jam session that starts out sounding a bit like Rush's Xanadu, and features some particulary compelling playing from Petrucci and Portnoy. The "Hand" medley is excellent as well, and also improves substantially on the original version, and the set concludes all too quickly with an, as ever, excellent run through Pull Me Under. A fine CD.
0,After listening to this album you can clearly see Canadians have just as much talent as Americans. This album is a very worthwhile purchase. I actually own the imported version of this cd. This woman in my mind defines canadian talent much better than celine dion or the guess who. This is the first female vocalist i started listening to before Madonna or Cher and still one of my favorites. She has an amazing voice and is way HOTTER than Britney. Enough Said.	ALSO keep your eyes open for Shania's new album ariving in the fall. I hope its as good as this one. YOU GO SHANIA! WELL DONE!!!
0,Visiting a friend, I heard this CD and immediately recognized it as more than just the 'party jazz' hit. There is substance here to dig into, a talented performance that will last years of listening enjoyment. Thank you Joel Hoffmann.
0,Max Cavalera has been taking Soulfly in a heavier direction for several albums now, but the last one, Omen, slowed things down somewhat. Now, Enslaved is here to kick everything back into massive overdrive. This CD will cave in a few skulls when unsuspecting listeners pop it in and wait for Max to "go through the motions" with some standard groove metal.  In my opinion, these songs resemble Sepultura's sound more than any other Soulfly release, but it's not a straight Sep sound; you can hear the unmistakable stamp of both bands in almost every song. Cavalera and company thrash it out from one track to the next, refusing to let up for a moment. Even the slower sections crush, like on Legions and American Steel, where the groove is more about head-stomping than jumping around. Combined with their past discography, this album solidifies Soulfly's legacy as a top-tier metal band. Incredible.		By the third and fourth Soulfly albums, the band seemed to have grown comfortable with a familiar formula, giving the impression in their music of repetition and simplicity, which also carried over into the song arrangements. Lyrics kept getting more and more simplistic, songs got shorter, and a certain lack of fire spawned many Soulfly critics who suggested Max was losing some of his creativity. Enslaved puts those notions to rest. Each song is fleshed out; they all feel complete in a way they didn't on Omen, and to some extent, Conquer. Riffs have more drive, new drummer Dave Kinkade absolutely rips it up on drums, and new bassist Tony Campos lays a crushing bottom-heavy foundation. Much of the melody brought by Marc Rizzo on the last few albums has been replaced with pure speed and aggression, though his skills still shine with some choice classical and flamenco interludes. Make no mistake, Max was out to make a statement with Enslaved, and he's succeeded. I'm happy to say this is a full-fledged five-star album for Max Cavalera and Soulfly! For anyone interested, here's a closer look at a few highlights.		Resistance--Short intro track with some Chaos A.D. power-drill guitars and shouted-word vocals.		World Scum--Death metal destruction with Cattle Decapitation vocalist.		Intervention--Relentless thrash assault with old-school sound.		American Steel--Meaty riffing, powerful drumming, and a HEAVY breakdown.		Redemption of Man by God and Treachery--Ultra-heavy speed-groove, with nice vocals by Dez from Devildriver on Redemption.		Plata O Plomo--Old Soulfly tradition of Portuguese lyrics with a stomping beat and great riffs.		Chains--Epic track, over seven minutes, that runs the gamut of Soulfly's metal repertoire with thrash, groove, and even a blast beat.		Revengeance--Max and his sons finish the album with an almost Nailbomb sense of industrial heaviness.		Great bonus tracks on the special edition include the thrasher Slave, which ends with some classic lines from Tribe off the first Soulfly album. Next, Bastard might be the most standard track of the whole collection, sounding like a basic groove-based Soulfly song that could be on just about any release. Finally, the eighth installment of the Soulfly instrumentals is the first to incorporate a violin, throwing an entirely new twist on the spiritual, tribal element for which these tracks have come to be known, and strengthening the overall sense that each musician involved put everything they had into the making of Enslaved.
0,this was once my favorite tlc album(now its 3d). the girls were so creative on this one and it was dedicated to the fans.though i wish left eye was used more on this album,not that it upsets me,but we never got a chance to really know her(well all we know was she was crazy),but like t-boz said,it's a figure of speech.most of the tracks are boring but those that make up this album would be:		SILLY HO		NO SCRUBS		IM GOOD AT BEING BAD		I MISS YOU SO MUCH		MY LIFE-WHICH IS MY FAVORITE ON THIS ENTIRE ALBUM		DEAR LIE		LOVESICK
0,LOREENA MCKENNITT is a multi-faceted musician and recording artist is a gifted writer and performer who focuses on neo-classical folk based on early or pre-Christian themes. Her hauntingly beautiful rendition of Alfred Lord Tennyson's "The Lady of Shallot" (1843) from THE VISIT brings to life the plight of a daemonic lady doomed by her love for the mortal Lancelot; the eternal longing of Psyche for her beloved Eros, and its promise so seldom fulfilled. As with many of McKennitt's works, The Lady of Shallot is woven with strains of ethereal sadness, a mystic musing that succeeds in both charming and ennobling the listener.		<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Book-of-Secrets/dp/B000J233SK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Book of Secrets</a>	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Parallel-Dreams/dp/B0000DI4TJ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Parallel Dreams</a>	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Mask-and-Mirror/dp/B000J233TE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Mask and Mirror</a>
0,sounds good
0,a1
0,this is a great band. I wished I still worked in radio doing promotions, I would love to promote them.  The concert footage is awesome. The surround sound mix is great too. I love these guys music.
0,This boy (or band) knows how to write melodies. I actually got teary. Not as hard as previous releases but awesome none the less.	Beautiful stuff.
0,RZA's second album under his persona of Bobby Digital is a Hip Hop classic IMO. Unlike his first solo album this one has better production and more assessable songs and less skits than on the last album. His production is as good as it was 12 years ago and his skills as a MC have grown greatly. The guest appearances are great also including Method Man, Masta Killa, O.D.B. (R.I.P.), GZA, and Big Gipp. Favorites include Show U Love, Can't Loose, Must Be Bobby, Brooklyn Babies, Do U, Fools, La Rhumba, Black Widow Pt. 2, Break Bread, Throw Your Flag Up, Be A Man, Build Strong , and Sickness. Highly Recommended.
0,The Moments (Harry Ray, Al Goodman & Billy Brown) were one of my favorite soul groups that I grew up listening to in the late 60s & early 70s, and I was fortunate to have seen them perform live in 1973. A very talented group, although very underrated as compared to their contemporaries (Delfonics, Chi-Lites, Intruders), these guys could really sing. This is a nice collection of most of their best hits, but it omitted several of their other great, albeit rare, hits such as: "I'm So Lost", "Thanks A Lot", "Lucky Me", "Somebody Loves You" and "I'll Do Anything". These songs are available on other CDs but it would be great to have a more complete colletion of Moments hits all in one package (at a reasonable price, of course). This collection falls short by adding too much filler towards the end of the CD instead of including the aforementioned songs. But this one should still be added to your collection if you're a die-hard Moments fan. With the full-length 8-minute version of "Sexy Mama" here, that alone makes this CD worth buying. Enjoy!
0,I just recently purchased the 'Shrek 2'  album (as MP3 downloads) because I really liked several of the tracks  on it.  I think the Mp3's sound very nice, and I am very pleased with it.
0,The durable Brothers Gibb kept right on putting out albums into the nineties, including this 1993 release.  Although the trio never matched their massive success of their 70s disco days (at least in the states), they maintained a large following in Europe and had several hits off SIZE.	There are some enjoyable tracks on this collection, which employs the boys' trademark harmonies, astute understanding of dance rhythms and melodic excellence.  Robin's voice still grates on my nerves but when they join voices, the effect can be awesome.	My favorite moment, however, comes with the gorgeous instrumental bridges in HEART LIKE MINE, which compensates for Robin's vibratory vocal.  HAUNTED HOUSE is another highlight, effectively haunting and melodic.  OMEGA MAN is a good contribution from Maurice, spritely and infectious.  The remaining tunes are typically Bgish and professionally performed.  I am probably in the minority but I never cared much for FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS---don't shoot me!  Somehow this track just didn't connect.	While not their best effort, SIZE is a well done and listenable offering.
0,I remember my big brother playing this when I was growing up.  I memorized all the lyrics- having no idea what most of them meant!  Still love the music and the memories it brings back
0,I love this album. Roger Miller is one of the most under appreciated great artists of his era. He is so much more than "King Of The Road". That song is brilliant, but even his most fun and silly tunes still have a magic that only Roger could make.
0,I have been a Korn fan since 1994. Let me tell you something about Korn...First off every one of there c.ds are great. Yes he made a few bad songs. Who doesn't???? I mean Led Zeppelin came out with "All of my love" and Metallica had that abomination "Saint Anger", PapaRoach's music is more softer than cotton now right? Atleast Korn stays to there roots you hear it in Jon's voice, Fieldy slappin his bass, Monkey's riffs. If every CD sounded the same it would be boring. Korn I think is one of the most influential creative bands. They try different things without selling out such as Linkin Park or others. I saw reviews on all there albums and I have to shake my head "They don't sound like there older stuff" OKAY? AND? Even if the album has maybe 9 good songs. Its still good and your still listening to it am I wrong? This is a great CD. Good experiment. In my opinion I have seen bands turn around for the worst. Korn love em or hate em they are HERE TO STAY(haha)and they continue to rock us all and surprise us with every c.d they come out with. You still buy there concert tickets right?
0,I believe I first heard Mona Lisa on Lost Boyz hit single "Renee (remix)"---her vocals really complimented that song. She was also singing on their single "Music Makes Me High". Then, when her single "Can't Be Wasting My Time" featuring Mr. Cheeks came out, I fell in love with it. This is a good album so go cop that disc.
0,bb is always great
0,In 1976 Tom Scholz after a few years of trying to achieve something in the music buisness decided that after his last attemp he was going to sell all his equipement and do something else. He had been trying to make a succesfull band since 1970 basicly just recording tapes in his basement. In 1975 Scholz borrowed Aerosmith's recording equipement and recorded what would be the band's first album. I am sure glad that it turned out to work if not we would have never had the chance to listen to the wonderfull and timeless album that is "Boston".In fact not only did it work,it turned out that it became one of the best-selling debut album with over 17 millions albums sold(if not the best-selling one),but you probably knew that by now. 30+ years latter it is still as good as it was back then and hasn't lost any of its appeal. The band had good competition that year,Fleetwood Mac's "Rumours",KISS'"Destroyer",Aerosmith's "Rocks" and planty of others but managed to be on top with its distinctive sound which attracted both rockers and radio stations. It had a fews succesfull singles and most of these songs are still played on the rock stations even today,right there that should tell you something.		Boston were said to have a sort of futuristic sound and were even marketed as "music trought science" as other reviewers have said. But Tom Scholz has often said that he did not use synthetizers for the album to get the sound,well whatever he did,he made it right! The album was commercial rock yeah,but this stills rocks to me,it just has more melody to it and it attracts a wider range of people. The musicians weren't incredible,Brad Delp did have an amazing voice and they were good but not extremely gifted musicians,still they played very well and everything sounds good,voices,guitars,bass,drums,all! The band does show its influences but it has its distinctive sound right from the start that makes it "Boston".They are one of the rare AOR rock bands that we can nearly all like.		The first tracks "More Than A Feeling" stands out as a true classic of music and you must already have heard this one a lot already. It was the most famous song on the album and it was also the highest ranked single of it. Track two,"Piece Of Mind" is a strong follow-up just when you tought it couldn't get any better! A personnal favourite,very good song."Foreplay/Longtime" is really a song that goes into one other and has perfect balance,amazing once again and at 7:48 its impressive."Rock'N'Roll Band" is the typical song you would find on a debut album,aspirations to become a rock band and all that,but this one is more about how they felt towards discovering the rock stars lifestyle."Smokin'",a good song it doens't really mean much else but then again a song doesn't have to mean anything to be appreciated,its not a standout but I like it to say the least,but compared to all the previous songs its not so impressive..."Hitch A Ride" a slower song with a slight ballad approach,very good showing the melodic side of the band even more,very good."Something About You" a fun rocker,short at 3:48 but very solid and the lyrics are great and everything about the song is catchy! Still this one was the least popular off the album."Let Me Take You Home Tonight",the slower-paced song of the album and written by Brad Delp(all others were penned by Scholz)it certainly has a nice feel,its pretty good. No song,I repeat no song are BAD on "Boston".		We finally get a decent remaster for this true classic which fans had been wanting for year. The 1990 remaster had rather poor sound and therefore did not sound as good,it would be the edition that I would recommmend quality-wise. Yep its been done in 2006 by Scholz himself and it is to note that he also remastered the second Boston album,"Don't Look Back" as well. He did a good job on it too! If my and the other reviewers who were positive didn't convice you,I don't know what would. Maybe the fact that it is a 200 Definitive could convince you. You have all the good reasons to buy Boston's debut album,MUSIC THIS GOOD HAS TO BE HEARD EVERYONE!An absolute five stars,it just can't get much better this,its the best Boston album in my opinion but the first three albums of the band are pretty good and also worth looking at. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED(In fact you should click "Purchase" right now if you don't already have this!
0,In spite of the disappointing exclusion of the song Qu'ran (for obviously politically correct reasons), and disregarding Rolling Stone magazine's completely negative review - I still think this re-issue is worth it.		Some of the newly released songs are good and add to the experimental spirit in which this album was recorded.  Track 16, 'Defiant' sounds like an early verion of what became Jezebel Spirit, using a similar bass line although sounding very busy with the different vocals used. While these new tracks do little to enhance the already exceptional tracklist of the original, they do serve to illuminate the working process with which this album was recorded - all pre-sampling, and pure, simple studio experimentation.		More importantly though, the sound quality is very much improved.  There are sounds and vocal snippets I hadn't heard previously, particularly with the second half of the album.  In fact, Track 8 'The Carrier' practically sounds brand new compared to the original issue.		All in all this re-issue is defintely worth purchasing, If you loved the original release you probably already have this.  However, for those who haven't yet heard this album - this re-issue is worth getting if only to hear a recording that has influenced so much music of various genre's produced to this day - particularly, Rap, Industrial, and even more so with Electronica and House music.
0,THE BAND: Ed Kowalczyk (vocals, guitar), Chad Taylor (guitar), Patrick Dahlheimer (bass), Chad Gracey (drums & percussion).		THE DISC: (1994) 14 tracks clocking in at approximately 59 minutes. A 6-page foldout contains band pictures, handwritten song credits and lyrics. Recorded at Pachyderm Studios, Cannon Falls, MN. Cover art by Peter Howson. Label - Radioactive Records.		COMMENTS: LIVE started back in PA amongst the Amish, the cows & the corn fields. Kowalcyzk sings with an unmatched intensity, conviction and emotion. While other LIVE albums have had only flashes of brilliance, this one wallows in it. Song for song, from "Dam at Otter Creek" to the "Untitled" cowboy song (I call it), this album is awesome. 4 monster radio hits with "Selling the Drama", "All Over You", "Lightning Crashes", and "I Alone". However the deeper album tracks are stunning, rich in melody, and have powerful lyrics... "Top", "Piller of Davidson" and "White, Discussion". No filler. Crisp sound production. Great disc.
0,This is as close as you can get to Sir Paul performing in your own home. It's also a great driving album - particularly "Love is Strange".		Many folks nowadays would give their eye teeth to sound this relaxed in the studio, not to mention this lively. This was recorded at a time when live concert recordings were almost all awful, so give Macca his due - it sounds like he and his pals are right there with you, and they're welcome company.
0,record has just arrived in perfect conditions.	i love music of aerosmith..this album is great and is full of beautiful songs.	many thanks...luke.
0,I'm from Houston, Texas and I will forever love H-Town. Luv the CD.
0,Dave Mason's 1970 album Alone Together is a true gem.  Every song on this album is terrific and worth listenong to.  This was the first solo effort for Mason after years with the great band Traffic.  It was a mighty and worthy effort, and clearly, the best solo effort Mason ever did.  Listen and enjoy wonderful music.
0,In my opinion this is one of the best albums of the mid 90's. Songs such as wonderwall,don't look back in anger,and she's eletric are some of the coolest songs on this album. Highly reccomended!
0,I was listening to his music this morning at work and I received so many questions about the music and who that artist was.  You see I do not play a lot of the loud rap music where I work because it can interfer with the quietness of the room and this instrumental music is a great hit for computer and phone work.  Our troops come to where I work just to hear my varieties of instrumental music and they said that it also helps with their concentration and their phone conversations back home.  I love it and I have ordered many many varieties of music just for them.		You will love it also.  Happy mediation while you listen and chill out.
0,A great album to complete my collection of rock and pop tunes from the 1970s. It seems this decade is largely ignored by most people who lived it. Sure it didn't have what the 1960s had but it is a decade I fondly remember for the good and bad it represented.
0,I am kind of surprised by how much I actually like this album. It is a great pop rock album that you will find yourself listening to many times. Many people say they "hate" Miley but there is really no reason to "hate" her. She has done nothing to you. This album is a pretty good mix of fun and fast pop (7 Things, Fly On The Wall, Breakout, Full Circle) to slower ballad type songs (Bottom Of The Ocean, Simple Song, Goodbye.) There is even a song about helping the environment (Wake Up America.)		My favorite Tracks : 7 Things, Fly On The Wall, Simple Song, Full Circle, Driveway		Bottom Line : Buy this album and hear some great pop rock from Miley Cyrus! :)
0,More great memories!
0,love it
0,Wonderful collection and good recording
0,Most of today's Rap artists need to thank this man for shaping the sound of their genre. This is a classic and should be in the collection of any real rap lover.
0,Great worship
0,Aretha!  Says it all, doesn't it?  There is a reason that she IS the Queen of Soul.  All of the hits are there, plus some that weren't that popular at the time, but still show her range and her gift.
0,Straight No Chaser's latest holiday album is full of brand new recordings by this group and it's all about Christmas. Indeed, this is going to be a terrific stocking stuffer this year! Everything about the track set is brand new except that we get the album version of "The 12 Days of Christmas" instead of a live recording of "The 12 Days of Christmas" that was on their album entitled "Holiday Spirits." Moreover, Straight No Chaser sound wonderful; I could listen to this CD every day and never tire of it! They are exceptionally gifted performers. The quality of the sound is very good and the artwork is excellent, too.		"The Christmas Can-Can" starts the album with a fun tune that has Straight No Chaser squarely in the spotlight and I love the way they do this one to perfection! Great! "We Three Kings" is very well done; and the members of Straight No Chaser handle the tempo and key changes like pros. Other very good numbers include "Christmastime Is Here" which I first heard in "A Charlie Brown Christmas" television special; and "Let It Snow" charms me with its natural beauty. Listen also for "D&oacute;nde Est&aacute; Santa Claus" which adds a lot of mirth to the album and the incredible "I'll Be Home for Christmas" which was my mother's favorite Christmastime song. There are also outstanding renditions of "Rudolph The Red-Nosed Reindeer" and "O Holy Night" while "God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen" gets a particularly creative arrangement to let Straight No Chaser put their own stamp on this classic holiday ballad. "The 12 Days of Christmas" is also extremely well done to the theme of "Africa" which was recorded by Toto.		But Straight No Chaser adds even a few more fun, secular tunes to add a special kick to this CD. I really like that electric "Hey Santa;" "You're A Mean One, Mr. Grinch;" and "Who Spiked the Eggnog?" Excellent!		Straight No Chaser fans will love this holiday album; and this is absolutely perfect for anyone who enjoys a mixture of classic holiday music with songs that are more secular but every bit as special. I highly recommend this fine album.
0,I have owned this CD since its release back in 1994. Tonight I put it in my CD deck for the first time in a while. I have just been reminded of what an amazing masterpiece of an album this is. I have loved it since I first heard it and loved it once again tonight!		The musicianship, the writing and arranging, the sonic quality, the complexity of the music, the UNBELIEVABLE level of professional playing here and everything else you could say about this fabulous record!		If you are a fan of big band jazz and you haven't had the opportunity to hear this record, do not wait any longer! Get one of these discs before you can't. It's already 13 years old but it sounds like it was done current day. It is timeless.		I am surprised we don't hear more about the drummer Cliff Almond. Spectacular drumming here! "Smitty" does a great job too!		Looks like ten bucks buys this here on Amazon. What are you waiting for????
0,I agree with virtually all of the reviewers below. All six symphonies are conducted and played with the kind of gusto and fervor they demand, and the fact that they're old recordings(but successfully re-mastered)and "traditional" interpretations doesn't matter one iota. For me the greatest successes are 35 through to 39. If anyone ever doubted that 39 belongs with Mozart's final two symphonies in terms of greatness, then let Bohm's interpretation of it carry you away. Marvellous stuff. The 40th is done perfectly, but I actually prefer MacKerras's version of the 41st, since he really grabs the opening bars by the throat, whereas Bohm is a little more restrained. That's a very minor reservation on my part though, and the MacKerras recordings are still full price and no doubt will be for some time.	Most importantly, I think this is the only recording of consequence where you can listen to the last three symphonies--miraculous masterpieces all--on one CD, in their entirety, without any interruption. This recording has also made me appreciate the "Haffner," "Prague," and "Linz" symphonies more than I ever did before, mostly because they're usually portioned off and coupled with one of the last three and they suffer by comparison. Here though, they're all together chronologically, and so you can really see Mozart's development clearly and with a great deal of pleasure and appreciation. It'd be nice if DG did one more of these Bohm compilations of Mozart symphonies, taking in the high points of his earlier symphonies, like 25, 28 and 29. In the meantime though, this will do just fine.
0,telescopic comes through with a sound and variety of metal like never before. the lyrics, music, and vocals all stand out, especially the drumming from kirkpatrick. there is not a bad song on the cd. ever since i  heard Vanishing Lessons i have been a HUGE FAN of tourniquet. i was hoping  for  good things , but i never thought it would be this good. great cd,i  recommend it for all who like  power, speed, and heaviness in their metal
0,This album definitely isn't as bad as I thought it would be.  In the City is a great Joe Walsh tune.  Those Shoes is one of those songs I heard when I was younger but never knew it was the Eagles.  Greeks don't want no freaks...not as bad as expected...and Jimmy Buffet supposedly sings backing vocals on it, although can't say I can make out his voice.  The sad cafe is basically, well, a sadder and more personal version of the last resort.  It makes me want to cry into my coffee when I hear it.
0,i saw this band open for Breaking Benjamin @ the starland ballroom in sayreville NJ.  they were the 3rd or 4th opener, i forget what # they were.  what i do remember is how completely horrible the other openers were.  they were all amateurs who were sloppy and unprepared and unworthy of of the honor of opening for BB and playing the ballroom.  Then came Fyleaf.  the music is slightly dissonant, wild, loose and noisy fronted by a female singer who has amazing range.  she can sing and scream with equal prowess. i hear echoes of nivana but yet they are their own.  on stage this band rocked hard and showed it.  they also looked like they were having fun which made the music so much more enjoyable.  they were completely mesmerizing.  when the first note kicked in, i almost snapped my neck turning my head so fast to see what the source was for this beautiful noise.  i ran to buy this cd.  amazing stuff.
0,What we have here is simply the greatest band that Reed has ever assembled in his entire solo career , playing some of his strongest material in an outstanding fiery way. Alongside Reed's ever charimastic performance, mr. Robert 'Voidoid' Quine is in IMHO really the main force at this concert, delivering his trademark blistering guitar solos all over the place, backed by the solid rhythm section of Saunders and Maher. The song selection is very  good, ranging from VU to "Blue Mask", the sound quality is nice and the shooting have an adequate sparse elegance.		Well, folks, this is SHEER PERFECTION for Lou Reed's fans!!!
0,This is one of my favorite yes albums, its great and even though it didn't have jon and rick i thought that gave it a unique flavour, and i love geoff downes from his work in asia and glad hes back in yes, machine messiah is by far my favorite song, when i got the album on vinyl and put it on it blew me away, probably the only yes song i can headbang to. My only complaint about this album is that its too short and that they never recorded anything else under this lineup. I love jon anderson and reconize him as the true yes singer but i prefer the direction of this album to 90125 and big generator (btw i know horn produced those) trevor horn isn't exactly the best singer but he fit in pretty well and geoff downes in my opinion is the best replacement for rick wakeman you could get. Plus cmon the album cover is awesome
0,In the Future is the middle of Canadian band Black Mountain's LPs.  It is a fluid tour de force, as they seemlessly morph between the classic hard rock inflected 'Stormy High' to te folksy-twinged prog rock of 'Angels' to stoner rock riffs in 'Tyrants'.		This album defies easy classification, which is its strength. You never grow bored listening to the restless energy that suffuses each song. The extended instrumentals are often joined by plaintiff vocals that mesh together beautifully. The complexity of the compositions ensure that each time you will hear something new.
0,Radiohead were stuck after Ok Computer, the album that brought them critical acclaim and great album sales. Radiohead didn't want all the fame and acclaim, so whats an isolationist band to do? Well for one indulge almost entirely in electronica and leave behind almost any trace of anything that could be considered mildly catchy and/or commercial. Kid A is an exercise in mood over rhythm, and perhaps even style over substance. Where Ok Computer was already far from mainstream rock, Kid A is leaps and bounds beyond it, even the album cover leaves one with a cold and removed feeling. Yorke's lyrics are even more bleak and depressing and the music itself sounds like it was recorded in a UFO; the core of the band, the bass, drums, guitars and vocals, are saturated in electronic bleepings and distorted phasers. Yorke even publically claimed that with Kid A Radiohead were trying to weed out some of its massive fan base, much as Kurt Coban and Nirvana attempted to do with In Utero. The result was a cryptic, nearly unaccessible record that increased their popularity and was hailed on many "best of" lists. Yorke and company combined the electronica of Aphex Twin and the mood pieces and obtuse art rock of Brian Eno to birth this difficult album, the brass section on "The National Anthem" even brings to mind Captain Beefheart's squealing epic Trout Mask Replica, another notoriously difficult to digest album. This is definitely a step in the right direction, this is in essence what 21st century rock should sound like and I compliment Radiohead for their accomplishment, though I have to say their initial mission has failed.
0,I have always liked the music very much.  I have seen it preformed numerous times.  The movie was very moving and gripping.  The soundtrack is very much the same way.  I really enjoy listening to it.
0,Great collection
0,Waiting For the Sun impressed me.  Even among Doors albums it stands out.  "Not to Touch the Earth", with its lyrics taken from Jim Morrison's poem "The Celebration of the Lizard", will leave you  amazed and speechless.  The B side features four of my favorite of all of  the Doors' songs: "Spanish Caravan", "My Wild Love",  "Yes, the River Knows", and "Five to One".  If you like  the Doors, you must buy Waiting For the Sun.
0,LOVED IT
0,In November 1965, John Coltrane recorded a classic free jazz suite called&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Meditations/dp/B000003N8P/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Meditations</a>. In addition to the saxophonist's longstanding quartet, made up of Jimmy Garrison (bass), McCoy Tyner (piano) and Elvin Jones (drums), Coltrane also brought in a second drummer, Rashied Ali, and the visionary saxophonist Pharoah Sanders, whose love of honked and overblown notes contrasted with Coltrane's more traditional timbres.		But Coltrane had in fact recorded elements of this suite two months before in a pure quartet format, and that's what we hear in FIRST MEDITATIONS, which came to light long after his death. "Joy", here in two takes, is a composition missing entirely from MEDITATIONS, but the other tracks have some interesting differences from the later recording. It's all in all a more sedate affair. Without the twin saxophones driving him on, Tyner's playing in "Compassion" is almost classically balanced. Garrison gets a much more substantial solo (the second take of "Joy") than in the final version.		I have to admit, I find MEDITATIONS such an amazing album that I can't help but view this as a rough draft. However, for those who find the hyperbolic free jazz of MEDITATIONS too much to handle, this is the record to go to after A LOVE SUPREME and may help in breaking into the late style.
0,This is a spectacular record. The songs are so good. If you love Paul Shortino's work in Quiet Riot this one will not let you down. It's really heavy and the only and only Ronnie James Dio had a lot to do with it. He wrote with the band and his wife Wendy managed it. I never knew that until now. The word essay really gives a lot of info. Guitarist Amir is so talented that I just found out that he was the guitarist for the most famous future line of the group Orgy. So friends order this remaster version. It will not disappoint.
0,Can anyone forget this album? This album (as well as Nas' "Illmatic" were the front runners of the year 1994. Christopher "Notorious B.I.G. (Biggie Smalls)" Wallace debuted with this album with the lead single "Juicy". A rags to riches song that still gets played here in 2006. Biggie's lyrical skills were excellent. I hear a lot of rappers (who I will be here all day naming) saying excellent lines that came from Biggie. I think to myself "Damn, this guy said everything".		The album is excellent too. A lot of these songs are about drugs, robbing, and what not. Big was just rhyming about things that he went through before he had a record deal, trying to survive and eat. Who could blame him? "Give Me The Loot" is one of those songs about his struggles (some words were edited in this song. I'm pretty sure rhyming about robbing a pregnant woman was going to gain some negative attention). "Machine Gun Funk" is self explanitory on how a good song it was. "Warning" was a short song and video about people targeting him for his money. "One More Chance" is a great song about how he gets his females. The song would be remixed and made into a video a year later, but both versions sound great.		Guest appearances are only one. Method Man, back when his rhyme skills were phenomonal, would rhyme on "The What". Classic track if you ask me.		Production was by Mr. Cee, and Puff Daddy. True, Puffy might be the "king of beat jacking" and what not, but he did a damn good job with them. The Isley Brothers "Between The Sheets" would be made into the classic single "Big Poppa" was one of them.		This album was pulled off the shelves earlier of this year, because of unauthorized sampling on this album. But recently I've seeing it back on shelves. I guess it got settled. I bought this back in 2003 when it had the origonal white album cover. If you purchased this in 2004, you get the album with a few extra tracks like the more popular "One More Chance (Remix)". And you get the DVD with all the videos that came from this album. This album had a heavy impact in 1994, is a classic and is a must have for any hip hop collection. Most of these songs are rehashed into choppy verses on his postmothous albums unfortunately. But this is where most of them origonally came from. Biggies legacy helped influenced a laundry list your favorite rappers today, who bite his style. That alone should explain how this impacted hip hop. Word.		Rest In Peace Biggie Smalls		Lyrics: A+		Production: A+		Guest Appearances: A+		Musical Vibes: A		Overall: A+		Favorite Tracks: Give Me The Loot, Machine Gun Funk, Warning, One More Chance, Juicy, Every Day Struggle, Me & My B*tch, Big Poppa, Respect, Friend Of Mine, Suicidal Thoughts		Peace!
0,Great purchase Good condition
0,Bernstein's LP recording of the 7th with the NYP is intense and driven, and this later recording with the Chicago Symphony is no less intense. The sound on this CD is superior, and Bernstein and this orchestra seem matched for Shostakovich.  My old Toscanini LP recording of this work is impressive, but Bernstein surpasses Toscanini's efforts.
0,As a long time Band fan I thought Levon's cancer had robbed us all of ever hearing that wonderful tough honest voice of his ever again. How glad I am to be proven wrong. This is a great CD-period! I pray there are many more to come as good as this!
0,Beethoven	Bernard Haitink		Piano Concerto No. 5 for Piano & Orchestra "Emperor"		Murray Perahia - Piano / Klavier	The Concertgebouw Orchestra	(CBS Masterworks - DDD - 1987)		While their performances of the 3rd and 4th were good, in this CD of the 5th piano concerto their performance is magnificent.  This CD stands as one of the best.	This is a Five Star CD
0,Evanescence first hit me with the "not so brilliant" movie of daredevil;and today whenever they say this blind hero's name; i feel so thankfull to him for letting me meet evanescence.		Unfortunetely;Evanescence's Fallen became too famous then they should be. They are a gothic rock band for gods sake;what the hell are they doing among Britney,christina,50 cent and all those other craps from Mtv???		And there it is;i said the only possible thing that i can say about this album;and it it that it is too friendly,too easy to listen that even kids are singing evanescence songs;which are actually full of sorrow and shouldnt be so popular.		Amy Lee is possibly the greatest voice this world has ever heard. am not saying her voice is the most talented or strong one;she obviously has so much to go;but for gods sake;this cant be the voice of a human! From the angry tunes of going under,to a desperate final help call to god in Tourniquet;from the depths of Amy's personal depression of Hello;to the theme of a final facing with death itself in Whisper;Amy's voice takes you up to heavens;where the voice itself belongs;and shows every single emotion lying in her heart from that respective.		Which is why i cant take such a deep band to be so popular. The album is nothing but perfect;i cant find any other ways to tell it cos it made nearly everyone happy;the band,the producers,the real listeners,the boyband lover girls,the kids,everyone. Next time;i'm sure Amy Lee;(and sorry for not mentioning them,every other member of the band;who are as talented as the vocalist herself)will not try to be so perfect,so radio friendly,so "pop"		next time and give her talent to music history and devoted fans, not to everyone..Untill then; i have to share one of the best bands the world has ever seen with the rest of the world..
0,The best album I bought in 2012, was released in 2009: "God Help the Girl" was the project of scotsman Stuart Murdoch, one of the founders of Belle & Sebastian. He auditioned largely unknown singers from all over the world to form a "girl group," to perform songs he'd written, both old and new, with a retro feel to it -- specifically the years 1962 to '72. It's part Shangri-Las, part Dusty Springfield, and part Karen Carpenter. The feel is pitch-perfect, Murdoch's story lyrics are both sharp and witty, and the ensemble of vocalists is sublime. Plus, the "girls" are clearly having a grand time. Chief among them is Catherine Ireton, who sings lead on most of the tracks. But Celia Garcia and Alex Klobouk are also terrific. And Brittany Stallings performs a boffo cover of Belle & Sebastian's "Funny Little Frog." Stuart Murdoch, Neil Hannon, Anna Miles, Dina Bankhole and Asya also contribute vocals to this rarest of recording phenomena these days -- a perfect album!
0,I loved Ladyhawke's first album and couldn't wait to hear her new one.  I was hoping for a continuation of the debut's catchy songs and synthy music, but with more guitars and rock sound.  Well, I got part of what I was hoping for.  This album is more rock, it has a lot of fuzzy guitars.  But the songs aren't as immediately catchy or memorable as the debut.  People are calling this her 90s nostalgia album.  I've never been a big fan of 90s music, just a handful of artists and albums from that era.  This is better than a lot of 90s music.  I can hear a mixture of influences.  She hasn't completely abandoned the 80s.  There are some moments that recall them, sprinkled somewhat sparingly throughout.  I know that if she made another album like the first, some people would be saying she was stuck in the 80s and unable to create anything else.  But her debut was awesome.  This one is good in a different way.		After not being blown away by the first two singles and reading mixed reviews, I went into the cd half expecting to be disappointed, but half still expecting songs like her debut.  On first listen, I was a little disappointed.  Several songs seemed to drag a bit, and there weren't really any big catchy choruses.  Her voice sounds the same, which is a good thing.  There were about 5 songs I liked, and the album's last few tracks are strong.  It made me want to replay it.  It started to grow on me.		Girl Like Me-The first time I played it, I thought it was a little draggy, and not very catchy.  I thought it was weak for an opening track.  But it grew on me quickly, getting stuck in my head during the second and third listen.  It's one of my favorite songs on the album.  It's a cool sounding song. 5/5		Sunday Drive-I had already heard a version of this online and wasn't too keen on it.  I like this song, but I'm not crazy about it.  I think the verses are good but the chorus isn't as strong as one would hope for.  The plunking keys are a little annoying at times, especially at the beginning. 3/5		Black, White, & Blue-I'd already heard this one too, and not loving it like when I first heard Magic and My Delirium.  I like it, though.  It's one of the best songs on the album, with a catchier pop melody. 5/5		Vaccine-This one is okay, gets a little better with repeated listens.  One of the more "90s" tunes. 3/5		Blue Eyes-This song stood out to me when first playing the album.  It's catchy, but it doesn't seem to get much better with repeated plays. 4/5		Vanity-This song is okay also, but somewhat annoying with the repeated "vani-tay, vanitay-ya-ya".  I like the music though.  It's just pretty repetitive lyrically. 3/5		The Quick & the Dead-An album review said this song sounded like Queen's "Another One Bites the Dust" mixed with another song.  When I listened to it, I could hear that, but the song it sounded most like is Survivor's "Eye of the Tiger".  It sounds like a mix of the two.  It's probably one of the biggest 80s nostalgia sounds on the album.  I especially like the "Eye of the Tiger" vibe.  But it's one of my least favorites on the album. 3/5		Anxiety-Lyrically, I can relate a little as I have dealt with anxiety myself.  The music is interesting, and the song gets better with repeated plays. 4/5		Cellophane-Ah, here we have the best song on the album, the type we were expecting on a Ladyhawke album.  Someone compared it to "Heroes" by David Bowie.  As I listened to it the first time, it didn't sound like that song to me.  But I understood their point that it was trying to be an anthem-type song.  It succeeds.  It's one of those songs that sounds like a movie theme, much like "Crazy World" does.  It's definitely THE stand out track of the album.  Even fans who hate the album will most likely love this one song.  It's the kind of song that moves you, transports you to another level.  If only the album had a few more moments like this. 10/5		Gone Gone Gone-This one is catchy pop-rock and doesn't have that draggy quality some of the tracks have.  I liked it from the start. 5/5	It would be a fitting closer to the album, but, there is a hidden bonus song that plays about a minute after this one.  I was so happy to hear an extra song.  It's "Human", a song that someone had said was left off the record.  Surprise surprise, it is indeed here!  And it is a good song.  It's catchy and another little pop rocker. 5/5		If you're looking for a carbon copy of the debut, you will be disappointed.  It is different from what most of us fans were hoping for.  But it isn't bad.  It is pretty good, at times great.  Just take it for what it is...a very enjoyable pop/rock album.
0,This album is awesome. I haven't stopped listening to it since I bought it.
0,It's good, not great a couple songs are better than the album portrays its self to be.	First album is their best
0,Sean Price is 1 of the illest to EVER touch a mic!  Guilty Simpson was a pleasant surprise and Black Milk's portfolio speaks for itself!
0,Many fans of The Zombies may find it hard to believe that this influential and respected band best known for "She's Not There", "Tell Her No" and "Time of the Seasons" only recorded two full albums and a number of singles before breaking up. "Zombie Heaven" assembled by Alec Palao (who lives not too far from my neck of the woods) is a exhaustive collection of the band's two album releases, singles, their legendary "lost" album, BBC shows and demos in a deluxe boxed set with an essay, comments on the various songs by band members and excerpts from the band's history pulled from diary information lovingly assembled for this set.		Palao working with Nick Robbins has remastered these tracks from the original master tapes and, in some instances, also providing true stereo mixes for some songs for the first time. This is an exceptional set. The sound is also pretty darn good for the set. One could quibble about some of the mastering choices but, on the whole, the albums included here "Begin Here" and "Odyssey and Oracle" both sound clearer than ever before.		The booklet is presented on glossy paper and runs about 68 pages providing insight into the origin of each song from the respective composer. This is just about all the Zombies any fan would want.		Highly recommended
0,I agree with the previous reviewers that this record has no redeeming social value whatsoever but, at the same time, it is one of the greatest punk records ever made.  The only downside for me is that, for some reason, the sucky recording and production value of the CD has sapped the songs of most of their energy and power.  If you want to hear the songs the way they were intended, watch the documentary film, Decline of Western Civilization, and hear the music amid the mayham and chaos of the Fear show.  That's the sound the Fear CD should've tried to capture.  Nevertheless, "The Record" is still a great record and a classic of the early L.A. punk scene.  The 45-second Christmas tune at the end is reason enough to buy "The Record".
0,ALL THE SONGS ARE GREAT SONGS.  KEEP UP THE GREAT JOB.
0,SLAYER !!!!!
0,yes, BONDED BY BLOOD is the major classic of the great legendary THRASH band EXODUS....It's a unique beast, because is the only album with the insane vocals of Paul Baloff....This album is filled with THRASH gems like the title track, EXODUS, METAL COMMAND, STRIKE OF THE BEAST and PIRANHA!!!!! I really love this classic, almost in par with REIGN IN BLOOD and MASTER OF PUPPETS....WELL DONE, EXODUS!!!!!
0,I've only listened to the album about... 4 times all the way through.		Interscope's official NIN myspace page had the album up for listening about a week before release, so some of us had the chance to check it out early.		Let me just say right now, you definately need the DualDisc version. Make sure you've got a well-tuned 5.1 surround system and let 'er rip! I'm listening to it in my computer room right now, and let me tell you, *this* is how music was meant to be heard.		Anyways, the album:		This definately sounds like a progression from The Fragile. It's got that "live" feel to it, despite the presence of drum loops, etc. When I first heard "The Hand That Feeds" on the radio, I got really worried that Reznor had stopped experimenting, as THTF was a very by-the-book industrial song with about 4 lines of lyrics and nothing particularly stand-out-ish about it.		I'm glad to say that even that song sounds *much* better in context on the album. The only song I really haven't liked is Track 2, You Know What You Are? It just seems to be noise, which, coming from NIN seems to be expected, but the thing about NIN's noise was... it always had a heavy hook to it. Listen to Broken's Wish, or Downward Spiral's Big Man With A Gun. This one seems to be directionless. But then again, one of my friends likes the song for that exact reason. So, I guess it's in the ear of the beholder.		Two notes:		1) As I said, you DEFINATELY want the DualDisc version		2) There's no content inside the case. None. No booklet, nothing. For booklet info and whatnot, go to [...]		It'll be interesting to hear what the remix album that I'm sure they will release will sound like. Hope there's a DualDisc of that too.
0,excellent music
0,Between Two Worlds' is one of my favorite electronica/synth releases ever.  It is majestic, sweeping, flowing, captivating, soothing, stunningly beautiful electronic synth music.  O'Hearn paints huge congruous sonic landscapes with his music that stand the test of time.  Tempos vary greatly, but all the songs flow into each other as one complete piece.  The mesmerizing compositions are excellent, as is the level of musicianship here.  Like Vangelis, Dwane, or Synergy (Larry Fast), Patrick O'Hearn is one of the best in the universe that this genre has to offer!
0,"The Red Shoes" stands as the bright, joyful cousin of the more celebrated&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Dreaming/dp/B000006MS3/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Dreaming</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Hounds-Of-Love/dp/B00004R7TP/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Hounds Of Love</a>.		Despite this, the record's joyful tone does not mean Kate loses her almost Sophianic mystical talents on "The Red Shoes". Indeed, though the record was flawed by collaborations with Eric Clapton and Jeff Beck on the weak "And So Is Love" and "You're The One", the rest of the album shows Bush at her most mystical.		The magical opener "Rubberband Girl" showed Kate Bush in her definitive mood, where the almost cosmic depth of her voice turned what would otherwise have been an ordinary pop song into an ecstatic, danceable piece which gives a captivating effect. "Constellation of the Heart", whilst not half so effective, works well enough in the same vein and its look at personal spiritual needs is enlightening. "Song Of Solomon" and "Lily", in a more haunting mood, showed Bush capturing the wisdom of the mystic in a most effective way, yet blending in the sensual perfectly. The title tune, though challenging, showed an even more joyful mood of spiritual experience through its re-telling of the famous fairy story of Hans Christian Andersen.		"Top Of The City", was the most emotiuonal song Bush ever recorded, with its dramatic changes in mood and patches of fiery guitar, yet she perfectly captured a vision of New York remiscent of prime Laura Nyro (whose heir Bush, of course, was). "Why Should I Love You" was the most challenging piece on the album with its many voices including the Trio Bulgarka, yet was a superb tale of romantic longing.		Less dark than&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Dreaming/dp/B000006MS3/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Dreaming</a>, certainly. Yet, "The Red Shoes" retained, for the most part, all of Kate Bush's Sophianic wisdom and expressive femininity. Not to be neglected even if uneven.
0,This review is being written by a HUGE Genesis fan. Gabriel's Genesis was m y favorite period , followed by the Phil Collins vocal-led period up to "Duke" , after that they turned into a different band.	With all of that being said , "Unifaun" is the album that Genesis could have , but didn't make.	Obviously this recording is a tribute to Genesis. It is NOT , however , a copy of Genesis. The music and vocals fall remarkably close to the "Wind And Wuthering" "Trick Of The Tail" era of Genesis. At several times in listening  to this recording , I forgot it wasn't Genesis.	NO GENESIS FAN SHOULD BE WITHOUT THIS RECORDING !!!! Here's hoping Unifaun have another one in them.
0,The Oakridge boys are my favorite group!  Have several of their CDs!  I really like this Christmas one!  There are a lot of good songs on there!
0,Since the beginning of his producing career, PvD has had a split personality.  He was either a standout DJ rocking clubs for hours, or a producer of the deepest, most meaningful trance music many (including myself) have ever heard.  Paul has devoted time to both of these equally important fields, yet they are extremely different.  Before anything else, let me set up the context for this cd.	PvD as a DJ:	As a DJ, he can make anyplace jump. He is known the world around for being able to hype up a crowd with non-stop beats until early morning.  He commands precise power over the turntables that few have ever been able to match.  I know this because last month he came to my state for the first time ever, and I had the unbelievable honor of getting to see him.  So what if I was underage?  It was definitely worth obtaining a fake ID to get in.  The point is, those who are lucky enough to see him live, can truly appreciate the skill and talent he has in the booth.  His is not a DJ set you will forget the next morning.	PvD as a producer:	As a producer, he can create depth to the music that in my opinion so many other artists lack.  His music isn't just a catchy melody with a steady beat like so much of the genre has become.  He can blend together sounds like the leader of a fine orchestra.  The depth and feeling in his music produces a "wall" of sound that hits you with full force when you crank up the volume, and drift away...	Until now, both of these worlds were too far apart to compare.  You can love him as a DJ, or love his music as a producer, but if someone asked me which was better, there would be no way I could answer.  Apparently, Paul wanted to bridge the gap between two realms when he made this album.  He has "produced" a DJ set.  He has reworked tracks to make them his own, then mixed them all together.  If ever both sides of his music could be compiled into one cd, this is it.	You hear his outstanding tracks like "Autumn" and you hear fabulous remixes of other songs.  This album is definitely unlike any other album I have ever heard.  If you are new to this genre of music, you will become a fan with this cd.  But I especially recommend this cd to any true PvD fan, as you will understand its significance on a higher level.  This is not an ordinary DJ mix cd.  No, it is a Paul Van Dyk cd, in a category of its own.
0,This is great. Jake E Lee rules. He rips it. Buy this CD now, but get the original from the 80s. It is better than the one on the KOCH label from 2001.
0,classic album i wonder how much LSD jimi was on when he was writing this album ? good stuff right here !
0,I have been a sometimey Tom Russell fan ever since I was introduced to his songwriting via a cover of one of his songs by Dave Alvin. When Blood and Candle Smoke was released it got such positive reviews across the board, I had to order it. That he recorded with Calexico was the bonus that sealed my decision to buy. And when I put it in the first time, I got pretty much of the Southwestern tinge to the music I expected. But there was something else afoot as well, and that made this CD an interesting mix.	Many reviewers have pointed out East of Woodstock, West of Vietnam and Criminology as two of the better cuts on the album. I agree. But they are very different from the typical Tom Russell tune being almost evocative of Bruce Cockburn. Listen to them and think about that!	Being a Southwesterner, I have a soft spot for the "Southwestern sound" as typified by the excellent Nina Simone and by Guadalupe. I like the other songs as well to a greater or lesser degree, but the latter two songs mentioned are the ones that touch my soul.	Of the several Tom Russell CDs I now own, Blood and Candle Smoke has become my favorite. The CD comes housed in a two-panel digipak and is accompanied by a sharp little booklet containing album info and the all-important lyrics. If you are a fan of Americana, then this CD should certainly be in your collection. You should not be disappointed!
0,good album
0,These guys right here!!!  STILL with the vocals, STILL with that harmony.....it's almost as if NO TIME has passed from this disc to the very last one they dropped!  They are giving, what I call, some REAL grown folks music right here!  Giving you the sexy, the sensual, the joyous.....all traits combined to make an awesome cd!  All it takes is to start at track 1.  From there, all 10 will be covered and on repeat.  Silk is that group that, no matter what happens and how many labels they jump to, the group will ALWAYS give that adult sound that made them famous in the beginning.  No need for rappers or fillers.  Just let these dudes take the wheel and drive you to that place where real music lives and no youngins need not come by and roost.  SILK IS BACK WITH A VENGENCE!!!!
0,I played all the tracks from this album.
0,I got this record 10 years ago when it came out and have loved it ever since. I am proud to own the vinyl now.
0,This album is a great selection. All of the songs are at least noteworthy, but everyone knows the hits from Boston's debut. "More Than a Feeling" is a good song because of the instruments; I just don't like it being a movie trailer's soundtrack because then it's too popular. "Peace of Mind" influence logical resistence to competition. "Foreplay/long time" starts off with a lot of drums, is the longest song on the CD at about 8 minutes long, and is about determination. "Rock & Roll Band" is about how Boston became successful. "Hitch a Ride" is the more peaceful of all tracks on the CD; it evokes a dreamy state of mind. "Something About You" opposes loneliness. "Let Me Take You Home Tonight" starts off slow and then gets faster. It's necessary to have this album, so you better get it; no wasting time.
0,Ever satirical, Cohen asks for the return of the Berlin Wall, compares the coming of Christ to Hiroshima, describes a coming communist revolution and demands complete control of every living soul on this album and that's just the first track. Even if the voice used is obviously not Cohen's but that of a character with a distinct and twisted view of a not-too-far-fetched future, the song ranks as one of the most evil, brooding and brilliant tracks I have ever heard. Be it the pain and unhappiness of longing (Waiting for the Miracle); that semi-disappointed, carefree, erotic sense after a memorable celebration (Closing Time) or pure smitten love (Light as a Breeze) there is no odd sensation or state of mind too difficult for Cohen's poetic voice to display brilliantly. I had the same reaction to hearing the Future for the first time that I did when hearing David Bowie's The Man Who Sold the World or Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon. "How could I go so long without this is my CD collection!?!"
0,As John Bell (JB) croons on "Contentment Blues", a new addition  to the Capricorn release of "Space Wrangler", "I love my  chicken" you know you've stumbled upon some Southern-fried goodness  that would make a certain Colonel roll over in his grave!  There is  something to be said for a band that can sing songs about all-American  subjects such as baseball, cold beers and fried chicken.  Yet the  complexity of the jams far exceeds the intentional simplicity of some of  their lyrical concepts.	 In the canon of Widespread Panic, "Space  Wrangler" is perhaps most often mentioned as the favorite album.  And  with good reason - it contains quintessential Panic material including  "Chilly Water", the title cut, and "Porch Song" which  includes the refrain "Havin' a good time/Here today" and has been  aptly and affectionately dubbed 'Panic's Theme'.  It also contains the  first song that the band wrote together - the catchy tune, with a  not-so-subtle Grateful Dead influence, "Coconut".  Incidently,  "Coconut" is played only on special occasions (Halloween, for  one) but was a staple of old live performances.  Not to be overlooked on  this album are the incredible renditions of J.J. Cale's "Travelin'  Light" and all-time country blues legend Robert Johnson's "Me and  the Devil Blues".  Panic friend David Blackmon accompanies the boys on  fiddle just in case you had forgotten some of their roots.	 Anyway, if  you want something that tastes good, this is a real treat.  Mmmm..."my  chicken tastes good".
0,As with all of Dr Hook's output, this album of magical content from one of Rock's all time zainy bands is priceless and timeless. The other reviewers seem to have covered it, so I'll just encorage you to buy it, then come visit the other Hook fans and original members of the band, in the Official Dr Hook online Fanclub and community. We'll be glad to HOOK up!!	[...]
0,Another great album of Barry Manilow and happy to add it to my collection
0,I am no stranger to the talents of Jeno Jando on Naxos.  I've heard him before and here he does not disappoint either.  With the help of the Budapest Symphony Orchestra and Andras Ligeti he excecutes with precision two of the most popular piano concertos in the Romantic repetoire.		First there is the Grieg Piano Concerto which strange as it sounds takes the Schumann Piano Concerto which follows as somewhat of a model.  Grieg was interested in Norweign Folk Themes when he produced this concerto.  He keep on perfecting it until the year of his death in 1907.		Then there is the Schumann Piano Concerto which started off as a fantasy for piano and orchestra for his wife.  The lack of bravura parts for piano led to a hard start for this concerto.  It was not popular because it did not show off the soloist as other concertos, now forgotten, did at the time.		The playing is technically a ten out ten.  Artistically it is a little wanting.  More so in the Schumann than in the Grieg, but overall still high marks with maybe a nine for the Grieg and an eight for the Schumann artistically.  Jando is a technician and he plays these concertos effortlessly.		The Budapest Symphony Orchestra is highly underrated and is a very good band indeed.  The fact that the whole thing, the CD that is works together is probably due in no small measure to Andras Ligeti the conductor.		I do have some minor quabbles (if that is a real word) about this CD. I bought it brand new in December of 2010.  It was sealed so tight that I needed a steak knife to cut open the otherwise easy to unwrap plastic.  The CD has no timings printed on the back.  It has no timings printed in the booklet.  The booklet itself has no information in it and is just an advertisement for Naxos!  Therefore there is no information on the performers or the composers.  I guess they figure if you are interested enough that you will look those things up on your computer!  The CD itself does not have enough time elapsed between the last movement of the Grieg Piano Concerto and the beginning of the Schumann Piano Concerto in my opinion.  And the the total timing on the CD is less than an hour long.		Other than those minor things the CD is an excellent buy.  I highly recommend it.
0,This is the gospel of Progressive metal. You will be amazed with this album.		Best tracks: all
0,The revolution is continued on this album. Still pre "gangsta" pac, Pac is speaking out for the people. Yes this is an overlooked album because the majority of the people who love pac love the glorified violence pac, not the one that is trying to free the minds of the masses. Stand out tracks on this album are representin' 93, strictly 4 my niggaz, and my all time favorite souljah's revenge. The beats are slightly better than the first album, and the lyrics are just as hot if not hotter.
0,This album is a lot of fun to listen to.  The music is varied, well-mixed, and will push your stereo hard.  The rap is solid.  Wished he hadn't put the pistol on that poodle...
0,Patrick Doyle's music is very lovely, relaxing and almost Mozartean in style.	Every selection on here is lovely, but the only reason this didn't get 5 stars, is my disappointment that it isn't exactly what was in the movie.		I sing opera, but I must say that Jane Eaglen's singing of the 2 songs, "The Dreame" and "Weep no more" are too affected sounding. And so heavy!! I wouldn't have picked a voice of her type for this kind of music (it's more like Kathleen Battle should've sung them!). I know it may sound silly, especially being a trained singer, but I would've preferred and expected to hear Kate Winslet's version that appeared in the movie. I thought her voice sounded like the sweet youthful voice of love and despite any imperfections, would've liked to have her version included here. My point being, if it's the movie soundtrack, why weren't the selections from the movie on this CD? They try to polish it up & make it more slick for publication & I'd rather hear the music the way it appeared in the movie...that's why I wanted the SOUNDTRACK! Because the music in the movie made me want to buy it.	Also I would've liked just the simple piano version of "My Father's Favorite" that appeared in the movie- no orchestra, just the sweet sound of the piano.	But don't let my rantings keep you from purchasing this. It is lovely to listen to, quite evocative and well worth getting. My objections are minor compared to the joy I've experienced listening to this CD.		Beautiful music by Patrick Doyle- sincerely, I think his music has genius and is above all, lovely!!!
0,I was SO psyched for this new album, even more so after hearing Joss talk 'behind the scenes' about the history of each track, so I was taken aback a bit at first listen.  But the more I play the CD the more I have grown obsessed with it!  ESPECIALLY knowing the story behind the blood sweat and tears that went into making it and the meanings behind the songs.		I'm a bit disappointed in 'radio' for not playing it more, though it isn't such a commerical-airplay album, and doesn't need to be.  Bravo for yet another young artist (like Kelly Clarkson) to stand up and dare to bare all and go against the mainstream to create an album of music for the sake of making the MUSIC and not to make "hits"		And now I am MORE psyched than ever to see her perform live this fall!
0,Laura Nyro has always been on my list of must haves for my music collection.  I'm adding these as MP3 to make it more portable.  But I own all her music on vinyl.  She is timeless!
0,Blue Magic's debut album, released in 1974, is still one of my favorite albums of all time. Only one song from that album is missing here, but then you'll get "I Just Don't Want to Be Lonely" and the full-length version of "Spell", both of which are absent from "Soulful Spell: The Best of Blue Magic". That other compilation sure has more tracks and covers a wider scope of their career, not to mention the in-depth liner notes telling the group's story. But the best of their music is on "Greatest Hits", which is the CD to get. Those two tracks do make a difference.
0,When I heard this album for the first time, I thought inmediately that it wasn't a masterpiece, but some tracks were very catchy. Nothing on the album is bad, that's clear. Of course that could be a better album with a memorable song, and that's what this work lacks. But that doesn't mean it's not a worthy album. "Turn the lights out when you leave" is perhaps the best song in this collection, and "They call her the cat" is another good song. Finally "Answer in the sky" is a tipically elton-ish tune. The other songs are also good, but not great.
0,I couldn't recommend an album any more highly than this one! The Hard Way is James Hunter's 4th album, not counting his Howlin' Wilf releases. This album has more raw energy than his last album, and a bit more versatility as well...it rocks! "The Hard Way" and "Don't Do Me No Favours" have fairly strong hooks, and that, combined with Hunter's clever writing and his ability to turn a phrase make this album a real treat. He was nominated for a Grammy for the "People Gonna Talk" album, but sadly, James lost to Ike Turner. I think that this is his year and this is THE album to do it. Listen to the sample tracks from this album and I think you'll agree. Buy it and just try to stop your feet from moving!
0,This collection takes me back to my adolescent days when Salsa was Salsa. Back in those days Salsa and Latin Jazz went hand by hand (as is today) and I just didn't remeber much of Barreto's masterpieces until I heard this and it just blew my mind. Just about all the best work of Ray's is in this disk. Highly recomend it.
0,excellent
0,nice
0,Next to Psycho Circus, Revenge was probably their next best album of the 90's.  I got it mainly for the hit God Gave Rock and Roll to You.  I still think their 70's stuff was their best.
0,Hey, its Jack White. "NUFF SAID" A small pop/skip on B side but it corrected itself Sound quality is superb!!!
0,Wet Willie leader Jimmy Hall has one of the greatest voices ever laid on vinyl. I saw them at the Cleveland Agora back in 1981. They  were touring the Which One's Willie album. Great band. Jimmy Hall was also a very good saxophone player. Wish they would tour the North a little more. Hall is a monster vocalist.....
0,The Magical Mystery Tour album is much better than the film. All of the songs are great, but I suppose I love "I Am the Walrus," "Hello Goodbye," "Your Mother Should Know," and the title track best.
0,...look, this is a completely "adult-urban-contemporary-cosmopolitan-chic-chillout-martini-and-voo-doo-lounge" CLASSIC.		This is required *Music Library* for this genre...Stephane at his most elegant, playful, soulful, and smart.  Brilliant song selection and sequencing, and impeccable production values (mixing and sound).  The flow is amazing and seemless, evoking a quirky film score. This is headphone stuff.		You either get it or you don't.
0,Made my husband's day, he adores it. Very pretty, easy to listen to. He was such a great performer.
0,Gotye caught my attention at the Grammy's and does not disappoint on this album even though it is not going to appeal to everyone. I would give it a trial first and see if your type of music.
0,Kutless is an amazing band and this CD is proof of that. Maybe they started out more hard rock, but if you go to a concert, I don't think their roots are completely gone. They love to rock.	I digress though, since this isn't how I feel just about the band, it is about this particular CD.		Believer has that mix of worship and rock, which I really enjoy. The lyrics though, are what really make the album great.		-I love "Even If" it is a great song that people really need to take to heart with all that is going on in the world today. Great lyrics, great music.	-"If It Ends Today" and "It's All Yours" are great songs as well that are a little more upbeat with the rock in them coming out.		Honestly, I believe all the songs are good on this album and it gets frequent use in my CD player or on my iPod. I would definitely recommend this to Christian music fans..and more specifically, fans of Kutless. They are great role models who show you can live what you believe and still follow your dreams.
0,I know some of you will beg to differ but I am the BIGGEST RICK JAMES fan ever!  I never missed a concert and bought every album that he released.  I waited for 2 1/2 long years for this album to be released and when it finally was I was no where near disapointed.  A lot of folk want to harp on his legal troubles and the deamons in his life but push that crap aside and listen to the genius that was Rick James.  From "COME GET IT" to "URBAN RAPSODY", the funk was alive and kickin.  His voice was one of the best in music.  We have all heard the classics (YOU AND I, MARY JANE, BUSTIN OUT, FIRE IT UP, GIVE IT TO ME BABY, SUPERFREAK etc), but take the time to listen to Rick's ballads and I'm not just talking about "FIRE & DESIRE" and "EBONY EYES".  One listen to "JEFFERSON BALL" from the Bustin Out album or "MY LOVE" from the "THROWIN DOWN" album and you too should be convinced that his voice was superior to most.  This new album "DEEPER STILL" will go down as a classic.  After all the drama in his life, "DEEPER STILL" represents RICK JAMES THE ADULT.  The title track is tearing  adult radio down and shows that the funk in him still lives...it never died.  His remake of "GUINNEVERE" is simply beautiful.  The groovy "STOP IT" is straight riding music and could possibly be the next single from this album.  "DO YOU WANNA PLAY" with JOHNNY GILL and HOWARD HEWITT is a stone cold blue lights in the basement joint and Rick more than holds his own with two of R&B's greatest voices ever.  "SAPPHIRE" is his ode to the black woman (i.e. EBONY EYES).  It's a beautiful song (BLOW DANNY)!  This album will not disappoint.  From the funk of "NOT ALONE" and "STROKE" (about his trying times) to the smoothness of "Maybe" Rick was headed back to the top of the charts with this one.  PICK IT UP...you will totally love it.  Too bad he's not here to enjoy the success that could have been (or will be).  Imagine a video for "DEEPER STILL"...		RIP JAMES AMBROSE JOHNSON JR, (aka SLICK RICK JAMES).  I miss you brother !
0,Great gift
0,There is one thig I have realised from reading some of the comments made... that is that people either love this band, or they hate it.	OK, so the do sound a bit like something the Velvet underground would have done, but all artits take influence from other bands, I mean, sometimes bands are named as being influenced by some band, Radiohead many times have been marked as being Pink Floyd-ish.	I am a guitarist, I know that you may say that the riffs are to simple and are similar to other ones, so what? Just because they are not ripping through a Hendrix like solo does not make them bad, does it? I mean some Beatles songs were very very simple to play and you don't see anyone bithing about them!	The bass lines however are virtual copies of other bands... even the bassits has admitted in an interwiev I read in guitar world, that he copied many of them from Motely Crue songs. That basicly takes some merit away from the band, but even Nirvanas Smells like teen spirit borrowes the main chords from a Boston song.	The Hype- yes the stokes are very hyped specialy by high school kids and rocker wannabees, this at times can be very anoying, but why don't you just forget about the whole hype and just listen to a good band.	This cd is very good, specially for a first relise. So they copied styles from other bands and mixed them to create a sound they call their own, but you have to ask yourself, its this really a bad thing? The way things are going is very bad, mainstream music is now filled with rap garbage songs, you want to talk about songs without any meaning... What we need is more bands like The Stokes and Kings of Leon to help in the fight.
0,Back in the late 60's and early 70's, there were of course some great records from many diverse groups from The Beatles to The Fifth Dimension. One of my favorites was The Friends of Distiction. At first glance, they might have been perceived as another Fifth Dimension minus one but that was not the case. While The fifth Dimension recorded some unique productions of Jimmy Webb songs, The Friends of Distinctiion were more R&B for the most part. Of couse, I think most remember them for the vocal version of the instrumental great "Grazing in the Grass" but there was so much more to them than just that. This CD represents the best of this group which not only includes some great R&B songs and productions but also a gospel flavored one as well as some Manhatan Transfer style vocal blend. I highly reccomend this CD as it will bring back some great memories and it still holds up as a collection of feel good grooves from one of music's great vocal groups.	Richard Law
0,Shew, what a treat a for the deep funk lover. I read some review that Bettie Davis is topped only by the king himself, James Brown. That is debatable, but if so, only by a James Brown at his ultimate peak power. And as for female competition, there simply is none! The closest competitors that spring to mind* are Tina Turner in the early seventies, or Joyce Kennedy from Mother's Finest. I ordered Betties' other two albums from the early 70's already.(It's sad to hear from the 30sec soundbites from her last 1979 record how she was squeezed into some boring disco format by that time, so discard that one.)	*If you KNOW Nasty Gal, and still can think of other females that measure up to Bettie Davies in what concers dirty funk, I really wanna know.
0,So much has been said and written about this album since its release in March 1967, that a review of the material is irrelevant, and commentary pointless. Inarguably, it is one of the most influential LPs of all time. So let's look instead at what this *release* of "The Velvet Underground and Nico" IS.	Over the years, the Velvet Underground catalog has begun to get the overhaul it has always deserved, and this Deluxe Edition set is another example of that. If the "Peel Slowly And See" Box Set and the "Fully Loaded Edition" of "Loaded" appeal to you, you'll find this indispensable.		Why both the mono *and* stereo versions of the LP? Differences in the mixes, my friends. Some subtle, some more immediately evident. The casual listener might not spot the differences immediately, but track to track comparisons between the two will be instructive to the faithful. The mono version has been deemed collectable enough to be bootlegged in the past, so it is fitting that it be legitimately released for the completist collectors among us. For what it's worth,I found the mono versions of the singles excessive, as the stereo versions are to be found on the "Peel Slowly And See..." box set, HOWEVER, the tracks from Nico's "Chelsea Girl" were penned by Velvets Cale, Morrison & Reed, who also perform on these tracks. As such, they deserve to be included in the band's output *somewhere*, and as they chronologically follow the 1st LP, it makes sense that they be included here--they're certainly as strong musical numbers as anything else on these CDs.		If you're a Velvet Underground fan (as I've been for well over two decades), you've already bought this CD, perhaps, like me, several times, between the initial release, the remaster, the box set, the 24K Gold Edition. If you have that level of dedication, TRUST ME, you won't feel cheated when you get this baby home, BUT it's not ONLY for completists--more casual fans will find, I'd predict, that they'll have a greater appreciation for this LP, and the ones that follow it because of the breadth of this CD, the liner notes, and lyrics--it truly is "The Deluxe Edition."
0,Catchy songs in this compilation.
0,I have known and loved Joan Sutherland since 1964, when as a 12-year-old in Baltimore I became acquainted with her first recording of Lucia di Lammermoor.  As an adult living in Texas, I had a number of opportunities between 1986 and 1989 to hear her sing in Houston, Dallas and New York.  I would always go backstage after the performance and talk to her and Bonynge, but I would gravitate to Bonynge because I found Dame Joan quite formidable in her own quiet way.	When I went to hear her U.S. farewell as The Merry Widow in Dallas in November 1989, I asked Bonynge after the performance what other recordings were "in the can."  He said that there was an Adriana Lecouvreur and an Ernani, as well as some arias.	The Adriana was delayed for a couple of years in being released, but once it was I figured the Ernani was soon to follow.  Alas I was to wait until April 1998 to see the recording in the shops, almost 11 years after its being recorded in May of 1987.  Any concerns I might have had that the recording was delayed because of problems with it were dispelled when I first put it on.  I found it to be quite good and I still do.	Sutherland had little contact with the role of Elvira during her career.  She recorded "Ernani involami" in an aria recital around 1960, and let us not forget the televised concert from the Met she did with Horne and Pavarotti around 1980 where Horne took the bass role of Silva in a performance of the final trio.  But even here, some 37 years after her debut, Sutherland is little short of magnificent.  Granted, there is occasionally a beat on a sustained tone and her trill is not quite as clean as it once was, but overall she is in quite good voice and a joy to hear.  She decorates the second verse of her cabaletta, which is something I rarely hear, even from much younger singers.	Pavarotti's Ernani on the other hand is a known quantity.  He appeared in a "Live from the Met" telecast of the opera in December 1983 which is still available commercially.  There is little to choose between that performance and this one, as he is still in his considerable prime here.  As he did in the telecast, at the end of Act II he performs the aria "Odi il voto" which Verdi wrote for the tenor Nicolai Ivanov in 1845, the year after the opera's premiere, as a replacement for the chorus "Pronti vedi li tuoi cavalieri."  The aria really makes for a much more thrilling ending to the act and I'm surprised that more tenors don't insist on it.	Leo Nucci and Paata Burchuladze as Ernani's two rivals Don Carlo and Silva, while both younger than the soprano and tenor, are fine artists and fit well into the cast.  Nucci's "Oh de' verd'anni miei" is beautifully sung and Burchuladze's slightly Slavic sound adds an extra edge to "Infelice."	One of the real surprises of the set is the conducting of Richard Bonynge.  I sometimes found him to be a liability on his recordings, but he did improve over the years.  Here, his conducting is so good, capturing all of the young Verdi's blood and thunder, that I found myself wishing he could go back and redo all his older recordings (if Sutherland could have been in them all I would have been even happier).	I would have a difficult time choosing between this recording and my other top favorite, Leontyne Price and Carlo Bergonzi under Thomas Schippers on RCA Victor (my third favorite, the rough-and-ready Cetra version with Caterina Mancini and Gino Penno under Fernando Previtali, is sui generis).  I would probably end up giving a slight nod to this recording just because of my special affection for Sutherland and my gratitude that the recording finally did come out.	Highly recommended as an outstanding version of the opera and as a chance to hear Pavarotti in a role that suits him like a glove.  But most highly recommended as a last recorded glance at Sutherland, still glorious in the twilight of her career.
0,I honestly thought I would hate the new album when Kyle Symmons joined this band. Reason being because I can't stand Hate Plow (his "other" band). Hate Plow is a generic death metal act, but "The Will to Kill" is not.	Malevolent Creation somehow topped the brutality of "Envenomed" with this release. It is a drum and guitar inferno from beginning to end. Also, although I would really prefer Bret Hoffman (MC's degenerate,...addict former vocalist), Symmons fits in nicely. (I think it's because they turned down his vox--unlike in Hate Plow, where his voice grates the ears throughout.)	I probably wouldn't have given this as many stars had it not been Malevolent Creation, but I cannot deny the energy and power of this release.	BTW: If you don't have Envenomed, go buy that. It is better than this simply because of the vocals. Nevertheless, this album shines in its own right...
0,According to certain versions , Lou Reed himself admittedly said once that he was not in good shape during this concert ( as a matter of fact I think he was referring to the whole period , circa 1973 , not just the concert ) . Certainly he was close to an all-time low in terms of psicological and physical exhaustion from the abuse of certain substances , but , ( hey Lou , call me what you want ) I disagree with his own statement .	One of Lou's statements I fully agree with is the one that says that rock'n'roll saved his life . Another one that admits no dispute is "I don't like to disguise reality" . And that's exactly what he does in this concert/album . His singing is , probably more than ever , raw , painful , desperate at times .	One thing you can't deny is his poetry , the way he communicates how he feels when he sees the world around him coming down hopelessly . These are not precisely lullaby songs . Lou doesn't really sing : he spits words and phrases , and the guitars sound like a machine gun at times to match his outburst.	This is a classic album , one that gets better and better with the years , like a good wine . One big contributing factor for the great sound here is , no doubt , the guitar tandem of Steve Hunter and Dick Wagner , who were especially inspired that night and provided Lou with a perfect , extraordinary sound environment. Wrapped by these two axemen and propelled by an equally inspired rythm section , Lou was able to shout his guts out . Bad shape ? I call it a marriage made in Heaven .	Show me a better version of "Sweet Jane" and I will gladly pay you. Try to match the scorching , spine-shivering intro of Hunter and Wagner's guitars before Lou appears on stage and starts telling us about the mixed-up life of Sweet Jane and other odd characters .	The same goes for "Heroin" , with its slow start gradually becoming a vertiginous rush . Life imitates art or art imitates life ? Who cares ?	Then Lou goes to a rage-ladden version of "How do you think it feels" , with heart-ripping shouts and all , before he continues with his tales of physical and mental suffering and dark , ambiguous happiness/unhapiness in "Caroline says I" . After that he returns to his adventures with chemicals in an explosive rendition of "White light/white heat" , to me the best ever . I'm ready to take another bet here : show me a better version !	Then comes "Lady Day" which doesn't let the standards fall here , although it is probably the less remarkable song in this album .	But , hey , Lou couldn't finish without another memorable tour-de-force , so in the best Reed-style and fashion he delivers "Rock'n'roll" , and for the first time in the concert(it ain't over till it's over , right?)there's a song that is sunnier and somewhat hopeful , if you can see it .	Can't see it ? Well , ask the man . He said that rock'n'roll saved his life . And , this time , I believe him .
0,On Thursday the 22nd of June 2017, Uncle Clayton drove me to the Travelex centre in Willerton shopping centre to put the final 5 thousand US dollars onto my travel card. In past times at the centre, the workers there were able to speak to my carer and then he would turn around and explain it to me. Sadly the new worker there wasn't willing to help me out. She assumed I wanted to order US dollars. Then he explained to her I wanted it on my card. She suggested I order a new card because mine was scratched. Clayton's moble rang and the lady told him to go outside because the phone was interfering with the machines which was just a bit of rubbish talk. She then began to ask me what I wanted to do. She told Clayton that by law he can not speak to her. She wouldn't even help us work out how to simpley put US dollars on the card. All day, I freaked out. Now Travelex centre in Willerton if you are reading this review on the 30 CD Elvis box set, you oe me a free copy. Please place the order. Elvis is one of the pioneers of rock & roll music from the 60's and the 40th anniversary of his passing is not far away. I would really like to have every master recording, but this is way to expensive. Travelex Willerton, you oe me conpensation for the bad experience. Please buy me this box set out of your own pockets.		snakey@live.com.au		Please ring Jack Burrows Electrical to speak to my carer, and apologise, and please please get me this box set free of cost. Google Jack Burrows Electricle and speak to Clayton, apologise and organise a way or some free US dollars to cover the cost of this set.		Thanks very much. I would really appreciate this set. I love Elvis! Viva Travelex Willerton!
0,A great mix of similar themes from the Lord of the Rings, but with it's own feel, the soundtrack is great.
0,I loved the cd I received. I could tell it was new, very pleased about that. It came very quickly. Only one small problem the case had a crack so I would suggest a little more care in packaging because I am sure the post office must have put it under something heavy. They are not very careful. But that was the only thing to maybe protect it a little more. Crack was not very big on the front of the case. I still would say I would order again and hopefully my suggestion would help that from future cd's getting damage.
0,I selected this rating because I received the cd in just few days,	the cd I received in great conditions.		I always liked Tanna gardner since 1981 I heard on the radio here in Mexico City.	For sure I recomend the cd and all the products from bbr productions.
0,After SYOTOS I wasn't sure what Korn was trying to accomplish. They had suddenly turned from dark and miserable to catchy and almost poppy. At that time I left more embarrassed to be a Korn fan than anything else. The other fans they began to attract didn't help either.		Having abandoned my radio for years I bought this album the day it came out without having heard any of the songs. I even walked to the store while I was sick just to buy it. Korn was a major part of my life (especially the Follow The Leader era) growing up and I still had hope in the band. I was not going to give up on them just yet. Im glad I didn't.		The remaining members of Korn seem to have reflected back on all their previous works creating a musical collage and woven it together with a new attitude. The result is an "evolved" Korn. Different, yet still the same.		Personally I only have one complaint about the album. That is the vocals. They seem to be more forced and lack the sarcastic slur and psychotic laugh behind his voice. It set Davis apart from every other vocalist. This could simply be the years of vocals paying its toll.		Nevertheless, it is still a solid album and should be appreciated by all generations of Korn fans.
0,I have all the Costes series, so I guess I'm in a position to compare. I was quite disappointed with vols 6 & 7, so nearly didn't bother with vol 8, but in the end was glad I did. Vol 9 shows that the series is now securely back on track and I agree with a previous reviewer that this is almost on par with Etage 3. Definately worth a listen if you have enjoyed this series of albums at all.
0,Nothing fancy here but this band does whirl up an enticing atmosphere of 50's-60's style rock n roll and makes it sound real fresh and invigorating. I had a real pleasant time listening to this disc. Totally blows away all of that modern day alternative fake rock crap.		This material is truly invaluable. RACHEL is hot!!!
0,Love
0,Imagine my surprise this past summer when I picked up my local newspaper and read that Al Martino would be the headliner at an Italian-American festival in our fair city.  When I checked our calendar I discovered to my great dismay that a previous commitment would preclude my wife and I from attending this huge outdoor concert. We were so disappointed because Al Martino is pretty much the last of his generation still performing.  He is 81 now and from all reports can still belt out a tune.  In 1992, Capitol records released "Al Martino: Capitol Collectors Series".  This single disc 25 track anthology remains the finest collection of this legendary performer.		Al Martino grew up in Philadelphia and was a childhood friend of the great Mario Lanza.  He too dreamed of a career in show business and his career was launched after winning first prize on Arthur Godfrey's popular "Talent Scouts" television program in 1952.  His very first record on the tiny B.B.S. label "Here In My Heart" went all the way to #1 on the Billboard charts in the summer of 1952.  Shortly thereafter, Al signed a deal with Capitol records and he managed to hit the charts 3 more times over the next couple of years.  For a variety of reasons discussed in the excellent liner notes Al Martino would not have another hit record for a decade.  In 1963 Al Martino recorded a pop cover of Eddy Arnold's country hit "I Love You Because". The record was an immediate smash and Al was on his way to a decade and a half of chart success.  You will find just about all of Al's biggest and best hits on "Al Martino: Capitol Collectors Series".  Enjoy once again Al's marvelous rendition of "Painted, Tainted Rose" from 1963.  "I Love You More and More Every Day" would prove to be one of Al Martino's biggest hits ever.  That one is included here as well. Among the other favorites you will find here are "Daddy's Little Girl", "Mary In The Morning" and a tune that I heard for the first time in a very long time "Think I'll Go Somewhere And Cry Myself To Sleep" from the spring of '66.  What a great record!  And no Al Martino collection would be complete without a pair of his biggest hits.		"Spanish Eyes" remains Al Martino's most memorable tune and his rendition of the Italian favorite "(Alle Porte Del Sole) To The Door Of The Sun" was a surprise hit shortly after Al's appearance as singer Johnny Fontane in the motion picture "The Godfather".  Meanwhile, don't forget to sample the rather curious five minute plus "disco" version of "Volare"!  The liner notes were highly critical of this 1975 hit.  I must admit I kinda like it!  In addition, there are a whole host of some of Al's less well known singles included as well. Much to my disappointment, his 1966 recording of "The Wheel of Hurt" (also a big hit for Margaret Whiting that year) was not included in this collection.  I always loved that tune and was astounded to discover that it did not make the cut.		"Al Martino: Capitol Collectors Series" comes with a wonderful 16 page booklet that includes an extremely interesting biography of the artist and detailed chart information on each tune.  This is a disc I have been threatening to buy for years and I am glad that I finally got around to it.  These are all the original Capitol singles you would remember from the radio.  No cheesy re-recordings here. Highly recommended!
0,Misfits-Collection II *****		While not quite as good as the original collection, this, collection II is still a great way to get to know The Misfits without having to go out an buy all of the classic albums that feature the classic line up with the great Glen Danzig. Once again, much like the original collection this is a great way to introduce yourself to the band or even just a great addition to a die hards collection.		No this is no where are good as the original collection but this does have everything else that was left off. Collection II does contain some classic Misfits songs like the lead of track 'We Are 138.' This song is easily one of the best that the band ever recorded. 'Attitude' is another classic and easily in the bands top ten songs of all time. 'Last Caress' just might be the bands greatest song of all time if not just behind 'Bullet' and 'Die, Die My Darling.' The original version of 'Halloween' is another contender for the bands best song, it is easily the most important and the most influential. Cliff Burton decided he wanted to play bass because of this song. This is also the reason why AFI formed was because this song made Davey Havok want to start a band. I know most punk fans are not real big on AFI but all there albums before The Art Of Drowing are straight up punk and Hardcore punk. They are a great band. 'Horror Hotel is another classic, while not as famous as the others it is without a doubt one of their classics. 'Demonomania' is short but oh so sweet. 'Devils Whorehous' is the song that most people heard the first time they were introduced to The Misfits, and a real cult classic.		Collection one might have the majority of the bands classic songs it really would not be complete without Collection II. This contains it all that was left off one. For the casual fan, diehards and newer fans of The Misfits this and the original collection, which is simply titled Misfits, are great ways to discover the band....while they were good anyway.
0,I have only watched a tiny bit of this Blu Ray.  So far, it has lived to its hype.  My wife have seen the entire thing and the reason why I didn't gave it a five star is I compared it to Celine Dion's A New Day Blu Ray.  This does not have the behind the scenes like Celine does.  Other than that, the concert is great (based from the bits and pieces of what I've seen).
0,...and imagine Daniel Day-Lewis in those bucskins and you have yourself a  wonderful Saturday afternoon.  This beautiful music (loved the Celtic  influence!) is part of what made the movie so wonderful.  Do yourself a  favor and get this just as soon as you can!
0,Quatro was a gruond-breaker and trend setter.  She inspired Joan Jett, and influenced her style.  must have music!
0,A OK
0,niceee
0,This disc is among the finest, if not the finest, of Hyperion's Romantic Piano Concerto series. (Most) all credit, of course, is due to the pianist, Marc Andre Hamelin, who, in his phenomenal technical abilities and superb musicianship, delivers astonishingly dexterous, breathtaking, highly persuasive, commited performances of each of these compositions staggeringly unforgiving and formidable difficulties, written to be so well concealed that they become almost transparent to the ear... A thoroughly enjoyable disc!
0,America's third album established their status as a prime force in the 70s pop-rock arena.  Buoyed by their huge hit, VENTURA HIGHWAY, this disc displays the harmonies the trio was noted for.	VENTURA is definitely one of their finer moments conjuring poetic images of the California scene with an infectious melody and smooth acoustic guitar work.  Other notable tracks include the country-flavored DON'T CROSS THE RIVER; Dan Peek's bouncy ONLY IN YOUR HEART; and the plaintive TILL THE SUN COMES UP AGAIN.	I don't particularly care for CORNWALL BANK or CALIFORNIA REVISITED, which is merely a reworking of the banal EVERYONE I KNOW IS FROM CALIFORNIA.  Otherwise, HOMECOMING is a pleasant addition to the America catalogue and set the stage for better future endeavors.
0,Jewel's voice and simple songs portray a beautiful innocence. This is and always will be one of my favorite albums.		The only track I sometimes skip over is Adrian but the others make up for it.
0,Hmm, so your old one's worn out starting to skip a little? Thinking about getting this? QUIT, thinking and order. It has everything that makes the original Vulgar great, PLUS the bonus track! IN addition to that, it has the entire live footage from Italy's Monster of Rock festival performance in '92 (w/ extra actual "videos") on the DVD that comes included!!! The liner notes are a MUST have, tells the story about how the music was conceived and all of their reactions to Metallica's "Black Album". It's actually a window into the way they were "thinking" when they wrote Vulgar. I'm afraid the MP3 won't do, order the CD! On iTunes, and don't wanna' mess with a CD? Then you lose out on the bonus track and the DVD. THIS TIME, do it old school!!! It's worth it!
0,Foo Fighters ROCK! Living Legends!!
0,With their latest CD release UFO proves beyond the shadow of any doubt that they can still rock with the best of them. The Monkeey Puzzle is a solid, gritty, hard rock album that never lets up. This is the second album that guitar master Vinnie Moore has cranked it up with them. And it was good to see original drummer Andy Parker back. His drumming style seems to fit UFO best. While I think it's very uncool and unfair to try and compare Vinnie with their former guitar great Michael Shenker, because thier styles are completely different. Both guitarist can and do complement lead singers Phil Mogg's vocals. In short, if you have always been a Shenker/UFO fan and maybe are having some reservations about buying this CD because your just not sure if it will be the same old rockin UFO your used to....bannish those thoughts and rush out and get this CD. It's got plenty to like about it. Phil's vocals are sharp, clear and crisp; Vinnie's guitar shines with electrifing quickness, style and grace, along with Andy's drums, Paul's keyboards and rhythm guitar and Pete's, always incredable, bass lines, this CD truely shows that UFO has not lost a single step with their ability to ROCK hard with the best of them.
0,A fun concert in the outdoors in Europe.  The music has a festive, light feel to it and with the crowd you really feel a part of the crowd that was enjoying that warm summer night.  Good on a night when you feel lonely.  The Sheherazade piece has the usual annoying anti-climactic feel to it, but also moments of brilliant and intriguing music.  Other interesting pieces of music are interpolated between parts of the Sheherazade.  The program overall seems a bit random, but all the music is well interpreted.  The most intellectual piece is the opening Mozart Barber of Seriglio overture, after which the classical music equivalents of ear-candy and fluffy marshmellow music take over, but overall the music is intelligent and well-interpreted.
0,great
0,good tunes
0,if "A Wizard A True Star" or "Initiation" were exciting, meaningful albums for you and you feel like you've been waiting nine lifetimes for a Todd release in the classic style of the Elven King, wait no more. you don't even have to pre-listen, just read what people are writing here THEN BUY IT. A captivating release from beginning to end. I have been a Todd fan since the early 70s. While i enjoy and look forward to all his releases, THIS IS WHERE I REALLY WANT TO BE.
0,For the Record, this is a hybrid CD/ multi-channel SACD. The CD layer is playable on any CD player while the multi-channel SACD layer greatly enhances the music with 5.1 surround sound. Well worth the extra few dollars for the SACD
0,Clandestino is just plain FUN.  Pop this album on & the world will just seem a bit more rosey.  It is most definitely happy music.  The first time I heard this album I felt compelled to sing along, especially to Welcome to Tijuana & Bongo Bong.  The mutitude of layers really makes this a very interesting album to listen to.
0,Okay, okay, I'll admit it, I gave into the "dark side." I watched Little Women and loved it. Even more dissapointing to my fellow men is the fact that I bought the soundtrack and LOVED IT!	I let go of all the masculine undertones I possessed and took a nice steamy bubble bath with this musical score playing in the background.	It is a beautiful score, with each and EVERY track a delightful refuge of music. This is a great score to read a book to on a rainy day. Guys, let go and give in. I know you'll love it too! LOL
0,When a CD starts with a couple of songs evoking material from the Tom Waits library at the corner of Swordfishtrombones and Rain Dogs, I hang around for more.  Amy Correia's voice resembles that of Ricki Lee Jones, which only enhances any Waits influences.  On Correia's debut, Carnival Love, her material is not simply derivative, though.  She captures that spirit, is quite clever in her own right, and is a master of turning painful topics into good, catchy songs.  All things considered, another reason to celebrate this CD is what it lacks: filler.	  Echoey cello introduces "Angels Collide," the sad, but pretty and magnetic opening song.  It could work as acappella, but is very satisfying with spare instrumentation.  "Fallen Out of Love" rocks like a quieter version of Waits' "Hang On St. Christopher," and offers Correia's insight that, "I was looking for a savior but you are just a man/I have to save myself and now I understand."  She casts her heart's line into the universe on "Starfishin," with a good melody and gorgeous hook that squeezes catharsis out of painful lines like, "Wishing that it weren't true/You've taken a shine/To someone new" and "Just when I thought my ship had come in/You went and spoiled everything/I'm gonna cry an ocean of tears/I'll sail away the rest of my years."  "Life is Beautiful" is a song looking for a film to move into and enhance, if it hasn't found one already.  It's a prime example of Correia's ability to turn pain into inspirational art as she sings, "I was lying in the gutter when a hand unseen/Poured down the sun on New York City," as the music moves from subdued to triumphant.  Most of these songs are radio-friendly, but "Daydream Car" should be on some "greatest-driving-songs-ever" list.  "He Drives It" could be a female response to the old Roger Taylor (Queen) song, "I'm in Love With My Car," as the female protagonist loses her love to his automobile obsession.  The celebratory "Carnival" is a poetic observation of freaks ("Everybody said you look weird together/ When the lights go up and the sun goes down/ They're the perfect couple underneath these pink cotton candy clouds") in a carnival, and the people riding rides.  She reminds us that "they just got to be loved for exactly who they are" (and that "normal" appearances don't necessarily indicate happiness), as the music turns into triumphant sonic fireworks for the human condition.  The beautiful and painful "Blind River Boy" could be a song from Uncle Bob's catalog.	This is Correia's recording debut and it shows exceptional talent.  Not bad for a barber's daughter.  It's impossible to say how many lives she will touch with her work, but remember the impact of that other barber's kid, Charles Schulz.  Amy is young, and whatever magic is, she has It.  Let her know what you think of this disc via AmyCorreia@yahoo.com
0,Initially I was dissapointed when i found out that the follow up to Gods Of War was the re-recording of Battle Hymns MMXI.I had enjoyed Gods Of War and i was looking forward to some new material. I had never listened to the original version bar 1 song ( Fast Taker) . This updated version of the original version sounds unbelievable and it certainly pays homage to the original version that was brilliant before its time, Nearly 30 years ago. The question is . Is this the beginning of the end for this great band or the beginning of a whole new chapter ??? only time will tell.... Worth buying even for anybody that has the original version.
0,This is one of the best New Order albums of all times along with "Republic".  Great synth and electronic sounds in "Fine Time" and "Mr. Disco".  The unbelievable sound of "Round & Round" that leaves me breathless everytime I hear it. The compeling voice of Bernald and Peter Hook's baselines in "Guilty Partner".  The accoustic sounds of "All The Way" and "Love Less" and don't let me forget the every great songs like "Vanishing Point" and "Dream Attack".  New Order is a band not scared to experiment with sounds that made them legends.  From the post punk guitar sounds of the late 70's and early 80's to the powerfull techno sounds of today, New Order are truly pioneers of it all.
0,No one comes close when it comes to writing love songs like Lionel.  He's so gifted.  The best song (one of the best - there are so many), is Still.  It's so beautiful, you could almost cry.  What a talent.
0,Great album
0,Needed the 'Rebels Rule' version which is uncensored and the vinyl is the only way to go it would seem.
0,I am a bit of a fanatic about finding the "best" recording of a given piece of music before selecting one for purchase. So, I have listened to many performances of this concerto (Argerich, Horowitz, Cliburn in the USA, Gutierrez, Andsnes, Glazinov, Bronfman, Ashkenazy, Rachmaninoff himself, and others) on YouTube. When I heard this one, I stopped looking any further. Berman is very impressive, a true professional, and this is one of the two best performances that I have ever heard of this concerto, the other being Cliburn in the USSR at the 1958 Competition (available on a Testament CD). When power and speed are called for, he provides it. When delicacy is needed, he provides it. His sense of rhythm and timing is excellent. And the first movement cadenza (he plays the longer and more difficult one) is just phenomenal.		The recording is crystal clear, with no tape hiss or extraneous noise whatsoever. Every piano note is completely audible (in part because of Berman's clarity and in part because of the excellence of the recording itself), and orchestral detail is remarkable. The fine sound is especially noteworthy because this is an AAD release. If I have one quibble, it is that treble dominates and bass is subdued, an unfortunate thing, but one which does not lessen the impact of the performance.		At first, though, I thought that the sound, despite the clarity, was maybe a little "thin". But eventually I realized that it was actually just a little distant because this was a live concert recording (1976, Carnegie Hall). It is the way it would sound if you were sitting in the mezzanine, and nothing wrong with that.		This CD, long out of print, was reissued and is currently (August 2012) available new at arkivmusic.com.		All told, it is truly a "Great Performance" as it says on the CD cover. Berman was more than a fine pianist, he was a musician. Highly recommended.
0,The Good	Soft piano keys ring in the melodic masterpiece that is "Song in my Head." The track builds with emotion as each new instrument is added, eventually transforming the song into quite the rocker. A numbing keyboard run accents the rhythmic jam "The Best in Me." Nate Henry is heartfelt and honest in his delivery. A catchy little guitar strumming patter locks you in for the ride on "For the Longest Time." The lyrics delves into what a lot of us feel when a lost love moves on. "Alley Cat" is all about multi-part vocal harmonies. "Never Ready to Leave" is another melodic trade off between vocalist Nate Henry and Dan Koch. Both singers blend their tones beautifully. "The Only Song" delivers clever lyrics and an up-beat tempo despite the fact it's sad in nature. A repetitive riff runs rampant on "Alive."		The Bad	Nada		The Verdict	Not only does Sherwood deliver with catchy hooks and tuneful music, but they even inflict thought-provoking and relatable lyrics with sharp vocal melodies. Sherwood harkens back to the days were singer-songwriters ruled the music scene and it's good to hear they're keeping the sound intact. The 1st album to make my best of 2007 list for sure.
0,This was a gift, they love it.
0,I think this is Wilson's Phillips best album. I don't think it's over-produced, I absolutely love it. It starts off perfectly with the great power pop song "It's Only Life." The vocal arrangements showcase their incredible harmonizing and it's just a really upbeat way to begin a much more adult themed and layered record.		It's also a much more personal album for them. "Alone" is one of my favorite tracks written by Wendy and it is about Wendy! The mood is very melancholy as she describes her insecurities and how the outside world may view her. She uses her earthy soft voice to her full advantage. I really enjoy the way Wendy writes her lyrics. They are moving, dark and poetic.		"Where are you" is another stand out track for me. Chynna fronts this very moving tale about a child's haunting memories of her father and the abuse endured at his hands.		"He led me into his room, and had me lay down My heart, and my soul, and anything else that you could own, when you're six years old."		No words to express it but she nails it. Her voice never sounded better.		Carnie's vocals on "This Doesn't Have to Be Love" and `Fueled for Houston" are also gems. She has this softness to her voice just like her sister but at the same time complete opposite because it's more deep and baritone.		And then there is "Flesh and Blood" a very personal and touching song that has Carnie and Wendy Wilson reaching out to their distant and strained father, Beach Boys frontman Brian Wilson. Thankfully Brian Wilson eventually recovered and reunited with his daughters but it's still such a lovely and moving song that anybody could relate to.		Shadows and Light did achieve some success as "You Won't See Me Cry" and "Give it Up" both made Billboard Hot 100! The album itself peaked at #4 on the Billboard 200 and was certified platinum.		I really loved seeing each girl take on a more active role in writing lyrics for Shadows and Light. It really boasts their individual talents and when they come together as Wilson Phillips it's magic. I say if you would like to listen to a really soulful heartfelt album you should buy it and listen for yourself!
0,What's not to love here?
0,Like some others I bought this based on the strength of track 2 from Kill Bill Volume Two. My faith was rewarded as the entire album is strong. There isn't a single song to skip over on it and at least four songs have rotated as the one most going through my head. Very, very good CD.
0,Incredible. Was blown away.
0,this cd all the way through is a masterpiece. thats all there should be said about it. it should win country album of the year at the cma's monday night but it was released too late and nominations had been already made. he'll win it next year. everyone watch the cma's they are going to inducted him into the hall of fame.		download these...		1. Give It Away		2. She Told Me So		3. Wrapped (MY PERSONAL FAVORITE)		4. It Just Comes Natural ( his next #1 hopefully)		5. Why Can't I Leave Her alone
0,This is worth picking up solely to get the five tracks of the band's debut 12-inch EP, "Chronic Town." Everything that made the subsequent "Murmur" so mesmerizing was already in place on the EP, with perhaps an added dose of navet that keeps the songs fresher. The fold-out insert even includes the EP's original front and back covers. The remainder of this collection pulls together 15 odds 'n' sods that represent B-sides, film soundtrack contributions, experiments-gone-wrong, covers, and album outtakes, all annotated graciously by Pete Buck.		Highlights include surprisingly faithful renditions of The Velvet Underground ("There She Goes Again" and "Femme Fatale") and a third that takes liberties ("Pale Blue Eyes"), as well as the band-written surf tune "White Tornado." Still, it's the quintet of tracks from "Chronic Town" that are a must-have, and the basis for this disc's five-star rating. The remaining fifteen cuts are really only for completists.
0,We all know the backstory: in their ongoing quest to be unusual and innovative, Radiohead slags off EMI and informs the world their new album will be available for the pay-as-you-please rate on their website. Me, I am a bit  old-fashioned. I held out for the plastic disc, and I am glad I did. It is a sonic marvel, much like&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/OK-Computer/dp/B000002UJQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">OK Computer</a>&nbsp;or even&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Hail-To-The-Thief/dp/B000092ZYX/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Hail To The Thief</a>. Despite the fact that "In Rainbows" was initially offered for downloads only, it certainly was not recorded with that media in mind.		As much is apparent as soon as "15 Step" starts up. The jazzy guitar that comes in after the first verse rides above the production soundstage as more instruments begin filing in as the song builds. Have you been waiting for the days when Radiohead sounded like "a band" again? "In Rainbows" will do that for you. There are plenty of other reasons to enjoy this CD/download, like delightful ballad "Nude" or the strange innuendo laden "Jigsaw Falling Into Place" (my favorite song on the CD).		This is probably the most non-aggressive CD Radiohead's ever made. At the same time, it's one of their most listenable from start to finish. If I had to rank it, I'd probably put&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Bends/dp/B000002TQV/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Bends</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/OK-Computer/dp/B000002UJQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">OK Computer</a>&nbsp;ahead of it, and rank it even with&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Hail-To-The-Thief/dp/B000092ZYX/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Hail To The Thief</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Kid-A/dp/B00004XONN/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Kid A</a>. Given a few more weeks, "In Rainbows" could grow on me even more, as I keep returning to "Jigsaw" and "Weird Fishes."
0,One of the better Roger albums
0,I love this CD and my Friends and My Family love it too. That's all I have to say
0,Awesome!
0,This is a very solid album. I think it's probably their best overall work since their albums of the 80's. If I compare it to their recent "Relocated" release, the technology and style are pretty much the same. But what this album offers is consistency. Nearly every song is very good. If you like synth-pop that's not dance music, not necessarily electronica, and melancholy but not outright depressing, you'll really enjoy this album. It's skillful synth work without being the common, cookie-cutter American mainstream that's built for speed and profit rather than for the sake of the art. Nice work, Camouflage!
0,Excellent cd and it never skipped.
0,Great to find a c/d that allows me to hear Ms. Branigan again!  No one has had a voice like hers.
0,For those of you that are big HEART fans I would like to let you know that this CD rocks. Also 2 extra brand new songs not listed on the description of this CD can be found if you buy this CD at "TARGET" since the band made a special deal with the retailer it looks like. $9.99 gets you 2 extra songs worth the money.
0,Because, judging by the huge number of negative responses to reviews of this album, there's something odd going on here. Clearly, a lot of people just don't like Suzanne Vega, which is fair enough - she's an acquired taste. But, if you like her, this is an excellent outing... sure, it lacks the raw "edge" of her best early work but then she's now in her late 40's and artists mellow with time. Maybe her fans don't like this unfortunate (or fortunate) fact of musical life. Certainly rating an album review on either basis is pretty unfair.		Truth is that, as with her previous albums, it takes time for the underlying strength of her inherently "catchy" tunes to register but, once they do, it's as good as anything else she's released and, fan or not, a pretty good slice of high quality MOR folk/rock. Time for a bit more objectivity...
0,Great band What else can I say? This is a great purchase a one of a kind cd from a unique drummer, singer-songwriter, this is more than awesome.
0,this album is like a collage of all their previous studio albums patched together, although it tends to lean a bit more toward their output from the last decade. Upon initial listen , I wasn't entirely bowled over; repeated listens revealed another great album. I do miss the long , meandering jams from 1993 and Dave's visceral lyrics but I also understand the band's need to grow and refine their music. My only complaint is that Boyd and Jeff don't have more playing time..otherwise another great DMB album to add to your collection
0,Godfather of Soul, Soul Brother #1, Minister of New, New Super Heavy Funk. You shouldn't need some old white man's review to convince you to buy some JB, unless you've been living under a rock for the last 60 years. NOt only is he James Brown, but he brought us some Bootsy as well.
0,This is the perfect CD to listen to whenever you have the blues.  Most of the tracks are calm and relaxing.  Don't be tricked by the Bodyrock single, there's only a couple songs like that...  There are not many CDs out there  that actually leave you feeling changed and transformed.  This is one of  them.
0,All time classic! Enough said .  I have been rockin to this disc for over 20 years now and it never disappoints.
0,The opening amazingly beautiful reading of "Nature Boy" is so stunning when Ronu Majumdar's flute begins it's circling run around Hassell's	solo trumpet. wow. we know we are in for something unique and amazing.	This is Hassell's first CD to include covers and as a fan, I welcome this as a trend. This CD is at once beautiful, odd, provocative, and	occasionally challenging. I suppose you could expect that with a meeting of Hassell, Cooder, Majumdar, and Terrasson.	Like most Water Lily cds, it's Recorded live to stereo master in that Santa Barbara seminary with all that fetishist tube gear as usual. Music like	this sums up the underlying vibe of Santa Barbara.
0,Great Service, Great CD.
0,I Just cant understand how can somone give it less...  The cd is off the Hook!!	Havent Heard such a classic in a long long time.	P-E-R-F-E-C-T ! ! !
0,We lost a great songwriter, singer, and entertainer when we lost Dan Fogelberg.  He is one of the few singers that can bring me to tears in a sad song.  Dan opens with two wonderful ballads on the Home Free album and then totally does a 180 on More Than Ever singing it with such twang it nearly doesn't even sound like him.  Long Way Home intro starts off like a fun John Denver song but Dan's singing reminds me of a rock singer from the 70s.  Quite a variety of songs and sounds and genres on this great album from 1972.
0,I have truly enjoyed this CD.  Although it was recorded and released back in 1999, I just recently purchased it.  This CD is upbeat and contains some great worship songs like "I've Found Jesus", "You are my king", "Better is One day" and "Be Glorified".	The sound quality of the live recording is excellent, and a wide variety of worship songs are presented.  These songs represent some of the best worship music to hit the Christian community in years.  Luckily for me, the churches I have attended the past few years are starting to integrate some of these songs (and others like them) into our worship service.	I highly recommend this CD to anyone who owns other Passion CDs.  If you enjoyed those CDs you will enjoy this one as well.  For those who have not heard of Passion, or any of the songs on this CD, buy it and see if it is for you.  Also, if your church is not playing any of these songs, talk with your Pastor about getting with the times.
0,Great voice and great music!  This is a great throw-back to the rat-pack days and Michael's voice is just pure butter!
0,This is so good!!
0,This three-disc set is amazing.  So much of it was familiar from the previous (and unauthorized) LPs.  I wore the grooves off of these albums back in high school.  It's fantastic to finally be able to listen to them again.  I was so disappointed when&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Sleep-Dirt/dp/B0000009SU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sleep Dirt</a>&nbsp;was re-released with those wretched vocals--what a relief to be able to hear it again after all those years.  (My vinyl collection was destroyed in the 1994 Northridge Earthquake, so I've been estranged from a lot of these tunes for many many years.)		Buy it, rip it to your iPod, and listen to all three discs, one after another.  It will quench your thirst with FZ's finest works.
0,The best is great, beautiful remastering.
0,I know guys, its been seven long years but now its time for the bold return of the REAL Metallica...even though they would die the following year with S&M and then go to hell in 2003 with St. Agony. After the Black Album it was like Satan emerged out of nowhere to take the souls of these once mighty metalheads and then use replacements that had no talent at all. Okay, with that theory aside all I can say is that this is going to be required for any die-gard, but also keep in mind that, although this is covers its still Metallica and IS good. But be warned, this is the last good Metallica album...		Metallica albums:		Kill 'Em All - 9/10		Ride the Lightning - 11/10		Master of Puppets - 12/10		Garage Days Re-revisisted - 10/10		...And Justice for All - 9.5/10		The Black Album - 7/10		Binge and Purge - 7/10		Garage Incorporated - 8/10		'Tallica Albums:		Load - 4/10		Reload - 2/10		S&M - 1.5/10		St. Anger (more like St. Ass) - [-6/10]
0,it was delivered on time and price was great too. this is my second favorite album. i love this album, work of art.
0,P.O.D.'s album "Satellite" was ever so close to being a complete masterpiece but upon hearing track 13 "Without Jah, Nothin'" I did something I never did to this album, I skipped the track.  I figured that maybe I needed to give it a try later.  I did and I just barely listened to the whole song all the way through.  However the rest of this album, 14 tracks worth, is pure fun and very choppy addictive music.  The highlight song is "Youth of the Nation" with a very haunting verse riff and the children singing the chorus towards the end.  The song that I listen to even more since the World Trade Center attack is "Alive" (My heart and blessings go out to all of you who have been affected by this horrible event) All and all this is a great album but I just wish circumstances were a bit better right now to fully enjoy the experience.
0,I bought this last year with the Pacific Rim soundtrack and the 2014 chibi sets.		I think this is an excellent soundtrack and fits well with the films tone of being dark and serious.  Alexandre Desplat is one of the best composers of the series along with Akira Ifukube, Masaru Sato, Takayuki Hattori, among the other composers.  My favorite track is the opening titles "Godzilla", it sets the tone of the movie and is really catchy.  The soundtrack helps move the flow of the film and keeps an eerie feeling when the monsters are on screen.		I am a huge fan of Godzilla having seen all the movies and heard all the soundtracks.  This fits with the classic Toho Godzilla soundtracks.  I have listened to this repeatedly since I got it and I enjoy it every time.  The movie is great and in my top 10, without this soundtrack, it wouldn't have been as great.  Godzilla is an excellent soundtrack that I think every Godzilla fan will enjoy.  Definitely pick this up!
0,Never haveing heard of The Frames, I read a very good review of "The Cost" and ordered it. I am so glad I did. I put it in my cd player 2 weeks ago and I've listened to the whole cd about 10 times. If you buy music to listen to all of the songs on the cd, you'll especially like this one as EVERY song is great. As I said above, don't pass this one up. You will be forever gratefull that you got it!
0,It is tragic that The Big Bopper's life and career ended so soon. His music is fun to listen to and I am quite pleased to have this CD as part of my music collection. Also, Amazon plays an important part in helping me to build my music library. I can always find what I need and have never been disappointed in their service. They DESERVE five stars!
0,Good singers - product as listed
0,I've always felt that Lonnie Liston Smith was an artist that never got the credit he deserved. Over the years, his albums from his Columbia & Flying Dutchman catalog have went out of print, robbing music fans of some soothing & classic sounds. Finally, the folks at Sony are giving Smith the credit he was long overdue, by releasing this compilation of his four Columbia albums: "Loveland", "Exotic Mysteries", "A Song For The Children", & "Love Is The Answer". And just like all of the reviewers have noted, the music on this 2-cd set is funky & seductive all at the same time. I'm happy that one reviewer pointed out that the track "Fruit Music", which is on the vinyl version of the "Children" album, was left out, more than likely due to time limitations on a single disc of music. But for those of you not fimiliar with that song, it's a six-minute disco piece written by guitarist Aurell Ray, & sung by vocalist James Robinson. It was the song that closed out the album. Other than that, the remaining 3 albums are all complete. If you're like myself, you may want to seek out the vinyl versions of all these albums to see the complete liner notes, as some of those were left out of this CD release. But other than those minor flaws, this 2-cd set is a great start for those just getting into Lonnie Liston Smith for the first time, or just to have for those "Quiet Moments" with someone special.
0,VERY COOL
0,these I think are there best
0,A very good singer, I love this album and growing more fond oi as time goes on. I just wish he would release a record of the songs he sang on The X Factor.
0,This CD is AWESOME,  I was shocked to find the entire playlist to be as good as it is.  BUY IT...You will not be dissapointed.  If you are into Grunge this CD is for you.
0,I really like this guy, and I don't like guy singers. But I was confused, I thought he was a she and that "her" name was Danielle Bettingfield, lmao. Did anyone else think the person singing gotta get through this was a black girl?
0,Never Too Late ****		Finally a copy of this was tracked down. I have been searching for any release by the Answer for quite some time. Given I was a little dissapointed when all I could find was a four song Ep, however it is a damn good Ep.		This four Irishmen having been receiving comparisons to prime Led Zeppelin, AC/DC, and I want to add Aerosmith to this list. Also would like to note that they are known for including Aerosmiths 'Sweet Emotion' into their set list, a song which they cover very well.		AS for the Ep itself, it is a four song power house. 'Never Too late' the title track alongside 'Highwater Or Hell' make the perfect paring of great rock n' rollers complete with incredible vocals and hard crunching guitar riffs and great solos. 'The Doctor' being the strongest track on the release is slow crawling blues with some of the finest guitar playing I have heard in years. But the Ep closes with what might be the bands most popular song as of yet, 'Come Follow Me' while recorded live in Japan is still a powerhouse and contains one of the best rock riffs in a long time.		Many issues of the Ep are released with a second dvd which contains live footage and music videos which is really cool and can only add to the release.		The Answer is the sort of rock n' roll band that many like myself live for with their sleazy guitar rock while other find it emotionless and pretentious. It is both and it should be, that is what rock n' roll is about. Check it out
0,Moonswept is a magnificent step forward and backward and perfect. Any former fan of the ladies is sure to enjoy this as much as their very first release and those that followed. However, this is the first Roches recording since the first one that may be heard by a first time Roches listener and be appreciated from the beginning to end. I am so glad to have the three of them together again. Their solo and duo recordings are all good---but none are as significantly elegant as this--their first together in many years. Long live the threesome--may they record again and again. I'll be there to listen and appreciate. Starting the Moonswept epic with "Us Little Kids" is genius. First time listeners will be hooked by the pathos of the lyrics and the beauty of their combined voices and be open to the rest of the songs. Come on people---buy this---buy it now---you'll thank me--thank yourself and become an honorary Roche at the same time. Join the family and enjoy!!!
0,Wonderful gospel cd.
0,The first two tracks on this cd blew me away. Reach for the Sky & Out for Love. These two first cuts makes it worthwhile to obtain this. Not that the rest of the cd is bad it rocks all the way through. But listen to the blazing guitars and bass on the first  two cuts on this cd and you'll be hooked. Other great tunes on it are Dance for Me Baby, The Wild Life, Real Love, Shake this Place and Old Man .The production on this is well done so you'll move to the music. I was happy with the purchase because I got it used at a bargain price in very good shape through Amazon.
0,i love "all about the bass" that the only song i wanted form this cd
0,As usual, the quartet from Louth sounds great and I love the tunes, but sometimes this sounds more like a Shania Twain CD than a Corrs CD(especially the title track).  This is a CD well worth buying.
0,About as good a single cd compilation of Dion & group as you would want & very inexpensive to boot.
0,This album is a little better than the other albums that came out I sure enjoyed it much better I'm happy with it.
0,Scorpions is one of my favorite bands. They have stayed totally with their classic style this album in my opinion is fantastic. Some groups tend to slip a little as they get older I feel that they are just as good as ever. I would venture to say that this is possibly their best album.
0,Obituary is just a classic, one of the most important acts in the death metal scene, this one was a return to arms, and just for that I think is worthy, but make no mistake it is a great work, and the price was very good.
0,This album makes me feel like nothing else out there. I can imagine that this is the musical equivelent to overdosing on pain killers. The melodies are so original and dig so deep into your brain that it seems amazing that noone had penned them already. The production is cleaner than something about airplanes but not nearly as glossy as their third album. This album is the perfect compromise between the lo-fi genius of airplanes and the pure pop of the photo album. Enjoy.
0,great
0,One of my favorite albums, of that era. A lot of good songs here, some of which didn't get much radio play. If you like hard rock, with some blues influence, this is the album for you.
0,This is GREAT!!! ...But EVERYBODY wants the Re-Invention Tour DVD!!! Go ahead! Relase it!!!
0,I, like many other people, became familiar with Pearl Jam via songs like "Alive" and "Daughter" that I listened to on the radio back in the 90s. I recently acquired a taste for the band via some videos of theirs I have been able to watch on the internet and, after a momentary lapse of reason, dumped listening to Hip-Hop/Top 40. I can safely say that Pearl Jam is one of the bands that brought me back to rock & roll. A friend of mine also allowed me to listen to this CD at work and, like one reviewer points out, it grows on you. I love the anti-authoritarian streak Pearl Jam has in their songs and the CD's strong anti-war message is a reflection of the band's (especially Eddie Vedder's) convictions. This album gets better each time I listen to it too and it is also refreshing to have read on Amazon and elsewhere that PJ has 'returned to its roots' too since I think this album's style of music is similar to their "Ten" and "Vs" releases that I recommend you pick up as well. Hopefully, this will spark a resurgence of the grunge genre without copy cat Pearl Jam bands. This is a solid rock album with many songs with furious, in-your-face instruments and vocals and, so far, is the best rock album of 2006!
0,One might argue that when only two of the original four members of The Who are left, that any new recording is not truly The Who. I disagree. The tunes are all by the group and Pete Townsend (the genius behind the group) and Roger Daltry (perhaps the greatest of all rock vocalists) perform admirably--with one exception to be noted later. Quadrophenia is performed in its entirety, with a few new features and jams included. Five other Who classics are offered as well.		The boys are supported ably by not only bass and drums, but organ and horns. This adds depth to the music without cluttering it up in an overproduced fashion. The drummer provide the needed energy and finesse, a hard task in light of the memory of Keith Moon (d. 1978), who played on most the bands hits.		What is remarkable, besides the tightness of the large group, is the vocal power of Daltry. Yes, his voice is deeper now, but he has really lost no power and little range. I imagine the shirt is now buttoned, but the pipes are in fine shape. No one could match the feel and pathos of Daltry's vocals: pleading, screaming, questioning, strutting. I was nearly in tears at the end of Quadrophenia. The memories of forty years ago were rekindled by a superb and emotional performance.		My one complaint is Townsend's performance on "Won't Get Fooled Again." He seems bored with the tune and plays with it more than he plays it with any conviction. The strong power chords of the original version are often missed, thus robbing likely the best rock and roll song ever of much of its drama and rhythmical  force. The strutting pulsation of the original is all but wiped out. No other instrument can carry that but the guitar. I listened a second time to see if I missed something, but I did not. Pete did.
0,I admit that I bought this album mostly because of the picture, but Kacey actually writes (cowrites) most of the music on here!  This is mostly audio bubblegum, but then there was this PBS American Masters episode about Carole King.	Everyone I know is quite happy to have this album playing as we work or relax.  I now have to acquire the entire Musgraves catalog.
0,Chris Rea never disappoints.
0,The music style takes us back to 70's pop/rock influences as broad as Elton John, ELO, Sweet, America and, Pink Floyd with hints of more current groups Oasis and Wallflowers. The album is harmonious and melodic with an extremely well produced 21st century sound in it's technology and sonic sound effects. The overall sound is crisp and clean without being overly commercial.	"California" is a memorable tune with an instant likeability. This strong opening track sets the pace for a consistent and enjoyable pop/rock experience. With "One Ray Of Light" Alexander Greenwald proves his vocal ability. This alluring power ballad inspires with it's beautiful arrangement of instuments. Each instrument is carefully performed to a level of emotional intensity. My favorite track is "Turn Smile Shift Repeat". It's an unusual and unique song very Beatlesque. The great sax solo by Mark K. Schoenecker provides hints of a cool jazz sound. This modern rock track excells with interesting guitar and vocal effects. "Something Is Wrong" closes the album with an easy laidback feeling. This simple tune is reminiscent to mid 70's Paul McCartney ie; "Bluebird" and "Warm And Beautiful".	With it's trio of guitars and melodically blended vocals this album is a treat for any music lover.
0,In late 1982, after the release of PRIVATE AUDITION, both Steve Fossen and Michael Deroiser, bassist and drummer for Heart, had left the band, leaving just Ann Wilson, Nancy Wilson, and Howard Leese. After their departure from the band, Ann, Nancy, and Howard replaced Steve Fossen with bassist, Mark Andes, and had replaced Michael Deroiser with drummer, Denny Carmassi. The new lineup for Heart now features: ANN WILSON (Lead and backing vocals), NANCY WILSON (Vocals, Acoustic, Electric & Lead Guitars), HOWARD LEESE (Keyboards, Elecritc & Lead Guitars, Backing Vocals), MARK ANDES (Bass & Backing Vocals), & Denny Carmassi (Drums).		  In 1983, Heart released their eighth album entitled, PASSIONWORKS. This album was to be their first with Mark and Denny, but their last album with Epic Records. You would think that because PRIVATE AUDITION had flopped, PASSIONWORKS would have sold, but that isn't the case here. PASSIONWORKS, even though it is a great album, had flopped pretty badly, as PRIVATE AUDTION had done.		HOW CAN I REFUSE		  The first single from the album. Great tune here. A real hard rocker.		BLUE GUITAR		  Great song.		JOHNNY MOON		  Great.		SLEEP ALONE		  Not bad.		TOGETHER NOW		  Great.		ALLIES		  The second & final single from the album. An incredible power ballad.		(BEAT BY) JEALOUSY		  Not bad.		HEAVY HEART		  Not bad.		LOVE MISTAKE		  Nancy, again, takes over on lead vocals for one song, which, on this album, would be this song. A great ballad.		LANGUAGE OF LOVE		  Great.		AMBUSH		  Not bad.		  This is a great album, and I wish it had received the recognition it deserve. This album was too underrated by critics and diehard Heart fans. Get this album. That's my best advice.
0,This is my first DJ Dan CD. I listened to the samples on Amazon and liked the funky beats and guitar. I was in the mood for some funk. Then when I got the CD I put it in my stereo and from track 7 on, the funk is gone the  ACID came on moving me through xtremely cool trance on the next 6 tracks  back to the funky start. My girlfriend doesn't like house, but she liked  the funky start and didn't mind listening to the rest...
0,Great CD.
0,Another great job by Franz!  This fellow can really transcribe!  Super job Lizst!
0,This is one of the best concert DVDs I have ever seen.  If you like Styx at all, you will love this.  The boys look and sound great!!  Man they have aged well and sure remember how to rock.  The opening track will have you hooked.  Order now!!
0,I actually recently got this for my sister, because it's such a special album. It's not crunching rock, which we all know Neil is great at, but its quieter, emotionally deep with lovely harmonies from the late Nicolette Larson. Great album!
0,thank you
0,I'm not usually a big Eric Clapton fan, and even though Wynton Marsalis is a phenomenal trumpet player, sometimes he comes off to me as too clinical and he doesn't "swing." Rest assured, both of those preconceptions go out the door in this concert recording.		First off, the music on this concert CD consists of old-school blues played in a jazz/Dixieland style. While I wasn't familiar with many of the songs, the interpretations really work and allow all of the various instruments to be showcased at one time or another - trumpet, clarinet, piano, banjo, trombone, drums. Every now and then you can hear a Clapton electric guitar riff and only once or twice does it seem out of place. Layla is reworked as a Dixieland dirge with a plodding tempo and, man does it work that way.		You can tell right away that these guys are having a BLAST. It really shows in the playing, which is masterful. And effortless. At times you think these guys just hooked up for a jam session, and then you listen to some unison/harmonized horn runs and realize the technical proficiency on display. Not one note is out of place.		In addition, this is a really hot recording. It seems like microphones were placed midway between the crowd and the band and turned all the way up so every little sound in the room is picked up. It really makes you feel imbedded in the concert and adds to the feel. And the acoustic horn and percussion instruments blend together exceptionally. It reminds me of being in Preservation Hall in New Orleans.		So all I can say is that the musicianship on here is incredible and the CD is a lot of fun. If you like Dixieland-based jazz arrangements, you will really enjoy this.
0,Great album, well structured and with a good taste of music from across most of thier albums.  Favourtie songs - all of them.  No real low points from the album.
0,I had previously only heard most of these songs on Days of Purgatory or Alive in Athens with Matt Barlow on vocals. So I picked up the remastered version, wow, does this kick butt. This release has the intensity and rawness of great debut metal albums like Megadeth Killing is my Business, Iron Maiden self titled, and Testament's The Legacy. The vocals are pretty good, and suit the music and sound very well. I am a big fan of Iced Earth, and I would rate this album overall 3rd on my list, with Night of the Stormrider being first (1st) and Something Wicked this Way Comes # 2. Also check out Framed Armageddon with Tim Owens on vocals.
0,Just right.
0,Great CD. Love David Foster and his guests. Always entertaining.
0,Top of the line box set. From the kings of Southern Rock
0,There couldn't be a better title for this album, for it truly is an absolute thriller! I could go on telling you of how it is the biggest selling album of all time, had a record number or top ten singles, how it won more grammies than any other album...the list goes on. However that still doesn't do much to help you know about the album. This album revolutionized music, and music videos. Most of the tracks are uptempo dance songs. "Wanna be Startin' Somethin'", "Baby Be Mine", "Thriller", "Beat It", "Billie Jean", and "P.Y.T." all implore you to get to the dance floor. This album is full of upbeat and catchy songs. The only thing the album may be lacking in somewhat is depth. If you are looking for something to rock to then this is it! However, if you are looking for music that is more personal and carries some kind of message, I would direct you away from this particular album and toward Michael's more recent works. I'd like to remind you all the Michael's music videos and performances are as enthralling visually as his songs alone are audibly. Be sure to check out HIStory disc 2 for some of the greatest he has to offer! Looking at the album for what it is, (party music) it is unparalleled. No collection is complete without this monumental record. After listening to this cd, there should be no question why Michael is and forever will be "The King of Pop".
0,Yes! YES! The best album Van's put out since A Sense of Wonder, and it might even be better than that, which would mean this is his best album since Veedon Fleece, which at this point is thirty-four years old. That's not to say he's been in suck-ville for the past three decades (unlike someone we know - hi, Santana!), because he's made good records in between those two. A Sense of Wonder! Poetic Champions Compose! Enlightenment! Back on Top! Magic Time! Irish Heartbeat's probably good, too! And all of them are better than Avalon Sunset! Ha! But anyway, this isn't any more than Van going over territory he's been down several times before. The difference between this and the similar Down the Road (if you haven't heard it, don't bother - it isn't bad or anything, but that's about all I can say for it) is that Van's actually putting loads of effort into this one. In fact, the first three songs are all pretty much classic Van. "How Can a Poor Boy?" has a great chorus hook and fun horns. "School of Hard Knocks" has a great guitar hook and, most importantly, Van sounding youthful and invigorated on the vox again. "That's Entrainment" has a bit of jazz, a bit of country and a bit of soul. It sounds really good, too! I just wish it had been a bit longer, so Van could do his signature romantic ad-libbing. The next song, "Don't Go to Nightclubs Anymore," sound a bit too nightclubbish for my tastes, but hey! It's not bad at all! In fact, there's only one bad song on this album, which I'll get to in a moment. Anyway, the downbeat "Lover Come Back" is quite enjoyable. So is the acoustic-blues title track. And the guitar solo on "End of the Land." Then you get that aforementioned weak track, "Song of Home." It's country, and I don't like country. Another thing I don't like about this album are the lyrics. Van's mostly whining about how bad the industry has treated him, something he's been doing for quite a while now ("Soul," which still has another great guitar solo, this one electric and rock-oriented, title track, "School of Hard Knocks"), though he's also sometimes spewing clichs  ("End of the Land," "Lover Come Back"), or trying and failing to make a reasonable hook out of "Blah, blah, blah" on the otherwise enjoyable "Behind the Ritual." I've never been a huge fan of Van's non-Astral Weeks related lyrics in the first place, but here they're just banal and stupid. Still, lyrics aren't everything, and I like the music here so much that it's a moot point.
0,This CD packs more tracks than their last, but they also cut back on the twelve minute epics.  Don't go thinking that Opeth have gone soft or lost there edge.  These aren't sappy love ballads.  In fact, they sound kind of creepy, like a bad 70's acid trip.  "Windowpane" sounds like it could've been in the movie The Others.  Akerfeldt's vocals are soothing, but Lindgren plays some ominous guitar riffs.  In true Opeth style, the instrumental that concludes the track outweighs the lyrics.  The lyrics take center stage on "In My Time of Need", a song about contemplating suicide (at least I think so).  Its delivery is powerful and despondent.  There's more doom and gloom in "Death Whispered a Lullaby".  The more you listen, the more you see how the songs all come together.  Akerfeldt brings it down to a whisper on "Hope Leaves".  On the instrumental track "Ending Credits", the rhythm section displays their fondness for bands like Pink Floyd.  "Weakness" concludes our eerie journey, but leaves you with one question...is this really the lighter CD or was it Deliverance?	Bottom Line:	Damnation is loaded with beautiful vocal melodies, soothing acoustic guitars, and calming musical interludes.  All this from a death metal band!  Opeth break down musical stereotypes with this 360-degree musical venture.  Death metal fans may be disappointed, but fans of rock in general will be quite impressed.  Damnation is the light at the end of Deliverance's dark tunnel (or is it?).  Side by side these two discs are sheer rock brilliance.
0,FUN!
0,Great music, talented group.  Love the regional and popular music selections and the stage presentation.  This group has been special year after year.
0,13 tracks of pop rock! This rocker would probably sell better without the appearance of Marilyn Manson on track #7! Thanx!
0,The Carte Blanche line has always been Naked's more open-ended and experimental outlet, and volume 3 of the series is no exception to this trend.  Here, Naked ventures, even more so than before, well beyond the boundaries of the house and downtempo genres for which they are known and into sounds and concepts that are novel and quite a good bit more sophisticated in many cases.  That in itself is inevitably going to put some listeners ill-at-ease - but it shouldn't give them an excuse to bash something just because the sonics are frosty fresh.	The bottom line for me, as a lover of MUSIC first and foremost, is that the tracks on Carte Blanche 3 are of exceptional quality and diversity.  In terms of time signatures, rhythms, syncopations, programming, and effects, there is some really remarkable stuff here.  The Streetlife Originals tune is almost baroque in its boppy complexity and builds on the group's already incredible musicianship; the P'taah track is wistful and full of unexpected tones and and emotions, showing that Chris Brann is and will always be the next level; and the Quant stimulator exudes a brand of Scandinavian future-disco glamcore that will put a smile on any carnivore's face.	Bottom line, Carte Blanche 3 is exceptional music - full of soul, intelligence, and innovation.  The risks pay off in a more mature sound that's just as slammin as ever.  It shows us how far things have come in the past few years - new technologies, styles, and labels like Naked that have the courage and vision to put it out there.  Take CB3 for a listen - "the rhythm may seem strange, or cause your thinking to be rearranged" - but if you can't find something that moves you in a new way, there's always the bargain vinyl aisle at Tower.  I hear DJ Sneak is still doing the occasional remix.
0,A great review album of all of janet top 10  hits feauturing a hidden track from janet's 1993 releaase JANET. and The Best Things In Life Are Free, a B- side single note that most tracks from the 1993 release janet are neglected due to contractual reasons because the album was released under virgin while DOAD was released under her former label A&M who have no rights to her music from virggin due to the kindness of the virgin record company and janet herself that's the way love goes and whoops now are feautred great buy and alittle bit better than the u.s release due to the extra tracks 99.9/100
0,Track 1 `Feel the Love' starts off mid beat, a feature which foreshadows this indie-pop trios avante-guard style. This kick start allows them to develop the wispy and synthetic sound effects so that by 60 seconds into "In Ghost Colours" you're already in the middle of a pop song. If you like the faraway, deep but nasally sounding vocals of Peter Bjorn & John, then you'll enjoy the style of Dan Whitford on this album.		If I had been a consumer of more 80's music, I could probably drop a lot of references, but alas, I thought most of it was crap when I was listening to grunge and industrial rock. However if you are a fan of that era, this album is definitely for you, and by the end of the second track, you'll forget this is a new album. Because where `Feel the Love' starts off feeling 80's wannabe, by `Lights and Music' it's 100% 80's - samples, electro bass-funk, winding keyboards, and all! Robotic vocals atop synth keys really do create that 80's environment. If I didn't know better, I'd swear they somehow slipped in the soundtrack to the arcade version of Ninja Gaiden. Somehow they pull it off with a modern feel though, because it's catchy, not annoying and clich&eacute;. At times sounding a bit like PB&J, and others like Robert Smith meets Julian Casablancas, they span the genre fairly well with this accessible release.		They seem to use the short tracks `We Fight For Diamonds'  and `Voice in Quartz' as ambient interludes. Transitioning styles between the indie-pop feel and the 80's flashback.		Many folks reference Daft Punk when talking about this band, but that's a mistake. The heavy handed hardcore electronic beats Daft Punk is known for are substituted here with pop-riffs and soft-tronica. Again, an underground 80's reference would be handy here, please refer to paragraph 2.		Standout tracks are `Lights and Music' for it's authentic 80's happy groove and 'Strangers In The Wind' for it's uniqueness, busting out the Moody Blues' slide guitar. If you want to cut to the chase and see what you're in for with this album, listen to the first 20 seconds of `Far Away' it's a microcosm of the aftertaste given to us by Cut Copy.		I'm rating this 3.5 stars, but giving it the benefit of the doubt!		-thanks for reading!-
0,As his latest release, "Hardcastle 6", clearly shows, Paul Hardcastle's glorious winning streak continues. The King Of Smooth Jazz has delivered another irresistible platter of pulsating feel-good smooth grooves that are soooo sweet to my ears. I just can't get enough of Hardcastle's world-class music, he's that good.		There are no losers anywhere on "Hardcastle 6", starting off with a tasty blend of Hardcastle's signature tune, "Rainforest", and the old Marvin Gaye classic, "What's Going On", with a dash of "19" tossed in for extra measure. It works beautifully. More toe-tapping delights are found in other great tracks like "Night Time Hustle", "Neon Adventure", "DC Boogie", "Easy Come Easy Go", and "Into The Blue". Paul is once again joined on this album by the very-soulful singer Becki Biggins, who perfectly compliments Hardcastle's instrumentation on such great songs like "1000 Miles From Nowhere", "Lost For Words" (my favorite song on the album---I can't get enough of this one), and "Let This Love Begin". Margo LeDuc is another fine vocalist, and she gives excellent turns at the mike on "DC Boogie" and "Into The Blue". Great cameos from Paul's talented offspring Maxine on backing vocals and Paul Jr. on sax are also excellent. "Hardcastle 6" also features a couple of alternate mixes of the "Rainforest/What's Going On" mash-up, "Blew My Mind" and "1000 Miles From Nowhere", which could all be considered filler by some listeners I suppose, but they're all a great pleasure to listen to, just like the rest of the album.		"Hardcastle 6" is yet another jewel in Paul Hardcastle's smooth-jazz crown. In uncertain times like these, it's great that someone like Paul Hardcastle continues to make such uplifting music as this. You can't go wrong with Mr. Hardcastle.
0,Perfect
0,The music of this made for TV show, MAD MEN got under my skin and I had to have it. An eclectic collection of music well worth the price. The opening theme in particular....
0,Metropolis Pt. 2: Scenes From A Memory(1999). Dream Theater's fifth studio album.		 Ever since Dream Theater hit big with their second album Images & Words(1992), they have been gradually evolving and changing as artists, never sticking to the exact same sound twice. The third album Awake(1994) saw DT take on a darker, heavier tone than before, and the EP A Change Of Seasons(1995) had DT tackle on a massive 24-minute epic. The following year, they released the noticeably more commercial Falling Into Infinity(1996) which didn't bode very well for the band at the time. They felt unsatisfied with the outcome, so the band decided to break off and create their most progressive album yet, in the form of the famous, SFAM.		 Before I talk about the album itself I'd like to get something out of the way: I DO NOT think that this is the best DT album, but at the same time, it's not bad or average either. Judging by the reviews I've found here, there are two types of people: ones who love this album and hail it as the pinnacle of all music history, or the ones who bash this album needlessly because they hate DT. I come from an uncommon middle stance where I love DT and like this album a lot, but do not think of this as an absolute masterpiece either. I first got into DT with I&W, which literally blew me away upon first listen. Then I bought Awake and Train Of Thought(2003). Loved those ones too. And then came SFAM. I saw all kinds of reviews all over the place praising this release as the greatest progressive metal album of all time. Hmm... that's a pretty bold statement considering all the amazing stuff I've heard over the years, so of course with all this hype by EVERYONE, it would only set me up for disappointment on the first listen. And I was right. Initially, it didn't grab me much at all, and I didn't feel the need to give it repeated listens, but eventually over a long time I gradually grew into it. And now I like this album quite a bit. Many of the tracks on here are some of the best DT has ever conceived, while others fall a bit short. I still like and listen to I&W, Awake, WD&DU, and 6DOIT more than this one, but it's a great album once it grows on you.		 SFAM is an album that DT definitely had to make eventually, as evidenced from the way they indicated the I&W song Metropolis as a "Part 1". Throughout the album, you'll hear familiar musical passages and lyrics taken from that song. Of course, SFAM is a fully-fledged concept album detailing the story of a man who goes to a psychotherapist to enter a dream and recall the events of a possible past life in 1928 where a woman gets murdered by his brother. It all plays out in a rock opera-style two act play with each track or two tracks covering a scene of the story. You can tell that DT were careful in crafting the music so that it directly tied in with the story, and in that aspect they were quite successful. All the bandmembers show outstanding musicianship, not always all at once, but you'll get to at least hear everyone shine somewhere. Portnoy and Petrucci are great here, though I believe they sounded better on the next album. However, Labrie and Myung are the ones who stand out the most to me on this album. One notable addition to this album is Jordan Rudess. He is definitely the most qualified keyboardist for DT as his prowess is often unmatched. Now onto the tracks:		 'Regression' starts off with the psychotherapist who causes the main character Nicholas to begin dreaming, entering a brief accoustic passage with Labrie's singing. It breaks right into 'Overture 1928' and 'Strange Deja Vu' which see the classic DT sound we know and love. 'Through My Words' is a short musical interlude which leads into the awesome Queen-like 'Fatal Tragedy'. 'Beyond This Life' is interesting as well, followed by the slow and okay 'Through Her Eyes'. It picks right back up again with the two best tracks on the album, 'Home' and 'The Dance Of Eternity'. 'One Last Time' is short and slow, but sweet, while 'The Spirit Carries On' is more of a soul ballad. Not my type of song, though I can see many people enjoying it. The last track 'Finally Free' wraps things up nicely with the psychotherapist bringing Nicholas back to reality through a decent lighter prog rocker. I do find the ending to be rather odd, but whatever. I guess it fits.		 While this album doesn't blow me away like I&W, Awake, and 6DOIT did, and though Queensryche's Operation Mindcrime is still my all-time favorite progressive concept album, I do highly recommend you to check out SFAM and form your own opinion. Come in with an open mind, and remember that it's a great album, but don't walk in expecting it to be the best album of all time or you might be disappointed. In other words, don't listen to the reviews that bash this album, but be wary of all the constant praise as well. Just like it for what it is, as an excellent concept album that no DT fan should skip. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.		 Other similar albums:		 -'Images & Words' by DT		 -'6 Degrees Of Inner Turbulence' by DT		 -'Operation Mindcrime' by Queensryche		 -'Pleasant Shade Of Gray' by Fates Warning
0,These tenors are wonderful. I love the CD. It makes you feel good listening to it as it relaxes all of the tension. I wish I could see them in person
0,All are most certainly entitled to their own opinions. I really enjoyed this performance, and the jamming with Albert King. I'm a big fan of the blues		Back in my 'earlier years', I didn't get the chance to travel to this show in Vancouver, but saw them in Bakersfield and at Winterland (for me, good shows). Jim's health was really frail from all the abuse. It was obvious to anyone seeing them live. They could put on a really good show or a show that might possibly be 'fair', all depending on whether Jim could deliver and perform up to par. Honestly speaking, it was hit or miss		My buddy saw another show in 1970 and said Morrison forgot the words to many songs, told some jokes that no one understood, and then wobbled around on the stage before falling over.		Having said that, I won't disagree that with some of the other released live recordings that it might appear that Jim isn't really trying...It was everything catching up with him - hard living.
0,Paul Simon's first solo LP-filled with beautiful crafted songs,not plain ear candy, but as wide and sincere as a sunset along the New York City skyline. Songs of love and struggle. Sometimes grim but honest-like a man who staires out a quiet window that looks out over the hudson river with questions and obsevations of himself and the human condition!(Mother And Child Reunion,Congradulations,Duncan,Peace Like A River ect)	Paul Simon is not only a great songwriter but is a great musician,his guitar work on this lp is just beautiful.
0,bought long ago, but enjoyed music packaging and shipping was good
0,was great
0,Zao have been around for years going through lineup changes that make Spinal Tap look like U2.  But the honest truth of the matter is that Parade of Chaos, from a "evolution of the band" standpoint, is their creative pinnacle.  It is a far cry from the serious poetic metalcore of Where Blood and Fire Bring Rest, and even farther from All Else Failed, and Splinter Shards.  The sonic improvement of the band is noteworthy.  Scott's riffs are crunchy and groovy (Listen to A Pirate's Prayer).  Jesse's drumming is perfection (Killing Cupid).  Dan sounds great (Angel Without Wings). But the icing on the cake is that this sounds like a band having fun.  The songs lack most of the anger and scariness of their previous albums.  There is more work with electronic loops and sounds which only add to the band's mystique.  Wait, is that a pop music riff I hear?  Overall this is Zao at their most creative, and it really works.  (In retrospect, after viewing the Zao DVD "The Lesser Lights of Heaven," this album was an uncohesive effort and was more or less thrown together to finish thier contract with Tooth & Nail.  Even so, the above review still stands.)
0,Words cannot fully describe the vibes that emerge through the sound of this CD. I first heard it at a Microsoft conference in Virginia. Before the speaker took stage, The Richest Man in Babylon had captivated the audience. Something only a Thiethery Cororation could do. Immagine a group of highly thinkers in the world standing still; Absolutely mesmerized by a mystical fusion of JazzBigBandElectroCeltic sound. It was so ooooo relaxing; so oooo captivating that I  got off my seat, walked to the sound system and asked the MC what algorithm he used to produce such a fantastic sound. He told me the sound was rendered by a DC group called Thievery Corporation. Ever since, I have been and remained a fan. Buy and listen to this CD. Also checkout the dub version of the same album.	Dr. Israel King, Ph. D. Author of:  How To Keep A Man.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/How-To-Keep-A-Man/dp/1419662104/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">How To Keep A Man</a>
0,They've still got it! This is the Moodies' greatest album since "Long Distance Voyager" which came out 18 years and 5 albums earlier. What a wonderful, inspiring, beautiful collection of music! Those hoping for another "To Our Children's Children's Children" may be disappointed, because this is not an art-rock concept album. What it IS is a phenomenal selection of deeply moving music.	This can be explained by a few things. For one thing, this is the first album the band has produced themselves, and so the lackluster production values of the previous three albums are not a problem. For another, keyboardist Patrick Moraz had left the band (not by choice, I hear) and taken his whiny keyboards with him.	The band has not sounded more together in years. During the recording of the last few albums, the band didn't even always visit the studio together, often making separate visits to record their respective parts. That wasn't the case with this album. Ray Thomas and Graeme Edge are no longer absent or pushed to the sidelines; Graeme contributes one of the albums best songs, and Ray contributes a song and is featured heavily throughout the album on voice and flute.	There are some high-tech keyboard sounds, but they somehow manage to blend perfectly with and even add to the sound of the album. The music is soothing, inspirational and original. Justin Hayward contributes two of his greatest songs of recent years with "English Sunset" and the gorgeous "Haunted," which has a sound unlike any other Moodies song in their catalogue. John Lodge contributes a handful of powerful, flute-laced ballads. The title track, a Hayward/Lodge collaboration, is very well recorded after having debuted live during tours from a few years back. And Graeme Edge's "Nothing Changes," a great poem backed by accoustc guitar, electric guitar, flute and piano, all at different times, and concluded with a sung ending, is a fantastic track. They haven't done anything like this since their classic period!	"Haunted", "English Sunset", "Strange Times", "Nothing Changes" and the soaring, heavily orchestrated John Lodge ballad "Words You Say" were all performed to great effect on the album's tour (you can get live renditions of 3 of these 5 songs on the "Hall of Fame" cd.) Every song here is absolutely fantastic. It was eight years between this album and their last studio effort ("Keys of the Kingdom") but I can honestly say it was well worth the wait!	THE MOODY BLUES ARE ALIVE AND WELL, BABY!!!
0,-- let's see, once we had david coverdale's whitesnake, still great after all these years... then there is chris cornell's soundgarden and audioslave, which were terrific each on their own... of course, there's trent reznor's nine inch nails, which is fantastic, and now enter an awsome axl rose's guns n' roses...		... chinese democracy is an incredible tour de force of creative stress... axl has assembled and admirable diverse but solid project from the fruitful interactions he had with several musicians extraodinaires, all over these years... two of them shared with reznor's nin should not come as a surprise...		... chinese democracy's strength comes from one-man's vision, one that has nothing to do with the previous guns n' roses, nor with the time he decided to use to bring it to light!		... leave any preconceptions behind and give the album a chance to surprise you with every play... you won't regret it...
0,I love Outkast, but I don't know what to think about these CD's, especially "The Love Below," I think I like it, I will follow the majority of the customer's advice and continue to listen, because from the first listen I was like what the ****?
0,Always innovators and together a powerhouse collection of electronic ambient music. A must have for fans of either acts.
0,But of course that shouldn't be surprising coming from the man who breathes melody.  I bought this when it first came out in 1991 and was surprised at how much I enjoyed it.  I still listen to it every so often.  The orchestra delivers a stong performance, the singing is wonderful (especially the 4 soloists and the children's choir) and the melodies stay with you long after the CD ends.  McCartney truly is the greatest composer of the last 50 years.
0,this CD is really good and when I hear the songs it makes me feel young again, this CD is almost as good as the DEJA VU album
0,These are Tanya's "less country, more pop" tunes from the early 80s.  Some even with (gasp!) Glen Campbell!  Yeah, their gently rockin', uptempo duet of Bobby Darin's "Dream Lover" is included here.  And you can hear Glen on background in the catchy "Can I See You Tonite."  "Somebody Buy This Cowgirl a Beer" written by the late Shel Silverstein is funny.  Also fun is the do-woppy, recorded by the Pointer Sisters, "Should I Do It?"  Too bad they didn't include more stuff from the album this appeared on, "Should I Do It?"  That had some good tunes, like Leo Sayer's "Stormy Weather" featuring Tanya singing with Emmylou Harris.  If you like the more L.A., pop-sounding Tanya, this is the collection for you!
0,This is a great CD by one of my favorite singers who died way too  soon.
0,How can you love the blues and never mention the name " Jimmy Reed " ?  You can't.... it's that simple.  Jimmy Reed has influenced everybody from Sam Cook & Rod Stewart to the Rolling Stones and beyond.  This cd should be considered an introduction to Jimmy Reed especially since it contains only twelve songs.  Of course, it doesn't get any better than " Big Boss Man " and " Baby What You Want Me To Do " !  So, if you don't have Jimmy Reed in your collection, this cd is a great starting point.
0,I first heard this album when I was a kid. I love all the songs especially "Santa Claus Is Coming to Town". Every song just puts me in the Christmas spirit. This is the best holiday album I've ever heard.
0,wounderful cd glad i bought it.
0,After hearing to "Through The Wire", I had to go pick up the CD. Unlike P.Diddy, Kanye uses samples well. "All Falls Down", "Through The Wire", & "Spaceship", "Slow Jamz"-just to name a few. He took Lauryn Hill's acoustic song and turned it into a great hit "All Falls Down". "Jesus Walks" is one of the best songs on the CD-because he came out with a secular song about Jesus and it was a hit on radio-not gospel radio, but secular stations. He had people chanting "Jesus walks" and that in itself is powerful. I like how his music is so real and socially aware. It is also an entertaining CD- "New Workout Plan" is a funny song that really doesn't fit this album.	Overall, a good debut.
0,This album really cooks. The best Davis album from the seventies and a little known gem waiting to be discovered by all those put off by the more inaccessable albums of this period. Miles never blew harder, Cobham propels  the thing along at a terrific rate and McLaughlin is out of this world.  Dont miss. A peerless melee of Rock, Jazz and Blues
0,So much has been made about how "Nevermind" inspired a generation and started a musical revolution. But the simple fact of the matter is that it did exactly that. Nirvana took the forefront of the "Whatever" generation, and gave them something to be inspired about. Also, this album changed music, transforming it from its glossed over techno-pop back to the gritty core of what made rock and roll special in the first place. Kurt Cobain's lyrics may not make any sense, even to himself, but to people who had nothing else to care about, they meant the world. Nirvana's music was raw and tattered, rough around the edges and aggresive, but this album was exactly what was needed on the scene at the time. Alternative rock became the ultimate counterculture to what was taking place on the radio and MTV at the time, truly letting the world of rock turn the corner. And Nirvana happened to be the posterboys that started this musical revolution, as unlikely as they are, and as unwanted as this position was by Cobain.	The main problem with "Nevermind" is the production, which candy-coats the rawness that was Nirvana. For a better sound, the band stripped things down for "In Utero", which has the pure savagery that "Nevermind" should have had. But this is not enough to stop this disc from being an absolute classic, one of the most important albums of all time.	There are several classic songs here, but I need not say anything more about the importance of a song like "Smells Like Teen Spirit", a song whose opening chords still strike deep in an entire generation of lost souls at the time, who found a delicate solace in the anger of Nirvana.	Whether or not you like the band matters not, as it is undeniable that "Nevermind" rescued us from the hellish songs of Snap! and C+C Music Factory. Now all we are waiting for is another Kurt Cobain to rescue us from Britney, Christina and Justin.
0,I Just Received A Tab in the Ocean. I've Wanted This Album For While now and With the Bonus (Boston Tapes Recordings)It Doesn't Get Any Better. It Came Fast. Professional Packaging. Don't Pay Any Attention to These One Star Reviews. Very Satisfied. Thanks.
0,What happens when you combine some of the best euro pop composers to have ever existed with one of America's darlings of sound, stage, and film? The result is, well, Results. Teaming Liza Minnelli's voice with  orchestrations by the Pet Shop Boys in their era of brilliance, you have a  masterpiece of aural beauty for fans of both artists for fans of early 90s  overproduced euro and dance pop. While I'll admit there is some clash  between the classic vocal stylings and the contemporary programmed synths,  the overall results is a fun album that will have you smiling, thinking,  and bouncing all over.	"I Want You Now" starts us off with a  preview of what is to come -- lush orchestrations with Liza's deep and  powerful voice calling you to move and feel. This version of Stephen  Sondheim's "Losing My Mind" is fantastic. Released as a single,  this dance smash actually is better than the version the PSB sang for  themselves (mainly because of deeper orchestration in this version).  Another sure-fire mover and shaker is "If There Was Love."  Featuring a softer Liza, the vocals melt amid the bobbing dance beat to  make a beautiful understated dance classic. The reading of Shakespeare's  Sonnet 94 at the end is an interesting touch. "So Sorry I Said"  falls into classic PSB ballad mode. In fact, you could almost hear Neil  singing this instead of Liza. "Don't Drop Bombs" really drives  the beat home, and Liza's spoken vocals match the power as this song drives  you to the dance floor to explode into a frenzy. The bridge is really cool  since it matches more Liza's classic stylings. Slower but definitely  driving, "Twist in my Sobriety" is like a show tune on steroids,  with Liza's lilty lyrics getting lost amid pounding drum machines. While  obviously done with their permission, "Rent" should be left to  the PSB. Done reasonably well with a full orchestra, fans of the original  probably won't like this over-dramatized version as well. (It done with  Neil's vocals, though, that's another thing...) Another dance floor smash  released as a single, "Love Pains" is classic PSB programming  melded with Liza's fantastic voice making a happy and bouncy toe-tapper and  rump-shaker. Yet another PSB original and classic, "Tonight is  Forever" is a pared down version (no drum machine), again with full  orchestra. This time Liza's over-dramatized interpretation actually fits,  the beats being replaced with emotional depth. "I Can't Say  Goodnight" leaves us on the rarely heard jazzier side of the PSB with  some cool guitar and sax work. Combined with Liza's luscious voice, it  makes for an appropriately sultry conclusion.	I am first and foremost a  PSB junky. Purchasing this album was a must. The fact that it featured Liza  Minnelli was an added bonus and made for an intriguing experience. While it  wasn't a piece of musical history that was to become part of my soul, it  did make a definite impact on me and is a joy to experience for both  artists' contributions. I give Results a strong 4 star rating.	To be  honest, this album should probably be recommended more for PSB and early  90s euro pop fans. I'm not a Liza fan, and something tells me, that despite  this being a strong performance, this isn't standard Liza or her best work.  But if you want to hear a classic piece of 90s euro dance pop, or if you  want to hear what happens when these two musical geniuses get together, by  all means, get Results. Listening will result in a fun musical experience  that is worth the journey, especially for the price.
0,If we look hard enough, we can always find something we don't like about "Greatest Hits" and "Best of" releases by our favorite recording artists. Mostly, it's the songs left off or the songs left on, but it can be other things as well. This time I'm not going to let my expectations ruin, what is to me, a perfect "Neil Young Greatest Hits" cd. The remastering is exquisite, and this is most evident on "Needle and the Damage Done". It sounds like Neil and his guitar are right in the room. The song selection is perfect, with a nice balance between the acoustic songs and the rockers. The songs are in chronological order, which gives the listener a sense of Young's career history. The album cover is a photo of Neil with an acoustic guitar, from a time in his career that most people probably associate with him. There are no songs after 1992, but rest assured that there will be a GH vol. 2 in the future. I'm a long time fan of Neil Young, and as a concise single cd of his best work, this couldn't be any better.	Highly recommended.
0,Amazing record
0,While a little more POP/Rock-ish than her other stuff, it's ultimately more of the same with a few lyrical pieces thrown in.
0,First of all STOP comparing Thalia to nasty ass Jennifer Lopez, sound be the same, But remember peps its Thalia first english debut. Her voice is just fine shes using it well,  Lots of people make hit records and cannot sing, Thalia is representing A TRUE STRONG MEXICAN WOWEN WITH SAZZ.  And its about time we have a mexican out there doin it along Paulina Rubio.  I have seen enough of Puerto Rican acts doing there thing let mexicos best show it also.  This is a good cd, she sound way better that jennifer lopezs trash and is HOTTER>  thanks
0,As many of his  other C d's the music is nice and you can listen to it anywhere out loud.
0,All young people today should see this DVD to see what a	REAL rock band is all about.  People like myself who grew up in the 70's were exposed to quite a few talented bands, Zep, Floyd,	Queen, Genesis, Yes, etc.  Nowadays the garbage I hear today has musicians(I use the term loosely)who are lucky if they can play 5 chords.  As a matter of fact comparing Zeppelin to any band around now talent-wise is like comparing Einstein to the village idiot.  There simply is no comparison.  The quality on this DVD, sonically and visually is superb and even better than The Song Remains the Same footage because there are no silly fantasy bits.  Page produced this just like he's produced all Zeppelin material and as usual did a great job.  A welcome blessing to Zeppelin fans everywhere.
0,Wow, what a fantastic follow up to&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Even-on-the-Worst-Nights/dp/B0082SIDAG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Even on the Worst Nights</a>.  While&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Maps/dp/B004753R0O/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Maps</a>&nbsp;still remains my favorite release by them, this is a worthy entry in the Mixtapes discography.  The songs are catchy, the lyrics are honest, and they still have that unique sound I love them for.  They've progressed a little and the melodies are more tightly wound, but this is otherwise the same ol' band you know and love.  They have yet to disappoint me, and that's quite a feat considering how prolific they are!  If you like their previous two albums and the many EPs and splits they've done, you should be into this.  Oh, and don't forget to see them live!  They put on a fantastic show and are some of the nicest people on the face of the planet - they deserve all the support they can get.
0,This is my style of music and I went to the concert this year in MN, USA (2004).  It was incredible and far surpassed previous concerts I have been to for Van Halen.  The album is great and there is a couple new songs on it worth hearing.  Go see them in concert and pick up the album beforehand.  Don't be a animal, get it!
0,Chick Corea, Christian McBride, and Brian Blade what more needs to be said, Jazz at it's finest.
0,I remember being given this album by my aunt when I was very young and not really knowing (consciously) what it was telling me. I only realize now what a profound impact that it made on me as I grew up. Thank you Marlo Thomas, Harry Belafonte, Alan Alda and all the people who made this album and television program. You changed a whole generation and did exactly what you set out to do. Today, as I work at a music school for children, I see children that know this album and sing from it. Your work will live on forever as a testament to what a few like-minded people can do. Thank you again.
0,Great Album by a master guitarist.
0,Beloved will go down in history as the best christian band to relase the best hardcore cd in history. Although they decided to end there careers no one should ever forget the emotion envolved with this hard hiting masterpeice."aimless Endeavor" was the no. 1 song on steel roots top ten countdown at one point. It was also featured on fuse too. But the best dong on this cd and many other reviewers will agree w/ me is "only are faces hide" the best screamo hardcore song ever made.		beloved will never be seen agian so this is your only chance to listent to the best harcore band ever.
0,Marshall Crenshaw is a man who seems virtually incapable of making a bad album. Granted, there was the occasional filler tune but almost every album had at least one power-pop classic on it. On "Mary Jean & 9 Others," you have the shimmering heartbreak of "Calling Out For Love At Crying Time." Like his first three albums, "Mary Jean.." carries on the classiscist tradition of weeding the kind of Buddy Holly pop to 80's new wave.		This time it was producer Don Dixon (REM, Smithereeens and Dixon's wife Marti Jones, who adds vocals here) trying to capture Crenshaw's essence. With Crenshaw's pop-leanings and Dixon's affinity towards jangley guitar pop, it should have been a perfect fit. Alas, however, this is the most wooded on Crenshaw's five CD's for Warner Brothers. It doesn't stop the brilliance of "Calling Out For Love" or "Somebody Crying," but it does make "This Street" feel uninspired.		On the other hand, "They Will Never Know" may be one of Crenshaw's best love ballads. The lone cover - of Peter Case's rootsy "Steel Strings" - is a perfect match of artist/production/song, and the exuberant "hold me darling, hold me baby" whoops in "Til That Moment" recall the hype that surrounded his debut album. Had it been any other artist, it probably would have been a landmark of Jangle-pop. Placed next to "Marshall Crenshaw" and "Field Day," its just a really good 4th album that slipped through the cracks. It had fallen out of print for several years (I still have my WB version, thanks Wounded Bird for this and "Downtown"), so this is for the loyal fans that were unwilling to cough up the exorbitant auction prices.
0,Awesome Live CD!  Sounds good and the songs are great
0,Before this album, I had owned Dream Theater's Scenes from a Memory for a while. I loved, and still love that album. And I had heard great things about this album. Since I had loved SFAM, I decided to try this one out. And it turns out, I wasn't disappointed. At all. This album is beyond belief. Everything is perfect. Everything. Geoff Tate's voice hits the right notes, you can feel the emotion flowing through his words. The guitars are awesome. Everything just kills. This is the only Queensryche album I own, so I am a newbie Queensryche fan. But I can tell, this is the time in Queensryche's career where everything went right.		Please, do yourself a favor and buy this album.
0,The MOFI SACD Hybrid sounds nice with a warm analog touch. Closest thing you will get to an original 6 eye stereo LP.
0,Outstanding music from the person who was and still is the backbone of Pink Floyd. You can easily hear sounds and styles that would appear again in Dark Side of the Moon as well as The Wall. Highly recommended. It instantly became one of my favorite albums by anyone.
0,I'm a generation older than Ms. Perry but greatly admire her work and love her voice.	I grew up listening to classic rock, R & B, funk and disco but also loved the pop that	came out of the 80s so was drawn to her addictive hooks and great melodies.	The lyrics are not for the faint of heart....the language is very adult and quite fun....but	not for young children. I've had the CD in my car for days now and can't stop singing.	For me the last three songs on the CD are dispensable....the rest of the record utterly	listenable and a damn good time!
0,timely and good price
0,satisfied
0,I probably listened to this CD more than any other, because it contains so many great smooth jazz-funk numbers--no less than ten!  The best tracks, all of which could be pop hits with adequate airplay, are:	(1) Daydreaming,	(2) Good News,	(3) Almost an Angel,	(4) Monica,	(5) Who Put the Meat in My Bed?,	(6) Imagine That,	(7) One More Time,	(8) Night After Night,	(9) The Doctor, and	(10) Eva.
0,I really enjoyed this CD. I had heard some of the songs on the radio of course but the others that I was introduced to on the disc were just good, a well put together collection.
0,3 cd's, 1 dvd and a 60 page color booklet.  first the most important...the music.  it is made up entirely of rare unreleased demos, live cuts and B-sides, most of it never heard before and alot of it is kurt playing solo acoustically.  the music is very raw and has not at all been "polished" by the studio.  any true nirvana fan will appreciate these rare works and the raw talent of k. cobain.  now the dvd...the first 9 songs are the early band jamming in their bass players mothers house; awesome!  the rest is other stage performances.  now the booklet...60+ color pages of all kinds of photos and great linear notes.  the book reads like a timeline showing the year and what performances were going on at that time and different quotes from the band.  the last few pages are words and thoughts from the band and other people.  its happy and sad at the same time knowing such a talent is lost and knowing what was surely to come from this great trio.
0,I love Eddy Van Halen's guitar work.  This is a classic album.  For a Van Halen fan this is a must have album.
0,Zion is definitely the best, but this one's a close 2nd.  I love their studio LPs, not as much, thier abundance of live LPs.
0,the first track and "honey" are the best. this album is great for home, but i don't love it for in the car.
0,I really like THE BOBBY DARIN STORY CD. Not only does it contain his well known hits like "Dream Lover," "Splish Splash," "Beyond The Sea," and the ultra-cool "Mack The Knife," but Darin gives commentary on his life and career.		There's a spoken intro and he talks in between some of the tracks to let you know when the song was released etc., providing wonderful insight into Darin's remarkable career and life.		The reason I take off one-star is because the CD should've been given the total remaster treatment. As far as I can tell the CD is just a reprinted 1989 version, which explains the 2008 issue date on Amazon's product page. Although the sound is OK, it does sound muffled at times and Darin's voice sometimes pans from the left to right speaker when holding notes. Still, it's fun to listen to and Darin has such a charismatic voice that you'll be swinging away.		The cover has some liner notes and still has the "The Compact Disc Digital Audio System offers the best possible sound..." notation used in the early days when record companies were still trying to sell the public on CDs, and another indication that this is just a reprint.		But it's enjoyable and great for new Darin fans like me!
0,I must agree with many of the other reviews of this dvd. Fantastic look into how to make the most of something you love to do with no money.  It takes effort and hard work, with a lot of creativity to make it in any business, let alone the music industry, and this documentary gives you a small look at how one of the founding members of OVERKILL, Rat Skates, contributed to his band.  It also gives you a cautionary woe at the end with making sure all priorities are in order when you get to where you are going.  Rat admits he left due to "burn out" and his wanting to start a family, which was not in the lifestyle the band had made at the time.		Sure, this is a skewed point of view of how one band made it, and it would have been nice to have the rest of OVERKILL's input, but the message still gets across.  Rat loved what he was doing, still is proud of his work and the band, reguardless of where they are now, and wants to share his story so that others can identify with it, much like how Thrash was founded. This is a must have for any thrash fan, and a must for any OVERKILL fan.
0,my son loves it
0,Dave Davies is a Hidden Treasure
0,buy this album if your a dimmu fan
0,good
0,Andrea Echeverri's solo debut is definitely going to be the Latin alternative highlight of 2005.  I love Aterciopelados, but Andrea's solo album stands out on its own right.  This is a much better album than the latest discs by other Latina singer-songwriters such as Julieta Venegas and Ely Guerra.  It shows a real musical maturity on Andrea's part, but is still catchy and infectious.  I'm so glad KCRW is playing this album!
0,I don't care what ANYONE says, this is one of my FAVORITE GWAR CDs. They go out on a different path on this one, and it's a good change. The songs are catchy and cool. It's a very creative album. Some GWAR fans think everything has to be heavy, heavy, heavy. Heavy isn't everything. This album has heavy moments, but for the most part, it's a great rock/punk concept album.
0,Really, really, really, really, good!
0,I left this review before but here it is again. This CD is more from the Great Sir Paul. Arrived on time.
0,Excellent......
0,So sad this talent is lost to the world
0,Wow! One of Jackson's best efforts to date! Lots of stuff to love here. Tremendous "play again" value!
0,I could listen to Freddy Fender sing all day.  I was so disappointed to see that he died young, but he left us so many good recordings and songs.
0,It's Spring of 2005 and I still listen to this CD religiously.  I've lost it twice, and still fork up the money for the purchasing it each time I lose it (I misplace stuff all the time).		"Are you Happy Now" unfortunately may not have been the best single to kick the album off with.  Not to say that the track isn't a great one, but it simply doesn't correspond with the feel of the album.  The The kick-off single may give the wrong indication of what this album is about.  The album is practically pop perfection...her debut album being an incredibly good one (tracks such "You Get Me" and "I'd Rather Be In Love" being outstanding pop songs), but her sophomore album is Michelle Branch at her best.		It's too bad she hasn't out another album since this one...		Here is my track to track review:		1. Intro---she could've chosen something better then circus music, but whatever.		2. Are You Happy Now---very good song, but not the right choice for a kick off single unfortunately.  The strong is assertive and powerful, without being pretentious.		3.  Find My Way Back---good, but not a great track.  It's a good filler.		4.  Empty Handed---delicious song, one of the best tracks on the album.  It's something you would walk around Central Park listening to.		5.  Tuesday Morning---GORGEOUS, gorgeous, gorgeous song.  This is especially true three-fourths into the song when Michelle's voice soars with the song.		6.  One of These Days---the weakest track on the album.		7.  Love Me Like That---not a bad song, but not a great song either.  Sheryl Crowe and her do a good job trying to save the song, but it doesn't exactly work.		8.  Desparately---another great song...simple, but honest.		9.  Breathe---what can I say about this song that hasn't already been said?  The song is such a picker-upper, it's ridiculous.  It's definitely one of the best tracks on the album.		10.  Where Are You Now?---a good song, definitely high quality album filler.		11.  Hotel Paper---ironically enough, the second to weakest track on the album.  It's like a bad diary entry...not to mention a boring one.		12.  Til I get Over You---this is the best track on the album.  It's absolutely beautiful...it barely beats Tuesday Morning as the best track.  You listen to this track, and all you wanna do is cry over you x boyfriend or girlfriend.		13.  It's You--right up there with Tuesday Morning/Till I Get Over You/Breathe...this is such a gorgeous way to end the album...it's just her voice, a guitar, and the beautiful melody.
0,Four stars for me is a top rated disc, make no mistake-there are maybe 10 five star albums I''ve heard in my life. The performances are both accurate and inspired and, in this rare instance, I enjoy the blend of music from different Mozart pieces. Newcomer (well, sort of) Elina Garanca is outstanding and, I believe, will likely be the one of this crop we are still talking about in 10 years
0,This pre ordering is great, you almost forget it's comming. I would do this again. The CD is awesome. I was not disappointed.
0,ok.
0,She never disappoint her fans!  Mary's cd improves each time!  I know people said she went thru a phase of remaking songs, but it is obvious she has pure talent and has used her life experiences to serenade us!  So, she has kept it real and blown us away with that soulful voice! This is absolutely a hit cd and should win some grammy's out of it next year!  You wouldn't want to miss out...get it today!
0,Ill Bill is one of my favorites and he NEVER disappoints. This album is no exception. Dope all the way through. Directions: Purchase, Listen, Enjoy.
0,This is the third album done by vocalist Azam Ali and percussionist Greg Ellis, and their best to date.  Ali's talent is not simply that she has an expressive and beautiful voice, but that she transcends any particular language and creates a form of communication uniquely her own.	As you listen you will sometimes hear medieval sonorities (Beyond Despair), the devotional singing in an Indian temple (Samaya), or even the spiritual music of some imaginary Eastern country (Inamorata).  As Inamorata ably demonstrates, she can do all of this in the space of a single song.	Ellis balances her perfectly playing an array of Indian and Middle Eastern instruments in a rhythmic patter that weaves around Azam Ali's voice without ever overpowering it.  In fact, if Ellis has a fault it is that he his sometimes too invisible.  Fortunately, one this album, he has a chance to shine on his own (especially in Ceremony of Passage), and the listener is well rewarded.	An  interesting addition to the percussion, bells, santour, and oud, is a specially processed cello played by Cameron Stone.  The result is often a dialogue between Ali's abstract language and the cello's wordless singing (Prayer for Soheil).  The balance is perfect - while Azam Ali's singing naturally takes center stage, one quickly comes to understand that she wouldn't be there without her co-conspirators.	It is hard to single out favorites in this album, which is a carefully woven tapestry, intent on creating a sacred space.  Vas has an ability to step outside ethnicities and cultural differences to produce a music that has appeal to a broad spectrum of listeners.  The result is something beautiful and different.
0,Love Taylor Swift. Thank you!
0,Great songs!
0,Comparible to Nas' "illmatic" or Blackmoons "enta da stage" Amazing hip hop all around. Check it out.
0,Like others who reviewed this album, I discovered it through a listening station at a bookstore. I listened on a whim, and man am I glad I did! From the arresting opening track "For Reasons Unexplained" I was hooked. I listened to a few more tracks, and decided the CD had to be mine. I used my money to buy this CD instead of a few others by more established artists that I wanted. I don't regret it.	I'll admit, my first few listens I felt that perhaps it was a bit samey. Somehow, though, I couldn't stop listening and as I listened the identity of the songs began to be drawn in sharp relief.	First though, let's comment on his voice. He has quite a range. Thankfully, it's also very pleasing. I don't often like male voices that can go into the stratosphere often because they become shart and displeasing at times (ala Justin Timberlake or moments in Daniel Beddingfield's "You're Not The One") but Stratton has a definite command of his voice, and when he goes into the higher notes they are always smooth and beautiful. He's got a great tone to his voice that definitely stands out from the choked falsetto of some male singers.	Then there are the song's themselves. If you were to just read the lyrics, they probably wouldn't blow you away with either their poetry or their intricateness. They are a bit more straightforward then that... but I appreciate that in many ways. They are more sincere, with enough artistic and poetic touches to make them interesting. The delivery and the music drive them home and make it all a pleasing package.	It's hard to pick highlights, as they all stand out for different reasons. However, I'd highly recommend the soaring "House of Jupiter," the extremely catchy "Blood" (perhaps my favorite track) to the lovely and gentle "Dead Sea" and "Ocean" and the absolutely heart-breaking "Cellophane" that hit me for personal reasons.	There's a lot of emotional depth here, and a lot that a person can connect to, which is what I like to do with music. I'm a college student, and having just got my aid check and with a local music store going out of business, I've purchased about 30 CD's within the last month. This is probably my favorite.	It's energizing artistically. It has me really wanting to pick up my guitar again.	Do yourself a favor and give him a listen... download his song from I-Tunes so you can get more then just the 30 second clip. I don't think he'll be for everyone, but I do think there are many people out there who would be proud to ad "Standing at the Edge" to their CD collection.
0,EXCELLENT VERY INNOVATIVE GROUP--NOT ONE SONG REPEATS THE PREVIOUS MELODY.
0,This is the brilliant work of Kurt Cobain at his greatest. Nevermind is the best Rock album ever created. Every song is a masterpiece and Kurt Cobain will be missed. If he were still alive maybe music would be worth listening to.
0,complete albums here. I love them.
0,After thinking the Gaslight Anthem had reached its watershed with the superb "Handwritten" in 2012 (and having already released two masterpieces prior to that), I thought (feared, rather) there was no way the greatest modern American rock band could follow up on one of the greatest uninterrupted winning streaks since the Stones' string of classic LPs that began with "Aftermath" and ended with "Goats Head Soup." The stop-gap compilation released at the beginning of this year, "The B-Sides" was a dicier, but still great disc, though it suggested to me the band needed a breather, and were perhaps running out of fuel.	Turns out, I was wrong. And I couldn't be happier about it.	"Get Hurt" tops even "The '59 Sound," "American Slang," and even "Handwritten" as their greatest album yet. An inevitable expansion in sound technique and production is clearly evidenced by the powerful opener 'Stay Vicious,' and tracks like 'Underneath the Ground.' But all of that progression tries to stay constrained by the two guitar-bass-drum-vocal attack that has always served the Gaslight Anthem well. The battle between the advances in sound and the classic four-piece hard rock combo makes for amazing results. 'Rollin' and Tumblin,' 'Ain't That a Shame,' 'Stray Paper,' 'Helter Skeleton,' and the slowburning title track are sure to become some of the Gaslight Anthem's most enduring tracks. Other tracks like 'Red Violins,' '1,000 Years,' and 'Selected Poems' keep in tow with the heavy attack combined with moments of raw poetry and beauty that have become a staple of this phenomenal band's sound. And the obligatory Brian Fallon ballad 'Break Your Heart' is almost worth the price of admission alone - fortunately, you've got a dozen or so other tracks that pack just as much of a heart-wrenching punch.	By this point, any comparisons to Bruce Springsteen, which were popular to spout when "The '59 Sound" was making waves in 2008, are ridiculous. Fallon's complex heartache, anchored by the band's beautiful blitzkrieg, has scored another masterpiece for today's greatest American rock band.
0,So far in her career you can not go wrong with a TS album; Fearless is a great album in a good package (Platinum).
0,EWF's performance on this album shows how the group is diverse and unique. The music is wonderful! It tickles the ear and pleasantly moves the "spirit". The various messages are displayed in clever, yet easy to understand ways. This is not preachy music: it talks about spiritual life and everyday hassles. I highly recommend this CD to those who want to know what EWF is all about.
0,good job
0,I enjoyed the cd very much and I was only after a song. I haven't heard this song on cd as I had it on tape from a record, Now I have the cd I can get rid of my tapes and records, Thanking you all for my cd and memories
0,My only complaint with this cd is the too songs are short. Other than that this is a good cd
0,Glade to have this in my collection.
0,Hell yeah!!!!  These songs are heavy metal anthems, and the synergy amongst the band members is palpable in the composition and execution of every lick. Blackie's vocals are at their best, clear and cutting. Mike Duda on bass, Doug Blair  on lead guitars, and the new drummer Mike Dupke come together in clear group effort. The external influences from the rest of the line up are very apparent in Dominator. The sound and production has improved significantly from previous W.a.s.p. albums and the sounds on this one are crisp and clear.		The only thing that could have made Dominator even better is one more track or two.
0,You'll probably like this album as well. I found this CD a bit lacking, when compared to SOUL, but Soul 2 is still a VERY good CD. It definitely has a more funk feel to it. Worth it.	Give it a listen
0,I am a big JULIANA HATFIELD fan and BEAUTIFUL CREATURE is her best album. Check out the songs 2,3,6,7,8,9,11,12,13. MIGHT BE IN LOVE is one of the most beautiful songs you will ever hear.		MY RANKINGS:		1) BEAUTIFUL CREATURE ("beautiful" album, Juliana at her peak)		2) BED		3) HEY BABE (raw and experimentive)		4) GOLD STARS (Bestof)(for the 4 new songs and GOD'S FOOT stuff)		5) BECOME WHAT YOU ARE (most commercial album, but not best)		6) ONLY EVERYTHING (SIMPLICITY IS BEAUTIFUL is a gem)		7) PLEASE DO NOT DISTURB		8) JULIANA'S PONY (Evil twin sister of BEAUTIFUL CREATURE)		9) IN EXILE DEO (TOMORROW NEVER COMES steals the show)		10)MADE IN CHINA (Juliana's most recent and worst Album)
0,A must have for Allman Bros. fans.
0,Love it
0,Melodic, passionate, Santana...what more can anyone say?
0,Great recording. Fun to hear Oscar with the Singers Unlimited.
0,This was my intro to PJ Harvey, and it was a good one.  It's dark and brooding, but elegantly crafted.  I'm definitely a fan due to this CD.  Harvey has a way of capturing a mood that is rare and enchanting.  I'd  recommend it.
0,This is another daring Fusion Jazz Rock musical work for Carlos Santana.	Anybody who bought this album some 30 years ago hardly understood this musical work, since Santana's audiences were totally into different kind of music. For that reason Illuminations was the first Santana release not to go to Gold.	After the release of "love, Devotion and Surrender" and "Caravanserai", both in 1972, Santana continued exploring different routes from the Rock and Latin sounds he already was famous for.	On this album Santana is fully into Fusion, Jazz and Rock; with David Holland on bass, Tom Coster on Keyboards and Alice Coltrane on Harp, topped by a Classical 18 member band. The result is one of Santana's finest accomplishments.	This album is mainly for the lovers of Fusion Jazz Rock, Santana fans and any guitar great sound lover.	If you like this album, make sure to listen to "caravanserai" and "Love, Devotion and Surrender as well". 3 Santana albums that go hand in hand.
0,This is the cast album to the acclaimed 2005 Menier Chocolate Factory production of Sondheim's SUNDAY IN THE PARK WITH GEORGE, and features a highly-talented cast bringing back to thrilling life one of Sondheim's most personal works, the tale of a man who cannot give himself totally to the woman he loves because of a commitment to art.  The original Menier production was widely-acclaimed and transferred to London's West End this year.		The story takes what little is known of the life of Parisian artist Georges Seurat and weaves it into a story of life, loss and coming to know yourself.  The first act follows George (played by Daniel Evans) as he paints the legendary "Sunday Afternoon on the Island of La Grande Jatte".  His mistress and model Dot (Jenna Russell) attempts to pursue a relationship with George that goes beyond art.  She is rejected and leaves for America with another man (and George's baby).		The second act of the show opens with George's great-grandson (again played by Evans), who's an artist struggling with his own inspiration.  Dot's daughter Marie (also played by Russell) gently guides his hand, but it's only when George returns to the scene of his great-grandfather's masterwork that the past comes to reconcile with the future.		Of all Stephen Sondheim's scores, SUNDAY IN THE PARK WITH GEORGE is one of the most rewarding.  Just as the story follows painter Georges Seurat as he paints the masterpiece "Sunday Afternoon on the Island of La Grande Jatte", so too the music takes on the fragmented quality that reflects the frenetic, pointillism style of painting which Seurat pioneered.		Daniel Evans gives a fresh youth and vitality to George.  For all those who were left cold by Mandy Patinkin (the role's originator on Broadway in 1984) with all his mannerisms and odd vocal techniques, having the role sung so pristinely and straight-forward is a real plus.		A lot of people have been quite unfair to Jenna Russell, playing the dual roles of Dot and Marie.  It must be noted that at the time of this recording, Russell had not yet performed these roles onstage (she was a replacement for Anna-Jane Casey who had starred in the original Menier run), so she must be forgiven for having a lesser grasp on the material.  Nevertheless, in the first act, she's a dynamic and feisty force as Dot, particularly "Everybody Loves Louis" and the wrenching "We Do Not Belong Together".  For the role of Marie, Russell adopts a lilting Southern accent which works very well.		The supporting cast is first-rate; in particular Gay Soper shines as George's senile mother, and Liza Sadovy is a revelation playing the repressed Yvonne.  The orchestrations are crisp and clean, further enhancing the pointillism motif that runs throughout the score.		[PS Classics/Image Entertainment 640]
0,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Ultimate-Collection-Barbara-Mandrell/dp/B00005MK9X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Ultimate Collection:  Barbara Mandrell</a>one of country's great female artist.  if loving you is wrong and sleeping single in a double bed, I was country when country wasn't cool, plus 20 more hits.
0,Rogers and Heart were two of the best song writers...Look at any CD and you will recognize almost every song they have written...You can see a movie about their lives and see what they have written...Barbara Cooper
0,Terrific!
0,"Good Morning, Vietnam" has one of the best soundtracks I've ever heard, made all the better by its inclusion of sections of Airman Cronauer's broadcasts on AFRS. The full list of the track is included on the product description, so I won't list that here. I was puzzled by the absence of the song "It's Alright", which was used at one point and nobody except the makers of this film seem to have heard of. I noticed some folks' complaining about the inclusion of Cronauer's broadcasts, and the supposedly poor quality of the soundtrack. Don't know what either bunch is talking about, really. Both sound just fine to me. And if the broadcasts become tiresome quickly, odds are the movie will too, and that's a shame, because "Good Morning, Vietnam" is one of the best I've ever seen.		Included on the front and back of the case are some images of Cronauer and other characters, as well as a full track list. Altogether, an excellent soundtrack that I highly recommend.
0,"Too Bad Jim" absolutely pummels "Mr. Wizard" and any other R.L. Burnside discs that feature strange white-boy rockers John Spencer Blues Explosion (there's nothing "blues" about Spencer).  This is the real deal. Droning, hypnotic Mississippi hill country blues,  "Too Bad Jim" reaches for the old instead of courting the new and  the disc is the richer because of it. Burnside covers Lightnin' Hopkins and  traditional songs, molding each cut into his own unique style. He is always  worth listening to, but those more recent attempts to be hip can't hold a  candle to this.
0,Great ragtime music from this orchestra. If you like this sort of music, which I do, go for it.
0,Though they had recorded plenty of strong albums before, Beggars Banquet marks the beginning of four successive albums that showcase the Stones at their absolute peak. Beggars Banquet not only represents a return to form after the messy Their Satanic Majesties Request; it simply ranks as one of the essential albums of the late 60s and has some songs (like "Sympathy for the Devil" and "Street Fighting Man") that represent some of their best work.		Theres far more to this album than those two highlights, though; the closing track (Salt of the Earth) serves as an ode to working people and finds a way to be populist without pandering. Similarly, Jigsaw Puzzle is hugely underrated and deserves more attention. Its a sad fact that during these sessions, Brian Jones was nearing the end of his life and his role in the band was increasingly tentative, but as with so many artists, the Stones have always thrived artistically in tumultuous times, and few albums showcase that better than this one does.
0,There and Back Again is an impressive release, worthy of the current lineup of Phil Lesh and Friends.  The songs are strong and well written, the vocals are apt, and the playing is wonderful.  Eleven great new songs by this powerful lineup.  Granted it is a challenge to compress Phil's live power into studio recording, but this album did just that.	Celebration starts out almost anthemic, a great song that I hope catches on.  They stretch it out for about 15 minutes live with all three sharing verses, but Rob does well here...good slide from Warren.  Night of 1000 Stars is getting decent radio play in Chicago.  Another great new song with pretty good playing and singing from Haynes.  I like the Allmanesque dual lead guitar work from Haynes and Herring too.  The Real Thing tones things down a little with a poignant original from Warren Haynes.  Herring's new song comes up next with intricate guitar work on the bridge and melodic bass playing from Lesh.  Good vocals also with Barraco singing lead, and Haynes and Lesh adding commentary and later harmonies.  No More Do I again returns to an underlying spiritual theme with some of these songs.  Warren does it justice in a minor key groove.  Patchwork Quilt follows as Haynes's tribute to Garcia.  Excellent lead guitar and a strong performance, especially with Lesh's harmonies at the end.  Liberty finally gets a studio recording....a good drum roll lead off from Molo to start things off and then an updated arrangement of one of my favorite late period Dead songs.  We even get a Sweet Georgia Brown quote in the guitar solo!  Midnight Train is a jazzy Lesh original sung by Haynes.  Good bass and piano throughout.  Phil can prove himself to be a good lyric writer when he puts the time into it.  What follows is a fun and funny Barraco original with good jamming thrown in for good measure.  Haynes's dark Welcome to the Underground follows, and another strong performance (it'd be interesting to hear Tom Waits or Bob Dylan cover it)  Phil closes things out with the rollicking barrelhouse style Rock'n'Roll Blues...his only lead vocal on the album.  It does his voice justice.  Phil's baritone sounds comfortable with the lyrics and the piano playing is great.  I like the violin too....adds that homey touch that reminds you of some of The Band's best material.	The bonus disc is a treat.  Great jamming, and powerful work on Passenger.  Phil sounds a little hoarse on St Stephen (my preference of his lead vocals on this song is on the Other Ones album), but nonetheless it is a welcome bonus....and ya can't beat Dark Star!  :)  Pick it up.  You will definitely enjoy this album if you like jam band recording, the Grateful Dead, or just well played, well sung, well written songs.  It is definitely a hundredfold better than most of the dross on the radio.  Looking forward to Phil's next album.  :)	P.K.
0,This is a must have CD for anyone who loves classic rock.
0,awsome these guys rock
0,If "Cinderella" is second-string R&H -- John Simon has called it "anodyne" -- it is very entertaining R&H.  Even after 37 years the second CBS special has a glow that suffuses this album.  It's cruder but livelier than the 1957 affair as this is a true soundtrack album, unlike Goddard Lieberson's strictly studio version; the cast is more energetic, likewise John Green's conducting.  The faults are the same; as Alec Wilder said of the sublime "Do I Love You Because You're Beautiful?", the composer seems to have changed stations before the ending.  But it is still great fun, a rare quality found perhaps in "Flower Drum Song" and not much else.  Note: the engineers decided to record this not for the stereo systems of 2002 but for the little TV speakers of the mid-sixties, hence the sound is somewhat compressed.
0,Love the Jersey Boys!
0,FREAKING AWESOME! this album has set off a chain reaction! First, I purchased it, then I obsessed over the videos. Then I had to see him in concert! He is a heck of an entertainer!
0,I always enjoyed their music, but never purchased it.	This got me started on procuring more of their CD's	Their music is simply enjoyable to listen to, time & time again.
0,A long time ago, far before the release of LITSOS, the band promised a heavier, more focused, and far more epic effort than Define the Great Line. Did they deliver? Oh, yes. But the album is not quite as tense or epic as I had hoped it to be.	Which isn't to say it isn't utterly amazing. UO's technical proficiency has taken a step forward in every department, from Spencer's vocals to Aaron's drumming. Spencer is top notch here, and truly proves his worth as the best metalcore vocalist around. Gone are the high-pitched shrieks that permeated They're Only Chasing Safety and snuck their way onto DTGL. Spencer is almost always in the lower register, which is where he sounds best, and this octave change is where LITSOS gets most of its intense sound from. In fact, this is Spencer's album. For some time now, people have talked of Aaron's singing time being cut nearly in half, which it is. This is clearly an effort to make themselves even less pop and more brutality, and it succeeds. However, it was often Aaron's vocals that made each Underoath song so poignant, and now, these tunes are even harder to comprehend with Spencer doing the majority of the vocal duties.	The most impressive change between 2006 UO and 2008 UO is the guitars from James and Tim, and how they add relevancy to the claim of the album being epic. While James still churns out crunchy, jagged rhythms, Tim has truly perfected the art of epicore guitar, with solos that weave in and out of the music and truly provide a psychological challenge to the listener. Anyone who pays close attention to the virtuosity of the guitar this time around will be greatly rewarded.	Now, Aaron may not sing quite as much as before, but when he does, he is spot on. For once, his whiny emo octaves are working in his favor, as they are no longer whiny or emo, but staples to hold together UO's newfound epic sound. In addition, he is still the best drummer in rock music, and by no means is his presence in the band diminished by this album. He is still the leader of the band.	For months now, we have heard about the electronic schemes added to the band's repertoire, and they were no lie. NIN-esque synth lines courtesy of Chris Dudley sprout up abruptly, and really pump some life into the album. With The End is Near, the beginning notes are pounding synth bass lines etched over Spencer's painful howls. BTW, this track is far superior to any other on the album, and it shows how UO's experimental ambition really soared this time. However many of the tracks on the album are highly experimental, and none are predictable.	Some, however, while good, are generic for Underoath. The album opens with a few simple snare hits and cymbals, and then before long Spencer's screams hit the listener like a sledgehammer. Unfortunately, although a powerful opening statement, Breathing in a New Mentality is fairly simple, and cannot be redeemed, even by the epic bass and guitar lines thrown in the middle. It feels as if the song is trying to achieve an apex that it cannot grasp. Anyone Can Dig a Hole but it Takes a Real Man to Call it Home is impressive, with abrupt starting and stopping accompanied by Spencer's amazing vocals, but for some reason it ends up in the hardcore recycle bin. These tracks, along with the punishing The Only Survivor was Miraculously Unharmed, are very good, but for UO they are easy and do not resonate well, especially compared with the other work on the album.	The Created Void and We are the Involuntary are superb tracks, if not rightfully confusing. These follow no clear pattern and must be heard carefully. Putting this album together really is like Algebra. It takes some time to see how it all fits, but my, is it rewarding once the listener grasps the concept.	Two slow tracks find their way to the end of the album, but that is hardly to say that they aren't essential. Too Bright to See, too Loud to Hear, is a rousing call to arms that has Underoath's signature chanting, and truly haunting lyrics that must be heard. In the final 30 seconds, Spencer comes roaring in, giving the song the perfect touch of abrasiveness.	As for the first single, Desperate Times, Desperate Measures, it is a good first pick, as it is the most accessible song on the album. Which it hardly is accessible. It is my opinion that Underoath will not win over any listeners with this album, and in fact the might even alienate some emo listeners who jump the gun. This is a hard album to process. I have listened many times, and only now am I even beginning to grasp its sheer power. LITSOS is tricky, no doubt. When compared to the last effort, its clear predecessor in every sense, it is difficult to digest. TOCS was unabashedly popcore, whilst DTGL had clear melody and hooks. No such luck here, which is a good thing. Lost in the Sound of Separation is hard to like, and hard to grasp ahold of. But it is completely worth it in the end. The album must be given time, because at one point the listener will finally understand. And it is that complex understanding that makes this record the best of the summer and the best in Underoath's catalogue.
0,Great condition
0,Buzz does a great job. This is a cd you will want if you are into Zombies. Got to see him a show in Pittsburgh he was playing the cd there after I purchased on line and he was recited the cd IT was great but this you'll like it!
0,I sold my long playing records on vinyl several years ago and bought a couple of Jarre's albums to satisfy my longing for his music.  I could no longer tolerate the hiss and pops of dust in the grooves and the CD delivers the music in pristine condition every time!
0,David Zinman conducting the Tonhalle Orchestra Zurich and pianist Yefim Bronfman have recently collaborated on a recording of Beethoven's five piano concertos and the triple concerto on the budget-priced Arte Nova label.  In this recording of the first and second concertos, Zinman, his orchestra, and Bronfman are an ideal match.  Zinman has become known for his period performances of Beethoven using modern instruments.  His set of Beethoven symphonies has been highly acclaimed.  His recording of Beethoven's Missa Solemnis has received mixed reviews, but I enjoyed it greatly.  The performance of these concertos is crisp, articulate, boisterous, and ambitious.  It brings out the drive, humor,originality and roughness-around-the-edges of early Beethoven. Yefim Bronfman is a powerhouse pianist.  But he plays these early concertos idiomatically, lightly, smoothly, and with great flair.		Of Beethoven's five concertos, the fourth and the fifth are mature middle-period works.  The third concerto, in C minor, is something of a hybrid between Beethoven's early and middle styles while concertos 1 and 2 are works of the young Beethoven.  Beethoven did not compose a late-period concerto, but these five works offer an excellent way of tracking Beethoven's development from his early years in Vienna to his period of maturity.  More importantly, they contain unforgettable music.		Beethoven composed the first two concertos for his own performance as a rising young composer in Vienna in his early to mid 20's.  The earliest of his concertos is concerto no. 2 in B-flat major, opus 19.  This work probably was written in some form before Beethoven moved to Vienna from Bonn at the age of 22.  He revised and reworked it many times for his own use before publishing it at last in 1801.  Beethoven described the work to his publisher as "A concerto for pianoforte, which, it is true, I do not make out to be one of my best.  At the same time it would not disgrace you to engrave this concerto."  The second remains the least-familiar of Beethoven's concertos.		Particularly in its opening movement, the work has a bumptious, patchwork quality, probably due to Beethoven's many revisions of the score as well as to his youth. But the work has lovely movements, particularly in its lyrical second theme and in the delicate runs and movement of the piano part.  The highlight of the work is the Adagio, a flowing and serious slow movement which builds dramatic tension in long solo passages for the piano towards the end.  The finale of the second concerto is a boisterous rondo with a short, catchy and humorously syncopated theme.  If Beethoven was correct in regarding the concerto as "not one of my best" he was also right that the work did not put him or his publisher to shame. The work, which owes a great deal to Mozart and Haydn, well rewards hearing.		The piano concerto no. 1 in C major, opus 15 was composed in 1795 also primarily as a performance vehicle for Beethoven. This work is much more cohesive than the B-flat major concerto and was also published in 1801, several months after its companion.  The opus 15 is a festive, high-spirited work, replete with tympani and trumpet as befitting an orchestral piece in C major.  The opening movement features a range of themes, but it focuses on a march-like military phrase introduced at the outset by the orchestra and on a solo martial theme given to the piano.  The piano part is full of filigree, long runs, trills and singing themes.  Beethoven wrote a famously difficult cadenza for this early work.  The largo, opens with a lyrical, reflective theme in the piano which is clung to and developed over the course of an extended movement, culminating in another floridly elaborate piano solo towards the end.  The final rondo, which Beethoven is said to have composed in two days, is lively and rhythmical with some strongly accentuated dance themes as it proceeds.  In this concerto, Beethoven comes into his own voice as a young composer while still building of the work of his great predecessors.		Zinman and Bronfman offer a thoroughly enjoyable and idiomatic performance of early Beethoven.  This is a lovely disc and at its low price offers an excellent way to get to know and love this music.		Robin Friedman
0,Vinyl is just so cool, best way to hear music.
0,I am glad to find it on amazon. I like the different kinds of music to choose from. I love all kinds of jazz
0,. . . this time out, playing all the steel drum parts himself.		I'll admit that, even though I'm probably the biggest Andy Narell fan on the planet, it's taken me a while to get on board with his recent switch to setting his music in the context of a steel orchestra.  Since his move to France, he's been hanging out at the Calypsociation steelband school in Paris--for the last two years!  During that time, he apparently has mastered the entire range of steelband instruments--and plays them all himself on this disc.  They've got to be overdubbed; no one could possibly play six steel pans simultaneously.  The question then arises, Why didn't he hire other players instead of playing all these pans himself?  For a couple of reasons, I suspect.  First, it appears he wants to master the entire range of steelband pans.  Second, he's after a certain sound, not unlike when Ray Charles famously fired his entire girl backing chorus and sang all the parts himself.		That's OK.  But isn't there a trade off between the energy that comes from live music vs. the precision one gets from overdubs?  Actually, there's plenty of excitement in these grooves; it almost sounds as if it's recorded in real time.  Perhaps that's what Andy's talking about when he says in the liner notes, "The project was very complicated logistically."		Though I must say I wasn't initially bowled over by this disc--it seemed a little muddled, the instruments blending into a mishmash--after several listenings lots of subtleties began to emerge: the individual instrumental voices started to clarify and the sound image come into focus; Narell's solos began to make sense; the fine contributions by the band and special invited players stood out.		Five out of six tunes come from previous Narell discs: "Tabanca," "Blue Mazooka," and "Appreciation" from Fire in the Engine room; and "Baby Steps" and "Izo's Mood" from We Want You to Say (as played by Narell's current band, Sasheko)--the title cut being the only new tune.  Not to worry.  The new expanded-instrumentation approach lends them freshness and a new fascination.		Guest Mike Stern, playing on two songs, "Baby Steps" and "Blue Mazooka," fits in so well he ought to be a regular member.  No stranger to world jazz, it certainly wouldn't be that much of a stretch.  David Sanchez, playing tenor sax on "Tabanca," also would make a great contribution as a regular.  Not only is he able to instantly pick up on the vibe, his tone and concept seem absolutely tuned into the island feel that pervades this disc.		Though I initially had my doubts, carefully listening dispelled them.  Another great session by Narell, who just keeps going from strength to strength.  Highly recommended.
0,Terrific selection, with a varied cast of conductors!! Highly recommended!!
0,Love these Instrumental Hits of the 50s.  Recorded in England some of the songs were bigger hits in	the states in the late 40's but great songs they are.
0,After the release of "Fijacion oral vol 1", earlier this year, Shakira returns with "Oral fixation vol. 2", a new album, written in english, with a great collection of songs. "Don't bother", the first single, is a pop-rock song, with a catchy chorus, about a regular girl who is replaced by the perfect girl and looks for revenge. This CD also brings us great surprises, like "Dreams for plans", one of my favorite songs so far. Illegal is a song about the promisses men make to women and has the participation of Santana, with his classic guitar arrengements. I also like "Timor", which was a great surprise to me. Deep lyrics in a pop tune. "The day and the time" is the english version for "Dia especial", taken from "Fijacion oral vol 1" and it is as great as the original. "Hey you" and "animal city" are singles in potential and mix the latin rhytms with lousy guitars, a style always present in Shakira songs.		Well, Shakira has taken a long road since the beginning of her career in Colombia. Even though Shakira has become one of the most popular singers in the world, she is still very down to earth, always concerned with the quality of her albums, which improve everytime she goes back to charts. Don't think twice and buy it!
0,"My Life" is Mary J. Blige at her best. From "Mary Jane", to the title track, to "Be Happy", Mary pulls of a masterstroke from beginning to end. It's only flaws are that it has alot of samples, and a couple of dull tracks.  Despite that, this album is definitely essential.	Peace  El-715
0,Now that's what I'm talking about! Warren Haynes is the man! Dickey's pretty good, too! So let's get as much footage of them jamming as humanly possible. Because the chemistry between Dickey and Warren is just perfect. Listen to their playing on "Southbound", my favorite take of that song, for an example. Or "Blue Sky". See, you have to be pretty good guitarists to pull of "Blue Sky", and that's how I'd describe both of our heroes. The setlist leans heavily towards Shades of Two Worlds, and for the most part they do a fine job recreating my favorite of their '90s albums: "End of the Line" is one of their few straight-ahead rock songs, and it's quite satisfying; the jamming on "Get on with Your Life" and the always epic "Nobody Knows" is comparable to what happened live during the classic years. There's even a brief acoustic set: while Dickey Betts' age shows on the disappointing "Midnight Blues" (a Blind Willie McTell cover), Gregg's ragged vocals give "Melissa" extra weight. It's also interesting to note that they skip over a lot of the warhorses - there's no "Whippin' Post", "Trouble No More", "Mountain Jam", "You Don't Love Me", "Statesboro Blues", "In Memory of Elizabeth Reed" or "Stormy Monday" here, though they do provide yet another elongated version of "Dreams". Now, you can call me a purist if you want, but there is no replacing Duane on that track. Dickey and Warren do their best, but it's a letdown. A slower "Revival" fares much better, with the group sinking into one of those "unstoppable Allmans grooves". You know, for a group that's supposed to be "past it", the Allmans do a fantastic job here overall.
0,This album has the Putumayo quality.	Excellent selection, very representative of the Italian music.	Don't miss this album!
0,This disk is pure Monty Python to the core.  It has some of their funniest sketches and you're guaranteed quite a few laughs.  It does help if you understand British humor, but it's not really necessary.  It's an absolute delight, and well worth getting.
0,I've had the CD of this for 20 years now and I still love it to this day (indeed its on my mp3 player as well). It was orginally recorded in June 1976.		The disc kicks off with a storming version of Ahmad Jamal's Nite Mist Blues and finishes with an equally storming Battle Hymn of the Republic. Apart from being a Jazz trio album the common thread through a lot of these tracks is the gospel/blues influence that pervades Monty Alexanders playing, which is again in evidence on Drown in My own Tears. Theres a great version of Satin Doll and even Feelings is pretty good.		He is one of the few Pianists who you can say was definetly influenced by Oscar Peterson. Whilst he may not quite have Oscars technique, he had by this time developed his own style to the degree that it would be hard to the confuse the two.		If you like driving swinging bluesy Piano trio albums this is CD you should be buying without delay.
0,When I first put this CD into the player, the sound of the opening track seemed to explode at me out of the headphones. It really has a lot of presence and punch.	I like this CD, there are some interesting tracks here with good melodies and some solid rocking and a sense that all concerned are involved in the music rather than just playing along. There are a lot of good tracks here, Grant Hart fans will love it but really this deserves a wider audience than that.	"Think it Over Now" is an appealing combination of heavy rocking with a good melody and I also like "Seka Knows" and the frenetically wacky "Little Nemo." The highlight though is the witty and catchy "Run Run Run to the Centre Pompidou" which is one of those songs that won't get out of your head.
0,. 1999	2. Little Red Corvette	3. Delirious	4. Let's Pretend We're Married	5. D.M.S.R.	6. Automatic	 7. Something in the Water (Does Not Compute)	8. Free	9. Lady Cab Driver	10. All the Critics Love U in New York	11. International Lover		The best songs of this group are Lady Cab Driver and International Lover for their complexity and insane grit and eroticism.  What makes these such good songs is what can't be said but is instead implied thru sound alone that makes the songs stand-outs.  I don't exactly dislike Delirious but you have to be in the right mood for it, its so infectiously frothy.  There is a composite strength to all of these tunes that shows a cogent thought of creation which I think is Prince's greatest ability even on albums that aren't such big "hits".
0,I've bought this Limited Deluxe Edition, because it hat 6 bonus tracks on it. As a collector of this fantastic band,	I must have every song of this guys
0,There are few albums that you can listen to over and over again. Some will age well, some will don't. What's The Story Morning Glory is the perfect example how an album from start (Hello) to finish (Champagne Supernova) should be. Even though it wasn't the door that opened to Britpop across the world (Definitely Maybe, Oasis debut was) it was defined as the freshest album of its genre, and `til this day it is still my favorite.		There's no need for Beatles comparison. Is Oasis, or should I say The Gallagher brothers, influenced heavily by the Fab Four? Indeed. Is that crime? Of course not. Can there be a resemblance found from The Beatles in this album? Absolutely and maybe that's why this album is fantastic.		For some reason there was a thing called `Oasismania' back in 1995-1996 and it wasn't because of their looks. For all those who decide to hate on Oasis simply because they `considered themselves better than anyone else' I highly suggest to listen to this album. If you are not convinced maybe it's because you're not into rock n roll and its different roots, but other than that, this can possibly be one of your new favorite albums either of genre, from the 90's or of all times.		I had the pleasure in putting this on my CD player the other night and wished for many bands to follow the same example, greatness!		A soon to be classic, if it's not already.
0,Awesome CD ... KEB MO with his Unique Blues style ...
0,one of the best Christmas albums
0,Great
0,This is one of the best Thalia's efforts to date!! "El Sexto Sentido" brings a Thalia most mature, most womam and with a voice soulful and extremely honesty. No doubt, a great latin interpreter! This album is a mix of ballads, the catchy pop and eurodance, with a pinch of the Thalia's latin flavor!! You don't regret! Buy it!
0,the new broken hope is killer don't listen to all these douche bags about the vocals they are very similar to joe ptacek the music has tons of grooves and blastbeats.definetly a great new album from these guys mandatory pick this cd up-great old school death metal
0,Great being able to get the 3 at one time.  No problems or complaints.  Extremely happy with the product and with Amazon.
0,"Heart Station" is the latest release by Utada Hikaru. I really enjoyed the album and I'm pretty sure other Utada or J-Pop fans will enjoy it as well. However, this album felt more like a singles collection if you got the singles released before "Heart Station." Nearly 2/3 of the tracks were already released as singles. I'll be reviewing each song separately.		"Fight the Blues" starts off the album with a bang. "Fight the Blues" has heavy ethereal sounds to it, Utada also breaths to add to the beat. The message of the song is good but the song was really boring to me. It's a good album opener, but some won't like it.		"Heart Station" was one of the A-sides on Utada's "Heart Station/Stay Gold" single. "Heart Station" has a beautiful instrumentation with beautiful lyrics. The metaphor about being connected with radios and love was really cute. The song does get repetitive sometimes however.		"Beautiful World" was one of the A-sides on Utada's "Beautiful World/Kiss & Cry" single. "Beautiful World" has a very beautiful instrumentation and Utada knows how to hit her high notes perfectly. The song is a very beautiful song that shouldn't be missed.		"Flavor of Life -Ballad Version-"is the smash hit single from 2007. The song is pretty nice and Utada sounds really good. But the song is overall boring. Nothing really changes in it. It also over stays it's welcome. It's about 5 minutes long; it should have been about 4 minutes and 30 seconds.		"Stay Gold" was the other A-side on her "Heart Station/Stay Gold" single. The piano is very beautiful in this song and Utada sounds beautiful as always. But just like "Flavor of Life -Ballad Version-"it over stays it's welcome.		"Kiss & Cry" was the other A-side on her "Beautiful World/Kiss & Cry" single. "Kiss & Cry" takes her old R&B style and mixes it with her new experimental pop style. The two blends well together, the hook borrows from her English song "Hotel Lobby" which appeared on "Exodus." "Kiss & Cry" is a song that will take a few listens to fully appreciate.		"Gentle Beast Interlude" breaks up the gap a little bit between the singles and new tracks. This interlude borrows some lyrics from "Heart Station" and the sounds are very unique, the track blends in right in Celebrate. The reason was Gentle Beast and Celebrate were originally on the same demo.		"Celebrate" is a hot 4 minute dance tune. It has a very hot beat and catchy, simple lyrics. Only thing I didn't like was how bored Utada sounded when she sang the chorus.		"Prisoner of Love" was released as a re-cut single to promote Utada's album and the Dorama it was being featured in. "Prisoner of Love" shows off more of her old R&B style with her new style. The lyrics flow together beautifully and the ending is the best part with the sad, true lyrics. It's a song that shouldn't be missed.		"Take5" is one of Utada's most unique songs. It has a very awesome beat with beautiful lyrics that flow together perfectly. The cut-off at the end caused controversy after some people thought it was their copy being defective. But Utada made it that way because the song talks about death and suicide, and the cut off symbolizes death takes away life quickly.		"Boku Wa Kuma" is the next song right after "Take5." This is a bit of storytelling on Utada's part as "Boku Wa Kuma" is a children's song, and children are often symbolism of being reborn. So it goes perfectly with "Take5." "Boku Wa Kuma" is a kids song and Utada made it perfectly. It's a very cute song.		"Niji-No Basu" is the ole Utada style. Happy beat, depressing lyrics. "Niji-No Basu" has an analog sound and it has a catchy beat. The song gets a bit, darker near the middle since the song goes into about wanting to be in a world where there is no one. It's a song that takes a few listens to fully appreciate but it's not a song that should be missed.		"Flavor of Life" is a bonus track and I say that it should have been the one to replace "Flavor of Life -Ballad Version-" "Flavor of Life" is more up-tempo then the ballad version and it's much shorter and is at the right length. It's a great end to "Heart Station."		Even though "Heart Station" has a lot of singles, all the songs are great. Though some might be a bit lengthy the songs are great. It's an album that shouldn't be missed.	5/5
0,I saw this tour. Have the original album in my collection. Bought this to have.
0,great
0,great
0,This is the first album I discovered by Jon Hopkins, and I was blown away, being aware only of his involvement in Coldplay's Viva la Vida and Brian Eno's Small Craft on a Milk Sea. These 8 tracks are immaculately crafted, and reflect the work of a producer and composer at the top of his game.		From We Disappear, there is a heavy, quasi-abrasive immediacy to Jon's techno which is also accompanied by almost constant - but thoughtfully applied - metamorphosis and progression. Like Fennesz's noise-guitar symphonies, beautiful (and occasionally, slightly eerie) melodies can be glimpsed through the storm. Often he indulges his inclinations towards the sheer beauty of warm field recordings coupled with acoustic instruments - such as the sampled creaks of wood joined by placid piano, as in the beginning of the title track. There are lengthy, spacious and reverberating passages accented by field recordings which conjure more of a physical place, allowing the listener to become more immersed in the sound (see "Breathe This Air"), but this is not an album of meandering and repetitive ambient music.		The merging of traditional and modern, organic and electronic has been discussed many times over with regard to recent techno and house albums (see Leland by Francis Harris and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Forest/dp/B007RL6XSI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Forest</a>&nbsp;by Christian Loffler). Hopkins continues to blur the lines between modern classical, techno, and ambient, making an album that incorporates all three and more and yet manages to make merging these apparently contradictory moods and styles seem natural.
0,On Sept 22, 2007 I was lucky enough to catch Brooke performing a live show (which I will post a picture of on Amazon). Not only did she look beautiful in person, but she also sounded great. She completely rocked the house with several hip-hop pop songs.		I have read the negative reviews and I understand where people are coming from. I agree that many good and talented musicians are being silenced by big corporate media, but I also think we should be careful not to paint every artist with a broad brush of criticism. Yes, Brooke is sort of doing the Britney, Ashley Simpson, Paris thing, but she deserves credit where it is due. Unlike Britney; Ashley, and Paris, Brooke can actually sing and she sings live at her performances. Also, pop should not be confused with legitimate groups like Nirvana, Beatles, etc... Like pro-wrestling, pop music is a pretend form of entertainment. Wrestling isn't real but it is fun to watch, and pop can also be fun to watch and listen to.		I don't like what companies like MTV are doing. Showing all pop, hip hop, and rap is like having ESPN dropping basketball, football, baseball, etc, for pro wrestling and roller derby. Both are entertaining, but they deserve different venues. The same is true for pop and legitimate music.		With that said, if you're the kind of person who enjoys pop then you should give Brooke's CD a listen, and try to catch a live show. I always felt bad that I didn't see Britney's oops tour in early 2000, but seeing Brooke live made up for it. She was better
0,It's not that they've lost their edge! It's simply that they've matured with age! I don't think they want to go back to their Spit days! Funeral For Yesterday is great album with just as much bite as Spit and others if not more! I will continue to be a fan in the future!
0,This CD is awesome. Great blend of heavy and mellow songs. Well written all the way around. Even non-heavy metal fans would love the mellow stuff - unless they know nothing about music. Metal fans will love the heavy songs - really good stuff. Blistering guitar as always - excellent drums - love it!! Mellow songs still have an "edge" to them - don't sound cheesy like some bands' attempts. Great piano, great vocals, tight band. Can't wait to see them in November!!		I am adding this part of my review after my original review in response to the few (and I mean very few) reviews that weren't so good. Okay, one reviewer claims that it is "more of the same" and therefore gave it only 3 stars. I hate to break it to him, but truth be told - as the years go by, it's almost impossible to be "innovative" or "ground-breaking" as everything's already been done before. My personal goal these days is to find a great cd where I like (or love) almost every track - and this cd is exactly that.  There's only so much that you can do with musical instruments and stll make a finished product that sounds good to the listener. I took the liberty to view some of his other reviews, and here's what I discovered: 3 stars for a Ice Cube cd. Yeah, you heard me right - Ice Cube. The same amount of stars as he gave this BLS cd. 4 stars for some other rapper. Sorry, but someone talking in rhyme to a computerized drum beat doesn't deserve the same grade (or better) as 4 people who actually play instruments and are very good at it. How do these guys become more innovative... are there rhymes "more ill"? Do they become more realistic wanna-be gangstas? Everyone has different tastes, but really?? He also gave 4 stars to the band Jet. Yep, you heard right - Jet. That's innovative stuff right there. Okay, enough with that guy. The guy that gave 2 stars complained about the cd having 6 ballads. Either he can't count, or he got a cd with bonus songs that I didn't get... I only count 4 - and they are all outstanding. He seems to like nothing but "make your ears bleed" music. Which, as I said earlier - everybody has different tastes - and that's cool.		The point I'm trying to make is: don't take the negative reviews too seriously. People have different tastes, and sometimes review things that they shouldn't. That's why I don't review rap cd's - every review would be terrible because I'm not into that garbage.
0,First of all, the cover art is insanely wonderful. It simply grabs the attention and makes one want to listen what's hidden behind.  The album itself certainly does not disappoint. Band members were playing together for quite long at the time, so the formula of writing/playing songs was polished and it shows.	The songs presented here are in a more happier mood than on 'Destiny' and production is great once again. The first track, Hunting High and Low is your typical Stratovarius song that could end up on any album of theirs: it is straight, catchy and not long with a sing along chorus. Then they move on to 'Millenium', which is a fast rocker, but again, you'd guess it right..it is one of those typical power metal songs that Strato are good at. 'Mother Gaya' slow thing down..it is a long ballad with haunting melodies, piano interludes,etc.; Phoenix is another gem with sing along chorus;Glory of the World is in my opinion the best song on the album-it reminds me a lot of Athens of the World on Destiny. Million Lightyears Away and Freedom are good solid tracks, Infinity is a long epic song with amazing vocals and the closing track is Celestial Dreams, a short ballad.	A solid effort from these guys once again, but Visions or Destiny it is not. Almost all the songs here are more or less predictable ad that takes away from the album in general. I wouldnt give this record 4 stars since it still a fine package on his own right, yet we have certainly heard even better products than Infinite from Stratovarius.
0,I bought Secret Treaties back in 1979 shortly after seeing BOC live for the first time. This is one album that totally blew me away from the get go and became an instant favorite. I was glad to replace my well worn vinyl copy with the CD in the late 80's. The writing here is masterful, and the album just flows with great segues from one song into the next. This is truly album rock, with the overall package being greater than just individual songs. It's hard to pick the best moment, but the abrupt ending of 'Flaming Telepaths' transitionimg into the opening quiet piano of 'Astronomy', in my opinion BOC's greatest song, is a good candidate. Secret Treaties was truly the creative peak for this band. The record is both rocking and other wordly at the same time. Every last musical inch of this album is etched in my mind forever. It may be my biggest musical influence, and is always in my all time top ten when I'm asked. An indescribably essential listen that must be experienced rather than talked about.
0,If you can make it past the first song on the CD "Old Shep" without crying,the rest of the CD offers a delightful selection of classic old songs.  My grandfather's favorite song was "Life Gets Tee-jus,Don't It", a really funny way that some farm folks felt in the old days, especially those who went through the Depression.  Walter Brennan does an excellent job of talking all of these classic songs.  There is no voice like his for expression of feelings.  From "Shiftin'Whisperin'Sands" to "Dutchman's Gold", this CD is a delight. In between you get "I Believe".  I recommend it highly to anyone who remembers Walter Brennan.
0,As the author of the Jefferson Airplane book "Take Me To A Circus Tent" and a former radio disc-jockey, I am often asked to write and or discuss various recordings from the 60's and 70's.		Do you know how the Blind Faith tune "Had To Cry Today" got its name?  Before the reviews from the Amazon buyers begin, there is a blurb about the DVD.  Look at the line questioning why the band did a Rolling Stones cover!  Answer-Along with over 100,000 other good folks they were paying homage to Brian Jones of the Rolling Stones who had passed away.  Obviously, I am kidding about where the title of the song came from but it was to make a point that if you talk about a record or DVD it isn't bad to be aware of the group!		If fidelity of a recording wins out over history, there is nothing that will change your mind about owning a legendary day of rock and roll.  The remarks about the quality of the recording are not malicious or defamatory but facts.		For those that want to preserve a treasure from the past and are collectors of Blind Faith material it is necessary own.  The cover of the Rolling Stones "Under My Thumb" was a one shot deal and a necessity in the archives.  "Sleeping In The Ground" did not make it on the one and only studio recording.		If any Clapton fan ever gets tired of listening to "Presence Of The Lord" they are an imposter!  The song is a work of beauty.		As for Eric and the guys being uninspired, how would you perform if a friend of yours passed away light years before his time?		Those that took a stab at Mr. Winwood's voice not being in the best form should attempt with two days notice (Permits had to be secured) to come prepared with state of the art equipment to cover the size of a small planet, sing and play forty minutes while thinking of Brian's death and making sure he could properly hear his band mates mix from the monitors.		When it comes time to analyze how King Crimson, Blind Faith, and the Stones played in the park lets remember the circumstances and the results!  Thumbs up to them and to Brian for his tenure with the Stones.		Enjoy the music and be well,	Craig Fenton	Author of the Jefferson Airplane book "Take Me To A Circus Tent"
0,Who can go wrong with Barry Manilow?!
0,I love the music from the 80's,but it was starting to get boring with all the BigHair Bands,Rap,and NewKids On the Block  being played on all the radio stations. Nirvana brought us back down to Earth with the Grunge Movement."Nevermind" is a Raw,HardRocking,IN your face CD."Smells like Teen Spirit" is a classic. The weird guitar,the shouting,its like hearing a Nervous Breakdown put to music."Come as you are," is perfect. Take off the mask and be yourself. My favorite is "Lithium." I love the bass on this cut,and the line,"In my head I'm so ugly,that's ok,cause so are You."The bottom line is, the music from "Nevermind" is timeles. I can't stop playing this CD.Its a classic.
0,In 1964, Miles brought his quintet, with George Coleman, Herbie Hancock, Ron Carter, and Tony Williams, to give a concert as a Civil Rights benefit.  The gig was unpaid and some of the band members threatened to leave when they found out, but Miles pulled them back together and they went out on stage to play.  This album documents half of the material yielded by the concert, the other half being released on "Four & More."		The price of the CD is more than worth it for one tune, a fifteen minute version of "My Funny Valentine" which is the quintessential jazz performance.  It begins with a beautiful piano introduction with Miles coming in and stating the melody (sort of) in a very rubato duet with Hancock.  Eventually the band comes in and the groove establishes itself and peaks with an amazing chromatic trumpet run.  The band just explodes.  Coleman takes a lengthy but very very pretty saxophone solo (he was never as inventive as his replacement, Wayne Shorter, but he acquits himself well here) before Herbie waxes a GORGEOUS improvisation with only Carter behind him most of the way.  I have a transcription of said solo and I am amazed that anyone could even write that, let alone make it up on the spot.  Miles comes back in with the melody at the bridge and the tune ends quietly, the close of a magnificent melodic journey filled with amazing interplay and near-telepathy between the band members.  This is what jazz is all about, creating spontaneous beauty that has never existed before and never will the same way again.  Of course, we have the record to play it over and over.		The rest of the album follows in more or less the same mold: extended standard performances that are beautiful and top quality, though none of them quite reach the poignancy and power of the title track.  The way the material was divided between the two albums is a little strange in that most of the medium tempo material is here while the faster material is on "Four & More," so it can get a little repetitious listening to "My Funny Valentine," "All of You," and "Stella by Starlight" all in a row, with little variation of tempo and approach.  My suggestion?  Either listen to the tunes one at a time or buy this album and "Four & More" and shuffle them...just a thought.
0,This is the most straightforward output by Mastodon to date. Brann sings a couple of songs and Brent's irritating vocals come through on a couple as well. Alot of these songs remind me of "aqua Dementia". Still goin with the whole pscychedelic vibe of metal and even go as far as to quote some Paul McCartney lyrics (The love you make is equal to the love you take) so it goes from head bangin to head scratchin. Maybe it's a coincidence but once bands get on a major label (as Mastodon did with Warner) they seem to always slow things down a bit too much. Definitely some rockers on here but some Queens of the Stone Age - tempo styled stuff on here as well.
0,This is at once a primer for those whose only familiarity with Bossa Nova is "elevator music" or at the dentist' office and a sweet reminder for old fogeys(like me)the reappreciation of the simple,yet complex melodies of an idiom of music steeped with lament and joy and a perfect vehicle for jazz interpretation. The masters are here,Jobim,Almeida,Gilberto and Getz and of course their vocal muse, the wistful and fragile Astrud Gilberto. The pieces used here are a hodge podge culled from several albums and these are some of the standards. My hope here is that the listener is moved to want to hear more and discover the other iconic artists in the field(notably Elis Regina,Charlie Byrd and more recently Eliane Elias).I can assure you however that this is a more than worthy investment.
0,Alice N Chains is back in a way. Jerry Cantrell did one hell of a job putting this LP together so quickly after Lane Staley's death. This is my fav Band!!!It rips!!
0,Musicologists love to debate where Jimi Hendrix may have ventured had he not tragically died in 1970.  It is true the master was going to work with Miles Davis, and that would have been monumental.  It is worth exploring the possibilities of a foray into the newly developing funk scene as well, and nobody came closer to carrying on the Hendrix legacy than Funkadelic's guitar wizard Eddie Hazel, a true contemporary of Hendrix and Jeff Beck.  Unfortunately, he has not enjoyed the mass appreciation of other guitar gods, and that's a crime.	  "Maggot Brain" opens with the title track, a simple rhythm guitar backing Hazel in a ten minute opus that belongs in the rock god pantheon.  George Clinton wisely lets Hazel shine, knowing genius when he hears it.  If "Maggot Brain" isn't enough, Hazel soars throughout, welding funk with metal and making it work.  It makes you wanna boogie and play air guitar at the same time, which would look really stupid, but that just proves how well the two styles of hard rock and funk can work together.	  As with great jazz musicians like Wes Montgomery, John Coltrane and Charlie Christian, to name a few, it's a shame more young black musicians aren't interested in making real music, preferring instead to rap over minimalist backgrounds and completely ignore their musical ancestry that invented blues, rock and roll, and jazz.  "Maggot Brain" belongs in every collection.
0,People go on about the brilliance of 'Interstate Love Song' and 'Big Empty', the two biggest hits from the album. Many of the listeners are, lets be polite, not fully aware of this album's appeal...and fail to see beyond the obvious. Don't listen to these people. Don't get me wrong I like the smash hits from Purple, but there are far greater things if you JUST LISTEN.		Meatplow instantly brings back memories of Core, I can just imagine the hippie student, massive Core fan, sticking in Purple and hearing the first few chords, 'whoa cool man'. Meatplow is nonetheless a good song with a very catchy hook, despite being a little too derivative. Unfortunately for our hippie friend he gets bombarred with some of the most melancholy, psychedelic and ultimately disturbing music to come out of the 90s. But hell, he doesn't know it.		Lounge Fly is an excellent song- slow and brooding with visceral lyrics. Something the hippie will relish from this totally un-Core-ish album. Still Remains is the best song STP ever created, and one of my favourite songs of the genre. It's deceivingly dark, and portrays a difficult drug surfacing for Weiland with lyrics such as - 'If you should die first, ask if you could bring a friend' - Of course our generic American no-brainer (no digs honestly) won't pick up subtlety.		The closer, Kitchenware & Candybars, not the hidden Led Zep cover that stinks, sums up Purple. K & C is a classic, it's just a fine, miserable, gloomy and depressive closer, leaving a dark and bitter taste in the mouth. But all in a good way.		There are real psycho songs on here, such as Vaseline and Unglued which reflect the good side of drugs - the getting high bit. These songs are undoubtedly psychedelic, acting as nice contrasts to the rest of the serious tone.		Purple is, on a whole, a very deep and moving album. Obviously influenced by drug addictions and the up/down life that entails.
0,I've had this set for several years, and have finally gotten around to posting a review.		I've always had trouble with the Brandenburgs. Not the music itself, but with the performances. I never heard one -- not even from my belov&eacute;d Jordi Savall -- that sounded quite right. Then I came across Helmut Winschermann, conducting the orchestra he founded in 1960 (the German Bach Soloists).		These performances -- and those of the Orchestral Suites -- eclipse all the other performances I've heard over nearly half a century.		Yes, I know how stupid that sounds. It's one thing to say "This is my favorite performance", or even "This is the best performance", and quite another to say "This is the only /really good/ recorded performance." But Winschermann "gets" these works in a way that no one else does.		He conducts in a light, buoyant, dancelike manner, and never falls into the chug-chugga-chugga slogging that mars every other performance (to a greater or lesser degree) I've heard. His tempos are consistently "baby bear" throughout, and his phrasing felicitous, without being mannered or self-aware.		Perhaps I'm "wired" to like only the Winschermann performances. So be it.		These recordings appear to have been made specifically for LaserLight, a Canadian budget label. The easiest way to get the Brandenburgs and Overtures is to buy a used copy of the 10-disk Bach set. (Volume 3 of this set, which "completes" the two-disk set I'm reviewing here with Orchestral Suites #3 and #4, seems no longer available as a separate disk.)		You are in for a treat.
0,Great songs	I think she wrote the song for Porter Wagoner
0,After you get past the first two tracks, which I am pretty sure were produced for college radio airplay with almost no improvisational moments, this CD pretty much explodes with funkiness and stellar guitar soloing from Scofield. The bass is so utterly in your face without eating up the mix of the whole record that it's really remarkable, and Avi shows why there really IS such a thing as a rhythm guitar player who is not doing it just because he's not good enough to play a solo - he's in a class by himself. I consider the original Uberjam CD to be like the modern "Kind Of Blue" that defined a new direction of bringing in the modern music of the culture while still being true to the spirit of jazz, so it was fantastic to get another helping that was just as good.
0,Marcus had to have known that 'Silver Rain' was a subpar record, 'cause he's come back strong with this self-titled disc. He seems to be using the same concept he used for M2. Let me be the first to say, this formula is working quite well thank you. Marcus has always had one of the more identifiable and unique voices among slap-style bassists, hence his popularity among bass players and artists like Luther Vandross and Miles Davis.		While Marcus has always been great bassist, to me this record sheds more light on his somewhat underrated abilities as a multi-instrumentalist and producer. With this record he goes deeper into a melodic neo-soul idiom while managing to keep his bass playing in the leading-but-disciplined role. Quite a feat to accomplish in this era of bland, play-it-safe smooth jazzers and over-the-top progressive power-noodlers. Marcus' bullwhip slapping propels this record without overpowering it.		I do like the fresh treatment he gives to cover tunes like Free, When I Fall in Love, What is Hip?, and especially the oft-covered Stevie Wonder classic Higher Ground(this tune has that old-school R&B shuffle that you can't help but bop your head to). I had to deduct a star though, because Marcus included a cover of 'Lost Without You'. My significant other loves Robin Thicke and I don't. Hater in the house...lol! And is it me, or does it seem that Marcus is poking a little fun at that slap-and-pluck speed demon Victor Wooten on 'Jean Pierre'?		Marcus' session musicians perform wonderfully also, especially newcomer harmonica player Gregoire Maret. Marcus obviously learned his lessons from Miles Davis on choosing sidemen well. And why it took Marcus so long to reunite with his old boss David Sanborn is beyond me, but I'm glad they finally did. Let's hope its not the last time. With this disc Marcus should at least merit a nomination from the Grammies, this record is that good.
0,This disc of BOYS is the one to get.  The recording sparkles from start to finish!  Great cast! Great score!	Miles ahead of the Columbia/Sony Broadway studio cast which is terribly dull.  And better sung than the lively and theatrical (and now, sadly, out-of-print) 1963 off Broadway revival cast on Broadway Angel/EMI.
0,Raw, heavy, dark and cool as hell. This album is very heavy, probably Korn's heaviest. Lots of guitar distorion, and screaming vocals. Twist and Mr. Rogers are very disturbing. This album is very emotional too, especially on tracks like Good God and Kill You, (In which Jonathan Davis Freaks Out). Great for Metal Fans.
0,Truly an extraordinary DVD package which includes the very essence of the Temptations!		Most of the performances were lip-synched, but just to see them perform on these classic clips, you can truly feel the magic either for the first time if you haven't seen them during their glory days or if you are a nostalgic fan revisiting the past!  Groovy shows such as the Hollywood Palace, The Ed Sullivan Show (of which I have many video clips of the Tempts on VHS) and Murray the K features the Tempts doing what they are known around the world for...doing their precise movements, singing their tight harmonies AND looking good doing it!		For me, the extras are what impress me, especially viewing the Tempts hard at work on SORRY IS A SORRY WORD, a taping for the CBS News segment, THE MOTOWN SOUND.		Otis's interview throughout the DVD and during the bonus feature is also another highlight for me.  He was there through it all and is still around to tell us about the magic of the Temptations!		The acapella section on 15 of their biggest hits continues to awe and astound me!  It is like they didn't need a rhythm section...the harmonies were that tight!		Complete with never-before released photos and another excellent essay by Rob Bowman, this is a must have!
0,Petula Clark is one of the great singer to come out o0f Britain and what a pleasure to listen to hour after hour.
0,Love it! Thank you
0,Hernan Cattaneo's second installment in his self-realized "Sequential" series is a highly intelligent and logical extension of the successful first installment. It is in every way as haunting, smooth and colorful as its album's cover might indicate. Hernan is arguably the smoothest DJ on the scene right now, able to slyly manipulate the transitions between songs whose eclectic nature one cannot help but savor and appreciate. What works in Hernan's favor is the fact that Sequential Vol. 2 is not so much a "sequel" as much as it is a progression for the Sequential series and Cattaneo himself.		The layout of Sequential 2 is similar to that of Sequential, Vol. 1; the first disc is a wonderful, (dare I mention the word timeless already?) smooth and sexy mix of what amounts to be a superb track selection. Though brief, Cattaneo and John Tonks' `Little Intro Mix' of "Sweep" swept me off my feet; the two artists manage to change a rather familiar song into something brief and beautiful. As usual, Cattaneo's track selection is impeccable as he mixes quirky tracks like "18 Years" alongside more conventional tracks like "Monochrome." Those of you familiar with Hernan's sly DJ'ing style will, no doubt, find lovely the transitions between Nic Fanciulli's remix of "I Try" and the `Sequential Mix' of "Anime" (produced by Cattaneo and Tonks themselves). The beauty of disc one steadily escalates as the tracks progress and I truly believe Hernan meticulously placed these tracks in "sequence" to provide this effect. He succeeds, brilliantly. The beauty of the first disc is counter-weighted by midtempo, beat-oriented tracks beginning early on in the mix; from tracks five until sixteen, Hernan manipulates the sound so that with regards to the mystical elements of the music the intrusion of heavier undercurrent beats doesn't overwhelm the vibe. Note-worthy tracks include "Goodbye Pluto" and Martin Buttrich's sublime remix of "Rhythm Acupuncture," which segues into the superbly chosen "Popsky," aiding "Smooth Drive" in bringing closure to the first disc riding the same elegance with which it began.		True to "Sequential" prototype, the second mix illustrates what the cover of the album can only convey visually. A certain type of aural 'color' is injected into the tracks on this mix, similar to the 'color' one might find on the Luke Fair's "Balance." That is not to say that disc two resembles house music, by any means. Tracks such as Guy Gerber & David K's mix of "Neon," "Arachnofunk" and "Everyone Loves Candy" that illustrate this colorful timbre - and we only find ourselves on the fourth track! This is definitely a mix to cherish, just as its predecessor was. The style is fresh - the "new car smell" of EDM and it simply never fails to get the body moving. "Everyone Loves Candy," in fact, launches the album into danceable bliss with echoic female "voices" (not to be confused with vocals) and a relentless dancefloor beat that will promote beads of sweat on your face as you let loose to its sound. Take it or leave it, but this is one wicked album. The remix of Layo & Bushwacka!'s "Saudade" deserves specific praise here, I think, because of its ethnically-infused funk. Add a dash of electro and flip on the strobe-lights because the party's going from dusk `til dawn. Any dance album has the capacity to precipitate an all-night party, but tracks like "Nobody Beats the Biz," moving from funk-laden grooves to hard-hitting minimal house keep things one step ahead of the rest. How Hernan manages this flow without losing the listener nor the pace continues to elude me; in fact, it excites me to the point where I'm not sure if I'm liable to care how he does it - I just want to taste that aural sugarcane. Two unique `Sequential Mixes' of "Airtight" and "Paper Dove" bring even more authenticity to faithful Stel's "Infinitiy," which closes out the second mix and displays the sexy fusion of house, Balearic and trance EDM tightly bound within the confines of eight minutes. Superb.		The second volume of Sequential shows Hernan at perhaps his finest peak thus far as we have watched his style move through that of the fifth Master's Series to the Sequential series and the continued success of his Metro 95.1 radio show. This is an album worth purchasing; ideal for a club or for a home entertainment system, there is never a point during which the listener feels his intelligence is being insulted with repetitious "four-on-the-floor" amateur antics. This is simply not Hernan's style. Expect the same sly, smooth and sexy trance we have all come to know and love Hernan Cattaneo for - though dually, expect it to be of a higher caliber than we have seen from him before. Unlike John Digweed's Transitions, Vol. 2, which is a fantastic album in its own right but is a mere continuation of the first volume, the second Sequential release is a step forward from the previous excursion, and exercises both the mind and body in ecstatic unity.		~Lex
0,Hmmm (strokin' my whiskers)...looks like everyone is piling on Rev for this release...	Not this old geezer, I love to see Billy do his "thang" cubano style...good to step out of the expected circle and dance, not just hang onto 3 chords and an occasional seventh all the time, although a bigger Little Old Band from Texas fan you'll never see than me...to be honest I borrowed this disc from the local lending library, but I told Santa to bring me a sealed copy...The Roy Head classic Treat Her Right is the highlight for me...fine rhythm here, would love to hear what Desi Arnaz would say about it, but...	Thanks Billy, hope you continue the saga for many years to come...See ya'
0,I enjoyed the recent Broadway revival. I found it high in entertainment value, but a bit hollow. It entertained me without moving me. I feel the same about this recording. It is well sung, but a little over done for my liking. The vocal arrangements are harmonically fuller and more difficult than the original 1970's versions. The arrangements sound too much like "Glee" for my taste. The vocalese arrangement of The Prologue (Tower of Babble) is fun to listen to, but is it Godspell? I prefer Godspell to be simpler and more straight forward.		You cannot fault the cast. They sing the stuffing out of the score. I am particularly fond of Telly's "All Good Gifts" and his Entre Acte version of "Learn Your Lessons Well" Although, I wish the recording would have kept Telly's live performance introduction where he starts out with the opening vamp of" Magic to Do" from Pippin and a quick seque to Wicked before finally arriving at "Learn Your Lessons Well".		Hunter Parrish acquits himself well on this recording. Onstage I found him to be a little bland and a bit of a "pretty boy front man" (to borrow a phrase from another Broadway Rock Musical). Live, he gets a little lost amidst the entire cast, but on the new cast recording he makes a very sweet and earnest Jesus. His "Beautiful City" is one of the standout songs on the disc.		Overall, this version should be a part of your collection.
0,This is absolutely `Cabaret Voltaire's' best album in my opinion.  Before this came out their output had a very industrial sound. All dirty distortion, tape loops & discordant buzzing noise.  Much in the vein of say `Throbbing Gristle' or maybe `Test Dept.'.  But with this Album it seems they decided to make the music cleaner and more (dare I say it) pop-oriented.  You may find yourself singing along to `Why Kill Time (When you can kill yourself)' or humming the very catchy `Crackdown' while you do the dishes.  The vocals are clear and hard and the lyrics suitably disturbing and all backed by nice hard dark synth lines that will pound the songs into your brain.  Despite its cleaner sound the image of Cabaret Voltaire still remained somewhat sinister if perhaps a bit more stylish.  `Just Fascination' is a wonderfully put together track with a pretty complex arrangement complimented by highly introspective lyrics that would be a hit I'm sure in any Psychiatric Ward for the mentally insane.  So, to sum up.  1982.  A new direction for the group.  Catchier, beatier, more danceable (Yes, no more Joy Division Anorak Head nodding on this one) & funkier.  Totally accessible to anyone with an ear to the more interesting of the output coming out of Britain in 1982.
0,Recording since the early 1950's, Buddy Guy and Junior Wells represent the cream of rhythm and blues ... and Alone & Acoustic may just be one of the first of what's become known as "Unplugged" performances.  While the material is not new, the presentation is, these two gunslingers faced off in Paris back around 1981, during a European tour, Buddy Guy with his smokin' Chicago guitar, and Junior Wells rippin' up the place with his legendary harmonica, both sharing lead vocals, and both harmonizing with each other and their instruments.  All of the fifteen tracks found here are pure southern roots blues, delivered with conviction, in the manner necessary for pure blues to be heard ... acoustically.		What's been laid down here is nothing short of historical magic, where these two gentlemen at the pinnacle of their game, managed to circle back and not only rediscover each other again after thirty years, but to rediscover the essence of the most important music in the world, music that is hands down responsible for all that rock n' roll ever was.  As laid back as these numbers sound, there's a tension in the air that allows Buddy and Junior to interact with each other on a sensitive level, one that flows across the floor, and snakes up your legs, like the devil himself reaching out to corrupt your very soul.		It's thrilling to hear renditions of songs such as "Rollin' & Tumblin'," "Sweet Black Girl," and "High Heeled Sneakers," songs we've come to treasure as back-bending electric blues staples, sounding all the more demanding, lighter than ear, and all the more essential here.  There are few albums which I would consider masterpieces, Blonde On Blonde, by Mr. Dylan is one, Revolver, by the Beatles is another, not to mention The Rolling Stones' Beggar's Banquet" ... all of which, owe everything that's found right here.		Dig it ...		Review by Jenell Kesler
0,Young and old alike will fall in love with this album. Buy the dvd to let little ones watch first. Then play the cd for them throughout the holiday season. They will love it!! I recommend this cd very highly.
0,I read the book, but I have yet to see the movie. However, listening to this score I would say it exactly matches the mood of the story. The slow, moody tones perfectly fit the sad, isolated world of Ender Wiggins and also fits the idea of slow, muted space combat. I really enjoyed the album.
0,When this album arrived in stores in the beginning of june 2001. it was a smash. it hit #2 in the US (if it hadn't been for Alicia's Keys terrible album) this one had gone to #1.	Ok so what. It wen't to #1 where I lived and stayed there for about a month. This album didn't though do so well it stayed high on the charts for a few months then just suddenly disapeared which is a shame because this is a damn fine album I'll tell you.	I don't blame those people people who think this album more as an EP. Because it is in a way. But the stuff on it is excellent.	After some disapointment from Kid A. They made this album just released 8 months later. This is different from KId A. Not as strange (as some may recall it). It has a mixture of Kid A and Ok Computer but has it's own chemestry. I Love the album. The arranging, the electrica work along with piano sounds and guitar riffs and some of the songs here you just can't get them out of your head. This album is great. And If you don't have it. Buy it. It's a great follow up to Kid A but better.
0,I was speechless when I first listened to the first track of this album. It's so beautiful, Nancy sings it so passionately, it's amazing.	The entire album is gorgeous with incredible arrangements.	Also, the sound quality is fantastic. Highly recommended! One of my personal favorite albums of all time!
0,I have to admit that I absolutely love this CD, which, in light of its completely pop/electronic sound, is something of a guilty pleasure for me.  I initially learned about Everything But The Girl after hearing Tracey Thorn's vocals on two beautiful songs that she did with Massive Attack, "Better Things" and "Protection," both of which are on this compilation.  I immediately wanted to hear more of her, and this was the first CD that I picked up.  Every song is great.  I was surprised to see so many negative reviews.  I can understand that some of the fans of EBTG's earlier music were put off by their transition to a more electronic sound, but the tracks on this CD provide such a mellow, hypnotic groove that it's hard to imagine that any preestablished prejudices weren't worn down. I could listen to this CD at any time.  I can't recommend it highly enough.
0,First of all, I should say that I have a personal bias. I am a Crowdie from way back and love virtually (I say virtually because they do have a few throwaways(Kill eye and Chocolate Cake)everything either Crowded House or Neil Finn has created.  Neil is an absolute genius as a songwriter; often dark, often sunny, and always eloquent.  Neil likes to paint pictures with words.  A good example of that on this album is "Amsterdam"  Makes me feel like I am walking those streets and canals with him.  Neil does not say what's easy and trite. He is a creative wordsmith who does not stick to banalities but who challenges the listener to delve a little deeper.  In "Elephants" he suggests that we are like elephants at the waterhole "and the alligator waits his turn"  Sounds a bit strange until you listen to the song and then it makes perfect sense. Anyone but Neil would have said something like 'Someone will be out to get you" "Let's admit the world doesn't care about us" and the refrain "Sweet dreams, make waves, find bliss"  Pure poetry.  "Twice if you're lucky" is a great song but one that had to grow on me.  It's probably one of the simpler, most accessible songs on this album for most people, especially those of us of a certain age.  Neil's wife, Sharon, provides harmony vocals on two tracks "Archer's Arrows" and the amazing "Isolation"  "Isolation" reminds me a bit of "Hole in the River"  It starts as a ballad and ends up a psychedelic rocker and it is probably my favorite track on the album. Multi-instrumentalists Mark Hart and Neil go to town with the guitar at the end in a mind-blowing way on this track.  The guitar reminds me a bit of "Fingers of Love" while remaining different from that track.  "Saturday Sun" is a pop piece with a killer bass track by Nick Seymour.  "Even if" sounds so much like McCartney you could be forgiven for thinking thast's who you were listening to, and I mean that as a compliment.  The way it is constructed is a piece of genius.  Again, the lyrics are amazing.  "In the darkness from the stage; the sting in my tail"  "Either Side of the World" and "Falling Dove" are nice tracks that are immediately accessible.  "Falling Dove" is also McCartneyish.  I was lucky enough to get to see CH twice in the last couple of months.  Before the album came out in May in Glasgow, Scotland and just last week in Dallas.  If you ever get the chance to see them live, do yourself a favor and go.  You will just be amazed at the level of their musical ability.  I have seen all the greats including Queen, Muse, Pink Floyd, Deep Purple, Paul McCartney and many more and CH are in that league.  Their musicianship is extraordinary.  Their albums are great, but live they just blow it out of the water.  Intriguer takes a few listens to fully appreciate.  Like the layers of an onion, each listen reveals a little more to the point that you find yourself nodding or saying to yourself "Ah-hah"  If you have only listened once or twice and are not sure about it, find youself some time to be alone with it and really listen. Savor it like a fine wine.  To this day, I am still discovering little gems in "Together Alone" and "Woodface" although I must have listened to each hundreds of times.
0,This is Alice in Chains, Black gives way to blue is Alice in Chains, Jerry, Sean, Mike and William are Alice in chains as much as Layne, Mike, Sean and Jerry were back in the day. This band is truer to their sound and essence today 25 years later than any other band from the grunge era that I can think of. Pearl Jam and Smashing pumpkins have aged and changed an even as they remain great acts and put out good albums you can palpate the change from their heyday. With Alice, they have matured, they have grown old, they have lost two loved and dear band members, but still to this day remain as AiC as ever. Is the album classic, how does it stand compared to their previous albums? Well in my opinion no it is not a classic and it can see in the eye any other alice album. It is a great piece of modern and adult grunge and I wouldn't take it any other way. If you have been neglecting AiC since their unplugged album... boy! you are missing on so much...	To recap as another reviewer stated "If it's good enough for Jerry it is good enough for me"
0,Clapton has had a number of career paths: innovative-but-purist bluesman in the early 60s, avant garde rock star with Cream, and then laid back singer-songwriter where he played his guitar less and less in the 70s, and then, in the last decade, he has returned (sort of) to the blues. Well even though this is in the 70s here he has the blues and by god he actually plays lead...a lot! "Have you ever loved a woman?" is just superb and he duels mightily with George Terry. Clapton has done a number of versions of the Freddie King original and this is probably my second favorite version (the first being the live version with the Bluesbreakers). This one is really aggressive and he and Terry really stab their leads into the song with the kind of passion that Clapton generally lacked in the 70s. The Blind Faith material is also just very pleasant - good tunes well played and Presence of the Lord has him wailing on his guitar in a most uncharacteristic way - very much more like Steve Winwood. "Rambling on my Mind" has the ascending key changes throughout which is very effective for pushing up the excitement, and passion level. "Further on up the Road" is also a very good version - his best cover of it in fact. This is by far his best live album - much superior in many ways to "Just One Night" or his stints at the Royal Albert Hall. The album is short but in many ways this is its strength. His band have a great sound, and play wonderfully together. Is it the world's greatest album? Of course not; but it is a coherent statement, and Clapton has a passion in his playing that is absent from the majority of his other post-Cream performances.
0,this album to me is one of the illest album to ever come out in the 90's,this album holds a very special place in my heart because of the song electric relaxation, it reminded me of my father back when he was sick and cancer and died a year later in '94,and they would play this song in the radio nonstop,thats when hip hop was pure,and the beats in the album is so hot thats what made this album so legendary,their last best album that they made was beats,rhymes and life,after that they went downhill,and q-tip went commercial and his album amplified was so horrible,q-tip please please make a reunion album,standout tracks 8 million stories (story about a goldigger),electric relaxation (one of the best songs they ever made),keep it rollin (produced by large professor),lyrics to go(hot song and beat),and finally god lives through.recommended for fans of a tribe called quest,early 90's hip hop,ny hip hop.
0,This is really an outstanding lp. I'm so glad to finally get it at	a reasonable price as I missed it the first time around.	Not that his official release was not awsome, but I think this project	was more consistant than the Whole World ended lp. There is a nice flow	to all of the tracks, much like his success with Van McCoy. His vocals	are at a classic David Ruffin peek. You get the feeling that he was very	enthusiastic while recording this project and eager to have a hit on	his own. I think his cover of the Jackson's I Want you back, could	have surpased the original in sales. A nice touch is the Original's	backgound vocals on Out in the Country. I won't go through every track	but every cut is single worthy. there is also a nice track written	and produced by Smokey. I'm surprised that Smokey did't produce a whole	lp on David during his solo years, after all Smokey did write one of	The tempts signeture songs My Girl. I guese Smokey was too busy	focusing on his own solo projects.
0,Wish I knew how Dave can keep writing such good songs album after album.
0,arrived in good condition
0,I love the first cd and I'm really feeling this one Jaq is doing her own thing to the max more power to you Jaq!
0,I now understand why Canadians were shocked to find out that	they played in small venues in the U.S. In Canada they are comparable to	bands like Rush and other huge bands. They always play large venues in Canada.	I agree with the Canadians, they are a very good band. I am not really that big	on large venue ie. The Target Center or the like, I would go see them any where they played.	Big venue or small I would be there.	HEMI
0,Fast Service...Great Music
0,LOVE THIS
0,I was a complete vinyl audiophile freak in the '70s and '80s, and first saw this in a pile of demo records at a local high-end audio store. The cover was so beguiling that I had them put it on their million-dollar tube set-up, and whoa! The glistening, shimmering music was made even more sublime by the incredible binaural production effects. I was captivated, bought the album along with Behind The Gardens, and still listen to them today with much pleasure.		I've enjoyed almost every AW recordings since then, and while he's occasionally a bit twee, sounding New Agey slick and limp at his worst, his catalog is for the most part excellent (and he was doing some of the best New Age music before it had a name). Vollenweider has since this early album played with various vocalists and many styles of musicians, but Caverna still reigns supreme for those who want to hear his electric harp work its magic as unadorned and purely as possible.		Every track here has a lovely melody, which is his forte. If you love melody married to sweet harmonic lushness, Vollenweider is your guy and this is the place to start. Then Gardens, Air, and many others, along with the fine 2 cd live album which covers much of his best stuff, a fine sampler.		But it's his early productions that still sound and feel best to me, Caverna above all. The opening little laughter bit with his wife, their coughing (a subtle recommendation to enhance the listening experience as you see fit), and then the glorious unfolding of the 3D soundstage into that inimitable harp soundscape that Andreas creates so perfectly. And make sure to listen to Caverna a few times on good headphones; this stuff is like Pink Floyd if Roger Waters was in a really good mood. CM is also a perfect album to play in thick traffic; it'll calm you down and wrap you in a tranquil cocoon of warm sound that will float your stress away. You might even let that guy cut in front of you, and with a smile!		This cd remaster is very nicely done; compared to the vinyl, it's less three-dimensional and not quite as warm, but still lovely, and the bonus tracks are pleasant. If you've never heard AW, or are looking for the best place to start, this or the live album are perfect, as is Gardens. They verge on cheesy at moments, but always pull back into the highest category of easy listening, in the best sense. I recall a long-ago musical journey listening to Ella's Cole Porter Songbook, then the first Black Sabbath album, then Caverna, then Stevie Wonder's Songs In The Key Of Life, then Bill Evans with Jim Hall on Undercurrent, and Caverna held up perfectly along with those other four peerless records, no mean feat. It's all music, after all, and the quality comes from the consciousness and emotional intention of the musician, whatever the genre. AW has plenty of both, and at a very high level in a very laid back fashion.		I recently checked out his website and was happy to see that he has made many fine humanitarian efforts, including protesting various wars while many were waving the flag for more violence and hate. If ever there was truly peaceful, loving music, this is it, and it's no wonder that its creator is a spokesman for peace. I salute you for that, Andreas, and thank you for many many hours of blissful relaxation and re-creation.		If you're looking for beautifully produced, harmonically-rich music that will slow you down and put a sweet smile on your face, you can't do much better than Caverna Magica.
0,Excellent
0,McLaughlin continued to etch out a worthy solo existence by producing timeless fusion that, despite dated elements, stands up, getting better as it goes due to an amazingly creative intuition in full swing.
0,good
1,I just want to echo the sentiments of an earlier reviewer, and thank all the whistleblowers here who sounded the alarm about Sony's insidious hidden spyware. I get enough of that crap to clean off my hard drive as it is through everyday spam attacks; I don't need it coming from my music CD's as well.		Having said that, I have longed for the Diamond Days when his music (at least to me) could do no wrong. I was about eight the very first time I heard "Holly Holy." I cried. The soaring, melodic, majestically joyful combination of Neil's songwriting prowess and Lee Holdridge's arrangement made it sound like the most beautiful hymn I had never heard sung in church before. And from that moment on I was hooked.		Every review I have read here and on other music sites expresses the same sentiment: The Man Is Back! I, too, would like to have the freedom to export my music to any device I desire, since I carry a stereo CD player, and have music on my hard drives at work and at home. Which is why before I even hear the first note, I have to give it one star. Not to punish Neil, but to express my extreme displeasure with Sony. So I will still purchase it and enjoy it, but it will have to be on my portable player. As long as it has spyware on it, it's not coming near any PC I use.		And if the suits at Sony are monitoring these reviews, I think they should know that I will have to consider a complete boycott of ALL Sony hardware and software products from here on in, until somebody comes to their senses.
1,Another FAKE remaster by Warner Bros Classics from original EMI France sources in the early 1970's which remain as poor sonically as in their old EMI box set, which I still own now in addition to this current set. Really, something should be done to stop record companies from reissuing discs under the guise and promise of greatly improved sonics which are simply not the case. A close examination which reveals only a "reissue" date of 1989, and no remastering engineer, are the tip-off as well.		Still, although Jean Martinon does  good job with the juvenilia symphonies and somewhat better with the "Organ" Symphony of course, it in no way equals the Charles Munch/Boston Symphony classic SACD which, talk about "remasters," comes from a 1959 original (!), and is truly spectacular. So if you are something of a completist like myself, looking for a sonic upgrade, don't be suckered into this fake and stay with the original.
1,It's over folks. DT is done. Well, that's what this album firmly suggest. It was bad enough to hear them recycle the stuff from their better days (I&W, Awake) on "Scenes From A Memory" and try to pass it as a masterpiece (and almost everyone fell for it) but the constant musical thievery going on on this....dreck is too much for me to bear; stolen Pantera, Tool and Rush riffs everywhere. The lyrics are on elementary-school level; even Linkin Park writes more poetic stuff. And the 'songs' (and I use that term very loosely) never feel coherent nor do they have any climax. They just wander until they drown into unbearable noodling. If you like this stuff you're probably better off with any Yngwie Malmsteen CD. This is DT at their absolute lowest - music without any purpose or direction that serves nothing more than contract fulfillment. Now excuse me while I put in my Opeth-CD...
1,The Pretenders - The Pretenders (AFZ 052)		This CD has two issues:		1.  A "phone ring" sound effect is missing from the song "The Phone Call".		Steve had stated that the master tape did not have the sound effects on it.  The sound effects were to be "flown in" using a digital workstation.		From an email that I received from Marshall:		"As to the ringtone, we used the original English master, which did not have the phone ring. The ring was added later."		2.  The disc has compression on it that is not found on the original Sire CD.  Regardless of ones opinion of the sound, AF CDs should not have compression on them, per the statement on each CD "The original dynamic range of this recording has not been maximized, brickwalled, limited or compressed in any way during remastering".		Steve was not around the forum during the discovery of the issues by forum members.  A few weeks prior to the discovery, he had stated that his PC "blew up" and that he wouldn't be around for awhile.  He came back to the forum after a few days of discussion regarding the issues on this CD and said this:		"Hi everyone,		So how do we like the Pretenders so far?		Kidding.		Obviously I can't talk about it.	If you like the sound of the disk, keep it and enjoy it.	If you are on the fence and sort of like it or are a collector, keep it as a unique item.	If you don't like what happened to it, just return it as defective, it's sold out of the run anyway.		Trust me, this FUBAR situation won't happen again on anything I master. This is not AF's fault.		Once again, if you like it, keep it, if you don't, return it as defective.		Please don't ask me any more questions as I can't answer them."
1,Sorry to be the dissenter here, but I just received this CD and found myself skipping to the next track about 30 seconds into each song. Why? because it is pablem for the senses, elavator music that goes nowhere, there is zero sense of fun or adventure. It may be "modern" and "sophisticated" but it is above all boring, as if someone went out of his way to bleach out all of the groove and swing of the early Crusaders albums. The good news? I only paid 77 cents for it, which proves once again that you get what you pay for.
1,People are running around saying how cool. Why? This is not artistic. This is .... A complete waste of my time to listen to (all nearly 30 minutes of music--aka EXTREMELY short CD). There may be some talent here, but it needs to be honed by a serious sound engineer and some brilliant producers. That's all I have to say about that.
1,These cds are garbage. Save your money - you're likely to find them for $1.00 at a used cd store in about 3 months.	Grow up and find some REAL music.
1,Great album. I love the music. The one star is for problems with the purchase. The download code was expired. This is a brand new product and it came with an expired code??? What gives?
1,First of all, let me start by saying that when you purchase this disc, do get it from Amazon Marketplace, because 37 dollars is way too much for any single disc import.		As for the disc, I was anxious to hear an astounding modern yet retro dance disc from one of my favorite girl groups of the 80s. Unfortunately, instead of picking up on the latest influence of 80s music in dance music, what we get here is predominantly disco flavored tracks that sound painfully dated, with some Latin tones now and then. The only semi retro/electro tracks on here (and my favorites) are Feel For You, Love Bite, Your Love is Like a Drug, and Marc Almond's remix of Venus. The two lead singles "Move in My Direction" and "Look on the Floor" are not even the strongest tracks! And the remixes on their singles don't make them much better.		I appreciate the commercial direction the girls have taken, but you can still sound mainstream while being more sophisticated than this. Take a listen to the new Madonna or even the Kelly Osbourne(!) to hear some infectious melodies with an 80s flair that don't melt down into total cheese. Unfortunately, I just don't see US radio embracing any of the sounds on this disc.		But of course, fans of Bananarama should still add this one to their collection. It's listenable, if not up to today's standards.
1,first off, i wanna start out by sayin that i used to be a pretty big fan of this girl (or woman). so i am not biased.		altho i didn't buy the album (why would i?), i listened to it enough times to come up w/ a general idea of what this album is really like. this is my conclusion -- it is cheap and extremely superficial to the point where it's hard to stand. my question is, WHY is she still in this industry making trashy music? first, she CANNOT sing (i think no one can say 'objection' to this one). second, she seriously needs to concentrate more on the priorities of her life. i don't think she realizes that she's got children of her own now! why torture people's eardrums? bottom line is that she just can't sing (why lipsych if u can?).		the way she is now just disgusts me -- it's repulsive.	this album -- well... just means that her flagrant name has brought her fame. it has no talent and no meaning. Jive just wants to use her now notorious brand name to make some money...		if ur definition of bad music is something that is very studio synthesized, fake, oversexed, and plain under-educated, DON'T GET THIS CD. it is not worth a penny. as if polluting the radio air waves of today's society is not enough.
1,This CD is crap. plain and simple. Wilson can't sing, the arrangements are cheesy and great if you have no musical ear or are tone deal. The harmonies are kind of fun, but otherwise, it totally sucks. If you think this is good Gershwin, you haven't heard the masters do it right. This is Gershwin for idiots. The band just goes through the motions and theirs no real feeling in this. Wilson needs to stop singing. His voice is as flat as fizzed out soda pop. He did great things once but maybe the drugs, age and other self-abuse have done him in. the album would have been at least listen-able if he had a good singer do the lead vocals.
1,I have to agree with the hardened Wagner fans here, this is served up in bloody chunks and ligaments rather than as an entire body of Wagner.  The plots do not mingle, the bits and pieces were poorly selected (the ride of the Valkyries as track #1.. please.)  Wagner is a genius, and to degrade his masterpieces into a "best of" compilation is horrible.  If you want to start with Wagnerian opera and have heard none of it, try just buying "Tannhauser" because it is a full opera, and affordable.  Slicing up an opera into these little pieces.. what a tragedy.
1,This version is missing songs...the best ones, too! Don't buy it, look for the full version.
1,Not the greatest
1,Wow, talk about uninspired and generic. Sounds as if they wrote this record in a few hours.
1,WOW, what a difference from the Daughtry I used to know & enjoy. I overwhelmingly agree with the majority of reviews	that have been written prior to me. Daughtry's voice sounds great, but it's the simplistic bubble gum songs thrown together	here that is just nauseating. I had a hard time just getting through this cd on its first spin. Dumb rhymes & unimaginative	song writing on this cd. I love his other discs, but buyer beware on this one.
1,Dude, please......either hire somebody to help you and start listening to your fans or go back to making movie soundtracks. All these 3 1/2 minute songs and the Bass Folks you could have kept for your privet collection, people who spend money on CD's and buy music expect more. Maybe there should be another title for this kind of music like "Personal Sounds" or something cause UP should be titled ME, this surely isn't for jazz fans and people who are hoping you'll deliver the next big thing. They sorta expect that from a Stanley Clarke and you've let us down yet again.
1,sucks
1,Only a couple Christmas songs. Which are good but the rest you can tell the company threw in as fillers that have nothing to do with Christmas.
1,the thing about Macy Gray is that to Me She isn't the worst thing in the Business far from it&in fact She is a Bit Different as a Artist for what goes for being nowadays but having said that, Her voice is still hard to Digest. Somewhere Between Mary J.Bliege,Rod Stewart,Eartha Kitt,&Tracy Chapman is Macy Gray&it isn't moving me except to crack up. Now the music has Funk Elements there but Her voice&Lyrics Never Rise to take it anywhere. Her concepts at times are interesting but that Voice Shoots it down as do Her Lyrics.also with some of Her Subject Matter&Lyrical Content you feel there is a Shock Value trying to Be Reflected but it wears off really soon&The Material never Recovers.
1,okay im so pissed off that people are saying this is a masterpiece its garbage its not a masterpiece if a two year old can play all the song on this album. this is ridiculous i ahte people that say this is metallicas last of the best cause its not ...and justice for all is okay this is gay stuff and this album is junk for all new metal heads do not buy this album it is a comercial gey album with no musical talent what so ever listein to real metallica like kill 'em all ride the lightning master of the puppets ...and justice for all do not waste you're time with this plain old garbage and i cant bealive all the posers that are giving this album five stars you are probably the same people who give great albuyms like hell awaits and kill 'em all and killing is my business...and business is good bad review you all are posers do not try to act like you're real metal heads and do not try to make people follow in you're direction by telling them albums like this one are masterpieces
1,I like Mandy Moore. "I Wanna Be With You" (IMO) is one of the best teen-pop ballads rivaling Christina's "Beautiful". Her self-titled album "Mandy Moore" was fun Pop-music with real creativity. And "Coverage" was really an album showing a more mature direction that Mandy decided to take. But this collection of songs was a last attempt for this music label to make money before she moves to another label. She didn't want to release this; but what can you do? Well don't support this obvious cash-in. Other than her self-titled album and "Coverage it's also worth checking into "A Walk to Remember" soundtrack. I can't wait to see what Mandy does next.
1,If you liked Chicago since their 80's "pure pop" phase then you may like this latest release.  One reviewer has said "they are smooth, cheerful, and bright, evoking the past without re-creating it.  And in 2014 that is likely what most Chicago fans would want."  Since most pop music being released these days is (in my opinion) pure crap, this reviewer may be right.  As for me, I long for the rock of the late 60s / early 70s.  So this is album is not for me.  It has been assigned to the rock genre.  But this is not rock!  It is pure pop like something you might hear on a smooth jazz playlist.  Not saying it is bad.  It depends on your musical taste.		So, if you liked earlier Chicago, you will probably hate this album.  If you preferred Chicago when they had more of an edge to their music, then check out former drummer Danny Seraphine's group called California Transit Authority(aka CTA).  Danny has been playing on the west coast with a group of fine musicians for a few years now.  And for their 2013 album, Sacred Ground,  they have added horns which makes them sound more like Chicago than the current Chicago band does.  Acclaimed guitarist Marc Bonilla co-produced and co-wrote on this project.  Former Chicago member Bill Champlin guests on "Full Circle" which reflects on Danny coming back to music.  And I'm glad he did.  Also check out Bill's son Will who writes and sings on the album as well.  If I had to pick between California Transit Authority and the current Chicago band, I would choose the former hands down.
1,The cover says it all.  I was hoping these guys would break up and fade away like Snot, but they had to keep going, get another cr@ppy vocalist and become even more mainstream.  Here is radio metal at its best.  I hate to repeat myself but LOOK AT THE COVER!!!  Metal? I think not.  Hopefully the new guy will die as well.  Go ahead click the helpful/not helpful button, either way will make me happy.  GOODBYE!!!
1,There's no reason to omit the Top 10 hit "How Do I Make You?" from 1980.  It would have easily fit on the disc.  As it is, this collection is incomplete.
1,the sound and picture do not match in a number of places.  I sent one back and got another and same thing, so it is a problem with the production.  Also, the older Austin City Limits shows do not have the crispness that newer shows have.  Norah Jones, for instance, is crystal clear in video and sound.  As for the show, the Killer is very good and it is worthwhile.
1,I would say that they are completely talentless, but the guy who plays the electric fiddle in the music video for "Lights and Sounds" at least appears like he knows how to play an instrument.
1,I guess when you cant write new music for your own band you do covers nobody wants to hear. This cd is a waste of  energy to even listen to it they owe me a hour of my life back.
1,David Campbell possesses one of the most beautiful, lyrical voices around and his interpretive gifts are remarkable.  That said, The Swing Sessions is a disappointment. With the exception of the original cast album for Shout! and a few CD singles, we have not heard from Campbell for about four years.  Campbell's first two solo albums: Yesterday is now and Taking the wheel are so enjoyable -- an eclectic mixture of pop, rock, cabaret and Broadway.  Campbell's singing on these two albums is remarkable -- his musical line is pure, phrasing impeccable and his sweet, melifluous voice rings clear.  It is the sound of a musician -- Campbell's voice is at the service of the music.  In The Swing Sessions, Campbell seems to be working too hard at styling these songs rather than just singing them.  Sighs, smirks, shouts, rasping, growls, words repeated over and over and the whole repertoire of ugly little sounds that bad popular singers resort to abound.  With such a beautiful voice and interpretive gifts at his disposal, one wonders why Campbell thinks he has to sound like someone else to make these songs work?		The pieces on Swing Sessions are mostly standards and arguably, the best thing here is Jobim's Waters of March -- mainly because the fast Latin beat does not allow Campbell to degenerate into false, plastic sounds.  After the Jobim, the more lyrical pieces: All the way, Beyong the sea and Call me irresponsible, come off best.  Swing Sessions is a slick production, but one that I feel is not quite honest.  Campbell may have been "born to sing these songs", but for the most part, I don't feel that Campbell is singing them -- someone dressed up like Frank Sinatra or Bobby Darin is singing them.  The sound quality of the disc is first rate and I enjoyed the "retro" pics of Campbell, but I cannot in good faith recommend this disc.  David Campbell fans are legion (and I am one), but most of us would like to hear the David Campbell we all grew to love.  Campbell already has a "style" -- he certainly does not have to adopt another one!
1,I realized when the only two songs out of 23 from this album I had on my IPOD were Prophecy & Nostradamus that I had missed something.  I relistened to the whole album and the two stars I give it now represent the two great songs on this album and thats being generous.  I have been a Priest fan for 15 years I have all their albums, listen to all their meterial all the time including the Ripper Owen's era and I loved Angel Of Retrobution.  This album truly falls short and makes no sense.  This is actually hard to type as Priest are my fav. metal band and this is my first ever negitive review of their work. Priest needs to come back with something solid after this, this is just an insult to their metal godleyness.  This album was a waste of studio time, Halford's vox are excellent espessially on Prophecy and Nostradamus tracks but are wasted on bad lyrics.  Come on Priest, give us the Screaming Heavy Metal we crave!
1,As someone who has seen Dylan many, many times (and who is about to see he once again with Elvis Costello) , who owns many, many albums - legitimate and boots - let me say that there is absolutely no need for this set. The songs range from the obligatory to the mundane, some absolute necessities from the  past 10 years have been left off, and the overall selection - based in part, from feedback at Columbia's official bobdylan.com site are haphazard to say the least.		Save your money.  If you're new to Dylan, by Highway 61 Revisted, Blonde on Blonde, Blood on the Tracks, Greatest Hits 3, and Time Out Of Mind - you can probably pick all of them up used on amazon for close to the price of this set.		There are such treasures in the vault - such historic, meaningful, musical live performances available for Columbia to issue a true career summation - this is simply a travesty.		Let's hope that Columbia issues another set in the "Offical Bootleg Series" from the vastly underated "Gospel Years" , or the touring years of the Dylan renaissance in the late 90s. Until then save your money.
1,Not the sound you hear on the radio.  The group redid their songs,  Boo
1,I'm probably a minority among RIck's fans: I don't think RIck's debut album is his best and I don't like it too much. But when I saw this Blu-ray on sale, I told myself I should try again.	HD Master Audio, surround sound, orchestral arrangement by Rick - wow, it must be something special!	Well, not exactly.	The HD Master Audio sounds dull, like Rick, his band and the orchestra are inside of the large cardboard box! Clarity and dynamic range are poor.	Surround sound? Yeah, baby, only when the audience make noise! Only then you can hear that your system has a pair of rear speakers.  Other than that, it's essentially 3.1.	On top of that, some older funny-looking guy that think he is funny and witty, come to the stage after every tune exclaiming "wasn't it fantastic?" and other things, and then proceed with reading something about each wife from papers he bring with him. It lasts 3-5 minutes every time. I hate it. It stops music flowing, and I don't care much about his jokes.	So, I'm disappointed.
1,I am a big prog nerd and a big Crimson fan. But the stuff here (one would be hard pressed to call it music) is an unending continuous racket that will induce nothing but a pounding headache in the listener within a very few minutes. Calling it "aimless noodling" would be unnecessarily kind. Avoid this at all costs, even if you are a fan of the recent Crimson. I can listen to Albert Ayler and Sun Ra at their most extreme, but this dreadful mess is totally irrelevant to any kind of "music" whatsoever. [...]I've been a Fripp/Crimson fan for many, many years and believe him to be an absolute genius, but this CD is totally unlistenable earsplitting racket.
1,what gives?  They remastered these in DSD but they don't have an SACD release of these?  Is Sony going Beta on us again?  It seems that if they went through the trouble of remastering them in DSD, they would also go through the trouble of recording them on SACD.  If they did, I would actually buy them.  Since they didn't, they can rot on the shelves for all I care.  Especially since I already own the Special Edition versions.  This soundtrack would be another perfect opportunity for Sony to showcase SACD, instead they decide to blow it.		BTW, the 1 star is for Sony being putzes and not for the music itself.  The music itself rates 10 stars.
1,although i agree substancally, everything said abut this band is true- But the DVD-A, I got better sound on my other best of mountian cds. I Guess if theres some rare song here it might be worth it- otherwise just buy a used copy of one of thier best cds because as far as superiour sound- Theres nothing to hear here folks.
1,I originally was attracted to Bebel Giberto because of her voice & the main reason beacause of the track "August Day"(THE KING BRITT REMIX). If you haven't heard it, its banana's(I love it). I can't say that Bebel is my favorite artist but I do enjoy some of her songs. The rest of her songs put me to sleep,but someone must enjoy them beacause she has 4 freakin album thus far. If she had more songs like August Day Song & Aganju',she would have a big fan in me.
1,Deadmau5 s music has slowly gone downhill. its pretty slow music not what you expect from EDM , I guess other DJs  have to remix the tracks. I think this is his first release under Astralwerks. Its a bland piano driven effort , I don't think I'll be buying any more of Deadmau5. If I wanted piano music..i would..
1,Motley Crue has been very fortunate to have four incredible albums to their credit!	Like Metallica the downfall started with experimental/pop producer, Bob Rock. My least favorite Album but these guys, (who are my heroes) is "Dr. Feelgood" a pop album that won them alot of younger fans that were to young for their early material. This album, I'll be honest and to the point is an attempt, with the exception of the tidal track an attempt at remaking the John Corabi self titled and forgotten album in the 90's with Vince! It's an alternative album! Dark with very slow guitars. On the guitar work, Hey Nikki, I love Mick but he needs a young stud to inspire him and help him out. The addition of a younger hot shot player would have made this album faster, that's for sure and invigorate the Crue! Anyway they are not done yet and with classic albums like; Theater of pain and shout at the devil, they may not be done yet. Long live the Crue, with a new guitar player to help the Mickster!
1,THis was the ending of ACCEPT first streak of albuns featuring awful Dirkschneider on vocals. Up until "BALLS TO THE WALL", the band survived through the sheer quality o their heavy rock, of Hoffmann's melodic guitar solos, Kaufamann and Bates steady rhythm section ( drums and bass ) and intelligent and simple lyrics. But, with "METAL HEART", ACCEPT made it clear that they were changing...for the worse ! In "RUSSIAN ROULETTE", the transformation was complete: rom a innovative and strong German act to a ridiculou bubblegum glam band trying to win the United States by selling out. Obviously, their effort backfired.
1,Marin Alsop's Brahms Symphony No. 1 starts off promisingly.  There is much strength in the opening bars. But it is lost with tempi slackening and speeding-up too predictably through the first movement.  The second movement is deeply probing; nothing to quibble about, there.  The short third movement is all too easy to ignore, in between the slow second movement and what's to come (a disadvantage for those who know the work and are anticipating the finale) and I found myself doing just that.  There was simply nothing to mentally grasp ahold of.  Then when the dramatic last movement comes, it's a letdown.  Whatever excitement appears is quickly lost, dissipated, and has to be built up all over again.  Klemperer, fifty years ago, got it right from beginning to end, and others have come close to matching his power and tension overall.  But Alsop doesn't.  My copy is winding up in the car, to be played as background, while Klemperer gets the nod at home when I want to EXPERIENCE a great Brahms First.		The Tragic and Academic Festival Overtures make useful fillers and the readings given them are characteristic of their opposite personalities.		The recording engineers did mostly hold up their end of the bargain. Sound quality is excellent except for a very bad edit in the finale, leaving a fraction of a second gap in the music at 13:23 into the last movement of the Brahms First in my CD copy...but hopefully Naxos has fixed it and remastered the disc by now; or maybe it does not appear in the other formats (SACD and DVD in addition to CD).
1,Kidz Bop 9 debuted at #2 on the Billboard 200 in its first week. How!? I thought everyone was sick of it by now! Some of these lyrics really aren't for kids; as other reviewers have pointed out, young kids like these shouldn't be singing about stealing boyfriends (!). They certainly know how to ruin some good songs, strictly speaking "We Belong Together" and "Feel Good Inc." The worst of the lot is Kelly Clarkson's "Behind These Hazel Eyes," a great song totally ruined by whiney kids' voices.
1,The music critics that hail Serj Tankian as a great thinker and poet must have a brain about the size of a peanut.  This is supposed to be poetic and socially-conscious?  Well, sure the system isn't perfect, but if they hate it so much, they are more than free to go back to whatever third-world pit they came from.  All they're doing is making absolutely awful "music" with no orchestration, minimal talent, and stupid lyrics.  Okay, so there are three or four songs that are listenable.  The rest is just noise.  Nothing more, nothing that a fifth-grader couldn't do.  This is the epitome of why nu-metal is a gargantuan load of defecation.  It's music by drug fiends, for drug fiends, in a similar vein as rap is.  The American music industry is all too willing to shove garbage like this down people's throats, but they never give any kind of attention to talented bands, even American artists like Iced Earth.  No, we have to listen to three idiots yelling and screaming over shambled noise about why they hate the government and why their lives are a waste.  And there are people out there who find this to be good music.  That's what I call closed-mindedness and poor taste.  I'm all for people's choice in music, but I honestly don't understand what one can find entertaining about this horse dung.
1,I understand why people still salivate over this record. If you like Thom Yorke sounding like a dog begging for a walk, Johnny Greenwood  playing guitar in boxing gloves, lyrics that I thought were deep until I read some poetry  (Brodsky,T.S Elliot, whatever) - you'll consider this the best record ever made/blablabla but ,seriously, EVEN SOME OF YOU eventually will get tired of it.	Me,I've just about had enough of Radiohead.	I never once regretted selling my copy of OK Computer.
1,Not  worth  the  5  bucks!!!!!
1,Skylarkin' was a disappointing album from Grover Washington, Jr.  It features nothing of note except for the slick "Snake Eyes".  "Easy Loving You" might be his worst song.  It grates on you with a piercing whistle sound throughout.
1,brook benton was one of the very best, I was very disappointed  in the  quality of the sound I could have done better if i just listened to cassettes pass on this one.
1,This is a huge disappointment from the bands other albums! No song stand out and the album is filled with slow songs with less than impressive lyrics. I had great hopes, bun not this one......
1,I am very disappointed in the restoration.
1,I was appalled to find out that, despite including 86 songs in this 4-disc collection, it excludes more than 30 of Mathis' charted hits, including dozens that made the Top 40.		Given that he only had 19 Top 40 hits (plus another 33 that made the Top 100), it's appalling that a career-spanning collection like this could leave so much out.  To me, for a collection like this, you start with all the A-side hit singles, then add some interesting album tracks, some favorites by the artist, and then sprinkle in some rarities and live performances. And preferably remix the stuff for stereo, when formerly only mono tracks have been released, and the master tapes are available. But to omit nearly 3 dozen charted singles (many of them Top 40 hits) is unforgiveable.		You gotta wonder who's running the show at Legacy to screw something up like this.
1,I only bought this because i wanted to hear Derick Plourde on drums. this is the last cd he recorded on. He only plays on maybe 5 songs. His stuff with Lagwagon is the best!!
1,I love Annie Lennox.  I loved her in the Eurythmics as well as in her solo career.  However.......this album to me is just bad, bad choices of material.  Each song is the same tempo, the same mood and the same emotion.  It is slow paced.  One song after another, which are so similar that there is no need to put silent spaces between each song.  The entire album is solemn, sad, depressing and it didn't have to be so.  There are certainly enough 'standards' that something up-tempo could have been substituted to break the morose over-all feeling of this album.  I am disappointed because I always wait in anticipation of a new release by Ms. Lennox but this one caught me off guard.  If you find yourself sad and depressed and you want to feel lower, then this is your CD.  I am sorry to say it, but I regret buying this CD.
1,The Rolling Stones didn't really publicize exactly what would be on this album in the weeks leading up to it's release.  There's a clear reason for that.  This aging band has released about 300 greatest hits albums over the years.  They've also released about 400 live albums.  How many times are fans supposed to buy the SAME SONGS??  I'm a huge Stones fan, and have been since 1970, but I am very disappointed in Grrr.  We're expected to buy 'Start Me Up' -- yet again?  In addition, numerous songs on this collection are EDITED (shortened), which means you're not getting the whole song.  All in all, an album filled with Crrrap we've heard for as many as 50 years.
1,energetic, yes.  this is good.  but smash mouth gets annoyingly happy to me.  of all of the songs on this album (and trust me, my little brother insists on playing all of them above my music), not one of them is  depressing, or emotional.  so that special journey that many artists can  take you on is all but non-existant.  Not to mention 'All Star' started to  get on my nerves the 3rd time i heard it...
1,I'm sorry but I bought this cd because someone said ON had been influenced by Gary Numan. After the failure of Failure, (ahem), I thought it would be an interesting new direction for Ken Andrews to try. But what I got was basically some pretty annoying pop music at best. "If I get to feel you", sounds like Ken has been studying the song writing of Brittany Spear's producers. I tried to listen to it numerous times but could not find any reason to keep it. Even the instrumentation was overdone and too busy on most tracks. He really "should" have listened to the strengths of Gary Numan, because sometimes less is more.
1,Robert le Diable is a rare opera, but nevertheless there are a few different recordings in the catalog to choose from.		One criterion in selection is whether it contains a libretto, since so many current opera recordings don't include one.  And the libretto for an 'unusual' opera can be extremely hard to find otherwise.		So the fact that this one happily proclaims, 'LIBRETTO DOWNLOADABLE AT [website name given]' does play a HUGE factor in selecting this recording.		WARNING:  it is a con job to achieve exactly that result.		First of all, the website name they give doesn't exist.  But I don't mind that.  A little googling can locate the libretto and it is obviously for this item because it is for Brilliant Opera Collection with these artists.  The problem is, it's all in French.  No English translation.  Now, it's a very long opera, comparable to Wagner's Siegfried.  And that much text in French alone ... well, it's completely unrealistic for I would estimate 99% of opera listeners in the U.S.		And is it unreasonable to fail to mention it is in French only?  I say yes, it is unreasonable, for an English-language label in an English-language market.		But ... they are covered.  They are covered.  After all, they only promised "Libretto available for download".  They didn't promise "English translation".  So, they are covered, they have your money, and you are screwed.		Well, I still do have Amazon Comments, so I can warn anyone who would like to know.		Addendum:  the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Dynamic/dp/B000059TBU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Dynamic</a>&nbsp;CD set DOES include the French libretto and English translation.  I haven't yet seen if it matches the Brilliant CD.  Any opera this long is bound to be cut here and there and can't expect the librettos to match exactly.
1,Picture youself as a rapper.  You are the CEO of a record company and the President of the same company.  You have access to Kanye West, Just Blaze, and just about every producer in the world.  You have a huge budget.  You decide to drop another album....so, you go out and employ the best of the best producers and dope special guests.  But wait! What does Jay Z do?  He gets P-Diddy to practically produce the whole album.  he also goes thru his lyrics like he was tired or bored.  Now, I am not knocking the production on this whole CD.  Some of it was actually okay.  But, it must be because of the fact we are use to Jay Z dropping club/radio hits and nice street anthems with dope beats.  I don't get it.  If Jay Z has all the connections in the world, why did this cd came out the way it did? Why did P Diddy produce most of the tracks?  Why does Jay sound like he rushed this project and came off as lazy in some of the tracks?  The lyrics here on the album were above average - of course. But the whole thing bored me  after the first song.  then it just got repetitve.  boring.  Come on, people.  I know a lot of you are hard core Jay Z fans, but understand when your favorite artist flops.  well, not neccessarily flop.  just did not amaze me nor held my attention longer than 4 minutes.  I can see that the Jay Z groupies rushed to play the role of "Captain Save a Rapper" and give him 5 stars.  Come on.  Listen to the Cd and tell me that the Roc Boys is the only song you can tolerate. Snooze fest.  His lyrics- not the flow, save this from being a NO star rating.
1,I have to admit, when I saw the album cover for "Moodring" it got my attention, and I really wanted to hear it because if it looks good, it must sound good, right?  Wrong!  Thank God I heard it in a friend's car before I bought this crap!  I saved $11 to spend on something else!  The production is terrible, the lyrics are all about you know what, and Mya shows us that she can't sing for anything.  Don't judge a book by it's cover, it's what's on the inside that counts!
1,Its seldom the I obtain an Album or CD and toss it in the Goodwill Bin. Of course this is my loss and someone else's gain, but every song on this album sounded the same to me. As I said in the title I've heard better on America's Got Talent. If your into teeny bopper Gurley groups then this might be your cup of tea, or if your under 14 years old you might enjoy it, but your money is well spent somewhere else, like the bargain bin at Goodwill, 1 Star
1,i don't know what to write really....i love E. Badu. ive been a fan since '97. i love her originality, i love the love that she has for the seventies era...that's me all the way. im an early 70's baby and im cut from the same exact cloth...i dig, recognize, and acknowledge with all love her flow. she implements her respect for the greatest artists of our time and before our time in her music and videos. Honey is the highlight here. the video is beautiful. i even dig the beginning of the album w/the old school blaxploitation movie trailer voice and the music that was jammin after that. but....that's it man. im tired of the deepness being too deep that you can't even swim back up to shore to take a breather man. i know what she is implementing on this album - and i dig it.....but enough is enough and too much is just too d*** much. it's unneccessary. you can make your point as far as what you believe in without all this stuff.
1,This is a very sacrilegious album - I had no idea until I actually listened to all of it. If you are a christian steer completely away from this album. I listen to secular as well as Christian music, but this open rejection of the messages of the cross are anathema and hurtful to those on a spiritual journey - this is not a "small thing." I would state "forgive them for they know not what they do," but I think that they know exactly what they are doing, who they are openly rejecting and are actually in league with.
1,I'm not really feeling this album. After all these years they come back it doesnt really sound like their lyirc writing skills have improved. I think they focused on just sounding the same. ONYX should have stepped there game up lyrically. They focused too much on being what was instead being what is.
1,For a band self-styled on being contrarian, this collection reveals Pearl Jam as safe and middle-of-the-road.  Disc 1 ("Up") contains more rocking fare, including the requisite anthems from "Ten," as well as "hits" from the band's increasingly anti-commercial output afterwards.  Quirkier moments like "Do the Evolution" stand out amongst largely generic blues-based rock.  Disc 2 ("Down") contains more pensive material, and is downright miserable, skirting perilously close to Hootie and the Blowfish.  Blatant ripoffs of Neil Young ("Not for You") and Led Zeppelin ("Given to Fly") also detract.
1,Its my guess that this lame collection of slavish covers with almost lip-sync accuracy was meant to pay tribute, but does little to advance the banner of creativity held high by the originators. As the included tune (yet, unfortunately, equally LAME in its rendition) "THE IN  CROWD" espouses, "other guys imitate us, but the original is  still the greatest!"	Sadly, all but 2 of the 20  "interpretations" fail to diverge from nearly IDENTICAL  instrumentation, arrangement, and lead vocalist aping the lyric-spitting,  vibrato-viscious Mr. Ferry; yet, somehow, without the KOHONAS of the  originals. Is this tribute? Does this add anything to the adventurous  musical legacy that once was ROXY MUSIC? I think not. I doubt any of the  Roxy regulars would be terribly impressed, nor was I.	It was amusing to  hear the techno-disco version of "Virginia Plain" by Johnny Bic  & Slamm (kinda "spin-me-right-round, like a record..."  Dead-Or-Alive) At least it was a re-interpretation... and the Crazy World  of Arthur Brown did a mean version of Bob Dylan's "A Hard Rain's Gonna  Fall," but its a bit of a stretch claiming the track is a tribute to  Roxy Music (it was only ever released by Bryan Ferry as a solo  cover...) Two stars for nice  idea, but save your money for a better effort...
1,Toro: (laughing) hey Pancho, Lindsay Lohan is the biggest cucaracha I have ever seen. Pancho: (lauging) Si Toro, that el gato stunk as an actress and stinks even worse as a singer. Toro: Are we supposed to feel remorse for her after she sang Confessions of a Broken Heart, us frogs don't. Pancho: Also, hearing her covers of Edge of 17 from the legend Stevie Nicks and I Want You To Want Me from Cheap Trick are as bad as being chased by the tall skinny chicken. Toro and Pancho say don't be stupido and avoid this tramp. BAMINOS PRONTO!
1,I must say that I was incredibly disappointed in this record. I feel like Dave Mustaine got in the mood to make another radio-friendly album like he did in the 90s. I get a "Youthansia" feel with this album just not as good. The lyrics are weird, and just trying to be something they aren't. But at the same time I guess what do you expect? Megadeth has released several good albums over the past few years and eventually your winning streak stops. I'm positive they can come back from this. Just avoid this record and pretend it didn't happen.
1,This is it!!! The most boring band in history. Led Zeppelin...		I hate this band. They are just as bad as Pink Floyd,and The Beatles and never made anything decent. They are overrated, stupid, lousy, and lame. This album only has 1 good song in Stairway to Heaven. Rest of the other songs are really, really bad. Metallica and Dire Straits are much better than this, avoid this and go with the bands I mentioned who are actully great and enjoyable and avoid all albums from LED ZEPPELIN who suck.		Don't read the previous 5 star reviewer, LED ZEPPELIN ARE LEGENDS. He can go straight back to hell or heaven.
1,Not my cup of tea but also the recording was not good as the levels varied to almost unhearable.
1,Note: Bought CD from Amazon.com in 2002/03.		The Temptations are one of my favorite Motown groups. Evolving, they remained outstanding but "All I Need" (followed by "You're My Everything") remained one of my favorite songs of all time!	CD: Why on earth is it in MONO?! Many/most	tracks were recorded in stereo. MONO presentations were very good with surprising timbre, but stereo remains more dynamic, exciting, involving to listener.
1,IF U LIKE... This...i know he was some kinda genius but i never can get what  the message is of most songs or pieces. It is certainly out there & wacky. Largly considered an innovative genius alt- rock movie.
1,I understand there can be licensing problems with CD's.  Since 61 songs  got licensed for the movie rights......what about CD rights?  This has been  a frustration for me and many for years.  You watch a great movie......hear  a wonderful soundtrack.......go to buy it and find only a minimum of tunes  that were actually in the film.  I want the whole thing.  Oh I know...too  many tunes means double CD = Not Cost Effective.  I'm tired of hearing  excuses for incomplete soundtracks.
1,Been a Jonny fan since his first couple of albums.  And it's certainly good/interesting when an artist stretches boundaries and changes it up (been following Bowie since the 70's and he's gone off on tangent or two...) but this is just...blah.		Apparently, someone has told Jonny the way to fame is giving up his blues/rock/soul roots and become a middle of the road falsetto-slinging pop/R&B singer with a dose of gospel (and he keeps writing songs that reference fame & fortune etc).  Which he can do.  In his sleep.		But it ain't that great.		But it's not a great fit.  The guitar is almost absent.  And I found myself actually skipping over songs rather than listen.  Feels like outtakes from his last couple of albums.		My family & I once waited over 4 hours to get into one of Jonny's shows in our area.  We're faithful fans, but if this is where he's heading, we won't be following.		Time for Jonny to get back to the blues, "shut up and play his guitar."		Sorry brother, lost us with this one.
1,Hmmm. . .for a Wings greatest hits CD, this is a pretty good Paul McCartney best-of.  It amazes me that they can anthologize this group and sell so short the contributions of Denny Laine, who any fan will know was the heart, soul, and muscles of Wings.	"Let Em In"?  "Live and Let Die"?  "Band on the Run"?  I can live with these, definitely.  But where are "Children Children"?  "Time to Hide"?  "Again and Again and Again"?  Unjustly shelved, that's where they are. Making a Wings best of without Denny is akin to making a Beatles best of without John.  You just don't do it.  As a result, Wings will now continue to be seen mainly as a vehicle for Paul McCartney, when that simply isn't true.  Wings was a band.  A team.  A unit.	Now if you'll forgive me, I'm going to go listen to my own self-made version of Wingspan - the DENNY-FIED version!
1,YES I GIVE IT ONE STAR.		DID YOU KNOW JOHN LYDON HAD TO USE HIS NAME WHEN HE LEFT THE SEX PISTOLS?	DID YOU KNOW SID VICIOUS WAS A USELESS JUNKIE?		I SAW THIS AS A MIDNIGHT MOVIE. I WAS INTO PINK FLOYD.		THIS FILM CHANGED MY VISION OF THE FUTURE.		1989 OKAY!
1,i only like two songs on this 1
1,I'll keep this short: Musically, each of these albums casts a formidable shadow. From the whimsical, pioneering "Piper at the Gates of Dawn" to the massive production of "The Wall," Floyd set trends with every LP. But this is a review of the sonics, so I'll keep it at that.		From an audiophile's standpoint, there's VERY little difference between the 1992 masters used in the "Shine On" box and these 2011 remasters. In fact, I couldn't discern much difference. The 2011s were arguably mastered at a lower volume, but the 1992s were just as dynamic and detailed. This is really a sad marketing campaign, because EMI is making all sorts of claims--their Guthrie original master tapes, yada, yada, yada--but the truth is that their "wonder masters" are barely different from discs (mastered by guru Doug Sax) that came out 19 years ago!		This is not to suggest that these 2011 remasters sound bad--they certainly don't--but then again, they SHOULD sound considerably better than what came before, given all the hype, but they just do not. Considering record company marketing, I'm not at all surprised that these remasters don't sound markedly better than their older counterparts. Another attempt to get uneducated consumers to buy something they've already bought five times before.		Me, I'm sticking on to my Japanese mini-LPs, which use the '92 masters. They sound great, and there's really no reason to "upgrade" to the 2011s.
1,Ashanti is loved by the young audiences. WHY? simply because she is beautiful, she is pretty, and she is gorgeous. Unfortunatly, they forgot about talent. Ashanti carries no ability to prove she can be around for years to come.		Every Ashanti album thus far has a good single but a terrible album and the same goes for "concrete rose". "Only U" was probably the best pick possible for a first single off this album. It is catchy and on the edge of a rock style. But where are the vocals? When will Ashanti prove she can sing?		She is a lost hope. People wanted to believe she was worthy of her grammy. People wanted to believe she deserved the millions in sales. But there is no diva here. not even in training.		**didnt mean to sound so mean, but let the people with talent shine in this industry please.
1,I SO LOVE JILL SCOTT BUT CD I DID NOT ENJOY AT ALL. IT'S ALWAYS GOOD TO HEAR SOME NEW WORK. BUT THIS GIG IS NOT GOOD AT ALL...PEACE, MADINAH
1,Adele sucks!  This is just my opinion on the the decline of music!  If I never hear her music again, it would be a relief.
1,This SOUNDS like MAYBE it was a lot of fun to DO for Sammy and those involved -- but it's just a semblance of meaningless songs, a reason to jam, and a way to have a paycheck this fall. Like a great actor in a bad movie (see World War Z) it's called "phoning it in"..		If Sammy REALLY wants to be productive and give his fans some "new" music, he should dust off his old catalog and get Chickenfoot in the studio to re-record some old tunes with up to date production. Songs like Growing Pains, Trans Am, and Red would sound great with a new coat of paint..		It would be better than this set of shallow "fun tunes". Ramblin Man? Seriously? Ugh. All bark no bite.
1,The soundtrack recording of South Pacific is very misleading, upon hearing it initially, one might think the film was marvelous! Wrong!! The film is an abomination, boring, over long and uninvolving. Joshua Logan should have been drummed out of Hollywood for what he did to R&H's masterpiece. The cinematography, using different colored filters for the musical numbers is senseless and downright annoying as hell. This should have been one of the most visually stunning films ever made and it is not. And the pacing of the performances is dreadful. The pregnant pauses in the dialogue are ridiculous. Mitzi Gaynor does inject some life into the film, she was perfectly cast as Nellie, but it's not enough. The film plods along at a snails pace.	But the soundtrack recording is beautiful, doing justice to the fantastic score. Listen and enjoy, but don't be mislead and think it's a wonderful film, it is not. Get the DVD to the Carnegie Hall concert with Reba MacIntyre, it is far more effective and involving than the movie.
1,I like a few of the songs, but...really?  A record deal?  I would not reccommend buying this unless you really know what you are doing.  Not worth the money to buy it new.  Maybe not even used.  His songs are pretty good but the guy can't really sing.  Ray, stick to songwriting.  You will do well selling your songs to singers.
1,I really don't agree that this  lp/cd  rates with tha reo classics we know, REO COW,REO II ,LOST IN DREAM , RIDIN,TUNA and some of nine or hifi . But it is the last release of any merit of the 80-90 's.	Just remeber that  reo had a classic 70's sound that was the  best of the band .		LATER
1,Eric Church from now I don't think I will get Eric Church music from you, I had received two that said untitled. Why should I send it back? I wanted the songs, you used to go to the Music section and put the songs on my computer with a picture and titles of song.
1,Wow, this is really dull music!  I thought Radiohead was dull, but this makes Radiohead sound like Iron Maiden!  I can't imagine how anyone can even listen to this, it sounds like Dave Matthews on Codine.  I strongly caution anyone who operates heavy machinery to not listen to this album, it could be dangerous.  Don't listen to it while driving either.  {a few lines of "Yellow" pop to mind; dozes off and hits keyboard face first}rekhtdhykrehjdkflhdfh...huh?  Okay, I'm awake now.  Do  not buy this album, it is beyond mind-numbing.  The only practical use for it is for insomniacs who need help sleeping, and don't want to take pills.  This should get you sleeping soundly.
1,Total money grab!!!  Have to agree that this is the greediest band of all time in the world!!!  What a waste!!  If you want all of this (and a little more) just get the albums!!  There are plenty of good songs here and plenty of garbage too.  If you want all of their good songs just get the 2-CD Very Best Of.  There are no rarities here of any value -- just shows they put anything of any value on each album. Unlike Dylan or Springsteen who have tons of great unreleased material, the Eagles released everything they ever had of any value.  This is a total JOKE -- AVOID!!!!!
1,Elena Obraztsova's voice ruins this A.L. for me... Heard once and forgot about it.
1,u2 is kind of annoying to me, but this album is one i had when i was younger so i bought it used.  i listen to it occasionally and like the song "one"
1,I was looking forward to this album, but again it seems there is no revelation or surprise. This Album is more like finding a piece of a missing sock in the dryer. At this point leave Jimi alone and move on.
1,His other CD was much better....it was a peferct mixture of love and harmony....this new stuff is a perfect mixture of Jhon Legand being bored with his own music....I mean this album is just a guy trying to get a paycheck. Nothing wrong with wanting to eat, but GAWD don't kill your core audience in the process. He didn't give us anything to work with. I mean JEZZ you can tell especially on track number 3# he is totally faking it man. What happened to ya JHON!??! This whole record is a unispired peice of trash that I am sick and tired of people bumping. Jhon I love ya, but next time bring us back something good.
1,I liked the single Baby but the whole cd is not good at all. It's one of those cds that by the end of the song you already forgot about it. This album could've been better than this. Don't get me wrong he does have potential so hopefully his next album, if there is even one, will be better maybe once he gets a little older.
1,This album is gross.	Produced by lapdog j welton	It's full of outdated EDM sounds.	One star for the song June.	Else a fail.i am close to giving up	On Prince.come on..
1,Comparing Joss Stone to Aretha Franklin is like comparing Willie Nelson to Pavarotti...I mean please, they aren't even in the same neighborhood. Don't get me wrong, I'm no opera fan and Willie gets two enthusiastic thumbs up any day of the week from me...Joss on the other hand...not! While Joss has that throaty thing going for her, it wears thin very quickly to my ears. I want to like her albums, I just can't. She's a hit or miss artist to me and this album follows the pattern very well. The theme has already been done before and a whole lot better by Alanis Morissette and her Jagged Little Pill. I can't help but feeling the world is better off without this effort...but I am anxious to hear what Joss adds to Mick Jagger in the near future. Hopefully it will indeed be Super Heavy.
1,I eagerly bought this CD wanting to get a good compilation of Stones Music. I popped it in my car as soon as I got it. At first I thought it was my car stereo, but my home stereo and computer got the same results. Something is just WRONG with these recordings. I mean WRONG! For one thing, the vocal track on each song sounds reduced in volume, so sometimes you can't even hear Mick. Another thing is some of the songs have an audible fuzzy noise that sounds like your speakers are blown.		It just doesn't sound like the Rolling Stones I grew up with. I think that either there are bootlegs out there and I got one, or someone remastered these songs quite poorly.		If you got different results than I, please write a review. I hate this CD and won't play it again. I hope I just got ripped off for the Stones sake.
1,Ok to start, I just want to make clear that this is a fantastic album. The reason for the one star is to warn those planning to purchase the MP3 version that Track 3 -- "Only You Know and I Know" -- is NOT a live version. In fact, it is identical to the first track on the studio album "D & B Together." If you listen to a sample of both tracks, you'll recognize right away that they are the same.		Non-completists might not care about this, but to get the live version of "Only You Know and I Know," you'll have to buy a non-digital copy of this record.		FRUSTRATING. Especially considering that the catalog of this superb superb duo is EXTREMELY difficult to acquire. Motel Shot has not been re-released in the states. Neither has From Delaney To Bonnie. You would think that forty years on, the recording industry could figure out what Eric Clapton, Joe Cocker, George Harrison, and Dave Mason all knew at the time: Delaney and Bonnie is worth it!		But hey, they've done the same thing to Gene Clark's catalog, so maybe it is a strange kind of compliment.
1,I'll be short:  Production really sucks.  Common's flow and voice gets extremely boring after 1-2 songs.  Sounds like he is reading off a poem he wrote.  In one song, he tries to come off like a positive- peace loving rapper.  In the next song, he tries to "keep it real" by attempting to cuss, which sounds really funny cause he is not that type of dude.  relax, son.  Don't take this like I'm hating on Common.  I have purchase every one of his albums and this ranks as his second worst effort.  Producer NO ID is nothing special.  None of the beats were above average. This guy needs to retire.  Be honest and listen to it.  its a shame people with his talent and ability to get just about any producer- decided to drop something as horrible as this.  The song with Nas is actually nice.  but, could not save this project from failing.  Common, figure out what kind of rapper you wanna be and stick to it.  and change up your flow cause reading off a paper isn't doing it anymore.
1,I got this cd as a birthday gift and I have to say I'm so glad I didn't pay for it. It's a total disappointment, he rambles and screams to the point where it's not longer music but just chaotic noise!!	He recently said on the video show " 106 & park" that he would "beat" any  R & B  male singer that crossed his path.	Sisqo, sit down and shut up because you are no match for the likes of Gerald Levert, D'Angelo, Dave Hollister, or even new-comer Jaheim for that matter, and the list goes on and on.	Personally, I think we gave him too much credit with the first CD.  Now he's got a swelled head and thinks he can just throw anything on a CD and call it music!  HaHa!  What a joke!	Go back to Dru Hill!  You've lost your Midas touch!
1,if you like swinging rock with lots of riffs and hooks do not buy this cd / if you like garcia's voice do not buy this album / there is not one hook or riff on this cd that has you rockin and garcia's voice is barely recognizable / it is another hermano cd that is lacking in everything that is great on kyuss/slow burn/ unida cds / buy all of the kyuss cds and if you can find them / slow burn and unida / they are some of the greatest rock cds ever made/ the tradition does not go on with hermano
1,Pianist Timmons was only twenty-five when he recorded this album but he had already spent a year with Art Blakeys Jazz Messengers (I saw the group then!) and had had a spell in Cannonball Adderleys band, so he was hardly a newcomer to either recording or funk-oriented jazz when he recorded this, his debut album. His associates were two of the best rhythm people on the New York scene, bassist Sam Jones and drummer Jimmy Cobb. Jones and Timmons had shared space in the Adderley group for a short spell. In short, the potential for a great album was there. But it didn't happen.		The problem is Timmons. He had the funk thing down but his gospel-tinged playing is derivative and, surprisingly for such a muscular music, weak.	Lets start with playing style. Huge blocks of his solo work theme statements too-  rely on Milt Bucknerish parallel chords, right and left hands moving in unison across the chords. Its a style that influenced even Oscar Peterson and Bill Evans, but the closest analog to Timmons is Red Garland, who had left Miles Davis group two years before for a solo career. Both Timmons and Garland composed their solos out of block chord sequences alternating with single note lines over regularly stated accent chords.  But Garland was known for his touch. His hands moved lightly over the keyboard and when he was playing chords behind single note, he tended to lag the chords slightly, while the led line ran ahead, producing a decidedly agreeable dancing effect. Timmonss keyboard touch is noticeably heavier and his accent chords fall on the late side of the best, not the front side. The effect produces an illusion of funk, down dirty music. It may remind the listener of Horace Silvers riff-based, also funky playing but Silver was lighter on his feet and played more interesting solos than Timmons, to boot. On ballads, Timmonss style changes dramatically. Much like Bud Powell, he played tended to play ballads slowly, dramatically and floridly. But on both slow and up tunes, there is another failing in Timmonss playing: his keyboard articulation. Too frequently for my enjoyment, hes slightly off in his timing, both on fast runs and laying down strings of chords.	Three of the four originals on this album are by Timmons. The one, Moanin, is a deserved classic, but there are much better versions of it than presented here, most notably on Blakeys 1958 Paris album, which features much better solo work by Timmons himself the difference was probably Blakey, who was a master at getting results out of his front-line soloists. This Here and Dat Dere gained some playing time in those funk-loving times but neither is particularly memorable and Joy Ride is a respectable but notably memorable bop line with a very badly played solo (botched notes) by Timmons. Timmonss take on the ballads varies from slow s and pompous (Strayhorns Lush Life, Dukes Prelude to a Kiss, and a really bad rendition of My Funny Valentine, which has both slow sections and an up boppish section, none played all that well. Come Rain or Come Shine and The Partys Over both played at middle swing tempo, are better. The approach on them reminds me of Red Garland but Garland would have played them less aggressively and more melodically.		The icing on the cake is the sound. Whether originally released that way or botched in rerecording, the sound is close to disastrous. The piano comes across as tinny and distant, the bass thuds, and the drums too aren't crisp.		My recommendation? If you want to hear Timmons, don't buy this album. Get something where he was playing with Blakey. Youll get all the funk you want but itll have a more solid backing. Besides, its an excuse to hear Blakey in one of his most fertile periods as combo leader.
1,After a six month delay due to bootlegging and the lead single failure, Jagged Edge returns with their fifth self titled CD. The CD offers more of what JE fans have come to expect which isn't really saying a lot, considering the group has been in the game for ten years now. The production is the same of the majority of the CD and once again those damn twins handle most of the singing. While there are some standout tracks such as Seasons Change, Baby Feel Me and Hopefully, JE is going to need to come harder on CD number six to keep me as a fan.
1,For many years, Sweetheart Of The Rodeo by The Byrds has been considered to be the first country rock album to be released.  However, I disagree with this uneducated opinion even if I am in the minority.  This album was a country album from beginning to end.  A solid one, at that!  In my opinion, country rock is rock music with a touch of country influence.  If you want to hear the first country rock album, listen to Music From Big Pink by The Band!  Furthermore, If you want hear an even stronger example from that genre, listen to Nashville Skyline by Bob Dylan!  The other two artists who have even stronger country rock roots are CCR and The Eagles!  Is Sweethearts Of The Rodeo a country rock album?  I think not!
1,Li-aw forget it. It should be common sense to avoid this CD. For good rap-metal, buy Rage Against the Machine's self titled.		These guys need to go ahead and break up, since just about everybody hates them.
1,I agree with the reviewer who cited the poor quality of the digital transfer. The Proper Box label is generally lauded for their quality, so I would have thought they would do this right, but no. It's a shame because I also own a *lot* of CDs, most produced 10 years or more ago, that come very close to reproducing the 'warm' sound of the original vinyl. It can be done on CD -- and it used to be done on a regular basis in the 1980s and 1990s. I've have over a thousand vinyl LPs, but I still love a quality CD and will take a shiny laser disc over  vinyl any day *if* it is properly digitized and pressed. In recent years the music industry has become sloppy and choppy and the now-common producer-mandated ploy of over-compressing the digital audio has just made things worse. The same applies to most available mp3 downloads, of course. And they moan and wonder why "music sales are off over the last decade" while vinyl sales have increased by 300% since 1991. Here's a hint: Do it Right and They Will Buy.
1,Why? Why in the hell would ANYONE buy this type of stuff? Even to dance to. This album isn't good for anything. Why the hell would you buy it? Just... why? This... this isn't even crap... It's below that. This album doesn't even deserve a 1 star. I'm wondering what deaf ears are enjoying this... There is not one good thing I can say about this group. Overnight success is about the only thing... and I'm wondering just how in the hell that happened. This album, no, this group needs to be thrown in a junk pile. What happened to good music? ANYBODY CAN BE RICH IF YOU CAN PUT STUFF LIKE THIS OUT AND GET PAID OVER A QUARTER!!! I'm serious, if these cats can go platinum, Mentally ill children can too.
1,It's pretty good  at times, but just not as good as Jimi. I compare it to the original in my mind and it comes up short. Some songs can be done by other musicians and it adds some new dimension to the song. These are mostly in the style of Hendrix, just missing his intensity and virtuosity. After I listen to a few cuts from this I wanted to go get my Hendrix discs and listen to them.	 Maybe sometimes it's the singer, not the song.
1,Eluveitie is one of my favorite bands, but this album was a huge misstep. There are really only 2 decent tracks, and like the other reviewers said, it's more pop than metal. The band was trying to kind of do a 'back to roots' acoustic folk album but it ended up being long, boring and overproduced.
1,I love Mark Knopfler,especially his solo career stuff. However, this ones a bit boring at times, many songs sound the same,there are two cuts though that are some of his best works. Heart full of holes, and The fish and the bird" are both stunning in their own way.
1,so congradulations for the DAt machine not getting jammed on Saturday Night Live this time,but guess what? you still are wack. Ashlee can't sing.over-Produced&Quality Polish can't make you something that you aren't.the last Name sells&at the end of the day that is gonna be Her Trump card.but this album sounds like a karoke machine of Artists over the past decade.she has no Idenity as a Artist whatsoever. She is a good example of when a Label wants to spend Money to blow somebody up,but in terms of Creativity? forget about it.
1,This is just crap, starting on the simple fact that THEY CAN'T EVEN SING!!! have you ever listened to a most arranged voice? I think the producers just chose 4 "good looking" (they didn't to a good job) guys to show their teen faces and do nothing else...		This techno-crap mixing just makes your head explote, with those noisy and lousy baby voices!!!!!!		If you want to try something to kill yourself, just download one of this songs, don't buy this, even if you're about to die!!
1,It was delightful to hear, again one of my favorite soft rock groups from the early 1970s. Unfortunately, CD did not live up to expectations. Fidelity was OK, at best with a distant, reserved presentation. Timbre was better but bass almost nonexistent. Overall, recommended with reservation.	IMPORTANT: Jewel case all beat up. (not new) There were several cuts, one deep (on obverse), no identification (tape) along top border, disc almost slid out as I opened enclosure, and 'teeth' holding CD in place were broken off, into many pieces. (now, disc will not stay in place) Will follow-up.
1,I have waited for Montel to come back with a really strong album afer all he has been out of the game for a long time and he should have alot to say, but on this album he is not saying anything I want to hear. The songs are confusing to me. I just didn't get it.
1,As much as i love PJ Harvey's work , including the albums with Perish, well, this one is ...i don't know.	It's not about the change in her music , i love some tracks here , Grow grow, grow is my fav, but the fact that the whole album is based on one simple idea makes it boring after 4-5 tracks. It should have at least 2-3 songs in a different genre or tempo, but all the songs are piano- based in a very soft tempo, somehow...gothic pop ?	Like i said after the first 4 tracks i have to switch the play button on something else and continue at track 5 after 3-4 days.
1,Short Review. I'm not going to go in great lengths discussing how one of my favourite bands can put out drek like this. Two of my favourite punk/rock albums of all time (measuring up to 88 fingers and gorilla biscuits)are the first two from this said band, the raw and emotional "Reinventing Axl Rose" and the melodic "As the Eternal Cowboy". It's hard to imagine that after that last mentioned album Against Me! could put out at least one good sond on the album "White Croses		P.S. After watching "We Re Never Going Back" DVD when it came out a few years ao, Against Me! sent a message out that they would never conform to the what the record labels want from them, and do what they want to do. Regardless of what they said thet do, they've never been as creative or griping since then. The first two releases howevever are two of the best punk/something special albums you've heard. The third release had a few gems as well.		This record and the last one leaves me dumbfouded, and confused as how Against Me! could stray so far from the path they put forth as they did in the beginig. I still kling to the idea that they'll put out another master pieace, but after listening to this one and the last one, the future is bleek.
1,I don't know what the hoopla was all about; however, I didn't get to see the Broadway show. I thought they might have done something exciting with the piece, but it is very generic and old hat.
1,You know, when I first heard the "Beautiful Girls" song, I thought it was catchy... cool song.  Then I saw Kingston on the Today show and I thought "cool, maybe this kid will be then next Prince Buster."  Kid had a band, a double bass, and all the players were to the nines...		Man, was I wrong.  I've listened to most of this album.  I know a lot of people have pointed out that "Beautiful Girls" is a rip from "Stand by Me", and they're right... but the song's good enough that I can overlook that.  The rest of the album though... Rip off...
1,Nothing to add to the other reviews criticising the duplications, the omissions and the price, but just to add one observation: Just as the Byrds provided the sonic blueprint for the Springfield in the 60s, they (and with Sony) provided the model for how to do CD reissues:	(1) Take each of the original albums and remaster to the highest standard of sound	(2) Add lots of bonus tracks (singles, B-sides, outtakes and demos) from the appropriate period of the band's history	(3) Provide well-written and informative sleeve notes (4) Retain all original artwork and enhance with period photos, advertisements, posters, etc.	(5) Find a classic unreleased live performance and add as a separate new album	(6) Release (in chronological order) at mid-price	If Sony/Columbia/McGuinn can do it properly, I don't see why Rhino/Atco/Stills&Young can't.	The music is great, but as a box set this is a non-starter.
1,It is sad to see a talented band like simple plan being put to waste.  They have corny voice and a very repeative tune.  This album can get old really fast.  There are only two amazing song on this album and they are i'd do anything and addicted.		If i were you, i suggest download these two song, and don't even think of buying this album.		Yes, simple plan is nowhere near as good as good charlotte.  They don't have enough selection of song.  Each one of their is all the same.		I hope this help!		By the way, selected yes if you like simple plan or no if you don't like simple plan.
1,like so many Soundtracks over the past few years this is a Lost Art the Soundtrack.acts just throw songs on a Soundtrack&nothing really fits with the overall Vibe.this could&should have been cool but it's a waste.
1,Warning, warning!  These cuts are not the original from 1968.  A different lead singer, with sub standard guitar, organ and bass, compared to the original motherlode recording.
1,I usually like PJ. This is so forgettable, I have forgotten which tracks are which. I liked Ten, as it had the more memorable songs. But this? It's more filler, which has four good songs, the rest being forgettable. "Rearviewmirror" happens to be my favorite of the tracks on this album, giving it the credit. "Daugher" is one of the other good songs, and these two were the only ones good enough for that extra star. But they did prove me that they could do better. My one-star is saved for No Code, despite a cool album cover.	Back to Vs. this album is for hard-core PJ fans/grunge fans or people who like attention span music. Not that I don't listen to attention span music, but I just didn't like it. Look at the other reviews, you'll prolly agree with those.
1,whem it comes to fake studio gangsters, this guy can be used as a "fabulous" example.
1,Nothing new here - self-indulgent cynicism.  Have been a Steely Dan fan since 1971.  The cuts on this are akin to the excitement experienced with paint drying.  This is not the wry East Coast sound that I remember - and good god, enough with the tired soliloquies on ending affairs in some upscale dump in Manhattan.  So unhip. I feel so old and out of touch after hearing this. What shines (as it has in every thing this man touches) is Elliot Scheiner's mix.
1,In 1975, I bought this album as a ripe 14 year old, intrigued with such a cool cover, but it ended up being a grave disappointment and a miserable waste of money. However, I gave it another chance and bought it in 2018. Aside from the short acoustic intro to "Rock Bottom", the album continues to be poorly mixed and produced. Everyone agrees the writing is juvenile and the music is just repeated shuffles of old blues standards sped up, but to give this more than one star would be benevolently gracious, and even Stanley and Simmons agree with this. "Baby, baby, don't hesitate, cuz I just can't wait"..... Pretty much sums up this thin-sounding album, even 43 years later, and with all of the advances made in audio technology. The next four albums are quite a different story........
1,And if that's not enough return for your CD dollars, then pass this one by.		Some perspective:	The prediction of his future manager, Jon Landau ("I saw rock and roll future and its name is Bruce Springsteen") turned out to be extremely prescient. When I first heard Born to Run, I thought Landau was probably right. It was like nothing I could recall hearing before. The man we used to call "The Boss" has been responsible for some of the most exciting song themes, lyrics and records of the past (gasp!) three decades. Not now, though.		Well, so what?  Anybody who is still actively creating ANYTHING noteworthy more than thirty years after they begin--and managing to do it differently, as Springsteen still is--deserves all the labels, from "brilliant" and "amazing" to "unrivalled." Then, there are the concerts. One of my saddest regrets is that I never got to see him and the E Street band perform between 1980 and 1995. So, yeah, I'm a great fan.		But today, it is hard to imagine that Bruce Springsteen will be asked to compile another "The Essential Bruce Springsteen," the 2003 3-disc (should have been 4!) retrospective. Not when he puts out releases such as Wrecking Ball. Ten years on, the stuff of memorable songs (hit singles  and wonderful album tracks) just isn't there.		Wrecking Ball is, for the most part, just one big working-class wail; a celtic-styled rant-and-chant that reveals a paucity of the finely-honed lyricism we used to get, even (maybe especially,) when Bruce was in a troubled personal period. One sure sign: new levels of repetition, not even 4-line choruses, but just phrases, repeated over and over.  (Just two examples: This Depression's line, "I need your heart": 10 times. Wrecking Ball's "Bring On Your Wrecking Ball": 14 times.)  Concert favourite, Land of Hope and Dreams, reworks the "train" metaphor so often used by others, (most successfully perhaps, in Peace Train by the OJays) that it borders on clich. From Bruce Springsteen? Ouch!		One redeeming cut: Jack of All Trades. Great song, (Oh, that ominous final verse!) but sadly, this cut only serves to remind us of what has come before and could have been again.		Gimme Thunder Road, Held Up Without A Gun, Hungry Heart, I'm On Fire, State Trooper, and--yeah, any day--Dancing in the Dark. You got your favorites, I got mine, but nothing on Wrecking Ball will be added to my long list--and maybe not yours, either.
1,After WT dropped their growls and made 'Mother Earth', I thought this band had something going for them. But success always takes a toll. Please sample this album before wasting the time and money for so little return. Expect easy tunes, refrain repetition, synthesized voice, stupid lyrics, and the new pop culture look that goes with commercial sellouts.		I feel rather guilty for trusting WT to master their potential, and can only imagine their first ex-fans as saying, "Told ya so."
1,Let me say I have been listing to this band for over a decade.  When I heard they were getting back together I was thrilled. I even drove 5 hours to see them live.  It was by far the best show I have ever seen.  But since  the time they reformed with Michael Graves I've watched this band go  steadily down hill.  Like a lot of fans after I heard American Psycho, I  was saying "Glen Who?".  Since then though the band seems to be  moving into a different direction.  If you started listening to the Misfits  with the release of American Psycho, you probably will like the disc.  However if you were listing to Misfits before American Psycho was released,  you probably won't like this albumn.
1,I mean, wow! This really deserves a star as they actually managed to put SONGS on this cd! That must've been a really hard job for the compilers to do so, -phew-!!
1,So much better out there.  Especially of this particular "modern" style the editorial speaks of.  Try, for instance, Rachel Lampa, or Aurora.	Maybe I just don't like girl bands as much as I don't like boy bands (I prefer 1 person to sing pop and/or r&b instead of a group).	Technically thats what this is: a modern girlband.  Less hip/hop and more of a light bubblegum pop. A toned down , Christian "backstreet girls".	I don't like it, if this is your style - go for it.  (For some reason, Aurora makes the "group" work, if you like more than 1 singing at a time, try them.)
1,When "Bye,bye,bye" came out I thought it was a pretty good song and I must admit it got stuck in my head. How could it not? It's been played 15 billion times. But if I had to hear it once more I'd jump off a cliff. If people knew what the rest of the songs sound like on this CD it would not have sold as many units as it has. The rest of the songs are boring, bland, and they all sound the same. None of them have any emotional value. And it disappoints me that you never get to hear all of them sing solo. Is it because the rest of them can't sing? Probably. It's clear fame has gotten to their heads. I just saw them on Jay Leno tonight. They performed their new song "Pop." The only people who are going to like this song are the hard core fans who only like them because they are cute guys. I would like to ask all the female fans a question. Would you still scream at these guy's concerts if they were all fat and over 30 years old? If you can answer "yes" then you are a true fan. But I doubt there are many, if any, "yes" answers.
1,The Transformed Man is an ego trip of intergalactic dimensions, a pompous "concept album" containing Shatner's "dramatic readings" of song lyrics and passages from poems and classic plays, all set to bombastic music.  Cuts are sequenced in pairs, to reflect opposite perspectives on the same subject (and to demonstrate Shatner's dazzling thespian range).  The passage from "Cyrano" illustrating self-reliance is paired with Bob Dylan's "Mr. Tambourine Man", interpreted by Shatner as an anguished plea to his guru not to abandon him (MR. TAMBOURINE MAAAAAAN!!! he bellows, in the identical line reading he used for his famous riposte from Star Trek II: "KHAAAAAAN!!!").  Romeo's declaration of innocent love is tied to "How Insensitive", in which our Space Cowboy feels a twinge of guilt upon dumping his latest lover (knowing Captain Kirk, he'll rebound quickly).  The depressing "Spleen" is followed by the "super elation" of Shatner's infamous evisceration of "Lucy!...IN! The Sky!...WITH DIAMOOOONDS!!!!".  He sounds like Regis Philbin on LSD.  For all of Shatner's self-proclaimed versatility, every cut follows the same pattern: he begins in a groggy, halting delivery, as if he'd just swallowed a whole bottle of Nytol...then gradually works up a head of steam, until at last, he's howling his lines at a volume that could raise an echo on the moon.  While "Tambourine Man" and "Lucy" are unarguably two of the looniest records ever unleashed, the coveted Hubris Award goes to the duo "Hamlet"/"It Was a Very Good Year", in which Shatner pummels both the greatest soliloquy in the English language (Shakespeare's "To....be...Or! Not!...TO BEEE!") and a signature song of the greatest pop singer of the twentieth century, Frank Sinatra.  Even Jack Benny couldn't put this much Ham into Hamlet!  As for Sinatra: Shatner did Ol' Blue Eyes no permanent damage, but he might cause the listener to bust a gut.  It's just a shame he didn't also read Macbeth, since it would provide the perfect review of this album: "A poor player that struts and frets his hour upon the stage.  A tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing."
1,Start off By Saying, I'm A Fan of Tyketto. This Album is not The Best. I tell you Don't Come Easy is by far best TYKETTO Album, Get that one instead. Dig in Deep has got maybe one or 2 Songs you can sing along with. Not They Best work. Danny Vaughan is a Great Vocalist but the songs on this cd Just don't cut it for me. I expected more. (Sorry) Go Get Danny Vaughan's CD Traveller.
1,If this is the best D.J. Paul can do, then I guess T-Rock wasn't lying when he said Lil' Pat does all of the beats for Three 6 Mafia and Paul just takes credit for them.  Juicy's album was solid, but this isn't anywhere near what I expect from an HCP album.  It sounds like it was rushed; like Paul decided one day that he'd make a solo album to show off what a wonderful producer he is, and the result is horrific.  Out of 14 tracks, two or three are worth listening to.  Some of the stuff is old (i.e. "Where Is Da Bud Pt. II" and "D.J. Paul" - creative title, eh? ...).  Paul killed an already horrible beat when he gave "Twist It, Hit It, Lite It" (originally a T-Rock song) to Crunchy Black.	If this wasn't a Hypnotize album, I'd be more lenient, because 99.9% of other rap music is complete and utter garbage.  But HCP is (or at least was; now that T-Rock, Koopsta Knicca, Gangsta Boo, and The Kaze are gone and Lord Infamous hardly ever raps anymore, they're all but dead in the water) normally much better than other rap.  Save your $.
1,More like descending, the first two albums are the ones to get from this band. Third one is where to stop.
1,First off I like Bolton's early work in the late 70's to mid 80's. Bolton's first albums Blackjack 1979, Worlds Apart 1980, Michael Bolton 1983, and Everybody's Crazy 1985 were all pretty good melodic rockers, but this is the end. Soul provider is the beginning of a soul failure.		The only good songs on here are How can we be Lovers and You wouldn't know Love. These songs have a catchy chorus and rock somewhat. The rest of the album is garbage.		Why did you sell out Bolton? It's such a shame what could of been. If Bolton stayed on the melodic metal/rock path he would be a rocker still to this day and most likely a dam good one like he was in the early to mid 80's.		It's a cryin shame!
1,The piano playing by Beegie Adair brings all the music by Nat King Cole back to life. I would recommend this CD to anyone.
1,Because the first record sold so well, I wasn't expecting the second record (I'm not counting Reanimation) to be much different. Of course, Linkin Park wasn't going to change a winning formula. When I heard the first single, "Somewhere I belong", I knew I was right. This is sad and alright at the same time. It's sad because there wasn't much originality to begin with in Hybrid Theory (if you thought Linkin Park offered something new to the world, you probably just listen to radio music). At the same time, it's alright because, like it or not, this music is really catchy.	I'm not going to talk about all the songs here. If you heard any of their songs, you know what the others sound like. I'm just going to point out some of the similarities between the records. First, "Easier to run" sounds exactly like "Crawling". Same intro, same structure, similar chorus. Second, "Faint" tries to be the second "Papercut", but is not nearly as good. Finally, "Session" is so much like "Cure for the Itch" it's not even funny. I tried to find a difference but I couldn't.	With all that said, it may seems like I hate this record. I don't. But I hate the fact that I don't hate it. I want to dislike it, but it's so damn catchy I'll just have to listen to it until I get bored with it. Good thing is, it probably won't take long. Bad thing is, there's a good chance I'm going to be hearing a lot of this record in the coming months, whether it be from my friends or from the radio.
1,I'm really disappointed by this release. Third CDS by Alyson and the worst. But that's are Hex Hector last mixes from what i know.... where is he gone? Norty Cotto failed with this song in my opinion. The vocals just don't fit. Only 2 stars i'm sorry.
1,I was skeptical when I bought this CD, and my gut instincts were proven to be valid.  This album sucks.  The original BOOH is, in my humble opinion, one of the greatest albums of all times.  Also, I am a big Queen fan and think Brian May is perhaps the best guitarist of all times.  I also like Steve Vai.  As a teenager, I was a fan of Motley Crue (at least their first 3 albums) and was intrigued that Nikki Sixx co-wrote a song.		But it's all smoke and mirrors.  The only high point on this disappointing CD is Marion Raven's voice.  SHE can sing!  Everything else is over-prodouced, over-dramatic and under-performing.		Borrow a friend's copy of this CD before spending $14 for your own copy.  It'll be like renting a Hyundai (or some other crappy car) for the weekend before deciding to buy one.  You'll be glad you did.		This CD is crap I tell you... pure, unadulterated [...].
1,I have been a fan of Eric Clapton for decades.  But his recent releases have continued to go downhill.  When I saw the song list, I was prepared for the worst - and regretfully it came.  This is an all-time low for Clapton.  Is his next CD going to be some duets with Michael Buble.  My first reaction was "does his record contract require something to be released so he just threw something together".  It sounds like he's just going through the motions.  Well, I've made a decision today.  No more purchases of CD's, DVD's or tickets to concerts.  If Eric doesn't care about his fans, I'm moving on.  I'll try to remember him by playing CD's from Cream, Derek and the Dominos, and solo ones up until Journeyman.
1,I normally love Amy Grant but disliked this a lot!! Wish I had never purchased this item. Would not recommend
1,This album is a joke right? That band photo is a fraud and Tim & Eric are actually behind this, right? I can't think of any other excuse for this album to be as ludicrously bland as it is other than as an attempt to lampoon the neo-doom bands of late.		Me thinks Pallbearer are this year's Ghost; musically boring and critically overhyped. ITS LIKE OLD STUFF, BUT NEW; so listen to the old bands and quit paying attention to this watered down trash.
1,The picture and sound quality are very poor. If you don't like the picture quality of Highlander, then you should not buy this DVD. Another bad example of DVD quality.
1,This album is for you. The whining, wanna be sultry diva is a sure fire hit for anyone twelve and under. Maybe in another day I'll think about a future album from hr, but for now I think I'll let her discover boys and life a bit more.
1,Rap rock is total crap! Why would anyone find entertainment		in stuff like this? More proof of how misguided today's youth		is.
1,For the love of music, do yourself a favor and pass up on shelling out your dollars on Paris Hilton's self-titled album. A CD that has been in gestation for two years, "Paris" is a smoldering smorgasbord of embarrassing, gimmicky pop schlock that could not be more painful to listen to. Why is that? This chick has no talent.		Sure, some of the songs are mildly flirtatious and fun in the lyrical department, but even with an assortment of cream of the crop songwriters in the pop music scene Hilton cannot obscure the fact that she is nothing but a quick buck for a record company cashing in on her pointless fame. She can sing without her voice cracking, but she is definitely unworthy of even the D-list of pop vocalists, and her persona and style certainly don't boost her over the artistic threshold. She is to Gwen Stefani what Jessica Simpson is to Mariah Carey, only even worse; the poorest imitation.		The sole glimpse of talent on the record is on the egotistical "Fightin' Over Me," but only because Fat Joe and Jadakiss give it a much-needed facelift. Nevertheless, just like all the rest of the tracks, it is pure, unadulterated product. Hearing her whisper "that's hot" and namedropping hot shot producer Scott Storch under her breath at the beginning of the mind-numbing "Turn It Up" is even less of a pleasure.		Some of the beats on "Screwed" create a cool cadence, but no one has ever sounded less like they knew what they were singing about. Also, "Stars Are Blind"? "Stars Are Deaf" is more like it. Or at the very least, "Stars Are Bland," for never has their been a more bland pop single. Lastly, her cover of Rod Stewart's "Do Ya Think I'm Sexy?" turns the classic into a lightweight roller disco confection, but she simply cannot deliver a decent voice and, most importantly, any grit or soul.		Do yourself a favor and refrain from buying "Paris." Don't support music that is 100% product and 0% genuine or a woman who inspires misogyny as she thrusts herself down the throats of Americans on a daily basis. For a pop album that actually sounds great in every aspect, opt instead for the latest releases from Madonna, Robbie Williams or any Kylie Minogue album this side of 2000.		Products like "Paris" are complete and utter atrocities, and spell death for art as we know it. Just wait - in late December you'll read the following obituary: "Art As We Know It passed away December 23, 2006 at 9:25 pm. It was 1097 years old. It passed away upon the realization that Paris Hilton's debut album was certified platinum."
1,Back in '69, I swapped a couple albums with a friend, and he threw this in for free. It was so dull I never managed to play the album all the way through. Now that my tastes have matured and expanded, I listened to the samples to see if my opinion has changed. It hasn't.
1,Some of this label's releases have pretty good sound, but this ain't one of them. The sound transfer is about as bad as you can imagine. Look for a higher quality transfer. I'll update when I find one.
1,If you are looking for the sweet voice of Karen Carpenter on this Christmas album, forget it! It's all fillers with only a few songs by her. I actually threw it in the trash. Total rip-off.
1,While the songs in Aladdin are very clever; they lack emotional depth. Brad Kane does a nice job on "One Jump Ahead", but Robin Williams' numbers are not as effective without the visual excitement found in the film. The romantic theme, "A Whole New World," does not involve the listener in either of its incarnations, and while there are some interesting instrumentals, the overall effect is that the music does not stand on its own.
1,Weakest album to date.  Didn't like any of the songs enough to keep the CD.  You should definitely listen before you buy.  Hardcore TMV fans will probably be all fan-boy over this, but it's really not that great.  Sound quality on the CD is good, too bad the tracks are just blah blah.
1,I've heard crap in my life but this right up there with the best, when did these guys start playing? the same day they recorded this crap. Anybody that knows about playing an instrument will cringe when they hear this. Is everybody in England smoking crack? This country has given us great music & muscians, Artic Monkeys does not apply to neither. This sounds like a bad garage band. Waste of money I would rather take the money and buy a hot dog and a orange soda rather than waste my hard earn money. Like the blokes would say this is pure RUBBISH!!!
1,Album is misnamed. It should have been titled Hype, not Hope.
1,I feel like Janet hasn't released anything good since Janet. What year was that? 1995 maybe? Wow eleven years ago. She should retire.
1,First, let me start by saying that I am a huge fan of B.B. King as a person, a singer, and a guitar player. I think that he has done a great deal to popularize the Blues and spread it all over the globe. He is to electric Blues what John Hammond is to Country Blues; they are both ambassadors. When I saw B.B. perform live in September of 2000 at Jones Beach Arena on Long Island, New York, it was B.B.'s 75th birthday concert, also featuring Buddy Guy and the wonderful Corey Harris. That night, B.B. gave an excellent performance. His singing was strong and his guitar playing was beautifully crafted. Unfortunately, this dvd finds B.B. in very bad shape, partially because he has aged a lot, partially because he spends a lot of time talking with the crowd and cutting off songs instead of performing, partially because the setlist is poor, partially because his guitar playing is sparse, and partially because his voice has most definitely weakened a great deal in the last five years. Again, I admire the man for all he has done for the Blues, I'd love to meet B.B. in person and talk with him, and I will always cherish that amazing concert I saw eight years ago. Unfortunately, as an enormous Blues fan and aspiring Blues historian, I have no other choice but to review this dvd as if I had never heard of B.B. King (in other words, eliminating any prejudices); evaluating and assigning a certain number of stars to this release by using my ears only, and not my strong admiration for B.B. King. In the future, I hope to hear and see some better releases from Mr. King, and I also hope that he records some new music with his band, and not with guest artists.
1,It's not them and not even their faded copy, where is Tony and all the rest of the group? The cover shows the real Platters but the singing absolutely not.	Forget it!!! Go to the "Universal Master Collection" you will love it.	Ciao,	Franco
1,xxl said it best when they dissed p he's tired, and he should have stayed underground and street but p like most people who make money get into their minds that they can make trashsy cd's and get away with it just because of the regular format the best off no limit was anything before 1999 with a few exceptions.
1,I am a fan of Ricky but not this album. I prefer him singing spanish instead of English. The only good part about the album is the salsa sounds.
1,More like some twisted shhhhh mess LOL! Come on Kanye, what happened to that Boom-Bap album you was telling Premo you were gonna make? Premo was right! you side tracked and was thinking about the masses and did some more auto tunes shhhhhhhh! This album sounds like a techno club album LMAO. Make up your mind whether your gonna do real Hip-hop or club music.
1,I went into purchasing this album based on both Marriot and Lanes involvement on the AWESOME Billy Nicholls album ("Would you Believe"), and on what I'd read about it. Every review out there claimed that it was a "must have" 60's album full of psychedelic whimsy, and often it was compared to, on some level or another, the Beatles' Sgt. Pepper.  I had very high hopes for the record, especially since I liked all the Small Faces' "hit" 60's singles... but unfortunately those hopes were dashed very quickly.		I'm here to tell you discerning 60's music fans to not be fooled by the reviews or by the greatness that the Small Faces singles' put forth; there's a lot better music out there that doesn't garner half the attention that this clunker of a record has.		I've become greatly saddened by just how seriously the wool had been pulled over my eyes. This record doesn't stack up against lots of "unknown" albums out there from the same time period, let alone the Beatles' Psych Masterpiece Pepper. If you want to get down to it, personally I feel that the Blossom Toes' "We Are Ever So Clean", October Country's "October Country", The Moody Blues' "Days of Future Passed", (to which this album owes A LOT), and The Moons' "Without Earth" ...are all superior to this record both in song writing and studio production. Heck pretty much anything that Sundazed or Cherry Red Records puts out would guarantee you the 1 or 2 good songs that this CD lacks; (See: Southwest FOB, Montage, Yellow Balloon, etc.)		Other not well known or documented albums (deserving of a 5 star review) that blow this out of the water include Love's "Forever Changes", Wendy and Bonnies' "Genesis", The Pretty Things' "S.F. Sorrow" and The Zombies' "Odessey and Oracle". If you don't have them go get them as they are 10x better then this album. (I strongly encourage anyone that gave this album a high review to purchase any of the above albums if you don't own them... if you thought THIS wannabe classic was good, you'll absolutely die when you hear any of them, I'm sure.)		Let me get one quick thing off my chest before I go to my song by song review: the MUSIC is what should decide whether an album is a "classic" or not... not the various extracurricular things that a lot of supposed "classic" albums have in abundance. IE: having some kind of English quack talk over sub-standard period music; outlandish things used to create sounds that don't really add to the music; having a fun background story to how they wrote the weak lyrics... (seriously, it's all good that they were high and on a boat when they wrote the album, but are we supposed to think that because that was the case the lyrics matter THAT much more? Ummm no.), etc ,etc. If I can't put the album on and immediately hear greatness, then it shouldn't be considered a classic... at least not in my eyes.		Having said that let me also say that the instrumentation on the album is really quite good; I'll never say they weren't good musicians. My problem is that the album fails to deliver any kind of substance to go along with the music. You'll hear a good melody here and go "Hmm this might be O.K." only to find that they end up going nowhere with it. Other songs will have a whole 20 seconds of good singing (towards the ends of some tracks) while the first 2.20 of the track featured horrible vocals.		1. Ogdens' Nut Gone Flake - Good/great instrumental track... why oh why couldn't the lyrics match up to this? /sigh		2. Afterglow of Your Love - Sounds like an early 70's Guess Who track. Is a fair little tune; nothing outstanding.		3. Long Agos and Worlds Apart - An O.K. song that goes nowhere. There are little ohhs and ahhs in the background, which begs the question: Why didn't they put some kind of emphasis on them... maybe make the song longer and add SOME kind of chorus. It really goes nowhere...		4. Rene -Ho-hum all the way... (I guess we are supposed to care that there really WAS a girl named Rene' somewhere? I know that it was hard for me to do when the song itself was fairly unimportant.)		5. Song of a Baker - Great music and (again) they sound like early 70's Guess Who vocal wise. Just when the track gets going it begins to fade out... typical of the whole album.		6. Lazy Sunday - Delightful little psych/pop song that was a single for the band. Having heard this album and all their other singles I think it's safe to say that they were a "singles band"... they very obviously put more emphasis on their singles then their albums.		7. Happiness Stan - And now the English quack begins his narrative. (I suppose back when this album was being recorded in the studio the bandmates thought that it was funny as hell to hear this guy talk before each track.) For me, he ruins the album; unless you want to listen to him every time you play any of tracks 7 - 12, you're gonna have to fast forward every one of the songs. As if that isn't bad enough, for a few songs he talks for over HALF of the tracks allotted time. I found that woefully disappointing, not just because the guy obviously loses something on record that he probably has spades of in person and on paper... but because some of the tracks he talks over and into had promise of being half decent. Oh well...		This song sounds like something either Donovan or The Incredible String Band would have attempted had they cared enough to do so. Not my cup of tea; next.		8. Rollin' Over - For this track the band takes the "Foxy Lady" guitar rift from Hendrix and proceeds to add their own R & B vocals to it. It's all right, (albeit over too quick) and one of the more "complete" songs on the album, imo.		9. The Hungry Intruder - Best song on the album. The man at the beginning only talks for a few seconds, and following him we are treated to a Who Sell Out-era Daltrey-esque vocal on top of decent psych music. My favorite track on the album... but of course it is over amazingly fast.		10. The Journey - After a long intro. by the English guy, (nearly half the tracks time), we come into a quaint little bass-heavy psych track that has a foghorn-like vocal spouting off drug-induced lyrics. Another strong track that sadly goes nowhere. If they put HALF the time that they did into their singles into their normal album cuts, The Small Faces would've been amazing. This track proves that fact harshly.		11. Mad John - Once you fast forward through the 1.30 clip of the English guy talking you wind up with a good song; feels like an acoustic jam that the band could've sung anywhere they brought their guitars.		12. Happy Days Toy Town - Features a melody that reminds me A LOT of Mellow Yellow by Donovan; try singing along with it and see what I mean. Blah all the way.		If you decide to purchase this album on the off chance you want to buy into the hype, I highly recommend you get it used somewhere; paying anything over $10 for this record is a ripoff.
1,This album sounds like a mixture of Seal and Eric Clapton. How anyone calls this "metal" I will never know. I'd actually rather buy a Seal record than listen to the sounds of fingers slide on an acoustic guitar like Dave Matthews Band. Opeth is a band your mom would listen to while she's cooking in the kitchen.
1,Given that Steely Dan was primarily a studio creation of reclusive geniuses Walter Becker and Donald Fagen, did anyone honestly expect a live Steely Dan to gain anything on stage? This "live" record is sterile and lifeless, the arrangements differ so imperceptably from their album counterparts, that this record becomes cynical by its very exisitence. The studio versions of everything on "Alive in America" outshine this disc's surpirsing sterile performances, making this one for the diehards only.
1,If you compare it to all the garbage that is always being played on the radio or eMpTyV, this album is not that bad.  But if you compare it to the work that this band did in the 80's, this is absolute trash!!!  Long gone  are the days in which MetallicA was one of the top 5 music acts in the  world.  It's very, very sad...  :(
1,I once played with this band in Pontiac, MI. They are ok. The drummer has the image of a stereotypical gym rat/guy who bullied the nerds in high school. Why he's drumming when he could be making more money modeling or doing porn, I don't know. I guess everyone has their interests.
1,One of the most overhyped albums of all time is this recently released bland of waste by the Artic Monkeys.		Dubbed as the biggest band in the UK since Oasis & possibly the Beatles, The Artic Monkeys got big through the internet & hip young dance clubs enough to have the fastest selling debut album in the UK of all time.		Unfourtantely this music is nothing more than music to be played in dance clubs.  It seems as though the UK has been living under a rock for the past 5 years or so, because Franz Ferdinand & others did this music much better.		There's no great songs off the album... or good songs for that matter - Just decent/bad songs that we've heard many times before.		It seems as if the UK is desperate to produce another legendary band.. the last great band to come from there was Radiohead, & since then its been downhill. So much so that now they're trying to praise anything that comes along. If you can make music this bad & get huge in the UK.. I should really consider moving there.		You can't ride the wave of the Beatles & the other 60s legends forever... And it's about time the UK quit bragging about how they had Zeppelin & produce some decent talent.		It's been a very long time since they have.  Maybe the music scene there is finally finished & not longer significant		Go buy 'Funeral' by the Arcade Fire instead.
1,Went into my Goodwill pile.
1,Wonderful
1,Sony should be ashamed for infecting PCs in which this CD is played.		Amazon should stop selling this CD immediately given the known damage that is causes to computers.
1,First of all...this is not a metal album, nor is Slipknot a metal band.  Let's get this straight.  Slipknot is aggro, or nu-metal, or whatever you want to call it.  Alternative rock with effects, distortion, power chords, and smoke and mirror tricks in the production room to make it sound heavier.  With that said, I can continue the review.	First of all...the good.  This album is fairly intense.  It is heavy (despite the fact that most of this was acheived through slick production and over-use of simple riffs and DJ tricks).  The singer isn't too bad at all....yes, his voice is a cheesy nu-metal ripoff of death metal, but it is better than most in the genre.  The drum work isn't too bad at all.	But, the lyrics are atrocious.  They sound like something a screaming 7 year old brat would yell.  I mean they are downright some of the worst lyrics I have ever heard.  The guitar work is very simple and repetitive.  A 2 or 3 week guitar student could play this album through....anyone can strum 2 chord riffs, turn up the distortion, and call themselves a musician.	Furthermore, the ridiculous sounds in the background need to go.  There is no need for the 2 extra percussionists and the DJ.  The songs all sound extremely muddy...there is no musical focus to this album whatsoever.  Basically, this album is just typical mallcore nu-metal that appeals to 14 year old "rebels".  Save yourself the wasted time and money and don't buy this [stuff].
1,Miss Houston has paid a heavy price for her life style. As is evident to many that wonderful voice has been abused to the point that on this recording her voice is broken, off key, out of breath and volume. Yes, we can all cheer that she is brave to try a comeback - but at what price. I would rather remember the voice of the early 90s.
1,This would have been a whole lot better if there was better recording, and if they waited until Mark was better. There are some great songs on this though. Some of them are: Carousel, Point of View, and the Girl Next Door. It is kind of funny to see how goofy they looked in their older days.
1,I have given this album one star on the strength of the five star song, Life in a Northern Town. The rest of it gets nil. I was chasing LINT, but decided to buy the whole album on the strength of the previous glowing reviews. Alas, if it wasn't for LINT, this album would have faded into total obscurity long ago. Perhaps you may, like the other reviewers, find pleasure in the other songs on this collection. However, the chances are you might like one or two, realise that for the most part this is quite ordinary material, and settle for the fact that it was worth buying for LINT.
1,This review is related to the Japanease release (mini-LP replica) of Swiss Movement.		This is one of the greatest jazz performances. Spirit. Soul. Life. Drum. Ecstasy. But the sound quality is of big questione. Yes, it is dated to 60's. Yes, it was recorded at the concert. But the bonus track showcases how good the sound quality could have been on this release. On all other tracks you hear drums, keyboards and voice in your left channel and the horns in your right channel. Bass is almost not defined and is boom-boom box rather than a set of strings. The audience is in your right channel, too.		This is a great piece of jazz (probably, a must have). But it is definitely not an audiophile record or even close to it.
1,I hadn't heard of Stone Roses before, but had heard Keep What You've Got on the radio and thought it was a pretty decent track.  The DJ mentioned that Noel Gallagher produced the track, and that piqued my interest a little more.  So, I took a chance and sought the album out.		The album is shockingly bad, especially in comparision to the two good songs on it - the leadoff track, and Keep What You've Got.  The rest of the album is over-produced garbage.  It reminds me of the 80's synth-pop that was so popular (and boring) in my childhood.		Do yourself a favor and track down the single of Keep What You've Got, and maybe download the first track off iTunes - but don't waste your time or money on this pathetic album.
1,It was only the single, I was expecting the entire album. The seller needs to be more specific.
1,He may be selling out all his shows but this album SUCKS! For not releasing any material in years, this is it? Dont buy this! Save your money with the exception of the single "Mom." Great song and Garth didn't write it. LAZY!
1,I'm a APP fan, I love The Turn of.., Eye in the Sky, On Air, Vulture, Gaudi, etc, but this work is horrendous. After the departure of Woolfson and Bairnson, Alan stayed alone and produced the worst project of all times. There's none that catched me. It seems a techno project, with two old songs.		Sorry,  but it must be the end of the project. Go to Porcupine Tree and Marillion.
1,although I do have to give credit to Nina's attractive and flexible (very) voice and some of her song-writing skills, it is a pity that this whole album sounds like a string of songs with similar tunes (With the exception of "Badway"). These songs are too soft and lacking either the upbeat rhymes of dance pop or the original rock styles that Veruca Salt has been associate with.  The record is not going anywhere because it's too plain, and has no particular style.
1,I'm sorry....this album is horrible.  It sounds like a bunch of high schoolers got loose in the studio.  I think I'm a very open-minded person, but to say I was disappointed is a huge understatement.  ....  Pharrell's voice may be fine for singing hooks, but it certainly cannot carry an entire album.
1,I'd normally avoid even commenting on such music, as it is usually not worth my time, but this....whatever...put "flamenco" in the title of his album, so I shall rate it accordingly.		As a frame of reference, I shall compare it to truly good "new" Flamenco by the likes of Tomatito, Paco De Lucia, Vincente Amigo and Gerardo Nunez.		This is utter....utter....UTTER garbage. He has no technique. He has no compas. He does not play Flamenco forms and, it is clear that he he ever tried, he would suck monumentally. The music doesn't even resemble Flamenco! He should be reported to the Federal Trade Commission for deceptive trading.		I might be willing to let it go if there was any artistic merit in his music, but there is none. We have pedestrian, repetitive "hey, look I've just learned to play guitar" garbage. Seriously: this guy is amateur in the extreme. You can hear infinitely better stuff in a cheap piano bar.		As a guitarist, I've played some pieces by Paco, but if I'm ever asked "Have you played any Liebert", my response shall be "No, but I think I may have stepped in some once".		Footnote: Amazon, why don't you allow a rating of zero stars?
1,I bought the album some months ago and since then I've only listened to it 4 times. Why, because this is simply the worst "Janet" album ever.  Her last offering, "The Velvet Rope" was a beautifully crafted piece of art.  It was a major change in a musical and songwriting direction for Janet.  Sadly the album didn't do so well worldwide, but then good art doesn't always equate sales.  After the dark nature of The Velvet Rope, I naturally didn't expect Janet to come out with a sequel.  I figured she would come up with something more lighthearted yet interesting, but I expected something better than this.	On "All For You", Janet has become independent and is exploring her sexuality. Whoopty-doo, she's been doing that since the Janet album. She's hasn't stopped exploring yet? Had this been released 10 years ago I wouldn't have a problem, now it's become tired and dull... I don't mind fun fluff if it's well-crafted. Yet the singles from AFU are by far her worst, they're happy, peppy, sugar-coated pop songs that were tailor-made for top-40 radio, "Someone to Call My Lover" being the most offensive with it's dopey lyrics. Jam and Lewis, by the way, need to seriously go. This is their worst production yet, it sounds like a generic mid-90s dance-pop album when you listen to tracks like "You Ain't Right" and "Come On Get Up".	But the real stinker of the album lies within the puerile sex songs. I'm no prude but I know good taste. "Love Scene" and "Would You Mind" are just disgusting, the fact that Janet has to be begging to get some puts me to shame. They aren't even as hilariously witty as "Rope Burn" or sexy as "Anytime Any Place". She should also be embarrassed for the number of times the F-word pops out; it was done intentionally for shock value and it ruins most of the album. And don't even get me started on the interludes.	There are 4 good songs on here though: the autobiographical "Better Days" and "Truth"... "China Love", and the bizarre production of "Trust a Try". Janet's ballads have never been strong in my opinion, so I was quite pleased that she pulled off such impressive ones on this album...
1,I say this is Whitney still on drugs!!! I was very disappointed with this album. I liked one song on the whole album. I was a great fan of Whitney until she went overboard on drugs, such a waist of talent!! I only wish her the best.
1,PURE TRASH FROM THIS HIGHLY ANTICIPATED SUPER GROUP...ENOUGH SAID !
1,There's probably not a lot I can say that the other reviewers haven't already said, and maybe I set my expectations too high.  After all, Draiman's "Device" album was Disturbed less anything remotely memorable.  The big problems here are the pedestrian (if not downright juvenile) lyrics and the lack of any hooks.  At least Draiman sings with passion and intensity.  Dan Chandler just phoned in this one. "Leaving" might just have the most painfully-written lyrics I've ever endured...er...encountered:		I'm alive	But paralyzed	By the sight of bloodshed fights		Shoot `em right between the eyes	Weak inside	But built to fight	Living life through compromise...		Give me a break, guys.  What, you couldn't find any more words with a long "I" in them?
1,I've said it before (in other reviews) & I'll say it again... (as a Life-Long Fan of Zakk's work) I, and everyone else for that matter -- would MUCH rather have a GOOD BLS Album & have to wait a couple years for it... than to have a MEDIOCRE to AWFUL album every year!!!		Hangover Music -- was so terrible I gagged when I heard it, then immediately sold it on eBay.  Mafia, though harder & more like those previous to Hangover... was still severely lacking: Effort, Lyrical Content, Melodic Music -- and was all around just as horrible as Hangover Music.		Now we have Shot To Hell.  Which is a BLEND of the last two albums (did I mention the last two albums BLEW!?)  I'm always for "growth", "new direction" etc. etc. etc.  BUT ONLY if it IMPROVES the music.  Frankly, I don't konw who to feel more sorry for... Roadrunner - because now they're stuck with a Promising Artist that can't deliver... or Zakk - because he's obviously been touring, working, etc. too hard; and has run out of ideas & creativity.		If you're still reading; and haven't figured out whether or not you should give this a try... well, if you won't listen to reason - by all means, buy it and see for yourself.		I love Zakk - He and Slash are my 2 favorite Guitarists or all time... (not to mention, Life-Long fan, from Ozzy to Pride & Glory to Book of Shadows to BLS) but 1 more album like this & I'm selling all his CDs & avoiding BLS & Zakk releases just like I do with Metallica, and Various others who've completely lost their way - and produce nothing but CRAP!!
1,I'm a really big fan of pearl jam's first two album. Upon hearing this album, I was really disapointed. Better man is a pretty good song, but the rest just really poorly done. Songs like bugs and spin the black circle make you wonder what happened to these masters of early 90s hard rock.
1,It is with clenched teeth that I note that this rose-colored "Follies" ran longer than any other production of the show. Producer Cameron Mackintosh wanted an upbeat version of "Follies" and never mind that a happy ending is a betrayal of "Follies" original impulse, which was to pose some blistering questions about not just the Broadway genre but to expose the lies we tell ourselves. Upon rehearing, one suspects that Stephen Sondheim's heart wasn't in the "make it snappy" task, judging by the lackluster quality of his new lyrics, and the appallingly trite "Country House" (a feeble attempt to 'explain' Phyllis and Ben's marital problems in a flip manner) and "Make the Most of Your Music," numbers that a younger Sondheim would have rapidly consigned to the dustbin.		The one arguable improvement is "Ah, But Underneath," a bump-and-grind for Phyllis that quickly entered the pantheon of classic Sondheim songs. It was one of the few afterthoughts to be retained for the mostly back-to-the-original Papermill production (the touchstone against which all 21st century revivals are measured). Any admirer of the '71 OBC album -- even in its mutilated state -- or "Follies in Concert," however, must brace themselves to cringe nearly all the way through the London production, except perhaps Dolores Gray's "I'm Still Here. The conducting, certainly, is not a patch on that of Paul Gemigniani (RCA) or Eric Stern.		Diana Rigg's exaggeratedly hard Phyllis sounds like an Alexis Smith parody (NOT what one wants to hear) and I'd rate her far behind Smith, Dee Hoty, Lee Remick and the as-yet-unrecorded Donna Murphy, who did a near-definitive "Lucy and Jessie" in the Encores! concert presentation. Sondheim himself is rumored to have disapproved of the London interpreter of "Broadway Baby," the one number on the recording that nobody seems to like, and "Ah, Paris!" poses little threat to Liliane Montevecchi or Fifi D'Orsay's versions. You *do* get to hear the contrapuntal joint coda to the montage ("Follies in Concert" copped out here) but it's just an ungodly mess. Monaural rehearsal footage of the '71 production actually makes it much clearer how this should sound.		Ben is musically gelded, so Daniel Massy's best efforts are for naught. A career of playing jolly, discomfited characters would have predestined David Healy to portray Buddy but his singing voice is anonymous. Of the four principals, Julia McKenzie is the most on-target, although I have to add that Young Phyllis is an extraordinary vocal match for Dame Diana. Still, this is a painful experience for a "Follies" fanatic and not remotely competitive with the Papermill, Lincoln Center or '71 Broadway recordings -- nor with the Encores! presentation, should that make it to disc. I can only recommend this to diehard Sondheim scholars who wish to notate every step in "Follies" evolution.
1,I purchased this CD after having read glowing reviews both in the Rolling Stone record guide and here on amazon for many years. I am just so totally disappointed but this non-sense album. This so-called "masterpiece" is the quintessential late 60's, LSD laden chaos that people that went to college during those tumultuous years find funny, but everyone else just shakes their heads and turns it off after 1 minute. It was recorded during a time when everything revolved around social disobedience, wild discussions, drugs and wild orators like MLK, Upton Sinclair, Timothy Leary, etc. Anyone under the age of 50 will find this CD completely incomprehensible and boring.		Addendum June, 2010:	For the record I have listened to the first 20 minutes (I can't stand it any longer) about 5 times over about a week and I still just don't get it. There are some funny one-liners, but otherwise it's just pure chaos. Monty Python is also college-based, sarcastic and intellectual, but the difference is that MP is funny. People laugh when they watch them.
1,Compare to her previous albums, this one ranks closer to the bottom.  When she was younger, say elevenish, her voice was lovely to listen to.  It was a sweet, angelic voice so like a young girl at that age should sound with a potential of becoming a power house in the future.  But now in her mid teens, Miss Church has yet to reach that point and one wonders now if she ever will.  Her voice has not gotten better nor worse.	Like a previous reviewer said, the strain in her voice is evident and sometimes a little painful to listen to.  There are some songs where she's straining towards a range her vocal chords can not handle and there are other times like in "Papa can you here me?" where here voice is just above whisper (cranking the volume is needed).  In fact, her pitch is not the same, at least to my ears it isn't.  It sounds as if it's been lowered a key or two.  Another thing with her singing is that I hear a lot of air before the words come out.  Her voice does not come out as clear or pure as it could be.  There is just too much whooshing sounds for me to continue listening to this CD.	I love show tunes from time to time and I'm familiar with most of the songs on this album. Although I believe Miss Church did put in a great effort, she missed her mark.  If you want to listen to an Opera/Pop/Broadway style of music, I recommend Sarah Brightman (albums: Dive, Eden, or La Luna).
1,Tuesday's Gone is a cover song, they lose points for using material that isn't theirs. And the song "So What" is terrible, written with poor taste, one of the lines in the song refers to sucking and old man's cock, vulgar and tasteless. I don't like this album, I threw it in the trash where it belonged.
1,im sorry to say but im very dissapointed.  I had so much anticipation for this album, they had 4 years to make it and i had high expectations.  Thier past 2 albums are exceptionally brilliant, but this one is really lacking.  The overly pretentious lyrics are a big let down for me, but it wouldnt even bother me nearly as much if the songs were just better.  I love pop music, but the lips have done much better poppier stuff than this.  I kind of feel that the album is too effect driven to cover up the weakness of the songs.  It is important for bands to be pushing and trying to develop new sound, but this was the wrong direction in my opinion.  There is a couple decent songs (mr ambulance driver, yeayea).  I wish i was indifferent to the album, but i just don't like it. Its not an album that needs to settle and after a few listens you figure it out..  It is very sad for me to write this review because of the high hopes i had.  I will stick with soft bulletin and yoshimi.  disclaimer: this is only my opinion, don't let me interfere with your enjoyment.
1,First off, no band that does a cover of Amie, can get five stars.  Please.  (Perhaps a tiny-voiced guitar strumming alternative female singer could pull it off, but...no...)You might as well do a cover of Brown-Eyed girl (Which due to their overwhelming adulation of Van the Man, in their early days, kind of turned me off them..) But oh well.	I was intrigued by Counting Crows doing covers as it reminded me of Adam on that Crackers Garage D'Or album years back and it was very good.	There are very few very good covers here.  Mostly tepid song selections, routine walk throughs, and a bit too much straining for sincerity from a band that evidently has run out of their own song ideas.	That's too bad.  I thought with Washington Square and the like, they were headed in a positive direction awhile back.  This has them sounding like, uh, like a cover band.
1,Too much wa wa pedal and overuse of electric piano /mini moog.		The acoustic stuff however shines as much now as it did then	Those are 5 out of 5.		The electric stuff,meh!
1,There is an old saying that could well be applied to the Goo Goo Dolls decision to redo Name, if it's not broke don't fix it.  Name was one of the Goo's strongest songs, a very well produced pop ballad.  The new version of Name sounds sloppy and tired.  So why mess with it?  So fans can get the original on volume 2?  This is disgusting and pointless.  Perhaps a consensus of songs from the fans should be taken before any greatest hits album is ever assembled.
1,He is too cheap to keep above avg talent around and it shows on his releases.  Since Trilogy, which was put out 25 yrs ago, most of Yngwie's releases are not good.  Yes, he is a top flight guitar player, but since Soto and Turner, his music is not very good when it comes to the vocals - real bad.
1,My impression of this album is that Ryland Angel knows everything about singing and nothing of what he is singing about. The stacked harmonies of his background overdubs are amazing, but his lead vocals are stiff, stiff, stiff. Take Broken Heart for example: "When you had left I stood, I was broken inside. It was if you were slowing down the beat of my heart." No, I'm sorry, but this just comes across as descriptive text for the emotionally impaired. What he should be singing is "When you left, you ripped my heart out!"		Each word is perfectly shaped (by far the best "was" I have ever heard), but the meaning of the words and the arc of the melody never make it off the printed sheet. These songs are like refrigerator magnet poetry; each word unconnected with the larger whole. Just move the magnets around and Ryland sings another sequence of pretty notes.
1,I just saw the movie, and I have to say that it lived up to my expectations. It wasn't as good as The Mummy Returns, but it was definitely entertaining. The music was the best part - John Debney's score is certainly as good as his last action score, Cutthroat Island.	So why 1 star? NONE of the music on this 'soundtrack' is in the movie, let alone has anything to do with the movie. It's just a bunch of ...heavy metal bands playing noisy beats accompanied by someone screaming. That's not music.	The ONLY reason this 'soundtrack' was released was to get MONEY. No other reason. Here's hoping for a 70 minute release with the REAL music.
1,This cannot be the same band that brought	us Moving Pictures,Hemispheres,Signals,Permanent Waves etc.	The very reason I love Rush is because they did not sound	like anything hip or current always different and musical.	Now all the keys,guitar solos and interesting bits have been	stripped out in favor of a "now" type sound.	I was hoping the new Rush album would be a welcome	break from all the current [stuff] but sadly it seems as if	the're trying to sound like a mod band	When are the record co.s going to realise that the fans like	bands like Rush,ELP Floyd etc. because they are unique.	They won't gain new fans by being trendy and they'll lose	the old fans into the bargain because of this very fact.
1,By far and away, the worst entry in the Rippingtons portfolio - as nearly every fan has noted since then, the lack of quality is exacerbated by the fact that Russ plays all of the instruments and none of the other band members participated. It reeks of him using the band name to draw on a larger marketing base for what is essentially a solo CD - and even on that level, not up to the level of his genuine solo releases of the past.
1,In the vast ocean of repugnant pop rock bands featuring pre-pubescent singers, whining about non-existent love lives over music consisting usually of two or three power chords repeated ad nauseam, Simple Plan is the big ugly whale eating up all the program time on TRL and all the space on the Hot Topic shelves.	  Honestly, words cannot describe the putrid garbage that is this album. Hell, it's not even original. It merely dumbs down (as if that were possible) the schlock of Green Day and Blink-182, aiming toward an even less intelligent and mature fan base. All of you "punk rawkers," I hope, will eventually grow out of this phase, graduate from middle school, and listen to real music.
1,It's obvious that this album was recorded in a period of transition in Paul's life ie - the start of his relationship with Heather and still getting over the loss of Linda. The songs on here vary from joyous love songs to dark experimental tracks. A lot of the lyrics deal with a "from the darkness into the light" theme. The two versions of the cover art also show this kind of duality. As a result of all this I have a hard time with this album...while there are great moments and great melodies somehow to me it never sounds 100% convincing.		Paul was working with a new band and with a new producer. In my opinion things don't seem to gel all that well and the album has an awkward sound. The musicians here are all very accomplished and work well in a live setting but the performances on these songs sound a little forced to my ears. The same can be said of the production. David Kahne was obviously trying to make an album that sounded raw (I read that he took his cue from the track 'Oh Woman, Oh Why'),and this is an admirable aim, but he never quite pulls it off. The tracks still manage to sound quite sterile and wishy washy with no real stylistic direction. Even the more experimental songs such as 'She's Given Up Talking' still sound a bit limp and lifeless and the experimental aspects just sound like they exist in spite of the song and not as part of the song.		In songwriting terms things are also a mixed bag. There are a couple of quite successful rockers in 'Lonely Road' and 'About You', some typical sweet simple love songs in 'Magic', 'Your Way' and 'I Do' and a soaring production ballad in 'Your Loving Flame'. These are pretty much the best of the bunch here.		Elsewhere there are some experimental tracks like 'She's Given Up Talking', "Spinning On An Axis', 'Riding To Jaiper' and 'Rinse The Raindrops'- all rather interesting to listen to but they hardly stand up to repeated plays. There are some pretty poor efforts lyrically in 'Driving Rain' and 'Tiny Bubble'.		'From A Lover To A Friend' is a melancholy song which is actually a very nice melody but should NEVER have been a lead off single (or a single at all for that matter). And then there is 'Freedom'...hmmmm.		So really this is an album that doesn't really know what it wants to be. But I think it's an album that Paul had to make at the time. That his next album dispensed with his band and had a different producer (and was a lot more successful as a result) speaks volumes.		Not a disaster but thankfully there was better to come.
1,Have just played 'Endlessly'. All I can say is thank god I didn't pay for it (I was given a copy)! Duffy should never have been allowed to produce the album herself. On 'Well Well Well' she sounds like Cilla Black on helium! Little wonder this first single from the album only reached #41 in the UK. 'Keeping My Baby' is just a bad remake of 'Papa Don't Preach'. On 'Breath Away' she painfully strains to hit the top notes. The two best tracks are 'My Boy' and the discofied 'Lovestruck'. I loved 'Rockferry' so find this such a disappointment. Sadly she appears to be just a one trick pony.
1,It's nice that The Who produced a new song for this compilation celebrating their 50th anniversary. As a fan of the band, I can't think of any other reason to commend it.		How many compilations, remasters, deluxe editions featuring the same tunes are we, as fans, expected to buy?	Meaty Beaty Big and Bouncy was great (bought it). Hooligans great (bought it). Then came Who's Better, Who's Best (1988-bought it), My Generation -- very best of (1996), bought it., Then & Now, with 2 newly-recorded tunes, Greatest Hits, and now, The Who Hits 50...I'm sure I've missed some of these greatest hits...How many hits collections is that? I've lost count.
1,Disappointing , Too much pop !!!
1,I haven't heard them all, but this one isn't very good.  The recording quality is great, the skill of the guitars and drums is pretty good, and King sings like (his) normal, but after listening to this several times I still can't remember any of the tunes.  That compares to In the Shadows, Time, or Spiders Lullabye where I can hum several tunes in my sleep.  Like one of the other reviews said, its kind of boring and doesn't really grab your attention.  Some will like it if they are really into the style, but there are better albums.
1,Christina releases her 3rd album and like previous efforts it's got some great songs, but not that many. If Christina chose the best tracks off all 3 albums then she could put out an album that would be super, instead of the ones that are full of fillers.		"SOS" was supposed to be recorded by Christina but she refused to, a move that she may regret now and ultimately ended her recording contract as the song proved to be so successful.		1. Say I  - 1st single....Would have never of picked this track as a single, its more of a filler if anything. 4/10		2. Twisted  - This is another track where u press "skip" has some rock elements in it but the songs goes no where - 2/10		3. Gonna Tell Everybody  - Best track by far! Should have been single number #1. It's the best r&b slow track that I've heard in years! Basically he cheated on her, and she's still coming to terms with it, but she's "gonna tell everybody" about him. 10/10		4. Who's Gonna Ride - This track was suppose to be a single as well. Its got great lyrics and a hot beat, maybe if a bridge was added in instead of the rap it could have been great. But its still a fun, independent woman track 7/10		5. So Amazing - A duet of some kind.....Thought it would have had some sort of flow being the title track and all. 4/41		6. Hot Boy - Another one of the better tracks. It's a good song for women to sing to regain self confidence. Lovely beat, single potential. 8/10		7. Foolin' - Sounds too much like "Twisted". Very heavy sounding. 2/10		8. My Lovin' Goes - This track has a nice peaceful pop beat. Very bubblegum like but that's not a bad thing. Sounds a lot like an Aaliyah track. Good track. 8/10		9. Just A Little Bit - Christina sounds like she complains to much in this track. The song is half decent, listen-able but the song goes no where at all! 6/10		10. Y'All Ain't Nuthin' - Filler.......1/10		11. She Don't Know - Latin flavoured track....love it! It shows a different side of Christina. It should have been a single, she proves to the other Christina (Aguilera) that she can do Latin as well! Hot stuff! 9/10		Overall a not "so amazin'" album, but its does have its moments.		Just download:		Gonna Tell Everybody		Hot Boy		She Don't Know		My Lovin' Goes		Who's Gonna Ride?		Instead of purchasing the album.
1,I was surprised to hear that Jada Pinkett Smith was in a metal band. I thought to myself wow pretty cool. So some time ago I heard this CD I was somewhat impressed but still I feel it fell short. The band has a lot of potential with the right producer, someone like Bob Rock..(Metallica, Motley Crue) Songs like "Bleed all over me" have a Lacuna Coil type sound to them. While others are reminiscent of the now deflated "Rap Metal" or "Nu Metal" scene.  Jada has the potential to be a better singer than what she has delivered, she needs to really push her boundaries. From what I hear on this CD she doesn't really push her vocal ability much and I mean by singing not growling or screaming. This band can do so much more with the right producer bringing out that heavy sound a la Sevendust. Keep an eye out for Wicked Wisdom cause I am sure we haven't heard the last of this band..with tons of potential. I gave them two stars cause I believe they could have done a whole lot better. That's my opinion. Thanks.
1,Look, Corey Clark is an attractive guy, alright? But he's not that attractive that I'd go out and buy his album. I actually forgot that he had an album come out this summer. The other day I was listening to Paula Abdul's "Forever Your Girl" CD and I was like, "Oh, yeah! Corey Clark!" Let me tell you something: this CD is wack! There's nothing unique about it and it's boring. I thought Corey sounded great on American Idol, but on this CD it's like he's singing underneath his breath and there's no emotion. The only song I like is "All This Love" and that's because I love the original by El Debarge. In fact, on that song Corey sounds similar to El, but he (Corey) sounds way off key, like he was bored or something. Like I said before, Corey is hot, but I would never pay $1.40 for his CD. For $1.40 I could buy 2 bags of onion rings, Gummi Savers, and a Slim Jim! Anyway, Corey's days of getting over are finished and good looks don't last forever.
1,What we have here is just make-up and cosmetics, and almost no value in terms of quality.		The first show has the best editing and sound (and a great drummer), but there is one little problem: you can check Janick Gers in all his mediocrity, a kind of worsened Ritchie Blackmore rip-off, a guitar player with no feeling, no finesse. The solos are, ALL OF THEM, ludicrous, noisy, useless. It's a miracle this guy got the gig in Iron Maiden.		The Skunkworks show is so badly edited, with MTV-style cuts from second to second, that you cannot watch it properly.		The show in Brazil is a bootleg, for Heaven's sake!! Bad sound, bad edition, bad image quality, a total waste of time.		The best part are the video-clips, believe it or not...		All the reviews below are typical of Maiden fans, who will endorse any piece of crap this band (or his members) release.
1,This concert is obviously being marketed by it's historical context, taking place on the night after Dr. King's assassination. It is also a good performance by James Brown, but then, he never put on a bad show. However, the lighting of the DVD is so bad it's almost un-watchable. It's amazing it was shown on television that night because it looks like it was shot in a coal mine! If James Brown was still alive he would never have authorized this DVD, because he always took pride in his product and his responsibility to his fans. If you must have this concert just get the CD because the visuals are atrocious!
1,once only
1,I gave this one star because the track listing is completely wrong! There are NO SONGS WITH JA RULE & JENNIFER LOPEZ !!!!! I'm so pissed off right now smh
1,As much as I actually do like Van Morrison, his vocal on Comfortably Numb was enough to absolutely ruin the entire recording for me.  I think I've heard better vocal melodies on a Slayer album.  He's not even singing half the time, he's just speaking the words--and when he does try and carry a tune around his now half-octave vocal range, it's as atonal as a symphony of tortured cats.	While this is the major low point on the album, there are many others which try and compete.  I don't know, maybe it's my too damn serious prog-rock background, but I had to cringe when Cyndi Lauper came out and destroyed 'Brick in the Wall'.  The original Wall is a magnificent recording, a true work of art, as is the recent 1980 live release.  This ablum is a circus of then-popular late-80's stars not at all doing justice to Roger Waters' brilliance.
1,MODEST MOUSE	GOOD NEWS FOR PEOPLE WHO LOVE BAD NEWS	EPIC; 2003		MY RATING: 38/100		Isaac Brock and I would not see eye-to-eye on a lot of things; we view the world through exceedingly different lenses. However, as an artist, I nonetheless respect him, and really enjoy the overall sound of his band. I've been spinning Mouse records since `97 or so, and the first four years of the band's recorded output providing something of a soundtrack to the aimless nights of my youth. His early records in particular, though bitter and a bit twisted, bore an indelible melodic sweetness and sympathy underneath the rough exterior that belied a deep and unique soulfulness on his part. What I'm trying to say is that I speak as a fan. However, I'm sad to say that MM's fourth album is a monotonous screed of depraved bitterness and metaphysical angst, with the soul of it all and the sense of humor markedly absent. It's not like I haven't tried. I REALLY dig "Float On," and I chuckled when I saw it covered in a FORD commercial on American Idol. Similiary, "Blame it on the Tetons" is as pathetically righteous a track as "Custom Concern" or "Trailer Trash," so I gotta respect. But that's about it. "Ocean Breathes Salty" might have been a strong b-side, but it's just a bit too disonant to register as single-quality Mouse. "The Good Times Are Killing Me" sounds promising, but fails to deliver in the way "Styrofoam Boots" did on THE LONESOME CROWDED WEST. You can have the rest; there's just not a whole lot here to get excited about. A truly disappointing record.		TRACKS:		1. Horn Intro	2. The World at Large (3/5)	3. Float On (5/5)	4. Ocean Breathes Salty (3/5)	5. Dig Your Grave	6. Bury Me With It (2/5)	7. Dance Hall (2.5/5)	8. Bukowski (2.5/5)	9. This Devil's Workday (2/5)	10. The View (2/5)	11. Satin in a Coffin (2/5)	12. Interlude (Milo)	13. Blame it on the Tetons (4.5/5)	14. Black Cadillacs (3/5)	15. One Chance (2.5/5)	16. The Good Times Are Killing Me (4/5)
1,Only two songs i like, "Lay Me Down and leave the pieces. they are backwoods girls. not fit for singing.
1,Right after I opened it the cover fell off.
1,A big letdown. The movie is great but the soundtrack so weak. Gone are the dark tuned Vader themed tracks which makes sense because there is no Vader in this episode. I was just hoping that the darker side would be more dominant musically. I was hoping the time played in the last trailer would somehow bake it into this set but no. To be honest, JJ Abrams should have enlisted someone other than Williams. Let's move on for the next episode.	What struck me the most is that I can't memorize any of the songs.	Sorry, JW was a huge miscalculation here.
1,dont get me wrong jessica simpson has a great voice and i really like her first single. well anyways, i went out and bought the cd and by the time i finished listening to it i had the biggest head ache!  she screams in  pratically every song!  i'm sorry people but this is the worst album i  have ever heard! do yourself a favor and DON'T BUY IT!
1,These collection left me wanting more from a veteran!  Recommend another Dion album for a true measure of his musical ability.
1,YOU  KNOW  WE  ALL  SAY  WHY  ARE  TEENAGERS  THE  WAY  THEY  ARE....  WELL  THIS  CD  IS  A  PRIME  EXAMPLE.  IT  TALKS  ABOUT  GUNS,  DRUGS,  MURDER,  SEX,  EVERYTHING  I  WOULD  KEEP  MY  KID  AWAY  FROM.  I  THINK  THERE  SHOULD  BE  A  LAW  AGAINST  SAYING  WHAT  YOU  WANT  IN  MUSIC.  IT  JUST  GETS  OUT  OF  CONTROL.
1,It makes me smile when every new version of this masterpiece is described as "the best ever" when they are clearly not. A key problem with this recording is the ridiculous balance between the soloist and orchestra - you are practically 'inside' the cello. Listeners who got used to this would be very disappointed hearing the work in the concert hall as the balance is so unrealistic. This makes Weilerstein's playing seem even more overwrought than it probably is and the contrast between that and the rather lackluster orchestra makes for uncomfortable listening. Save your money and buy the truly classic Rostropovich/Karajan account with the Berlin Philharmonic at less than half the price!
1,As for the selection of songs on this cd A+.		So why do I give this a 1 Star?  Well first to really get a point across.  The packaging of this 2 cd collection is the worst ever.		Just today, I got disc 2 out and was getting ready to play it.  First off it is really hard to get the cds out of these cardboard sleeves.  They cram the cd in the tightest fit possible.  I struggled and struggled with it.  When it finally came out some of the glue from the sleeve stuck to the cd.  Let me tell you it aint fun to try getting the glue off without scratching the cd.  So I then tried to get cd 1 out and same thing but it was even worse.  Getting the cd out was hard and I now think I have to take that disc to a 'cd' doctor to fix it.		Great music though. just trying to make a point with the cd companies trying to save a buck on extra cheap packaging.  If you want to buy this cd, I recommend getting 2 jewel cases to house the discs.
1,Shhh, don't tell anyone but Miles and his "in your face" trumpet give me a headache.		I like funk and groove so I should have done a bit more homework before trying out the jazz scene. For me this CD is mostly silent except for some irritating trumpet blowing like foxtail into your eardrums.		I was about to give up on the whole jazz scene when I came upon Panthalassa. Track 1 of that CD (In a silent way/Shhh/Peaceful) is nice; smoothing out and grooving out Miles while staying true: say the purists.		If you love it remixed and electrofied (yes sir!) check out DJ Cam's tribute to "In a silent way".
1,On an episode of Seinfield that is probably overexposed enough as it is, the always wily and oh so goofy character of Kramer is playing a game of Risk and exclaims that the "Ukraine is weeeeak".  This causes him to get a thorough scolding and a little bit of trouble.  I think the same basic sentiments work with this New Order release.  It probably wasn't worth the ungodly long eight year wait although it produced the excellent "Rock The Shack" and of course "Crystal", which I'll get back to later.  Unlike Kramer I feel I can make this statement safely as I'm not dealing with a burly, alcohol swigging Ukranian, but New Order fans, which aren't the most intimidating bunch out there.  Keyboardist Gillian Gilbert is not here as she felt taking care of her kids is more important, which it is, maybe.  This album features the guitar of Billy Corgan, the frontman of the seminal 90's group Soundgarden.  Too bad they couldn't get Billy to collaborate five years earlier because at this point he was already full blown crazy, and wasn't writing very good material or really using his guitar, at all.  New Order also made the mistake of having Corgan to backing vocals.  Now a synth is high pitched and shrill enough, but to top that off with a Billy Corgan squealing like a pig cherry is probably not the best choice.  So...Someone Like You is more or less unlistenable.  It has some pretty terrible lyrics about how Bernard doesn't want to wash his car.  Now I can relate, I wouldn't want to wash my car in Britain since it rains all the time and would probably be an altogether futile affair, but this topic doesn't result in the most captivating and well-written material.  New Order occasionnally want to rawk out with guitars on this album, something they don't do very often, just like Van Morrison.  Now I'm not sure if I've heard a Van Morrison song but I've always figured it was a give that they rawk out with guitars.  Case in point of this `not so good of an idea rawking' is Rock The Shack.  Rock The Shack kind of sounds like New Order's take on someone commissioned to write an epic Gilligan's Island rock song, pretty amazing huh?  '60 Miles an Hour', `Primitive Notion', and `Close Range' all suffer from being a little too vanilla and a little too bland.  New Order have patches here where they sound like they might be suffering from the same middle-aged blandness that has crippled other 80's artist like Depeche Mode, The Cure, and Tears For Fears (who've actually always blown).  However, they do succeed fully well on two songs here.  There is `Crystal', which is truly an excellent rock song and show New Order can succeed with a harder guitar edge and is probably one of the two or three best songs of New Order's career from the 90's and beyond.  How this didn't get more airplay than it did is a mystery to me, because it has the alternative rock of today written all over it.  The other is Run Wild which is really a great little slow song, in the vein of `As It Is When It Was.  Probably New Order's only full-fledged ballad it serves as a fitting acoustic, moving ending to an otherwise disappointing album.  Get Ready is good beginning and end, just not end between.  Kind of like that movie Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me.
1,these dudes are ok
1,I always heared about little bobby dylan this, little bobby dylan is good that, you never will or did you ever hear sutphing like little bobby dylan?  no i did not and we'll prefer to call those the good old days.  I just hope he's reading this review because i have a fresh opinion and some pretty advice for him to hear (if he can after he done listened to his own self till he's deaf of hearin):  don't say it undaneath ya breff little bobby dylan.  sing it out like a loud and proud woming that you have become or that you maybe are.
1,I could NOT get past the constant tapping I was hearing in these recordings,it was terrible!! To top that off his tone was thin and too high in pitch for me! Stick with the Rostropovich recordings. If you don't believe my claims, then just compare these one after another.
1,I can't say I wasn't forewarned. I was hoping for better. I like Julio Iglesias' singing, but on Tango it just didn't work. Despite thumbs down from some tango-loving friends, I bought this one anyway hoping to find some merit in the music. Alas, it was not to be. I can't imagine what Iglesias was thinking when he foisted this one on us. Perhaps it was ego. I was amazed to find that instead of tango, I was assaulted by easy-listening, commercially-oriented pap that uses the same tried and true vocal and orchestral styles he uses with other recordings. He destroyed some real classics like La Cumparsita, A Media Luz, Yira Yira, El Choclo, the very political Cambalache, and one of my favorites, Discepolo's Uno.  Now perhaps this album is just fine for those who don't know anything about tango - it is pleasant- but it grates on the ears of the cognoscenti. I liken Iglesias' ridiculous attempt at singing tango to Pat Boone's equally ridiculous attempt at being a heavy metal star a few years ago. At least Boone's effort was tongue-in-cheek. Anibal Troilo was reputed to have said to his friend Astor Piazzolla upon listening to one of his compositions "Eso, pibe, no es tango". I say the same to Iglesias. I like Piazzolla about whom Troilo was mistaken and I generally like Iglesias but as for this album, no se lo recomiendo a nadie!
1,i really wanted to like this cd and gave it about 10 listens and it just hasn't worked for me.  it is a very very short 38 minutes of what can best be described as uneven songs.  the distortion sounds from the guitar are interesting at first but grow repetative and annoying with repeated listening.  the lyrics on some like Love and War are clasic NY but others are strange and simplisticly boring.  i was hoping and opraying for much more when i saw album was NY and guitar alone but sadly NY gave us what he has been providing for the last decade, crap.
1,I just did not like the cd
1,Nothing like the best James Gang, and nothing like the best Tommy Bolin. It's just OK. Sorry folks, I just can't recommend this one. Going into my seller bin.
1,Not  Bowie  Best....
1,When taking back sunday first hit the scene with their amazing album "tell all your friends", I had alotta respect for victory records. They had previous hits, like student ricks "soundtrack for a generation" and Thursdays "full colapse", current ones like tbs and the newly formed Armor for sleep (which quickly left to equal vision) and some hot prospects for the future. Sliverstein was NOT ONE OF THEM. I've since lost alot of that respect for victory in general for bands like hawthorne heights and atreyu, but silverstein takes the cake for terrible acts. When bands like poison the well, thrice and thursday came out, screamo was new and fresh, it was something unique that a few select underground kids at school would talk about while everyone around them was going on about eminem or linkin park. Now its just another money-making corporate sell-out genre, with a million and a half sound alike bands coming from both the big and small labels. Lemmie sum this up: They have no where near the amount of aggression as poison the well (and what little they have is Manufactured), the music isn't anywhere near as catchy as anything by saves the day (including "can't slow down"), and to even use thursday and silverstein in the same sentence is an insult to the entire genre.
1,No...	Let me put this another way since it's obvious that most people here would think their taste in music is great when they appear to only listen to metal and at least one other genre (most likely jazz and least likely rap). If you are a hardcore fan then you will probably love "Perserverence". It has intense guitar-riffs and throaty vocals. The songs shift from one to another quickly and it gets old very fast.	This is strictly for hardcore and metal fans. If you are anything else, don't bother.	And please: don't say that you would like to think you taste in music is great when all you listen to is heavy metal. Not to say these are bad tastes in music but it annoys me to hear narrow-minded folk profess themselves as open-minded.	Rating: n/a
1,SUCKS
1,i hate to be negative, especially about a very talented artist, but this album just sounded like he copied "collaborations" and just switched a few of the words. like "47 pop stars" it was just lame compared to the acappela "47 m.c.'s" from "collaborations" which was brilliant. there are a few good tracks, but i was dissapointed by the lack of creativity. hopefully K.J. will not try to follow what seemed to be a successful formula when he records his next album. COME ON K.J., I'VE HEARD YOU DO BETTER THAN THIS!
1,This album contains a couple of classic tunes marred by rather painful and dated synth sounds.  Punk Jazz heard elsewhere is great (ex. by Jaco Pastorius Big Band), but here I can barely tolerate it, simply because of the setting.  It's pretty 70's sounding...cheesy in the extreme by today's standards.  Somehow the other WReport in the Jaco years albums don't sound this bad.  Save this one for last....
1,The two Sonnys "bring it", but with each rapid-fire exchange of fours or every squealing high-note that Dizzy squeezes off during one of his solos, I just get a headache. Right off the bat, we get a vocal(!) from Dizzy that makes Sun Ra sound like a great singer, and then the album launches into the buzzing maelstrom of the tenor battle. This is more of a stunt than great music. As for Sonny Rollins, he seemed to have had a strangely schizophrenic career at this time, recording lasting works of art for Prestige, Blue Note and Contemporary, and then crossing the street to do hysterical recordings like this (or the Big Brass session) for Verve. As for Dizzy, he'd already made himself as irrelevant as Louis Armstrong at this point, riding his historical reputation (and wasting his considerable chops) through various all-star sessions. Maybe it would have been fun to see this particular tenor battle live -- Sonny Stitt is pretty impressive -- but, on record, this is a hard one to listen to all the way through to the end. It's like sitting through a 40-minute commercial break during the old Johnny Carson show.
1,A movie soundtrack for Stephen King's Maximum Overdrive. A Fair mix of AC/DC tunes. For the hardcore AC/DC collector only.
1,Now I usually don't give something one star because for me to give something one star it has to REALLY suck.  Heck, this is only my second review.  But Webbie manages to hit rock bottom with the release of his album Savage Life.  And for that matter I don't think you can live to be 18 like he says he is long enough to live a life like that.		But back to the album, you can really tell that Webbie's vocabulary skills are really limited with his constant usage of the b-word and the s-word in almost every bar he uses and his hooks.  Song titles don't get creative here with "G-S**t", "Gutta B", and the disgusting "Bad B".  And as if that song wasn't already bad enough he does a remix with Trina (now that sounds like a winning formula?).		Webbie is definatley describing himself on the song "Retarded", why anyone would make a song like that song is beyond me.  And "Gotta Show Me U Worth It" is a phrase I'm definatley going to.		So there has to be a bright spot here right?  Well I haven't even mentioned his single, "Give Me That", but trust me it's not good because of Webbie.  Bun-B is featured in it and he manages to shine nicely without the filthy mouth.  For that matter his verse is the only thing worth listening to on this whole CD if you haven't thrown it out the window by now.
1,I agree that this album was horrible. The recording was terrible, the male vocals were horrid and sounded distant, the instrumentals were mediocre, and the female vocals were definitely off in some parts. I took one listen and never listened again. Luckily though, I purchased their second album before ever hearing this one. The vocals are ten times better, there is- from what I could tell- a new male vocalist who is much better, the overall recorded sound is better and far less distant sounding, and the music is also improved. Skip this album and check out their second release.		And they aren't Nightwish wannabees in my opinion. The female vocalist's voice is just similar to Tarja's. Big deal.
1,Looking over the songlists for both Early Days and Latter Days, I am often baffled as to who these compilations are aimed at. (My 2 star rating is obviously more a criticism of the compilation than the music itself, which is 5 stars all the way).		So, are you an existing Zeppelin fan? Then chances are that you already have every one of these songs. There's nothing new or contraversial here. Certainly you should have all of Early Days (which comprises the hits from Led Zeppelin I-IV) and much of this CD.		If you don't own these tracks yet, you would be MUCH better off to invest in "Houses of the Holy" and "Physical Grafitti" INSTEAD. You'd get the first six (out of ten) tracks from Latter Days, as well as the inexplicably absent: "In My Time of Dying", "The Rain Song", "Over The Hills And Far Away", "D'yer Mak'er" and "The Ocean".		Are you just discovering Led Zeppelin? (If so, savour these first listens.) Or a casual fan who doesn't own any albums? DON'T START WITH THIS. Zeppelin is just not a "hot singles" band, you NEED to invest in a few full albums; I can guarantee that you won't regret it.		What albums SHOULD you start with?		The Most Essential:		Led Zeppelin I		Led Zeppelin IV		The Also Essential:		Led Zeppelin II		Houses of the Holy		The Very, Very, Very Good:		Physical Graffiti		BBC Sessions		There's obviously room for negotiation on which of those albums are "better" and given the depth of Zeppelin's catalogue you'd be hard-pressed to choose a best release. But, one thing I can say for sure is that any Zepp fan (new or old) is better served buying some of these albums rather than Early and/or Latter Days.
1,I had read all the reviews, the site then (Fall of 2009) had NO sound samples, and according to the reviews, and the TITLE, AND the COVER of the CD, seemed to me it was strongly intended as an Early Music style CD. (Early Music can be, and is often well played on modern, and folk instruments.)  Upon recieving and listening to the CD it clearly is not, the Halls DO NOT have an understanding of 'historical performance,' and so no idea where all the reviews got the idea this was a musical trip back to 14th and 15th centuries as most seem to rave about. AND only a fraction of the songs are from 'the Middle Ages' anyway, as the title clearly states, and the picture is very misleading!!! (And check out that new photo of the Halls now on the site below the CD picture!  Early Music?  We are certainly meant to think so...) My warning is that THIS IS NOT an Early Music CD as the title and cover picture and reviews imply.  Sorry I had thought it might be.  AND the Halls play rather out of tune (singing and recorder playing in particular) and represent perhaps folk/modern interpretations of the old music.  I did not enjoy the CD at all, dissagree entirely with all the reviews, feel this is perhaps my least favorite holiday CD of those I have heard, and not a very good CD at all.  I have completely rewritten my previous review because I have recieved extremely rude and very impolite comments from extremely rude and impolite people of questionalbe inteligence, and I want to exit entirely from the conversation. (Please go down and read the several comments from Ms. Eliezer, Too-much-Eggnog, Talking-through-her-HUGE-Hat, Ef-Off, Pennywhistler! AND amidst all her senseless griping she actually does agree that the CD is 'mediocre.'  Who is she?) I admit my review had been a tad strong (though truthful and accurate), but I WAS purposefully writing in the style similar to all the rave reviews (go read them, did they get the same CD that I recieved?  Who are THEY? Another reviewer actually guesses those are all freinds of the Halls!  What ever.).  Again, when I viewed the site a year and a half ago, there were NO sound samples; you now have them...you are on your own. (A test: Please go to tha above samples, and play 'Pat a pan.'  That is VERY out of tune, and is very rushed, as though played to a very fast 'click-beat' in their studio; if that does not offend your ears and/or you sense of music...go ahead...buy the CD!)  Bye! Best, D
1,Elvis Costello is a strange case. Like any talented artist he has chosen never to live off his strengths. This explains why over the last decades he has continuously produced alternations of excellent and disastrous records. Also anytime he choses to go more acoustic or country, it has not been his forte. Indeed the more simplistic musical approach makes his voice seem really whiny instead of angry. He has chosen to associate once more with T-Bone Burnett after what was already a disaster (King of America) and has chosen to go down the country route again. His first venture into country almost twenty years ago was a disaster and came after a splendid run of albums (my aim is true, this year's model etc). Do not get me wrong I loved both Costello and country but as I wrote, his voice was/is not suited to the ballady type of country. It does not matter if the music is splendidly played (it is here) but it does not suit his style or voice. Then anytime the record title has been associated with moods (almost blue, get happy etc) he does not seem to handle it that well for some reason. I am sorry to say so but despite all the efforts (and coffee) put into this record, Elvis Costello has not pulled it off...again...
1,There are a couple of songs that I wouldn't turn off if I heard them on the radio. But this is not even close to their best work.
1,Led Zep's radio hits, and of course Stairway to Heaven, are awesome.  Otherwise, their music just isn't my taste.
1,Good god!  All the songs sound exactly the same!  Is this dude related to the guys in AC/DC or something?  GONG!!!!  NEXT!!
1,Julieta Venegas has 2 great albums (her 1st 2 albums), but since te 3rd one (this is her 5th) she has been making esay and cheap kind of pop disguised with "cultrual" or "alternative" flavor... the real true is that is the same trashy music lyrically stupid and annoying		Is definitely true that when Julieta started to do easy listening songs for mainstream  selling herself as the new queen of "alternative mainstream pop" her musical aspirations have been lost.		This is just more of the same... more silly songs and bored..all the same trash that she is making since 2003, since her album SI.		This is NOT rock or something like that... is not even alternative pop... is just bad music.
1,Once again, we have been duped by the U2 money-making machine. I can't even think which omission is the worst: "The Fly" or "Lemon". Once again, I will list off my gripes:	1) The tracklist. A problem with their first best of, a big problem here, on both discs. First off, "Stuck in a Moment" is NOT deserving of a spot here by a longshot! The lyrics are touching, but it's FLUFF!! Nowhere near the power of "The Fly" or the glitz of "Lemon". "The Hands the Built America" is quite possibly the most bloodless song U2 has ever written. Bono himself admitted it was written for an Oscar exclusively, and it shows. Horrible choice to add this.	2) The new songs. "Electric Storm" I have no problem with, I think it's a wonderful song, the Orbit mix is especially promising. "...America" I have said enough about. But they don't fit the title! Both are from 2002, why are they on an album with songs from 1990 to 2000? I guess a compilation with no "Fly" or "Lemon" wouldn't have sold without the promise of new songs.	3) The new mixes. What was wrong with them in the first place?? I can appreciate the new mix for "Gone", closer to the live version from Elevation which is much meatier. The mix for "Staring at the Sun" just adds a bit more drums, and "Numb" doesn't seem to be any different at all. "Discoteque" however, is absolutely raped: whatever zing, whatever edge that song had on "Pop" is taken away here. I can't fathom anyone enjoying this new mix.	4) The B-sides. More a collection of mediocre dance mixes than actual B-sides. Where's "Salome"? What a waste of extra money.	That's not to say there's no redeeming factors in this album. After all, it has to warrant those two stars. And here's the reason why: the songs. Barring that it's missing big hits like "The Fly" and "Lemon", not to mention album highlights like "Ultraviolet", "Zooropa" "The Wanderer" (with Johnny Cash), "So Cruel", "Who's Gonna Ride Your Wild Horses", "Zoo Station" and "Mofo", it still contains some brilliant songs from this band who reinvented themselves so vitally for a new decade. I was especially pleased to see "Hold Me Thrill Me Kiss Me Kill Me" and "Miss Sarajevo" would be included: excellent songs that deserve to be heard. "The First Time", a slight song from "Zooropa" is also a surprise but welcome choice here.	So all in all, another decade that would be better served with your own burnt collection. Another money-making scam devised that doesn't really offer anything worth buying. Great band, great music, poor choice.
1,There's one thing worse than death for a true artist - it is to compromise his own legacy. Ozzy has done it with this album. There's no need to really go through it or explain why for everybody who has got the ears and familiar with other Ozzy albums  can easily judge/hear it for themselves. Ozzy, I'm a true fan of yours who could easily die for everything you had done with Sabbath or solo up to the "Ozzmosis". Just please don't release stuff like this again. We will always remember and admire you for "Blizzard of Ozz" or " Ultimate Sin". Just a side note for the producer - I wish I could meet this Kevin Churko guy and personally clean his ears with a screwdriver.
1,Why release this, when the definitive collection is available for a similar price, and contains more videos? Simple answer ... greed!	All they have done is add three videos not available on The definitive Collection DVD, and a 25 minute doco to drag you in.  But look closer, and you will see that two of the videos are not true videos:	Lay All Your Love on Me - this is nothing more than extracts from other ABBA videos.  ABBA never made an actual video for this song.	Dancing Queen 1992 - this is the original 1976 video re-edited with some extracts from other videos added. People should not expect anything new in this regard.	I Have a Dream - This english video may not be available on the Definitive Collection, but the Spanish version is included as an added bonus. Depends on how much you love the song.	The Doco - 25 minutes of stuff taken mostly from the documentary "The Winner Takes it all".	'ABBA GOLD' DVD is therefore an unnecessary purchase if you already own 'The Definitive Collection' DVD and 'The Winner Takes It All' DVD.
1,These guys are a joke. I would seriously check them out live or listen to a sample before spending my hard earned cash on this CD. Go listen to Primus if you want to hear original/interesting Claypool.
1,I bought this a long time ago thinking it was gonna be full of the usual heat Dr. Dre brings. I remember skimming through it thinking it was the worst purchase I ever made for an album. There is nothing but talentless no-name rappers and singers throughout and just forgettable tracks, one after another. There are only 3 songs out of 16 that are worth keeping and actually have replay value, I still enjoy them to this day. Of course it's because they sound like some effort was put into them by great rappers like KRS-One, Nas, King Tee and an actual song with Dr. Dre on it.		KEEPERS:		East Coast/West Coast Killas	Been There, Done That	Str8 Gone		Throw the rest in the garbage and press delete.
1,They are no good. The first 6 songs are terrible. I know 2 hits came off of this: "No Excuses", and "I Stay Away", but they stink as well as "Whales and Wasp". It's a shame that they rushed this out after breaking through big time with "Dirt", but I guess the label knew best. The best on here is "Swing On This". This is another bad memory of my first few months in FL.
1,I tell you after watching that masterpiece of a movie you find your self susceptable to buy anything you see. That's what happened to me here, and let me tell you i'm not a happy customer. These are some of the most boring songs i've ever heard. It's like they're taken straight out of a childrens movie. My life since purchasing this has gone down hill. Not only did my dog die, but my car was stolen just the other day. I write this review not to scare any of you away like this soundtrack is cursed or something, but... yes this album IS cursed. Stay away from it, and don't say I didn't warn you.
1,I like Blake Shelton; he seems like a decent guy.  I saw him on "Country's Family Reunion" a while back & he was effusive in his praise for the older artists in the room with him,  but this CD is one more example of an alleged country singer who swears his allegiance to George, Merle & other pillars of  country music & then produces an album of songs that bears absolutely no resemblance to anything any of them ever did.  The production on this CD is way over the top with walls of strings, synthesizers & drums.  Once again, let me repeat what I have said time & time - these folks can record & sing any music they want, but please out of respect for the people you swear allegiance to, do not call it country music.
1,I heard from a number of people that Amon Amarth were an excellent death metal band, so with that in mind, I though I'd try OSFTGH. What I hear, and it certainly seems I'm missing out on something, is sloppy musicianship and poor songwriting. Just because you have mead dripping from your beard, and you scream out lyrics that contain, no mercy, vengeance and "it's your time to die" does not mean you can create "authentic" Viking/metal. These idiots could definitely take lessons from: Enslaved, Manegarm, Falkenbach to name a few. Don't fall for the hype!!
1,Fair. Not nearly as good as her follow-up of Anticipation.
1,I love me some Kate Bush...but this album SUCKS!!!!  It is really depressing and really boring and too freaking weird even for KATE, it is sooooo boring.  I will not be listening to it a second time.  I think one would need to be on heavy drugs to enjoy this crap!!!!  It is one of the worst albums I have ever heard. People only like this crap because it's strange and weird....sometimes strange and weird is just plain BAD and LAME...like this album here.  50 words for CRAP (the worst, most dull and ugly lullaby ever)! There is even this horrid song where she just says numbers 1 thru 50...and some dude just says a word for snow after each number until they get to 50. So Freaking pretentious, lame, and absurd.	Update today is FEB 17th.  I have listened to the album a couple of more times.  It is NOW going in the trash.  It truly is the WORST album I have EVER heard. It makes me want to vomit.  I really can't stand this album.
1,did not like this dvd and would not reccomend to anyone that is a fan of this style of music, not Carters best for sure.
1,Buyer beware. This is a bootleg. This is not an official Apple or Beatles release. Proceed with caution & be sure to research before you purchase.
1,Sometimes it takes a while for music to grow on me. That was definitely true for the Get Up Kids. At first i thought they were kind of slow and boring. Now i love them. i still think some of their songs are boring but i absolutely adore several.	So obviously i bought this CD. And i've listened to it ~50 times. And i feel guilty saying this, but it's really rather boring. Tracks 3, 5 and 13 especially annoy me. i kind of like 4 and 12 and maybe 8 but overall, this is a slightly below average CD with some very unlikable tracks.	Everyone has their own taste, of course, and the people who like this CD seem to be the same ones who disliked On A Wire. My favorite Kid tracks are Red Letter Day (from Red Letter Day), Action and Action (Something to Write Home About), Anne Arbor (RLD; this one had to grow on me), Burned Bridges (Eudora), Don't Hate Me (4 Minute Mile) and Fall From Grace (On A Wire), Overdue (On A Wire; a little unusual for them, i probably like it because of the video) and Worst Idea (On A Wire). So i guess i was one of the ones who liked On A Wire and maybe this CD just wasn't meant for me. i'm glad others like it
1,Whatever this is, but verismo it definitely is not. Don't let the Netrebko PR machine fool you. I couldn't give my copy away as none of my classical music lovers friends wanted it, so I just donated it to a local charity. Feel sorry for whoever ends up owning it already.
1,Really is this the best they cld come up with? as usual theres one decent song then the rest is extremely avg . Will bon jovi fans buy anything , just make slipery when wet 2 !
1,I thought Dez was bored on the last album, but this one is a snoozer. Shizlist? Bring the Fight to the Floor? You Make Me Sick? A lot of these songs seen very half-hearted. I like DD but this one disappointed me.
1,1. Act a fool-from 2 fast 2 Furious  7/10	2. Beautiful-Pretty good actually 8/10	4. Air Force Ones-Okay good party beat 7/10	5. The Jump off-Where is Renee 4/10	6. Can't let you go-Sucks 4/10	7. Rock the Paty-he never raps 3/10	8. Where the hood at-Not here 2/10	9. Like a Pimp-like not your no underground legend You Suck 2/10	10. Neva Scared-Busta as of Late 4/10	11. Mesmerize-Come on Ja 3/10	12. Luv u Better-like 9/10	14. Work it-Hate Missy 2/10	15. Untouchable Benzino is very touchabble 1/10	Overall 56/150 37.33% wich is 1.5 Mics *^
1,Bad
1,I grew up in Southern California. The Offspring were my favorite band for well over a decade. I grew into metal, loved Metallica, Pantera, Megadeth, and all of the other great Thrash bands, but The Offspring always had a a special place in my musical tastes; I had bought Ignition on cassette from a friend when I was only in grade school, and loved every album that they've made because every single one had at least 4-5 solid songs that I wouldn't be ashamed of blasting on my car stereo. Smash was the first CD that I ever owned. I can't count the number of times I've played their songs on my car stereo, on my guitar, at home, when I streamcast. . . they were one of those bands that I thought I would never tire from.		Or so I thought. This album completely lacks the aggression, speed, hard riffs, and punk background that made their greatest songs great. I'm not talking about Pretty Fly or their other trendy songs, I'm talking about Bad Habit, Cool to hate, Kill the President, Americana, Mota, Pay the Man, The Noose is Falling, Come Out Swinging, and my personal favorite, Staring at the Sun. . . you long time fans know EXACTLY what I'm talking about. That sound and beat that made you band your head, get pumped up, and got your blood pumping. The songs that said "F--- YOU," and really embodied the basic tenants of punk. There is almost none of that on this album; they're not trying to dodge any bullets as they try to find their way through this mess of tracks. They manage to destroy the momentum of most song with terrible attempts at melodic choruses and horrible backup vocals. The only possible exceptions go to Hammerhead, You're Gonna Go Far Kid, and maybe Trust in You. The lyrics are so incredibly generic and terrible it amazes me. The thing that kills me about this album is that the three best songs on this album aren't nearly comparable to the best songs (or even the catchiest songs) on previous albums.		I don't know if it's Bob Rock, who I learned to hate from what he did to Metallica, I don't know if it's the loss of Ron Welty . . . I don't know what it is. All I know is that they're heading down a road of garbage, trendy music that's made for high schoolers with no damn taste. I'd have to agree with the previous reviewer, this sounds like a ton of over-produced garbage. All I know is that it just really sucks to see another one of the bands that I absolutely loved when I was younger go down a horrible path of mediocre "more mature" music, rather than stay true to their roots. At least Pennywise among a very small number of other bands has managed to hang on as one of the original punk acts that stayed original rather than devolving into a bunch of generic garbage. I seriously believe, despite their many successes with Sony/Columbia, that Offspring would be better off if they too had stuck with Epitaph.
1,This is a great concert. The problem is the way it was filmed. The concert was shot using film. Whenever the camera passes in front of one of the stage lights it leaves a huge streak across the picture that lasts for a few frames. Really annoying.
1,Now I have heard a few of the songs before I got the album, and I liked some of the stuff. So I bought the album, and all its doing now is collection dust. I love EILEEN'S SONG, but thats it. I have no clue about this DIGEE DIME song at all, what is it talking about?  Also I really  don't see any Christian message in the lyrics so I don't see why they call  themselves a Christian group. The album stinks...
1,O.K. I WENT TO WORK ONE DAY, AND FOUND THIS CD IN THE COMPUTER. I LOOKED AT IT AND IMMEDIATELY WENT HERE TO SEE WHAT KIND OF REVIEWS IT GOT BECAUSE IVE NEVER HEARD OF HIM. AFTER READING SEVERAL REVIEWS, I WAS EXCITED TO GET HOME AND LISTEN TO IT. WHEN THE FIRST SONF CAME ON, I THOUGHT "WOW, THIS IS REALLY GOOD! I CAN BELIEVE I GOT IT FOR FREE!" THEN THE NEXT SONG CAME ON, AND THE SONG AFTER THAT, AND I WAS WONDERING HOW MANY SONGS ARE GOING TO HAVE THE !!!EXACT!!! SAME DRUM BEAT. NOW, IM A DRUMMER IN A BAND, AND TO ME, THE MOST ANNOYING THING IN THE WORLD IS A BEAT THAT JUST STAYS CONSTANT FOR ONE SONG, LET ALONE EVERY SONG ON AN ENTIRE ALBUM. HOW CAN SO MANY PEOPLE NOT MENTION THAT, AND JUST RAVE ABOUT A CD THAT MIGHT AS WELL HAVE BEEN A SINGLE? THIS CD HAS NO ORIGIONALITY, NO TALENT BY WHOEVER PRODUCED IT, AND IS DOWN RIGHT IRRATATING TO LISTEN TO. ITS LIKE THE CD IS STUCK ON REPEAT OR SOMETHING. DAMN, NOT EVEN FOR FREE WOULD I RECOMMEND THIS CRAP. IF YOU WANT TO LISTEN TO THIS ARTIST, YOU ONLY NEED TO HEAR ONE SONG TO HAVE HEARD THEM ALL.... AND THATS SAD.
1,I really like Michael Bubl.  I think he is one of the most talented singers today with a fantastic and exciting musicality.  Unfortunately, this album comes across as just fluff.  First of all, the engineering of the recording makes everything sound electronic and processed, particularly the brass and strings.  The performances are tight, but this type of recorded sound is so grating and unnatural.		As to the material, I think Michael is really at his best when the voice speaks for itself.  This album is full of over-orchestrated, kitschy arrangements.  Cry Me a River is just bizarre.  The highlights for me are songs like "All of Me" and "Georgia."  The new songs aren't particularly memorable or as catchy as previous albums.		Less is more when it comes to great songs.  I really hope that Michael returns to the kind of arrangements and music where he invited the listener in and the natural beauty and musical talent spoke for itself.
1,it should have been 14 songs but it was only 10.
1,I never give low reviews to Rush releases since their music has always personally reached me since I became a fan in 1979. However, this latest attempt to squeeze more bucks from the fan base is beyond silly. Even the cover art is not creative enough to resemble anything associated with Rush. And how many times do we have to pay for these songs? If the music execs want to make some money, they could make the fans happy with some previously-unreleased live material, or hopped up remix of some vintage Rush. Beyond this post, I will not give Icon 2 the time of day.
1,So a couple years back there was a PUNK band called Blink 182 who brought out a pretty sweet album by the name of Cheshire Cat. Fast forward a couple of years and they've transformed into a pop/boy band, the only difference being they have some guitars and a drum set. Along the way somewhere they decided to trade in their musical integrity for money. These guys are the ultimate sellouts and their sound proves it. They are now a broken record playing high school hijinx, girlfriends and potty humour over and over and... Do yourself a favour and don't buy this album, and if you like the sound buy Enema of the State, it's pretty much the same thing.
1,When I first got turned on to Life of Agony, It was during the grunge era, when heavy music was almost wiped off the face of the earth. I was hungry for powerful metal. Along came River Runs Red. This was a very powerful album with crushing rhythms, powerful vocals, and the thrash standard unison shouting. My anticpation grew until finally Ugly was realeased. I bought Ugly the day it came out and sampled it with my friend who also loved River Runs Red. Dissapointment. Ugly just did not have any power. It is not a bad album, but it didn't have the energy or songs like Through and Through or River Runs Red. I only listended to the album twice, and it sat on my shelf for two years before I traded it in. I will always keep River Runs Red
1,The worst album they have.
1,...But I'll say it anyway: WTF?? I'm hesitant to join the mass chorus of fans ready to dance on Duran Duran's grave with this obnoxious release, but come on, "Flicky Flicky Flicky"?  Say it, Seth Meyer:  Really?!?
1,I'm a huge McCartney fan, having own the whole Beatles, Wings and his solo catalogue until "Flowers In The Dirt". But this is.....this is just NOT Macca !! I've been searching for this rare item for years, and when I got hold of it, I was flat out disappointed. This is not even Paul himself. He had no part in this, except providing the songs and producing this load of instrumentals. As the CD jacket does not reveal any musician credits, I assume he did not play any instrument nor sing in this album. Though I must admit that the instrumentals are kinda interesting, not bad.....but no point adding to your Macca collection.
1,CD let me down, worst Stylistic CD I have ever heard. Do not purchase this CD.
1,Very secular
1,DEAD!DEAD!DEAD! DEAD SHOW sorry but the misfits we all knew and love are not officially DEAD NOT ALIVE DEAD!!	THIS SAD LIVE DISPLAY WILL MAKE YOU CRAWL TO YOUR GRAVE NOT GET UP AND SCREAM AND DANCE AT A SHOW.THEY HAVE LOST THE DRIVEING FORCE THAT MADE THEM REANIMATEDIBLE FROM THE 80'S TO THE 90' AND STILL GROW AND THRIVE BIGGER & BETTER THAN THE CLASSIC ERA,BUT THIS IN THE NAIL IN THE COFFIN JERRY HOLD THE ONLY GLIMMER OF LIGHT LEFT IN THE BAND. TOO LITTLE TOO LATE, MISFITS ARE DEAD!
1,When I saw album cover, looked like a B rate band.  Then I found out that Vinnie Moore was the guitar player and ordered without hesitation.  I may have pressed the order button too soon.  Vinnie Moore is by far one of the best guitarists in the world.  I am not saying that the singer is not good, just not my style.  The recording is kinda muffled and just does not have a bright crisp sound.  The band does not have much to say and overall, I was left with "eh".  I will have to go back and keep listening to my Vinnie Moore solo CDs for now.
1,I bought this CD because I love Destiny's Child but this is a tired selection of so called remixes.
1,The album does not flow very well.  There are some good songs, then there are some bad songs.  I've only listened to this CD a handful of times since purchasing it several months ago.  But I can't get into it.		Sorry for the poor review.
1,Almost 15 years after its release, I still struggle to get past the horrible sound of this record coming out of my stereo... No! I am not an evangelist! I am, however, a BIGGGGG Ozzy fan, and therefore, a disappointed fan as far as this record is concerned... where to begin? How about the lack of songs, and I mean REALLY GOOD songs... just listen to previous "Bark at the Moon" (just about any song off that record) and then listen "Thank god for the bomb"... c'mon!!! "killer of giants" sounds like a sad reworking of "Revelation(Mother Earth)", "Fool like you" ruins the whole thing at the end, "Never" never gets anywhere... The only song I really like is "Shot in the dark", while "the ultimate sin" and "secret loser" are barely decent... This is a typical example of what a friend of mine accurately calls "Filthy Glam". You think I am full of...? Stop for a moment and ask yourself: how many songs off this record are still in the live set of the old man? I rest my case.
1,The performances are good, but they are recorded with an obtrusively prominent harpsichord continuo that ruins the overall effect. The sound is typically poor Telarc; cold and thin. I'll never understand why anyone thinks this label has good engineering. Then again, I'm a believer in the warm,spacious sound of analog masters. Digital sound has gotten better as the bit rate of the master recordings has increased, but these were recorded in the dark ages of early DDD.
1,Remastered, original, updated, it really doesn't matter.  This is NOT a Pink Floyd album.  It a pretentious, pompous exercise of megalomaniacal, masturbatory fantasy  by one Roger Waters.  Turning a decent phrase from time to time does not make one Bob Dylan or John Lennon.  Waters did his worst to make sure that Richard Wright was excluded from the Floyd.  Wright was the soul of the sound of the Floyd.  Listen to the final Pink Floyd Album which is largely instrumental.  Wright's wonderfully simplistic lines weave magic that soothes the weary traveler.  The sole vocal track is entitled, "Louder Than Words."  Waters should take the critique to heart.
1,I lost faith in this band, and that loss started with "Train of Thought" and ends with "Octavarium." This album represents everything that is currently wrong with progressive metal in my opinion. It sounds like recycled music from other albums that didn't quite make it to albums. They should've instead released this album as B-Sides from other albums. I would like to think that, but no this a STUDIO album from Dream Theater. Everything sounds like it's played by a completely different band. It's kind like "Okay, Dream Theater has left the studio, so the DT cover band is ready to record now." Dream Theater's worst album to date. The music lacks heart, devotion, angst, and for crying out loud what is with all the singing coming from James LaBrie? They need to get rid of him. He's a bad influence and that's becoming more evident after hearing this crappy album.		I also want to say that this band was once upon a time an incredible band that let the music overshadow everything including the vocals. James LaBrie's vocals in the past were limited for a reason. The band doesn't need him, but after hearing this album, I've come to the conclusion that "Octavarium" marks the end of the bands innovation and creativity. What a waste of time and money!
1,I am amazed that this is the same band that made "is this room getting smaller". I was really looking forward to hearing this self-titled offering when I heard of it's release. I gave it a good handful of listens, while trying to keep an open mind. After all, I owe it to them after such a stellar previous effort. Unfortunately this record is so terrible in so many ways, I just can't enjoy it. The lyrics are awful, and even the way Jasan sings everything, almost sounds like they are trying to appeal to more of an emo audience. My advice is if you want to sing about morning kisses, and relationships... start a solo project. Don't ruin a good bands name. I am guessing there are alot of dissapointed fans. This is radio-friendly garbage. I can't figure out what these guys were thinking. Jasan, sing like a man. Please! Where is the passion that was present before?
1,INCREDIBLY DISAPPOINTING. I thought for a while that after touring with Genesis revisited Mr. Hackett would have been influenced by some of the charm. Boy was I wrong. This is an overly produced in your face formula that really has me mad at the guy. Listen as a Hackett fan I really, really want to like this release BUT I DON'T. I think I'll go back to listening to Steve Wilson to get my bearings again. If you still want to buy, I suggest you spend a few extra bucks and get the Blue Ray edition, it's got pretty pictures.
1,Chingy go hang yourself. Please. I swear this cd sets African Americnas back 50 years. Any female rapper could shut you up, your flow sucks, your lyrics make me sick and please go back to English and learn the language.. Right Thurrr? ok hold on  :throws up on the keyboard:
1,Man, what happened to these guys.  The same who broke into the hip hop scene with They Want Efx, not to mention the whole Dead Serious album back in 92, these are mc's who are now rappin with Sean Paul?  What, you can't be serious.  And talking all about money, just doesn't settle for me.  They needed to go all rugged but fun like back in Straight up Sewaside, and Dead Serious.  Aww, those were the days.  Straight up pure bangin beats, and the passionate lyrics they seem to have forgotten.  I mean come on, Let's Get Money, East Coast Hustlaz, Full Tyme Hustlaz, what is this?  I picture Master P with his stupid Gold Grill smiling aways on a cover with titles like this, but not the diggity das.  Damn, what happened to these guys?
1,i always thought the singing in this band was a little weird, but i eventually started to cherish Goodbye To The Gallows, but this cd destroys any expectations of it being a decent cd... for starters, they have Kurt Angle on the cover, so i already knew it was a bad cd because he is one of the worst wrestlers in history, and i despise him... secondly, the music isn't catchy or good at all, unlike Goodbye To The Gallows... i have no idea what this band was thinking... they have destroyed their career and i hope they break up or something...
1,Throwing Muses' second album HOUSE TORNADO...you might remember it from the first time it came out, when it was eponymously titled THROWING MUSES.	But seriously, HOUSE TORNADO is just a rehash of the Muses' first album. The same eccentic vocals, wailing guitars, and odd time signatures are here. However, HOUSE TORNADO is of significantly lower quality than the first album. David Narcizo's drumming is often astoundingly great, but the songs are not written to emphasize it and it disappears quite a bit in the poor production. Kristin Hersh's bizzare lyrics, said to come from a form of bipolar disorder in which she suffered hallucinations, are simply disturbing in this album. I'm not saying the first album had comprehensible lyrics, "Vicky's Box" was pretty inexplicable, but at least on the first album most of the tracks made sense in a subtle sort of way.	If you were going to purchase this album, I would suggest getting the import version, which comes with different artwork than the U.S. version. The import version was designed by Vaughan Oliver, called the greatest British designer of the past 20 years, and his firm v23. It features watercolours and collages by Shinro Otake. It's much more pleasing than the rather bland artwork on the U.S. edition by Reprise. This import version also includes "The Fat Skier" EP, although it is virtually indistinguishable from HOUSE TORNADO.	Bottom line: if you've never heard Throwing Muses before, get IN A DOGHOUSE, which is a Rykodisc two-CD compilation of their first album, the Chains Changed EP, their demo tape to 4AD, and several old Muses songs recorded again by Kristin Hersh in the mid-90's. That is some brilliant music. I frankly can't find a reason to recommend HOUSE TORNADO, unless you're a 4AD collector like myself, but in that case you wouldn't even need this review.
1,This is probably the worst album I have ever bought, I was bored stiff through the whole thing.  I expected to get some good meditation music like the gyouto monks but this thing is terrible.  somebody blasting some kind of horn that really scared away the birds for good.  I just want someone to think twice about purchasing this album and save yourself the money. Go with the gyouto monks.  Peter Horak
1,I don't care how successful Tiesto may seem from the outside, truth is the quality of music has taken a back seat for the worst and the troubling fact is that his current fan base continues to decline as his own music. Read the comments and realize how retarded they sound, as if coming from 13 year old kids who not only can't spell but offer no real insight as to why they think the album is great besides a simple "Wohooo welcome to stockholm everyone and yep he did it again" I cant bash Tiesto for not producing the type of music i enjoy, he simply isn't that type of quality producer, actually I even question whether he has ever produced his own music. Have you ever seen him in his own studio on Future Music? NO! Have you ever seen him in ANY youtube video producing music or a tutorial with him in the studio? NO! Besides an ancient Greek video produced way back in 2003 on another day at the office, fact is Tiesto pays people to produce his music and garbage at that.	Go to In search of sunrise 11 by Richard Durand and realize what a real review look like by PDX and compare what these teenage brats have to say here, its sickening.	As for the music, i burned it from my MOG subscription and really couldn't fathom getting past the 4th song. Besides the fact that hardstyle techno is simply not for me, I won't base my review on that but rather that every song sounds absolutely idententical, same leads, riffs and basslines and near identical vocals on everything. No gambles, no Risks and no creativity were taken upon completion of this record. The intro sounds exactly like Vol. 2 Miami and the mixing is nowhere near what he used to put out specifically on ISOS 4. I almost feel this guy is an imposter, a mere shell of the DJ he used to be back then. However Tiesto will continue to be selling out shows and albums for the same reason people continue to buy outdated devices like the Iphone, IGNORANCE! Its all about the system and business he has in place. Make people believe he produces his own music, travel the world put your hands up in the air for 2 hours collect thousands and do it again the next day in a different country to clueless people. He has figured it out and i have to respect him for getting the best out of his fans and the system, he found a way to beat it and you cant hate on a guy like that. However his music is a different story!
1,After the power-punch return to melodic metal rock with 1984's `<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Animalize/dp/B00000AF95/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Animalize</a>', and the recruitment of yet another lead guitarist in Bruce Kulick (who would stay til they once more donned their make-up 12 years later), Kiss's 1985 album, `Asylum', proved a pretty lackluster offering.		Paul Stanley produced the album. But without the powerful drum sounds captured by producer Michael James Jackson on `<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Creatures-of-the-Night/dp/B000001ELR/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Creatures of the Night</a>' and `Animalize', the original mix sounds very thin (though, the 1998 remaster gives it some much needed oomph). The band returned to co-writing with one another on much of it, but the results are generally weak and on the pop rock side of things. Even input on six out of the ten tracks from staple 80s and 90s hitmaker, Desmond Child, fails to produce results. Paul Stanley's `Tears Are Falling' is the only standout. The opening `King of the Mountain' is reasonable, but would have sounded far better with heavier production. The rest are on the puerile side (`Uh! All Night' etc), sounding very much in the vein of the crop of weak-kneed 80s US pop metal hair bands at the time.		The over-riding sense you get from `Asylum' is that the contract required it and the band wasn't really committed.
1,My goodness; I'm pretty open minded when it comes to music, so when I saw this CD, I decided to try it out.  It's one of the worst things I've heard in a long time!  I could live with the music.  But can you get any more stupid with the words?!  Apparantly no effort was made to make the lyrics even half way inteligent.  Yeah, they rhyme.  That's about all you can say about it.  Save your money.  If you really want to try it out, check your local library so you don't have to waste your money on this piece of crap.
1,Buyer beware!		This is without question a "must have" album for every serious rock-and-roll CD library but - omg - do *not* spend even one penny buying the old, original version of this CD unless (1) you already have the 2001 digitally remastered edition and (2) have somehow cultivated a need to know the difference between the two.		The sonics of the original "Bat Out Of Hell" CD is unlistenably pathetic, brittle, and harsh - most likely due to the use of p**s poor source tapes and equalization intended for producing vinyl LPs - not CDs - a common practice in the 1980s when CDs were rushed to market in order to meet the public's demand for digital versions of its favourite recordings - after all, digital is better, right?  Not necessarily - and *definitely* not in the case of this classic album.		I was *so* glad to finally see this album reissued in digitally remastered form (with 2 bonus tracks) in 2001.  I keep my old, original CD around though as a prime reminder of how far the music industry will go to sell utter (...) at full price to blindly faithful, unsuspecting people every time a new audio technology appears with a reputation of being the best that's ever been.		As for the *music* contained herein, you'll be hard-pressed to find anything better.  ***** (5 stars easy)
1,first off the lovin spoonful on amazon are all just best of cds they have about 2 original albums that sell for about 7 bucks each. the only two good songs on here are do you belive in magic and summer in the city besides that though just 2 minute love songs that get incredibly annoying plus do these guys need ANOTHER greatest hits... This one is another one of those old hits cds that are out of print because no one buys the stuff plus the cds only 25 minutes(my version has 10 tracks) thats it...	2/5 stars
1,this was the first cd I got back in 6th grade, and boy did I think it was funny.  I mean, the guy sings the "f-word" about 50+ times in one song, so whats not to like, right? well, other than the fact that I "grew up" and listened to better music later on, this isn't that bad.  well, unless you are older than a 6th grader.  then it sucks.  and boy, this album sucks.  basically everything wrong with music today can be traced to this album.  its that bad.  its funny as heck, but this is terrible music.  it is worth a novelty listen if you want to be cracked up a bit, but other then that its garbage.  and Fred Durst trying to do slower emotional songs at the end is just a complete joke.  avoid this cd and their others like the plague.
1,A few years ago, Belle & Sebastian front man Stuart Murdoch had an idea about recruiting female singers via online competitions and newsagent windows to participate in the recording of a concept album.  The concept revolved around a girl growing up in Scotland who ends up becoming hospitalized due to a mental breakdown.  The end result of the competition and recording became the God Help The Girl project that basically sounds like Belle & Sebastian minus male vocals on the majority of tracks.		"God Help The Girl" although an interesting side project on paper, falls flat with its delivery.  The songs aren't top-notch Belle & Sebastian material, which leads me to believe that rather than churn a b-sides compilation out; Murdoch opted to turn these tunes into a separate project.  Belle & Sebastian's participation and performance on this album is fine however most of the songs would sound better if they had a male vocal attached to the lead.  As a matter of fact, the two best songs on this record feature Murdoch contributing on "Hiding Neath My Umbrella" and "Pretty Eve In The Tub."  On the same note, Neil Hannon's contribution "Perfection as a Helper" feels like David Bowie lite, there's no bite to the lyrics or music that sways in its mediocrity.		I suppose the diehard Belle & Sebastian fans will want to check this out.  Everyone else will have to wait until the next official release as this is merely a stopgap.
1,another female singer with no voice		3 or 4 cuts with nice beats
1,As Shakira released her English album Laundry Service in 2001, the hip-shaking youngster rocketed to international stardom due to the monster hits of Whenever, Wherever, Underneath Your Clothes and Objection (Tango). The perfect fusion of contemporary pop/rock and Latino rhymes proved to be the formula which distinguished Shakira from the average pop star. In 2005, her latest album Oral Fixation Vol. 2 was released to diverse reactions. The record buying public did not seem enthusiastic of the lacklustre single Don't Bother and Oral Fixation Vol. 2 could easily have ended its days in the bargin bin. However, thanks to the re-release of the album which includes the gigantic hit single Hips Don't Lie, Oral Fixation Vol. 2 assured Shakira a successful album. So how good is Oral Fixation Vol. 2 really? Is it as good as Hips Don't Lie indicates? Or is it simply a dull affair?		The album opens with the rocky How Do You Do, questioning how someone is able to function despite the harm they have caused. While How Do You Do is appealing, the tune develops into a homogeneous offering. The arrangement seems too weighty and a softer melody would have done wonders for the song. The slightly vague first single Don't Bother did not help generate substantial success for Oral Fixation Vol. 2. In fact, despite its contagious melody, the tune is simply too weak for a first single which main function is to introduce the album to the public. A better choice would perhaps have been Animal Farm which seems more representative of Oral Fixation Vol. 2. Yet the primary setback with Oral Fixation Vol. 2 is the lack of good songs. Besides Hips Don't Lie and La Tortura, there are no instantaneous hits on the album. Indisputably, several of the songs are pleasurable e.g. the susceptible Illegal featuring Santana depicts a fragile Shakira, singing of loss and deceive. It is a tale of a woman having been betrayed by her lover. The Depeche Mode-esque Timor showcases Shakira experimenting with new sounds, while Dreams for Plans reveals a lovely melody which functions quite well with Shakira's poignant voice. Yet despite several enjoyable tunes, the overall impression of Oral Fixation Vol. 2 is a mixed affair. On the whole, the melodies and lyrics are feeble - in other words, they are mediocre at best. Hips Don't Lie is, for myself, the path Shakira should strive towards - the fusion between South America rhymes and modern pop, yet Oral Fixation Vol. 2 seems to pull in a dissimilar direction. I respect artists who wish to experiment with different sounds, yet in this case I don't think Shakira is capable of doing so.		Oral Fixation Vol. 2 contains the dazzling Hips Don't Lie and La Tortura which are, undoubtedly, the best tracks on the album. If you buy Oral Fixation Vol. 2 in the hope of hearing comparable songs to Hips Don't Lie, you will be severely disappointed. I would advise people, if possible, to listen to the album before purchasing it in order to pass their own judgement and avoiding being disappointed by the result.
1,One of the worst moves that "The Mummy Returns" makes is not bringing back the composer of the first movie's score, Jerry Goldsmith, who spun a masterful creation combining romance and old-fashioned action with chills and thrills. His music played a big role in the first movie's success, so it is no surprise that the second movie, which hired Alan Silvestri to compose the score, fails in terms of generating emotion through the music. Silvestri is a wonderful score composer, but this score fails to bring much to the overall film.
1,An 'okay' 1999 release by Uriah Heep. Not really so bad, just too generic sounding, I thought. All I can say is that hardcore Heep fans would likely get more out of this CD than I did. Decent cuts here to check out are "I Hear Voices", "Perfect Little Heart", the progressive-like "In The Moment" (almost sounds like Asia) and the uptempo "Everything In Life". I got to see Uriah Heep play just once, on their 'Different World' tour. Guess they don't tour the states like they once did. I'd still go see them play just to hear the classics. I'm sure I'm not alone on that.
1,This is the album that after a long love affair, made me come to terms with my relationship ..............yep honey, I just have to move on!!! If this appeals to a new audience that's great BUT it ain't for me.
1,Still looking for the 12 inch of Run away.
1,You know how sometimes an artist will come out with an album that the critics suggest is merely a self-parodic gesture, a give-the-people-what-they-want work?  The Rolling Stone magazine review of Bloodflowers by the Cure comes to mind. Well, Mule Variations is just such an album.  This is the sound of Tom Waits coasting.  This is Tom Waits giving the people what he thinks they expect from him.  On this album you've got a little bit of everything that people have come to associate with Waits, but none of it done as well as in earlier days.  You've got the depressing country songs, the "Going Out West-"type song, the screeching nonsense.  The only thing missing is the big band stuff.  None of it is done with the same panache and creativity as on previous albums. It's just a make-time album, the act of a man bored with his own career.
1,For a short time in 1995 there was a slight chance that the Beach Boys were really going to make another Brian Wilson produced disc.  The band demoed fairly strong Brian Wilson - Andy Paley tracks, such as "Soul Searchin'" and "Still A Mystery".  Brian and Mike Love told Entertainment Weekly that they were writing new music.  It was a time of hope for the devoted.	Unfortunately, The Beach Boys opted for the safe route: instead of taking a risk and creating something new, they lent themselves out as backing vocalists for this sanitized and unsatisfying country effort.	Obvious song selection and merely average production are only two of the problems that I have with STARS & STRIPES.  The sad fact is that The Beach Boys are simply better vocalists than many of the cookie-cutter country artists that they back on this lackluster affair.  Sure, some tracks are listenable, but they could be the work of any competent cover band.  Certainly, The Beach Boys had their share of flawed moments throughout their checkered recording career, but there was always still something of their intrinsic character in these noble (and occasionally, ignoble) failures.	This is not the case on STARS & STRIPES.  For me, there is nothing distinctive on this disc that makes these bland tracks worthy of a place in the Beach Boys canon.  It's sad, but STARS & STRIPES comes across not as a fully realized Beach Boys release, but more as Beach Boys' related product.	Note: I do savor the full group vocals on Timothy B. Schmidt's (and Jimmy Webb's) "Caroline, No" - the stunning coda to this version always makes me wonder if I would actually enjoy this CD more w/o the lead vocals.	Note 2: Seek out the "making of"  video documentary for the wonderful and spontaneous moments that showed the Boys (especially Brian and Mike) with their guard down.
1,WARNING! This, and all the vinyl issues credited to "High Horse Records" are, in fact, just old stock cutouts/overstocks, with the old barcode covered over. Some are even re-wrapped. These are NOT reissues, not 180g, not remastered or anything else. Just old dusty stock sold off at inflated prices.		If that's what you want, go for it. But know what you're getting for your money.
1,After Confessions things have fallen down hill at a fast pace..Hard Candy was painful on the ears. This record is a little better but still full of poor lyrics and seems to go nowhere. Someone needs to remind her that she's white. This rap crap shes doing is extremely embarassing on her part.
1,Some people wonder if Big Tymers are good rappers. Well...they're producers. Does that answer your question?	Okay, maybe that's not entirely fair. I can tell Baby and Mannie tried harder to be taken seriously as rappers this time around, but the results are still disgraceful, although Mannie is a better rapper than Baby (but not by much). Songs like the leadoff single "Still Fly" and "Big" need serious rewrites, while "Hello" is so bad that I couldn't even listen to it all in one sitting. Of course there are tracks that have them talking about the usual bling-blingin' ("Still Fly", "Oh Yeah!"), but surprisingly they're not in abundance here. But don't heave sighs of relief just yet. Rather than talking about flossin', they switch to graphic sex songs like "Gimme Some" and "I'm Comin'". There is a generic update to "#1 Stunna" called "#1" (really creative title, isn't it?) as well as "Lil Mama", which addresses the problems and outcomes of teenage sex. It's a good message, but they just don't tell it right.	We can't actually blame Big Tymers for trying to come hard on their own, because they really had no choice. After all, Juvenile left, and everyone else just disappeared. Actually, they don't actually do it all on their own. Several of the tracks feature crooning from TQ, and although he's a good singer, the things he says aren't exactly mind-blowing. There are also several of those cheesy radio station skits featuring a DJ named Greg Street, who could be the underground's answer to DJ Clue? (like we need another one of those). You can tell the skits are supposed to be funny, but they are NOT.	Production on this album is very dismal also. Songs like "Hello" and "Pimpin'" feature music too calm and mellow for rap. And when they actually DO come through on the beats, you'll easily notice they're the same beats from songs like "Get Your Roll On" and "I Need A Hot Girl".	In the end, this album was very poorly done. I would say stick to producing, but I don't even know about that any more. Big Tymers DON'T got that work.
1,in a 2009 article Bob Ludwig stated "People talk about downloads hurting record sales, I and some other people would submit that another thing that is hurting record sales these days is the fact that they are so compressed that the ear just gets tired of it. When you're through listening to a whole album of this highly compressed music, your ear is fatigued. You may have enjoyed the music but you don't really feel like going back and listening to it again. It's been really rough, folks, But it can get better and I think it will get better. I'm glad it's going to be over."		This is the same guy who's remastered this version of 'Nevermind' 2 years later to the very same loudness war standard he has criticised and seemed to suggest was reversing.		All the dynamic range on this classic album is gone. Which means there's no punch to the music, every song stays the same volume throughout so when a chorus kicks in it doesn't get louder than the verse and lift the song.		From what i've read over the years, Kurt loved using the quiet verse LOUD chorus technique, so for a band that was obviously about dynamics it's baffling that this remaster even made it onto a commercially available CD/download. A whole new generation of Nirvana fans are going to be robbed of the way this album should really sound as mastered dynamically in 1991 by Howie Weinberg.		UMG don't care, they just want your money, but that's ok, you don't have to give it to them, no matter how big a Nirvana fan you are, you can download the extra content for free 'illegally' after all they're offering you an inferior 'new' product when your original copy of Nevermind sounds perfect -- you just have to use that thing known as a volume knob or volume buttons.		"All the kids will eat it up, if it's packaged properly".
1,Frankly, it's all very boring. The lyrics are no better, he writes about gnomes, trolls, dark elves and evil forests. It's obvious the guy played D & D (Dungeons & Dragons ) in the early 80's and probably has an oujia board in his closet. His voice is excruciatingly annoying, he whines through all the songs and then there are the corny guitar solos that make me want to puke. On one song they are even bold enough to add keyboards like a bunch of other crap 80's metal bands that didn't know where to go music wise. Most metal heads think this junk is classic but its not worth your time, that is, if you are a truly sane person.
1,In my humble opinion this is one of Keb Mo's weakest releases. The production is very slick and does not lend itself well to his usual downhome, bluesy style. I've listened to it multiple times to see if maybe it catches on with me and it has not at all. If you are looking for more of a main stream approach then this may be for you, but it's not for me.
1,<div id="video-block-R3TEH4D5TAA1W9" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81-YxTvaNtS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/9119GBJf1AS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Don't get me wrong, I absolutely love the music of this record. My two star review is for how warped the record was when it arrived. The music still plays so that's good. I'm just surprised, especially because I purchased it new, at full price, and not used.
1,Wonderful music sounding bad ..As other reviewers say .. this is a  rip from vinyl , and not a good one at that .VERY bad fidelity and distortion on tracks .. I had to get rid of this one .buyer BEWARE ."Lemon Records" .. may give you a clue .
1,I LIKE THIS CD HAD A LOT OF GOOD SONGS CLUB PEOPLE LOVE AT ALL AGES SO IF YOU NEED OR WANT THESE SONG'S OR ONE SONG GET IT OR JUST WRIGHT DOWN THE NAMES AND LOOK FOR THEM ON THERE SOLO LP OR CD GOOD HUNTING !
1,As the first notes of ""Shakes in Your Mouth"" and ""Say Goodbye"" wrong through my speakers, there's one band that comes to mind immediately: As I Lay Dying.  These guys are performing a style of Gothenburg hardcore made famous over here in the States by As I Lay Dying.  In fact, it would be tough to say that there is much of anything separating the two bands save the few thousand miles between Australia and America.		Slow beatdown sections, fast paced Gothenburg riffs that sound eerily like In Flames/At The Gates b-sides and clean vocals that tie back to the aforementioned As I Lay Dying sum up what this band is about.  It gets so bad that ""The Deepest Sleep"" sounds like it could be a cover of an As I Lay Dying song.		Skip it.		For Fans of:  As I Lay Dying, In Flames, Killswitch Engage
1,Linkin Park and this whole entire nu metal genre (except godsmack and tool) is the worst genre and band ever	in the history of rock music, I Have blame nirvana for this american downfall and I Wanna thank kurt nobrain	you have given this stupid band any credit for influence this crap of filth we have to put up with today.	this cd sucks and should be thrown right in the trash	where it belongs	Linkin Park is so awful it makes jon bon jovi look	like like saddam hussein.	Big Thumbs Down for me.
1,Crazy In Love and Bonnie and Clyde were so promising. Seeing as Beyonce is also the member of Destiny's Child to be home to the group's strongest voice, it seems a little wrong that she doesn't think up of some better tunes than this.	Baby Boy with Sean Paul is great along with the 2 aforementioned tracks but aside from that this bowl of conflakes is a load of tosh.	Sorry Beyonce. Better luck next time eh?
1,Sounds from the samples like a poorboys whitesnake. Riffs aren't as catchy as Rainbow and the singer wants to be David Coverdale. I'd rather pull out Whitesnakes Saints n Sinners album than listen to this overproduced uncreative hard rock	mush thats been there done that and no "Voodoo goin on. Time for some Rainbow "Difficult to Cure or Whitesnakes "Slip of the tongue album.
1,Emeinem hasn't came out with anything in a while. I thought this cd was ok. I thought was way to overplayed and generic. My sister and me won a drawing at best buy and I bought this cd with the gift card. I listened to it and thought it was kind of boring. I never thought Emeinem was that good to me. He just seemed really trashy, and his hooks were weak. Compared to alot of other black rappers. I do think he's came out with better stuff now. Toy soldier was pretty good. I really like his cover of Martika's Song, and it is my 2nd favorite Emeinem song. I thought it was daring bold and different. The children singing gave me chills,and the video has a great message.
1,Another confused redneck... Once you do a song with a piece		of crap like Hank Williams Jr you lose any credibility that		you might have had. Had a mixed kid with a black stripper but		is obviousally very screwed in the head. Any decent black women		wouldn't lay down with trash like this guy. His voice and		lyrics are horrible.
1,"From the heart to the heart," Beethoven said of his own music. So what would he say to the mannered exercise in calculated understatement and preciosity offered here as his Violin Sonata, Op. 96 in G?		There may be those who find refreshment in hearing great music rendered as pattern, stripped of heartfelt expression and spontaneity. I take such to be what another reviewer here terms "the Romantic Tradition," which he appears only too happy to be rid of. Really, now, let's have no more of those old-fashioned, irrelevant geezers, those Szigetis and Menuhins, who labored under the pre-postmodern delusion that there were spiritual truths beneath the surfaces of things and that it was their task to find and communicate them! The present musicians "intellectualize" the music, want to do "something different" with it (or to it). Given that premise, they can be said to succeed. But is doing something different in itself a worthwhile goal?		The rest of this recital is interesting, and I feel no need to add to what others have said (though I like some of the music less than they). But of the Beethoven? Better listen before you buy.		I don't buy a note of it.
1,Although I don't hate this CD, there are many, many better musicals out there. Actors: Julie Andrews, whom I love dearly otherwise, is not in  terrific voice here, nor does she act particularly well during the dialogue  moments. Tony Roberts is not bad, but he's no Robert Preston. Michael Nouri  is a nonentity, and though Rachel York does a good job with the material  (she has the worst lyrics to sing hands down), it's not my favorite role,  being too screechy and obvious.	Lyrics: They range from OK to  horrendous; witness the sexy/apoplexy/taxi verses mentioned below, and,  later, rhyming "rare port" with "airport"--gack! Some  of this material is so bizarre that one wonders if Leslie Bricusse was  under deadline pressure to deliver it.	Music: Again, variable, with some  engaging and interesting music and some dull tunes. I'd like to blame the  bad ones on Frank Wildhorn, who is one of the worst-ever Broadway composers  and who contributed a few of these tunes (including the much-reviled  "Louis Says"), but unfortunately part of the fault was Henry  Mancini's, who was uninspired on this project. Also keep in mind that (as  other reviewers have pointed out), they "dumbed down" the  "Le Jazz Hot" number, which was easily the best tune from the  movie. And it doesn't help that they have three different versions of  "Paris by Night."	I will say that I like the dialogue moments,  stupid lines/poor acting or not. This is one of the few CDs where I feel  like I have more than a shell of the show.	There was a reason why this  musical bombed at the Tonys. Without the movie recognition and Julie  Andrews, it would have vanished quickly. (Even the liner notes focus on  Julie and ignore the show.) It remains a pleasant but completely  undistinguished and unengaging listen.
1,It's two bad Bennett didn't retire permanently. Gaga is piece of a s**. And all the rest of them. 900 5 star reviews she sucks she can't sing out of a paper bag. You people are all robots. I hope I die. Life now is just plain out lame. This is a example.
1,I must say that I was not as thrilled with this album.  I was introduced to DCFC, when Transatlantcism was released.  I thought Transatlantcism and Plans alike were very solid albums. The kind of album you just push play and let the music do all the talking.  However I am somewhat dissapointed with Narrow Stairs.  The lyrics are catchy and somewhat dark as usual.  The music is well more experimental but still we all know the band is several albums deep and all play there instruments very well.  I guess there's just not alot of emotion or thrill with the music this time around.  I am not alone in this thought.  I have asked several other people and they say the same thing. Do keep in mind that I am not a completist and if you were an avid fan you would probably find more, than I.  So no offences and Death Cab truley are a great band just this isn't there finest moment.
1,Kurupt has made some good albums in the past, but this one is real dissappointment from him, I Expected more from this guy, but the writing is not impressive and the lyrical content is out of reach, although there are some good songs, west coast fans will love him and that's fine, but I Thought it was too predicable and too over the top.		Thumbs Down.
1,Not included: Up Where We Belong, Sorry Seems To Be the Hardest Word, Cry Me a River, High Time We Went, Many River to Cross.  Four songs: The Letter (Live), She Came In Through The Bathroom Window (Live), Feelin' Alright (Live), and With A Little Help From My Friends (Live) are from the 1989 album Joe Cocker Live when Joe's voice was not as good as in the late 1960s and early 1970s. Also the quality of those live recordings leaves a lot to wish. The same title CD at a lower price and with additional 8 video tracks on DVD does not seem to be a better choice for having 3 more popular songs missing. A much better compilation could be made of the first 10 tracks of The Best of Joe Cocker of 1993 and 8 tracks (the first 10 tracks except No. 3 and 9) of The Best of Joe Cocker: The Millennium Collection of 2000. They both cost next to nothing. Any CD burning program allows to do it within minutes.
1,It sure seems like someone did and replaced Robert Smith with someone else.	Everything about this CD is just bad.	I've listened to The Cure in the past but never bought one of their albums.	Boy did I make a bad choice and getting this one!	If you're a fan of their older work seriously do yourself a favor and skip this.
1,I bought this power metal cd just because of Olaf Thorsen,he is so good at guitar(shredder).Olaf is the one who formed the band Labyrinth. This album is crap,the singer Michele Luppi sucks,his voice is so annoying. The keyboards are awful. There is one good song on the album and it's Out Of The Maze,the singing sucks on the song of course but the guitar playing is awesome. The song		Out Of The Maze is about Labyrinth. This band is from Italy.		Don't buy this crapy album.
1,WELL, "THE RUBBER BAND MAN," AS I CALL HIM, HAS STRUCK AGAIN AND I JUST CAN'T GET ENOUGH OF THIS CD. IT IS ABSOLUTELY A GREAT JOY TO LISTEN TO, SO MUCH SO THAT I JUST CAN'T LISTEN TO IT OFTEN ENOUGH. I HAVE HAD SEVERAL DAYS OF NOT BEING ABLE TO LISTEN TO ANYTHING ELSE ALL DAY, AND, JUST WHEN I THINK I AM DONE, IT STARTS AGAIN AND OFF I GO, DANCIN' AND GROOVIN'. I LOVE IT, I LOVE IT!		  YES, THIS ALBUM GOES VERY WELL WITH THE RECOMMENDED, "IN SEARCH OF SUNRISE 5," (TIESTO) AS WELL ATB'S, "IN THE MIX 3." WHAT A GREAT TRIPPLE PURCHASE!		  I'LL TELL YA, I HAVE FOUND THIS CD SO UPLIFTING AND FUN THAT I HAVE HAD MOMENTS IN WHICH I REALLY FELT GLAD TO BE ALIVE JUST TO HAVE HEARD IT...NO KIDDING. I HOPE THAT IT DOES THE SAME FOR YOU.
1,This is not a good album.  It is a waste of money.  I love her voice, but there is nothing but bland sentiments and passive emotions on this release.  What a disappointment given that she's been gone for so long.  This is a woman who with a simple turn of voice or a single lyric, could have me writhing in my seat.  tugging at my heart.  bringing me to the verge of tears.  She made me feel emotions I didn't know I was capable of feeling.  She sang about raping flowers on the vine, for crissake!		There is none of that here!  The only thing that brings me to the verge of tears on this album is the despair I feel at losing a brilliant singer.  My dear Sarah.....bring in other songwriters.  Seriously.  You're tapped out.  You're done.  She has now become an artist for whom I no longer automatically buy their new albums upon their release.		There are just two good songs on this album:  U Want Me 2 (which is good, but we've already heard it before), and Bring on the Wonder (chilling!!!!!!).		Everything else is forced, bland and forgettable.  Don't be swayed by these other reviews talking about she has returned to her old form.  Some people love an artist so much they're unable to admit that someone has released something as disappointing as this truly is.  I miss the old Sarah who had fire in his voice.  She sings like she's yawning on this album.
1,I didn't expect much with this CD and I don't get much when i listen to it.  I have just about all the US releases of pink floyd including Piper at the Gates of Dawn and Dark side of the Moon.  its just a contract album really.  just something pink floyd threw out to tide people over until they could  release "the final cut". It IS pink floyd but they're not a  single's band and this cd tries to make them something they're not.  only  buy it if its under 5 dollars!  Thanks for reading
1,Deicide one of the big bands in the Death Metal genre with their whole anti religion this and satanic that is considered one of the big bands from the Death Metal genre huh I don't think so this crap unlistenable you can't understand any word the music is so under produced you can't really hear anything.		all n all boring lame band and album
1,Believe it or not, I had actually expected to hate this because it just doesn't suit me for the good kind of music. It sounds just the way I thought it would sound: crappy. It isn't hard enough to be all that good if you ask me. It is just too calm. {And now you probably think I'm a hypocrite because I like Enya}. At least Enya doesn't sound like someone who sounds like they are in a garage band attempting to record bad music. Not my style.
1,I can't stand this guy's music! I admit I bought his albums up to 1974, but got rid of them shortly thereafter, and never heard them again, mainly because they were all over the radio all the time, and I got sick and tired of hearing Elton's flat vocals and Bernie Taupin's stupid lyrics. Can you tell I'm not a fan?
1,5 Stars? What disc did you guys buy? This is the most careful, don't take a chance, leave your chops outside the studio disc I have heard in a while. It epitomizes cream puff light jazz where solos are strictly forbidden. The thing is, I know these guys can play better, but they sound like they have been told not to. Pity because some of the grooves are pretty good, they just don't go anywhere. I will keep this disc just in case I  decide to install an elevator in my home, then I'll have the right music.
1,I met Five Iron as teenager. The ska thing was big then, and to be honest I dug it. So obviously I jumped on this album out of pure nostalgia. From that standpoint the album did not live up to my expectations. The music misses the punk rock underpinnings of their early work, and takes on a mature tone that only barely resembles the work we came to know and love. The new grown up sound of FIF is interesting in its own right (especially for new fans), but for longtime fans who aren't looking through rose colored glasses this is a disappointment.
1,Not only did does TRANSITIONS IV mark the end of the series of single-disc mixes that John Digweed had released every six months since 2006, but it also represents the farthest that this DJ has ever gone into computer mixing. Each track on this CD is in fact made up of three or four tunes going on at once. Yet those expecting gloriously multidimensional dance music in the vein of Sasha's FUNDACION NYC mix will be disappointed. While on one hand Digweed wants to push the technology forward, he's also stuck in a minimalist rut, where the overall soundworld isn't much more than what a teenager could get by playing around with audio software. I was optimistic at the start, as the first three tracks are lush and energetic, but less than halfway through the disc I lost interest.		Out of all the Transitions mixes, I think Vol. 2 is the best for its rich variety within its groovy dance floor consistency. Unless you're a fan of the DJ and collecting every release, I can't recommend you pick this up.
1,So Iron Maiden release finally their new studio album "the final frontier" I've given the album about 5 listens, and I was hoping it would grow on me, and it just is not happening. This is my least liked maiden album ever released. There is not one song on this album that i like, and i have tried to like this album because i love maiden! The songs are way too dragged out. I love maidens progressive and epic sides, but i really just don't like how its done on this album. The riffs are very bland, and nothing really catches my ear. Maiden always had a way of writing super catchy riffs, and melodies. This time around nothing seems to grab me. Bruce also does not sound quite right on this album. He seems like he is pushing himself to a limit. The solos are good!, but it seems that the solos are the only thing i look forward to in every song on this album, and that does not cut it with me. I also think the production on this album is horrible. It sounds way too bassy, and in general sounds weak. I understand that they don't want to repeat themselves, but maiden has in the past successfully modernized their classic sound without losing their identity, and still kept it fresh. like A Brave new world. That album is a awesome modern take on maiden, and i loved it. Even "dance of death" and "A matter of life or death" had really great moments, but something on This new album is just lacking. This type of maiden is just not my cup of tea. I still recommend Maiden fans to listen to it, because you may find something you like in it. I'll just continue to listening to Killers, Number of the beast, Brave new world, and their other albums!
1,What we have here is a terminal case of Popia Genericus.  Guy Sebastian tries very hard not to stand out or do anything even remotely interesting on the whole record.  A disappointing release from a disappointing artist.
1,This is an OK 70s album but it followed the magnificent Argus so it had a lot to live up to. Unfortunately the Ash didn't even try following it up. I like Sorrel, it has an Argus vibe about it, Beacon is nice and sounds good live, but the rest is just OK.
1,With all the Hendrix collections available now, the re-release of 1969's "Smash Hits" seems a little irrelevant except for the historic fact that it was the first actual compilation of the Jimi Hendrix Experience and its been out of print for many years.  I read somewhere that this is the first time "Smash Hits" has been on CD, which is not true because I used to own it.  Also this is different from the original "Smash Hits" CD.  The original had 14 songs, all 12 included here + "51st Anniversary" and "Highway Chile".  For some reason these two were removed for this remaster.  So this isn't even the same "Smash Hits"!  What's the point?	I recommend buying the 17 track remaster of the first Jimi Hendrix Experience album, "Are You Experienced?", which this version of "Smash Hits" borrows 10 songs from, not to mention includes the two previously mentioned ommissions from the original "Smash Hits".  The other two, "All along the Watchtower" and "Crosstown Traffic" are on the third Experience album, "Electric Ladyland".  Something I never understood is why there is nothing on "Smash Hits" from their second album, "Axis: Bold as Love", but that's not important because that album is essential in itself.  I can't recommend "Smash Hits" for two reasons: 1.  Its just another collection, who cares if its remastered? and 2. The ommission of the two original tracks take away the historical relevance.	If you want the true best of Jimi Hendrix, start out with the first three Experience albums mentioned in this review.  Want more? Try the 17 track "First Rays of the New Rising Sun" (which includes proper versions (without the dubbing and tampering of the embarrasing "Voodoo Soup" album) of Hendrix classics like "Freedom", "Izabella", "Room full of mirrors", "Ezy Rider", "Stepping stone", the list goes on.)  If you go further, check out his best "live" recordings, like "Band of Gypsys" (made without the Experience and is the only "live" recording that was authorized by Jimi before he died.), "Live at the Fillmore East", and either "Jimi Hendrix: Woodstock" or the complete 2 disc concert on "Live at Woodstock" for his mind-blowing performance there.  Both albums contain the complete "Star Spangled Banner" if you're interested.
1,I mainly listen to underground hip-hop but I knew DMX was the hot seller so I had to pick up a CD to see what I thought of it.  I knew going in that it would be over-the-top violent, but I didn't expect it to be so repetitive.  A few of the tracks are juicy but most of them don't reward repeat listens, so I can't really justify playing the CD to hear the good songs.  The Swizz Beatz production gets old quick.  Plus, now that I know that DMX is a bad mother who will devour his enemies and that he loves his b****es, I've heard 90% of what he has to say.	The other thing that bothers me is his "spirituality".  The martyr image in "Ready To Meet Him" just doesn't jive with the thuggish, vengeful persona in most of the other songs.  I guess it's an Old-Testament-style of religion that DMX subscribes to.
1,Perhaps I'm just not the target audience for this release. I like a couple of his past projects but the production this one is so thick and crowded that it's hard to get into the tunes. I've tried numerous times with the vinyl I received but this album is sitting collecting dust from lack of play. Even my wife, who was quite excited when I told her one review likened it to Led Zeppelin,Hendrix and Funkadelic. her favorite music, just didn't do it for her. She normally doesn't respond this unimpressed. I do, however like the Spotify live tracks better, as they are less cluttered. Less is often more with most musical projects.
1,Music was OK for and adult but not for kids
1,This CD should be called "NOSTRILDAMUS" because it stinks to high Heaven!  What ever happened to the Priest I knew is a case Perry Mason can't even solve. If this is the only thing they can come up with 3 years after "Angel OF SUCKRIBUTION" The Priest is dead. I even bought the limited edition CD booklet version and got a free ticket to the Metal Masters Tour which I will enjoy Testament, Motorhead, & Heaven & Hell but I will leave when the Priest comes on. It's time to pass the torch to some other real metal band, there are far to many to list that are way better than this total waste of (you fill in the blank) What a insult of metal heads intelligence!
1,The Legacy Edition of PINOCCHIO does not sound horrible considering the 1940 release date.  But it does sound exactly the same as the 1992 CD and has the same tracks.  So, if you have that one, you do not need this one.  Also, you can't compare it to Sleeping Beauty, a 70MM Film with audio mastered on giant size Reel to Reel tapes, but FANTASIA (also released in 1940) does sound better than this.		AND, perhaps even more important:  On many other Disney CDs they did include deleted songs.  But for this Legacy edition, they included ONE horrible performance of ONE deleted song, when all they had to do was pay for the rights to one Decca Record to make this Legacy edition a hundred times more worth buying.  Here is all the info on those songs...		DELETED SONGS THAT COULD HAVE BEEN INCLUDED	"I'm A Happy Go Lucky Fellow" (also called "Jiminy Cricket") - Jiminy Cricket	(Later used in the 1947 Disney film Fun and Fancy Free)	"Honest John" - Chorus	"As I Was Saying To The Duchess" - J. Worthington Foulfellow	"Three Cheers For Anything" - Lampwick, Pinocchio, Alexander & Other Boys	"Monstro The Whale" - Chorus	"Turn On The Old Music Box" - Jiminy Cricket		Maybe some of the deleted songs are gone for good, but THREE of these songs WERE used in a multi-record 78-RPM 1950 cover album of the songs released by Decca Records and conducted by Victor Young.  Which later appeared on the other side of the Victor Young / Ken Darby WIZARD OF OZ album.  (Remember this?  "...There's a garden spot I'm told where you're never too young and you're never too old and you're never too thin and you're never too tall, and you're never, never, never, never too too too anything at alllll....")		Although Cliff Edwards appeared as Jiminy Cricket on the album, no one else from the film cast did. Soprano Julietta Novis, who sung Schubert's Ave Maria on the soundtrack of Disney's FANTASIA, sang the song "Little Wooden Head", instead of it being sung by Geppetto. Other singers on the album included the Ken Darby Chorus and the King's Men.
1,WSS is as American as apple pie, in it's own way, so why, why, why use European opera singers for, what should be a landmark recording?  Not only distracting, to have to listen to Tony with an Italian accent, but downright annoying. Why couldn't they have enlisted the thousands of American and Latino artists that would have suited this project so much better. It's not as though they even used big names for the recording,ie: the complete recording a while back with Kiri Te Kanawa and Jose Careras had their names to recommend it, and it was produced by Bernstein, but this recording has nothing to recommend.		Stick to the original cast for the best recording. There is also a recording by the Nashville Symphony Orchestra that is pretty good, aside from a bit of over-acting by some ensemble members, but the leads are wonderful.	And the film soundtrack has it's own merits, but this is a major mistake. Goes into the "what were they thinking?" file.
1,Janus was not even on my radar before I caught their single "Eyesore" on a local radio station late one night. I instantly fell in love with the intensity of the main riff, the catchy prechorus, and the perfect balance of clean and harsh vocals throughout. I especially liked the tone of lead singer David Scotney's screaming. With so many things to love in just one song, I immediately picked up Red Right Return to see what other gems it might contain.		Sadly, there are not many other standouts on this record- only one, in fact, and it's the very first song. "Six Letters Sent" kicks off the album with an appropriate bang. Like "Eyesore," this track opens with a riff that makes the listener want to move. It has a catchy chorus and a nice balance of singing and screaming. It convinces the listener to get excited about hearing the rest of this subpar album.		It's hard for me to pinpoint just where Red Right Return fell apart for me, which is why I have concluded that there are numerous glaring flaws on this album. A lot of the songs have catchy vocal melodies, which is great, but Scotney sounds like a cross between Pete Loeffler of Chevelle and Jesse Hasek of 10 Years without ever managing to be as creative (or as good) as either singer. Scotney also doesn't employ his screaming as much as "Eyesore" led me to believe he would. Even worse (and as at least one other reviewer has mentioned), a lot of the screaming he does is actually just ultra-high-pitched shrieking under his clean vocals (seen at its worst on "If I Were You" and "The Nerve").		What of the guitars? Partly because of the array of computerized effects Janus incorporates into their songs but mostly because the riffs are just unoriginal and bland, the axemen often get lost in the shuffle. I find myself drawn to the drums in almost every song on the album purely because there are so many power chords and radio-friendly tempos going on, not to mention the guitars suffer from a very generic distortion tone. To be fair, the drummer does have his moments, but they are only moments; he doesn't do anything particularly exciting for any length of time.		It bums me out that I didn't like this album because "Eyesore" was so promising. For those of you in the same boat I was- "awesome single! I'm going to buy the album!"- I advise caution. Despite the elements of greatness present in two or three songs, Janus is, for the most part, just another cookie-cutter rock band following the same formula that has made bands like Breaking Benjamin, Chevelle, and Three Days Grace popular. Janus don't even do radio-rock as well as those other bands either- I looked up some live videos out of curiosity and Scotney sounds downright bad in too many of them. Not a good way to make up for subpar material.		There are a few highlights on Red Right Return, yes, but why settle for mediocrity when you can find greatness elsewhere? Take a pass on Janus.
1,aaaaaaa
1,Not sure this is all that great whatsoever. Catchy hooks, lyrically tentative, musically misguided, bursts of energy from time to time but overall seem fatigued even on hype and Red Bull. Barnes has had all the hoopla one overrated singer can garner but he just can't seem to turn the corner, and it's not for lack of being nurtured by his backers. When it's condensed and looked at objectively, there's insufficient talent to drive all the hype. When being supported by Nashville's best side men and turning to Reggae fails and still ain't enough, like many others soon it'll be the small club circuit where all the has beens and never were's reside and strum away.
1,This has got to be one of the worst albums of the year. Toni Braxton's debut self titled CD is still her best piece of work. "More Than A Woman" is horrible. My rating is an "F" overall. Do not, I repeat, do not purchase this garbarge, you will be solely disappointed. I like Toni, but sorry, this just doesn't cut it! Where is Jam & Lewis, Babyface, David Foster, Narada, Michael J. Powell, etc. when you need them. Someone please tell Toni she's 30 something, not a teenager!
1,The Mahler Seventh is an ungainly beast that has sunk many a conductor and orchestra. It is an obstacle course for performers and listeners alike. Few get it right, and among recordings, only one stands supreme, and that is Jascha Horenstein's with the New Philharmonia Orchestra.		Like the rest of Boulez' Mahler cycle, his treatment of the Seventh is interesting but primarily a failure. I no longer feel positive about this performance. Boulez starts out great, with wonderful power and clarity, at a deliberate pace that is not ponderous (a la Klemperer). But several minutes into the first movement, the proceedings stall and flatline for the rest of the entirety of the symphony. The Mahler Seventh, as much as any other Mahler symphony, is a romantic work that demands a mastery of expression. Boulez deliberately provides none. His is a non-interpretation that winds up a strange, clinical examination of the notes without a cohesive unifying spirit. There are long passages in which nothing happens, except an antiseptic, weirdly phrased emission of sounds. Now for those who are familiar with the Mahler Seventh, this Boulez treatment is interesting as an abstract art alternative.		Whereas Horenstein's reference recording captures the Seventh in all of its glory----its powerful march rhythms (very specific echoes of Mahler Sixth and "Revelge") and every emotional corner of the nocturnal journey into morning---Boulez is just weird.
1,My girlfriend and I were very disappointed with this CD.  After hearing Frosty the Snowman I am wondering if Chip Davis is smoking weed.  It's horrible.  We've given it several listens, but I think we're done with it.  If you are thinking of buying a Mannheim Steamroller cd, do not get this one.  Unless you want to buy my copy.
1,I'd rate either this or "Razor's Edge" as AD/DC's worst effort.  The lyrics are terrible, Brian Johnson's voice is a shadow of what it used to be, it seems to have been going downhill since FOS.  His voice sounds  kind of like he's trying to sing and gargle some mouthwash at the same time  on songs like "Love Bomb". The songs are pretty much all very  dark sounding, with only 1 fun party song - "Hard as a Rock".  "Burning Alive", which appears to be a commentary on Bill  Clinton, along with "Hard", are definitely worth owning, but none  of the other songs are very catchy.  "Cover You In Oil" comes  close, but just doesn't have a recognizeably melody to hook you.  "Caught With Your Pants Down" and "Whiskey On The  Rocks" are abysmal filler.  Buy their new album, "Stiff Upper  Lip", the songs are a lot more fun and straightforward, B. Johnson  really works hard to make his vocals listenable, and he and Angus seem to  actually be paying attention to each other on this one. The songs are fun,  and you'll be "Having a Drink" on AD/DC once again.
1,Evidently the title "Simple Plan" refers to a theory that if you rip off another band's hits, you will sell more records. I really don't know where to start with this one. This band rips off every band from U2 to Green Day to The Killers, and manages to sound overproduced with a total lack of energy, with the exception of ONE pop-punk track, "Time To Say Goodbye." It was said that during the three-plus years that passed between albums, that the group's singer/songriter Ryan Bouvier had writer's block. This becomes all the more apparent because Britney Spears' songwriting team was brought in to write several songs, making Simple Plan sound like a boy band. Even when they try to rock out, the production is so overdone that the guitars seem distorted and out of place. And there are WAY too many piano-ballads. I think any trace of the faux-punk label they were slapped with after their first two albums, which were decent efforts packed with pop-punk hooks, can permanently be removed now. Simple Plan will spend the rest of their lives wondering if it was the three-plus year layoff between albums or the change of sound/style on this new one that killed their career. And the answer is neither. It is the lack of originality, energy, and songcraft that will do them in. Lets face it, when Hilary Duff rocks harder than you, your band is not "punk." And in the three and a half years this band was away, the scene changed, but their fan base remained intact and they should have stayed a little closer to home on this release rather than go running off into what the band calls "unchartered musical territory." Perhaps "UnCHARTED" musical territory is more like it. This one is headed to a bargain bin near you, right next to all those old LFO albums.
1,i am so close to putting hans zimmer in freeze locker, and he is so close to be no longer my favourite composer. think of the good times: lion king, king arthur, pearl harbor, backdraft, gladiator... etc. Suddenly he changed his style... like davinci code, black hawk down, manofsteel, inception.... etc. but fine, still some of them get some nice pieces of music... then amazing spiderman 2, and intersteller is.. so boring.... then this one B vs S.... i bought it before i watched the movie, because i was hungry for good music.... i have listened to two track amd i am no longer interested.... i so miss James Horner now.... seems hans's works are getting so worse after j.h.'s death...
1,They hardly rock and can't even really pull off disco. They can't touch the bands they try to emulate. The singer is weak and annoying. This band is overrated.
1,The one above shown is not a rating of the  performance , which has been widely praised for both interpretation and sound, but it's a rating of Decca' behavior. This is a reissue of a mid-80's release with an updated,  glossy booklet, astutely echoingthe graphics of the recent 6th with the  Concertgebouw !  Even worse, it was already re-issued in the budget series  Eclipse (around 7 $!) AND with a Mahler fill-up. That series has widely  circulated in Europe but I have to admit that I don't know if it was ever  issued in the US. Still, if this is an example of the label policies now  that Decca has been taken over by Universal Music, well, bad times are  coming.
1,The Movie featured several other awesome Led Zepplin songs which this CD omits.  Anyone know why?
1,trying to listen to this album&Nothing is moving me.this feels like a Broke Master P reject. the Production is alright,but the rapping is very tired&predictable.a couple of so-so tracks that have gotten some buzz,but I don't get the hype that this album has gotten.it's Wack&forgettable.
1,I didn't buy this album, but I got to listen to it in its entirety as it played over the loudspeakers in a Borders bookstore I was in.  I love the Beatles, and have never heard of the Smithereens.  Perhaps this discredits me right away, so take my review with a grain of salt.  I admit, one has to appreciate the guts that it takes to cover a whole Beatles album.  And from an arrangement point of view, the songs are pretty close to the original.  You can tell the Smithereens have a great deal of respect for the Beatles and really want to do them justice.		HOWEVER, I don't think the Beatles are done justice.  Every song is transposed down a step or two, which really sucks the life out of many of them.  The vocals lag terribly.  Now, if this was being performed as a live stage show (which I've heard that it has been), I would absolutely love it.  Everything's better live.  But this is a recording, and it makes me wonder, "Why did they bother?"		The Smithereens bring nothing new to the songs, instead offering what amounts to a half-hearted mimicry of one of the greatest albums of the 60s.  I would recommend avoiding this album and getting the original instead.  Perhaps if you like the Smithereens and have never listened to the Beatles, you'll like this album.  But once you've heard the original, you'll know there's no comparison.  In my opinion, "Meet the Beatles" is simply not done justice.  I've heard other Beatle tribute albums and this is one of the more mediocre ones: nothing to write home about.		I find this a half-baked effort that is essentially unnecessary.
1,Love ,The Beatles.. But CD..Just Did Not Sound Good!	SoubdTrack was Not as good as Expected either. Plenty of other Beatles Albums out there I  Buy than listening to This One!
1,This is the worst Hendrix release since Crash Landing & Midnight Lightning-Janie ought to be shameful for putting out such	unfinished crap!!!-Jimi, being the perfectionist he was, would NOT put out this material until it was to HIS liking!!!	After two listens, I threw it in the garbage, what a waste of money!--JANIE, SHAME ON YOU FOR YOUR INEXPERIENCED LACK OF	KNOWLEDGE OF YOUR STEP-BROTHER'S INSIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!--Your work on the "Hendrix in the West" re-issue is disappointing also-	I would start communicating with REAL Hendrix fans before you start screwing anything else up!!!--enuff SAID!!!
1,caught out there shows something, but her voice overall is being played to the same old current beat.the material is what is hurting her here.i like her edge but the concept overall is being done to death.
1,I consider Yolanda Adams to be an inspirational artist.  This collection was too much like rock-n-roll with very little to reflect upon.
1,I think MelodicRock.com's review says it best: "I don't think the manner in which Terry is singing on this album suits him and the band's slide into middle of the road oblivion continues with their third album in a row of really laid back bluesy rock, rather than rock with a blues edge. After 20 years of rocking with attitude, the band has fundamentally changed course and now sounds stale and boring to these ears. Sadly I just can't appreciate this album in any meaningful way and I doubt it will ever get played again. Yes, the former voice of Great White Jack Russell might just be an indispensable ingredient, but the failure of this album is not Terry Ilous' fault. Jack fronting these songs wouldn't have made much of a difference. It's simply too laid back and lacking any real energy or attitude." And Frontiers, the label that released "Elation" buys ad space from MelodicRock.com!		Aside from the fact there is no Great White without Jack Russell I wanted to like this album as a non-Great White entity being a longtime XYZ fan. Unfortunately, Terry Ilous works so hard to unsuccessfully sound like Jack he fails to sound good vocally. In addition, the songs are so weak and bad EVEN if Jack sang them they still would be bad! Glad I didn't waste money on this and as bad as it is I deleted the free download! That's right folks.....so bad it's NOT EVEN WORTH IT FOR FREE!
1,Russell is really blown down by Buck Clayton on their session together. I haven't heard the session with Ruby Braff, Bud Freeman and Vic Dickenson recorded on the Counterpoint label rather than Prestige Swingville in 1958, according to The Penguin Guide To Jazz Recordings.
1,Loved the movie, the soundtrack is not that great.  The quirkiness of the movie does not translate well to the CD.  The indian music selections on the disc leave much to be desired.
1,This musical I hope would be a good dramatic musical... hoping that Broadway would finally COME back to life but, this musical sadly lacks what you have seen in a rather dull Broadway season. The music isn't enchanting, haunting or romantic.		I've heard some reviewers compare it to "Phantom of the Opera" but, really this musical just isn't that good... and NOT worth the price you have to pay for the CD. The songs are over-done, poorly portrayed and the storyline a little hard to follow. Maybe you have to see it to apperciate it. But, this Broadway fan just isn't getting.		In comparsion to some other Broadway shows I suppose this musical might stand out but, that speaks for itself- this Broadway season has been rather BORING... The score is good reminding me of a young Andrew Lyodd Webber but, not enough to save this musical from over-dramatization, over the top performances, and boring lyrics. All in all if your looking for a romantic musical I'd consider buying "Phantom of the Opera" and forget about this diaster.
1,I think this is one of donna biggest flops, but then maybe she didn't have a choice? Im a rainbow, with only 11 tracks and not the 18 that are on the cd would have been alot better, this cd is over produced, and kinda dull. its like donna had nothing to do with it, they just told her to sing. and someone is asking 159.00 dollars for this....CRAZY. go to i tunes and download it for under nine dollars. if you want good or great geffen donna, get the wanderer, or cats without claws, or Im a rainbow, but not the marcury reissue, get the Geffen one.....this had to be donna weakest release.....
1,thi is a good cd for you if you love to hear a stuffy nosed baby wine and it dosent fit with the music
1,I think Ruben sounds the same in every song he sings. He has no range. I belive if you were to buy anything, you should buy Clay's single. Don't get me wrong,Ruben is a good singer,  just think he could be better.
1,What happened guys?	My dear wife Cathy and I have been listening to these wonderful boys for years. Sometimes (a lot actually) as in-car soundtracks to road adventures we trasure. Apart from the cheeky interest and somewhat "forward looking" aspect of the first track, we have a trainwreck. The bulk of this CD is just a flat spin out of artistic control. Emotionalism indeed...What's next?
1,I guess if I was a millionaire I can make an album too.		Appernetly anyone who has money makes an album. It's the new cool thing to do. I think it's funny that Paris cried when she heard her album because she said it was was so good. I wonder what she was really listening to? well it has Good beats, good potential songs. but BAD VOICE!!!  Scott Storch..YA! LOL Not my cup of tea! If Britney Spears had put out this album I think it would have been a better success surprisingly
1,these guys have been out of gas for years. they only ever did 1 and a half good records. vedder's idiotic attempts at political thought and activism are embarrassing and only reveal his inner hatred of telling the truth about anything, let alone formulating a coherent thought. what a douchebag!! go see a shrink mr. vedder. you obviously have deep seeded personal problems!!		we're not gonna take it! never did and never will! we're not gonna take it!! we forsake you!!! Gonna [...] you better still!!		we don't need no stinking self-proclaimed arbiters of truth and of american conscience with a messianic complex. you phony bastards!!! quit taking yourselves so seriously you tight assed lefties!!		goddamit i'm gonna play me some chuck berry and mott the hoople. these guys really suck!!!
1,I can't begin to tell you how incredibly boring I found this CD! I first heard of Amanda via a long grape vine of so-and-so said Amanda has great music. Well, foolishly I tried the CD. It offers nothing to dance to, nothing emotionally moving and still less that inspires the listener to sing along. There is a feeling that it was put together in approximately an hour. Amanda had to vocal training prior to this, and with any luck she won't need to receive any AFTER it. Take it from me- you've never heard of this chick for a reason!
1,Something happened to Mick , when he retired I have the dvd and cd of his farewell tour..	I was sad, but at the same time happy for him that he could walk away with his head held high..	The first I got into Simply Red was Home . I first heard on Tower Records	website preview.. many years ago.. I was hooked I bought all his cds..	Picture Book, was his very best.. Other cds like Men And Women is good.	New Flame is great, Stars is great too.. Then problems started with Life,	Which is boring and lazy, Home On The Range.. is the worst he song recorded .	Blue is a excellent cd and so is Love And A Russian Winter.	Simply Red Stay... was last Simply Red cd that has the Simply Red sound and feel	Good Times Have Done Me Wrong , outlines what happened	When Simply Red re-emerged  from supposed retirement..	Big Love, is lazier than  Life , way lazier, at least he was younger and the spirit in him	And the drive to make music.. Big Love gives the impression he sat 7 feet away	from the recording studio, with battery operated microphone in big old chair.	And sang what little he wanted and went home for the day. and the sound of whole cd is unoriginal	It's like listening a late 70's sound track I recognize some music riffs	One track the music sound like the music from Charlies Angeles..	I would not buy this cd, if your truly a simply red fan This cd  comes off as	 This singer that is bored and going down road as lounge singer in Vegas..	Why did he come out retirement? stupid overly obsessed fans maybe one reason?	Or retirement was not Micks thing?  when your worth alot money as he is..	Why bother coming back? when cd like this produced when you did so many	other great cds before..	In all he had great career this one sad way to be remembered by it.
1,By 1973 Chicago's early innovative style was being compromised for the need for radio play. There's no long work outs or extended playing which is a pity. This Remaster is very good but why do this to what is considered a weaker record - II & III are much stronger records. As with all Chicago records it's Robert Lamm's songs that stand out here Hollywood, Something In The City plus his swipe at music critics Critic's Choice are really very good. The rest of the record is rather lame but this master recording breathes new life into one their weaker efforts.
1,I thoroughly enjoyed Orgy's first two albums Candy Ass and Vapor Transmission but what the hell is this. Did they even think that they would possibly get noticed by the mainstream? Nu Metal already died for the most part. What better way to drive your fans away than to give up and lose your originality. Good job guys for giving us a prime example of sucking up and selling out. Lets hope your fourth attempt, if there is one, will possibly bring back some credit you once had.
1,I went to see Green day in concert last december and Bouncing souls were their support band. And they sounded really good so i decided to get the album and i was dissapointed. Every song is miserable apart from tracks 5 and 6 which are decent rock songs. I thought they were going to be the next Green Day well they could be if they can do more songs like tracks 5 and 6.
1,DUDE?!?! What happened, when i heard about a new Zombie cd i was like O YEA! and then when i heard foxy foxy i was like WTF?? What happened to Hellbilly and Sinister kind of music?? I don't know what happened but, I'll admit theres a few decent songs like Let It All Bleed Out and The Scorpion Sleeps, but WTF?!?!?!?!?
1,I am and have been a fan of Maestro Bernstein most of my life but this is just another one of Sony's re-re-re-repackagings of the same material. If you're new to the magic of Bernstein, then you'd do well to get this. BUT if you have any of these, save your money as these aren't new remasterings. Shame on Sony for releasing this same material for the umpteenth time hoping to get unwary buyers.
1,Truly, this original French version of "Don Carlos" is a virtually complete 'recording', with extras in the 4th CD for alternative (original) scenes and excerpts for one reason or other abandoned by the composer.	As many have pointed out, this is not Domingo's only Don Carlos recording, and in my view, probably his worst recording, though even not at his best, his performance still owns good parts, though at many places the voice is not well-controlled (especially in the soft passages) and clear pitch problems set in. The heroic outbursts are still dynamite-like, but the opening Act's Fontainbleau Scene is a disappointment comparing to his recording (in Italian) with Caballe 9 years ago.	Katia Ricciarelli does not have any high notes or pitch problem as one reviewer claimed - rather, her intonation is way better than Domingo's, but her is the reverse of Domingo's, with her fortissimos lacking the power to carry through the emotional outburst in most places.	Other members of the cast are competent, if not outright brilliant.	I do not agree that Ghiaurov should be cast as Filippo in Raimondi's stead, given that the Grand Inquisitor is the most imposing figure in the entire libretto.	Generally, the lower voices fare better than the high or middle ones in this performance, but the major problem is that Abbado has too much of a 'seggretational' approach to the music.	His orhestration cuts into the character's singing parts most in the most ungaining manner in terms of dynamics control, with an immediate result of the singing cast struggling in competition with the orchestration. Domingo suffered the most under this treatment - a direct comparision with Guilini would show up all the difference.	Yet further still, the mainly Italian cast does not seem to own the French language. Domingo fares no better, either.	If not for its completness, this would be a recording to avoid, given the large amount of better available choices.
1,Lifted by his platinum-selling "Trap Queen" single and his induction into XXL Magazine's 2015 Freshmen Class, Fetty Wap (Willie Maxwell) from Paterson, NJ is touted as a hip-hop artist but is really a rhythm-and-blues artist. Though Monty and his Remy Boyz squad rap on several of the tracks from Wap's eponymous debut album, Fetty himself hardly does the rap-deed himself, instead choosing to wail away in each cut with his scratchy subpar singing voice over brain-imprisoning electro-dance beats. Each song on the LP is basically composed of a chorus or two repeated a few times by Fetty and rarely decorated with a rap verse unless it's supplied by his charade-following feature-artists.		Unfortunately, all the songs on Fetty Wap sound the same, and within them, Fetty makes the listener struggle to understand what he is actually saying with his slurred-up vocal incoherence wrongfully passed off as a unique new form of singing. When you get down to brass tacks, the only things important to Fetty Wap here are weed, the mall, jewelry, luxury high performance cars, sex, money, strippers, the club, speeding, mansions and love, or the type of love that can be found in quite a few numbers on the album where he powers-up his girl by putting her on a pedestal, sweetly serenading her and that sort of thing. The rest is essentially just a lot of other boss statements in attempted vocal harmony and off-tune pitch.		One instance in this project that really must be noted is in "I Wonder." Fetty Wap sings, "sometimes I wonder where these ni**as [are] going wrong" like he is ignorant of what's really going on and as if he is the one who is doing something right (yeah right). It's obvious he doesn't know what is going on (after all, he is being pimped by 300 Entertainment and Atlantic Records), but for him to try and assert the stance that he is on higher ground than some others around him is a preposterous lie. From the sounds of Fetty Wap, it appears as if he is actually on lower ground. Fetty is effectively being used by the media and the music industry to feed the public's new interest in goofy-sounding singing rappers like Future and the rest. He is not an artist with character. He is a caricature. No one should try to aspire to live the life that Fetty Wap glamorizes in Fetty Wap because it's arbitrary, unrealistic, childish and regressive.
1,Although the title of a book;it pretty much sums up this effort. A very flat,underwritten,overly produced failure that does not come close to ever capturing the energy of the old Rufus and Chaka Khan recordings. Some songs were boring while a few were almost painful to listen to-so much so I did not make it through to the final track. If this was an effort to raise funds for a foundation; fine, my money was well spent,if not...you may want to think about spending yours.
1,Produced by Prefab Sprout mastermind Thomas Dolby, I bought "Dog Eat Dog" in the hope it might give a picture of a singer/songwriter whose earlier (primary!) work I did not then believe I could appreciate.		However, regardless of the beauty and delicacy he could bring to such hyper-literate masterpieces as&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Steve-McQueen/dp/B000025TI2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Steve McQueen</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Jordan-The-Comeback/dp/B00000273P/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Jordan: The Comeback</a>, here Dolby just appeared to be copying the tricks of his awful-sounding solo albums like&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Astronauts-Heretics/dp/B000002L0Y/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Astronauts & Heretics</a>. Whilst Joni's voice at first listen undoubtedly sounded palatable, after a while on such songs as "Good Friends" and "Shiny Toys" the production seems as mechanical as if Joni were making a generic techno(!) album. The chorus of the acclaimed "Impossible Dreamer" sounds honestly no better today.		Indeed, the amazing melodies of "Song For Sharon" and "Shadows And Light" that I have recently discovered are totally absent here, to be replaced by political ranting that really does place this album in the 1980s - and not really a time capsule when one considers the album only reached #63 on Billboard. Rather, it is a once-great artist failing altogether to stick to her own game in a serious way.		By this time, Joni Mitchell clearly had given way to such artists as Kate Bush, Mark Hollis (of Talk Talk) and Mary Margaret O'Hara. This album really is not required even if you're an established fan. Go with&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Hissing-Of-Summer-Lawns/dp/B000002GY2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Hissing Of Summer Lawns</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Hejira/dp/B000002GYC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Hejira</a>&nbsp;instead.
1,Performance and historical value are top notch...		but as others point out, the recording quality is terrible.  I rate is a D... this is not up to the sound one expects from a commercial release.
1,I buy Rush records since 1984, maybe earlier. I own all of their albums and many bootlegs from the various gold eras of the band. Each album Rush record I immediatly go and buy it, because I love the band. Each time hoping in the deep of my heart that the album would give me some of the thrills and joys Rush gave me in the past with true masterpieces. Unfortunatly, each time in recent years I ended up being VERY disappointed. Frankly this thing is boring me. Now each time I see a new Rush album on the shelves I think "Gosh, ...another album from Rush ... I know I'll not like it, I feel it, I fear it ... they are 20 euros in the trash, ... but I Know it, I have to buy it ... ok, let's drink this medicine ..." and I buy it. But this is not the way one should buy an album from a band he used to love so much. This music Rush is recording recently has no ispiration at all. The last three studio albums are mediocre. MEDIOCRE. This album makes no exception, it is flat, it is the same from the beginning to the end. And you can listen to it, one hundred times, it still sounds the same. Flat. The texture are nice, the sounds are nice, the album is well produced, but one thing lacks terribly: the music. Geddy is singing the same line over and over again for the entire lenght of the album. What a boreeeeeeeeeee! But did the guys listen to what they record before the release? Obviously the guys plays well like they ever did, but it is what they play that doesn't work. I don't want to point out specific tunes because they really sound the same. It is almost incredible, but it is. Glory days unfortunatly are gone. By the way, nothing last forever, we have to admit this magic band has nothing left to give. But there's one good news for me. Luckly, for the next five years I'm okay, .... til the next bad medicine.		... march 08 ... and now, what is coming next ladies and gentlemen? ANOTHER DOUBLE LIVE ALBUM, OH YEAH!!!! Another live album Just a couple of years after the mediocre Live in Rio ....!!!! Yes it is exactly what we needed, another double cd live album, Rush never recorded Tom Sawyer live infact!!! A live album after just ONE album! Oh my friends, I'm sure I'm going to hate this band that I used to love so much!
1,I rated 2 stars and the price is $2.99. "LET IT WHIP" by the Dazz Band,  2nd is  " CELEBRATION" by Kool and the Gang,  3rd is the "SHAKE YOUR GROOVE THING" Peaches & Herb. The rest of the songs needs to be replace.
1,What can I say? This crap is horrible. It's just a bunch of screaming around but because they play instruments people call it music. I could start my own death metal band. All I would have to do is turn on a lawnmower and scream and moan into a microphone, pay someone to bang on a trashcan, then record it and sell it to mindless losers.
1,Most all of the music on this album is very forced.  Good for upbeat background music, but I have to say that her direction on this album pretty much reflects the current stylings of Katy Perry, of which I detest.		There are two good songs on this album, and are ironically enough both co-written by Kelly Clarkson.  Already Gone, and If I Can't Have You.  Download these two.  Forget the rest.  If you MUST have two more, get Save You, and Tip of My Tongue.		Everything.  Else.  Sucks.
1,How could you ever get tired of Steve Walsh's voice? He is certainly one of the greatest vocalists of all time. Billy Greer on bass is not only a great bassist, but another excellent vocalist. Overall, this CD really rocks! If you are a Kansas fan (and who isn't?) add this to your collection. Not as classically steeped, but rocks out in an equally pleasing way.
1,After watching a few live youtube clips I was excited to hear the real cd but much to my dismay as few others have said the sonic quality is just not there.  I really can't see why this would be done intentionally because to me a cd is to mimic what a live performance would sound like.  This cd sounds like an old cassette tape that's been left in a cheap kraco car audio deck for 2 years and played every day.  Very disappointed.  Would have given this at least 4 stars if not for the quality.
1,This is the question, and it's quite true that the Butterfly made history in 1969 when both "In A Gadda Da Vida", and "Ball" were in the top 5 simultaneously. This album however, would be thier swan song as they would lose the monster guitar of Erik Brann. He became 18 with this release, and it wasn't a pretty album either. Brann would write his first song with "Belda Beast", and he sang the vocals too, but didn't do too well. Why he left, and what he did afterwards I'll have to look on the webpage. The albums opening cut was "In The Time Of Our Lives", and this was released a single all 4 minutes, and 46 seconds of it; I guess they figured if the Beatles could do it why can't they? However, to this critic it's the Rock and Roll Suicide. I feel that "Soul Experience" is a very pretty song, and why the label didn't do more for the song I'll never know. "Pretty Boy" has Ingle trying to do a love song, and it's just not in his nature. His pipes are made to belt out songs, and not croon. The other song worth listening to is "Filled With Fear". It's got some power behind it, and I'm also glad they included the non l.p. song "I Can't Help, But Decieve You Little Girl". However, it was a dud, and it caused the departure of one of rock's greatest guitar players, and I don't know if he ever did anything else.
1,Compared with Rea classics like "On the beach" or "Auberge", this cd doesn't even deserve a single star. For me, this record is just the sad climax of an artistical crisis that started out  with "Espresso logic" in 1993. On his new album Rea incorporates  techno and house beats, but he fails terribly. I'm a fan of contemporary  electronic music, but what Rea does is pure claptrap. Monotonously stomping  beats are no substitute for good song ideas and melodies! This album was a  bad flop in Germany and doesn't contain a single decent song. And the cover  artwork which shows a man captive in a computer monitor is just too trite  to believe! I hope Rea will find back to his old style. By the way,  "Road to hell part 1" is probably Rea's most interesting and  ambitious album.
1,When I received my disc their was some glue or epoxy on the bottom side...grrrr,I peeled and scraped it off and wiped the disc and it played...it played for a couple weeks,only skipping on fight for yur right...then this morning I put it on and it skipped all the way through ...very dissatisfied...
1,dig  the stuff with him and  R.Kelly however he didn't get the goods from Kelly as in a track that might challenge Brown vocally and take him  from the same ole same vibe he keeps on putting out.  if Brown's voice ever caught  the half of his  foot work, then this cat would be something else.fyne like  china  was my joint last year and that is the kind of album as his tribute to Michael Jackson i was looking for as to more of the same.he still ain't  brought the goods to match the hype despite him having a pop sounding voice.
1,Since my days as a young boy, I have diispised and loathed Liberals because they are thought-provoking and always question authority. I myself am a good conservative, I blindly follow the government officials and keep my family in line with daily Mormon Prayers and traditional values. A good American citizen follows these laws and does not question authority.		These people in this band known as "Rage Against the Machine" are nothing more than Liberal Wackos, following the likes to that of Ted Kennedy and John Kerry. They all criticize George Bush, but I think that George Bush is a great American President, he is a good moral man with lots of wisdom and strength.		To listen to the words on this album make me think of Liberals taking over the world, my absolute worst nightmare. Questioning Authority and giving proven criminals freedom is a dangerous idea and must be condemned and never listened to ever again!!!!		Heathen Satanic-Worshipping ideas (aka The Liberal Agenda) are a power that must never be fueled. Jesse Jackson (aka Lucifer) is the craziest person that ever walked the planet and anyone else who calls themselves Liberals are crazy insane people who have their own thoughts and ideas. This is a one way path to hell!!!!!		Follow the President, but do not question his authority. That way, America can go to be free of Liberals and make the world a better place.
1,OZZY'S BOX? WELL, IT'S A SHAME... RE-RECORDED TRACKS, TWO O THREE UNRELEASED TRACKS VERY INTERESTING AND THE COVERS... THE COVERS?
1,None of the songs were named correctly.  For example, I Remember (Strobelite Mix) was named I Feel Free.  It makes me believe that I got a pirated or fake copy of the disc.  It could have been altered or tampered with. Not satisfied at all.
1,For being a Dove award-winning album, it's awfully boring. The songs all have the same beat and the lyrics are a bit more shallow than I'd like. It's not the usual quality recording I expect from PCD.
1,This CD lacks the quality like the live "Still" song. This one is too commercialized and I wouldn't consider this CD as being their best. - Mike
1,I was furious when I saw that hideous "content protected" logo on this CD.  Way to go, Sony/BMG!  Treat all consumers like potential criminals, and watch sales go through the roof!  Mulligan is of course a talented musician, but this so-called CD is wasted on its copy protection feature.  Don't buy it!  Avoid!
1,I tell you what would be diffrent,i mean really diffrent,a nu-metal band playing a song about how good it is to be alive and that klife isn't so bad but its not going to happen,so we're stuck with slipknot.well they wear masks that are quite well made,but apart from that theres not much left to be said about them.somehow they have become amazingly popular possibly down tro the fact that they wear masks.oh i've just thought of a good point for slipknot,the mask manufacturing industry must be bomming.recesion?who said recesion?
1,NOTE: This is for the 2014 2CD / 1DVD version of this release.  Seriously disappointed that a surround mix was not included as originally announced and anticipated on varous blogs.  Unless you are yerning for the Alternate versions and order of the album, I don't feel this version is compelling at all.  Vote with your wallet, and let record labels know that seminal releases like this must include the surround sound version.  At least I already have the SACD from years back with a good surround mix, but I was hoping for better and something new in surround!
1,I wasn't going to waste my time reviewing a cd as horrible as this one but then I realized how nice it would have been to have gotten an accurate review, like the one you are about to read, before buying the cd. This is mainstream alternative rock with plenty of cussing and cheesy breakdowns under radio rock vocals. This is not metal, and it's definately NOT hardcore. Because I don't listen to alot of mainstream music I can't really make too many close comparisons, but I'd recommend for fans of Slipknt or Hoobastank (or however that's spelled). I have most of the cd's under the "people who bought this cd also bought..." column and enjoy those albums. Because of the album cover I expected something between God Forbid and Trivium, but to my surprise I got something between Nickelback and Mudvayne. I am generally very open-minded when it comes to music and don't dis bands just because they're popular. I don't watch MTV and don't know if these guys are big right now or what but they're music is just plain bad. Below average singing voice, annoying high pitched shrill (sounds like a cat being run over by a car) the most positve points on this cd are breakdowns that sound as if they were stollen from Throwdown's Vendetta. Some guitar riffs remind me of the latest American Head Charge but the vocals just kill any half decent sound that comes from the guitars. On top of all this lyrics are laughable, and not in a good way. verses like "It's like a trip to the brain that drives me fu@#$% insane" "Straight hate you're just a pawn in the game so go fu@# yourself" and with the f word in every other I guess they ran out of creativity or adjectives or something. This album is over-produced, repetitive, and just plain boring.		Best song: Falling Backwards (less repetitive, less whining, a few catchy blast beats and chugga-chugga parts, basically Bloodsimple's horrible attempt at making metalcore) still like a 4/10
1,DURAN DURAN WAS AMONGST THE WORST BANDS OF THE EIGHTIES ALONG WITH KAJAGOOGOO AND BANANARAMA.THEY PRODUCED SOME OF THE CHEESIEST MUSIC EVER PRODUCED.THIS IS AS BAD AS IT GETS,SO DO THE WISE THING AND AVOID THIS ALONG WITH ASTRONAUT THEIR LAST OFFERING WHICH TANKED BIG TIME.
1,More of the same tired hair glam garbage from the same old tried drag queens.  Again just more gay LA rock N roll with slightly different lyrics.....boring!
1,Reach out, I'll be there was altered and does not sound like the original release.  Very disappointed!!!!!
1,Well,the other day I was listening to this cd because after buying their newest cd and enjoying every minute of it,I thought that I would relive the past with their earlier tunes and although I had enjoyed alot of these songs,I was wondering where the souls of black tracks were,especially one of their biggest songs,'the legacy'wasn't on there. At least their first compilation had tracks from there. Thought there was too much 'The Ritual'on here. Which I thought was the bands' low point as far as I was concerned. Plus if you have all their albums then this cd is worthless. They could've had at least put 'Reign of Terror'from The Return To The Apocalyptic City" ep. Being that this track is rare,it would have given the consumer a reason to buy this. At least the other compilation album had bonus cover songs that amde it worth the bucks. Not that this album has bad tracks,just wish they would have included something from'souls on there. And for the record ,the liner notes dissed the 'souls' album because it was rushed,I would have to disagree because I know that they play at least two of these tracks in their live set. I really hate when corporate America tells us what sounds good and what doesn't. I think that it was a good thing that this band left this label. This cd is o.k. for newcomers but be ready to dish out some cash for 'The Souls Of Black' album because you won't find any tracks on this one.
1,How can these guys get a record contract to put out something like this?  And Bon Jovi just did a country cd too.  What is this world coming to?  What's next, Ozzy Osbourne doing an opera cd?  AC/DC going bluegrass?		What's so frustrating is that there are alot of good bands out there who can't get a record contract.  Cinderella hasn't done a new studio album in over 10 years.		This cd is boring.  If you want to hear something good, get Licensed to Ill.  That is an awesome Beastie Boys cd.  It all went downhill after that.
1,Ok I'll admit I'm white and I know this not real rap....How in the world did 90's g funk rap come to this crap...It show that to be a rapper nowday's doesnt take alot of talent come up with a hit....All you need is a club beat and some dumb  lines like I got ice and I'm rollin on dubs and it will sell regardless....I know I cant really convince most people not to buy this mainly because most modern rap fans nowday's are  between the ages of 10-16 and there used to pretty boy rap....If your like me like real rap about the streets and not the materialistic crap not most average people can't relate to stay away....Good rappers a re like brotha lynch hung,scareface,gangsta n.i.p.,celly cel,spice 1,yukmouth,crime boss,bone thugs real artist that rep the street not backstreet boys or 98% rap...So bascially rap sucks now and Ive move to different type of music....
1,Hey, Elio... you're wrong on two counts: The Scissor Sisters are a novelty band (not hot), and they aren't British. You are flamboyantly fu*cking misinformed.
1,This 1 star review is for a misleading listing by Amazon and not the music itself. The combining of reviews from 16-18 years ago for the original 2 disc set of "Do What You Like" (a 2 disc release of "Airforce 1, 2 and Stratavarious") and this single disc set, which is a separate release altogether, led me to believe that I was getting the original release of those three recordings which it most assuredly is not. This purchase is being returned unopened to Amazon.
1,The early Glass music with saxophones and Farfisa Organs was powerful stuff. It was when his ideas were taking shape, on the slow transformations of timbre, where mists of harmonies slowly change over a repetitive pulse.  When these ideas were introduced into theatre and opera they captured a  kind of primitiviness with the help of Robert Wilson who made Einstein on  the Beach for instance what it was. Since that time roughly 1976,all Glass  has fallen into a vacuous time warp where what began as interesting ways of  making one-dimensional surface music, through process and timbral  transformations simply became market conconctions for breeze easy  listening. But today if you venture to listen to Glass, the string  quartet,I suppose provides a purist genre in which to survey and examine  some of these theories now in a truncated and diluted state. All these  quartets sound the same to me,like one monolith colossus quartet, and  that's great for the Kronos always likes to blend into each other as much  as possible,there are no personalities emerging here as you might find in  the variegated and thornier Arditti Quartet. Although Glass was shrewd  enough to realize that he works best within the safe confines of a  programmatic agenda,he doesn't know how to distinguish,nor create unique  images that feeds and nourishes his materials. Creativily it is like he can  only use one brush to paint a multitude of programmatic images. One brush  that got bigger as time went on,losing nuance and detail.
1,For an explanation as to why Blaze Bayley destroyed Iron Maiden, read my review of the X-FACTOR.		Now that that's out of the way, there are only two redeeming elements in this recording - 'Clansman' and 'Futureal'.  These are both well written Iron Maiden songs that sound fantastic when Bruce sings them at concerts and on live albums, but you will not enjoy the songs nearly as much on this piece of junk that they tried to pass off as a Maiden album.  Don't waste your money.  Please.
1,If you are looking for music by Louis Bacalov, do not bother.  A distinctly undistinguished mishmash of pieces by different artists and interpreters amounting to a a second rate score, almost like a parody of the Spaghetti Western musical style, which is in itself a parody of . . . .and so on and so on.  Mercifully short, and even then, a waste of time and money. In fact, it made me realize I would have hated the movie as well.  If you want the true Bakalov sound, try Il Postino or Sea of Dreams.
1,Being a huge Whitney fan from her first album, I am very dissapointed. First, the only excellent song is "Try it on my Own" produced by Babyface. If she had more songs produced and written by Babyface and brought back Dianne Warren, this album would have been excellent. Having her husband Bobby produce the album was the biggest mistake. I also thought 10 songs was another bad decision. Not only 10 songs, but all of them aren't originals. I just feel she threw this together because Arista asked for one. I'm hoping she learns from this and puts out an unbelieveable next album.
1,I had forgotten the reason I never bought Ram when it was first issued, but now I remember. It stunk then and still stinks today. Hopes had been high after McCartney's quite excellent first solo album following the break-up of the Beatles, but for Sir Paul it has been mostly all downhill from there. The only reason his records sell at all is that people must think that because he was so good with the Beatles, that his genius will continue eternally. But if you really stop and think of all the silly and commercial crap he has issued over the years, that notion evaporates.	Listening to this remastered album, I find that it doesn't even sound as good as the original which didn't sound good at all. But at least you get a CD of "bonus" outtakes and rejected songs that ease the pain of money poorly spent. It is actually better than the principal recording and contains two, count 'em, two, worthwhile tunes. Those are the pop smash Another Day and a rollicking Great Cock and Seagull Race. That's it!	One can only imagine what they did to the poor ram, but at least the packaging is an attractive six-panel digipak accompanied by an attached booklet containing lyrics to songs on the original album plus lots of Paul and Linda pictures if anybody cares. This one is going to spend a lot of time gathering dust. If you are a McCartney completeist, you'll have to have it. Otherwise, take my advice and save your cash.
1,YES, WELL DONE, YOU MANAGED TO PLAY EVERY INSTRUMENT WRETCHEDLY, just explain y they need 3 drummers, to be frank, 2 of the drummers just stand there hitting things hard! The singer must get his balls wrenched every time he opens his mouth, and i only found out they had some guitar(ists, theres probably about ten round the back playing aswell)  cos I looked at the back of the album, it says:	SLIPKNOT:	Corey:vocals(aaargh, roooooarr, my balls!!)	Mick:guitar(not exactly Jimi Hendrix)	Sid:turntables(uh? turntables my a***)	Shawn:CUSTOM PERCUSSION!!!!!!(WOT???PRECISELY BASHING THINGS HARD)	THEN THERES CHRIS WHO ALSO DOES CUSTOM PERCUSSION.	!!!	WOTS GOING ON
1,This cd is horrible. I can't believe Sony would put their customers' computers at risk like this! I will never buy another Sony product of any kind. I don't trust them anymore!		BOYCOTT SONY!
1,Too honky tonk for me, not folk/country
1,If you like real good country music, you'll hate this [...] offering.  Glaser sucks an insurmountable amount of wind.  this is watered down overproduced garbage.  I'd never heard him before.  I bought it because he is a friend of Tom T's (Hall mentions Glaser in a song).  What a mistake.  Can I return this garbage?	Note: If you like Kenny Rogers or Dr. Hook, you may like this album.
1,I Have been a fan since 1990 but This is such a disappointment.	Yes -I have the cd,	No -I don't listen to it anymore,	No -will I intend to ever listen to it again	yes -I feel inclined to toss this cd into the garbage can	No- words cant describe the wackness and disappointing feel of this album	Yes- the cd is what the title and the cover indicate..........pop songs with (little)style but no substance, nice crossover but can't make the J, nice looking cake but it falls in the middle, good cast bad execution, etc.	Catch My Drift?  Dont get me wrong I Love Mariah Carey and she is one of my favorite singers but Mariah what were you thinking?  Please go back to what you are good at.  Readers and buyers should think of NOT buying this and the joy it will bring them.  Only hardcore fans need apply. Buy At Your Own Risk!
1,Where can I start?  The Blue Album is a classic album with sixties pop hooks and harmonies.  Pinkerton, the follow-up, is weird and experimental, but definitely still worth listening to.  The Green Album has a couple good songs, but that's about it.  Which brings us to Maladroit.  Weezer started off as a great band on their first two albums.  Somehow along the way, they started to decline with the Green Album and now are further declining with Maladroit.  While Maladroit has a couple good songs, the rest of it isn't worth listening to.  Where are the pop hooks from the Blue Album?  Where's the experimental edge from Pinkerton?  The majority of the songs on Maladroit were written and performed with a half-hearted effort from the band, in my opinion.  Let's hope Album #5 is a much better effort!
1,An absolute waste.		If I weren't a fan/collector of anything Beatle related, I wouldn't have considered purchasing this.  Now that I have, I regret it.
1,I like psyc guitar, the more fuzz & the more hendrixy the better.  Gales guitar work is quite acomplished, but a little to clean for my tastes.  There isn't enough grit and heaviness, fuzz and reverb.  In short, he doesn't use the full potential of the guitar.  But he is quite talented in Stevie Ray Vaughn kinda way.		This record really loses something for me though when it comes to the singing and lyrics.  There is too much concentration on the lyrics, the guitar parts have no room or time to develop because they're always being cut short by the decidedly average sining.  And when it comes to the lyrics, well he's lucky he graduated high school.  I would have enjoyed this a hell of a lot more if it was an instrumental record.  But for some reason, instrumental records don't sell as well as those with vocals.  I mean, how many instrumental songs do you hear on rock/pop radio? So many artists feel compelled to add lyrics, even when their strengths lay elsewhere.  After about 3/4 of the way through, I had to stop the disc because the vocals were pissing me off to much. I don't like it when music makes me angry.		So in short, 3.5 stars for the guitar parts and 1 star for the annoying vocals/lyrics.
1,I'm surprised to still see this on sale! Contrary to the reviews here, this was an experimental album that flopped for this reviewer.	The songs are dodgy and Plant's musical direction is muddled. If you're a Zep fan and want to explore Plant's career - any other album except this one would be recommended.	Don't waste your time on this!
1,Returned CD because not only are the acoustics terrible but the singer doesn't sound like Glen Campbell. Better to obtain individual tracts when possible.
1,U2 were an albums band!!!		Buy the albums War, The Unforgettable Fire, and The Joshua Tree!!!		Trust me, you won't be dissapointed!!!!
1,This has got to be the worst choral group I have ever heard. They don't know the meaning of unison. Individual voices stick out all over the place. It isn't pretty. I have heard much better a cappella by the Bel Canto group at St. Charles North High School, in which my daughter sang between 2000 and 2004.
1,Green Day. what a joke.		even thought I think green day is untalented just like any other pop punk band, atleast you could listen to dookie once or twice before it got old.  but this stuff sucks.		Modern music has got so bad recently, anything looks good now.		another note, this is not punk.		1 last note, they are trying to cash on on the latest "i hate america" trend.		You fools are buying it.  So i guess the title is right, american's are IDIOTS
1,Isn't it interesting that Madonna's latest "Hard Candy" and Duran Duran's latest "Red Carpet Massacre" both feature contributions from the likes of Justin Timberlake and producer Timbaland, yet Duran Duran's album is light years better: as a dance record, as a pop album, lyrically, vocally, you name it. And this is not the first time we've been subjected to Madonna's "gansta bitch Barbie" persona ["Music", anyone?] It didn't work so hot then, it still aint working now. Worse, she really does come off like some 'past it' veteran riding the coattails of Furtado, Stefani, etal. Sad, very sad. The song structures are awkward and contrived, her vocals sound pretty tame, and those lyrics would embarrass Hannah Montana, for Chirssakes! Of course, the Madonna fanbase of cultist proportions will not approach this CD with even an ounce of objectivity, and dismiss any honest criticism as mere 'hating', but when you consider Miss Thing just got inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame [over older musicians who've actually recorded rock music for three decades,] giving her a free pass with this mess of urban contemporary iPod fodder would be really inexcusable. And let's not even discuss the abysmal duet with Justin "4 Minutes." It felt way, way longer listening to it - less Kabbalah, more songwriting classes, please.
1,The majority of the singers singing with Juan Gabriel are not famous,	nobody know them.
1,EXP isn't even the same song.  This must be a bootleg.
1,wasnt what i thought
1,Listen to these dudes names (LOL)!  Can somebody tell me where in the blue hell these guys came from?  This album was pretty wack, and their hit-single, "Who Wants This?" isn't very impressive either.  The production was sub-par and the quality of their lyrical flow-tations isn't very good either.  These guys constantly rhyme throughout their record 'Crash the Party' about how good they can flow, yet, ANYBODY can rhyme when they write it down on a piece of paper.  I'd LOVE to see these guys try and spit poetry on an open mic and really see how much fire they got in their artillery.  Until then, I can think nothing more of them other than them being just another pointless duo who can do nothing spectacular for hip-hop.  As far as the album goes, the only joint I can recommend is "Lets Get Naked," but even that cut is barely decent.  Expect Smilez and Southstar to disappear from the scene very soon.
1,I now have to wonder if this original footage actually had sound.  This 'product' was filmed at some amazing live MC5 performances, yet the footage, as engaging as it is, is spliced erratically with no real relation to the music.  The track selection is excellent, but these performances are available on cd already (the DVD features a surround sound option for audio).  Soon I found myself more annoyed with the erratic editing than entertained, and it was only the sheer awe of seeing them in action that held my interest throughout this release.		The Sinclair interview is interesting, but also marred by an audio track that runs throughout the interview in which Sinclair and another musician make loopy beatnik sounds and words, distracting from the Sinclair interview.		I guess when you've done that many drugs, you'll throw anything together to make a buck.
1,Whoof!  I have to agree with the other reviewers on this one.  The sound "upgrade", if it can be called that, is a major disappointment.  In the first week of the new Dylan remasters' release, I went out and bought four of my favorite albums for replacement, including this one, "John Wesley Harding".  Compared to the others, the sound on this one is really poor.  I get practically nothing from my surround sound speakers; it's almost monaural.  Instruments rise up in the mix and then drop down again, with no consistency, from song to song and even within songs.  Bob's harmonica, which is on many, many of the songs is way up in the mix, sounding piercing and shrill (and I don't mean his playing).  Was there a problem with the original master?  There just does not seem to be the clarity and fullness of sound on this remaster as there is on the others I've listened to, particularly "Bringing It All Back Home" and "Blood on the Tracks".  I understand that, in order to make the release deadline for these Dylan remasters, Sony hired a variety of producers and engineers, assigning them in teams to different albums.  I believe that that has led to some inconsistencies in the remixing, but what went wrong on "John Wesley Harding"?  Folks, save your money if you haven't bought this one.  Maybe Sony will note these responses and "re-upgrade" this album.
1,Let's face it people, Lil Wayne as a rapper, is sorry.  He has no skills.  Sure he can churn out a nice verse or line every now and then but what professional rapper can't?  He does have a nice lil flow but his voice is messed up and he does too much whispering.  But he is captivating sometimes and is also fun to listen to with his deep southern drawl.  Another amazing feat is that he only curses on one song( the guests curse) which is really something considering the content of today's music.	The Beats provided by Mannie Fresh are tight as always and is probably the only reason CashMoney was even noticed.  Don't be mistaken, Mannie's beats bang and are nowhere near simplistic.  Their rhyming capability can range from horrible...to manageable.	The title track is a classic song, I can't front.  It is still tight today and I listen to it on the regular.  The beat is ... tight and Wayne comes unusually tight on this song.  Kisha is a very tight song about the Hot Boyz trying to "get" with this girl named (duh) Kisha.  Beat is nice and mellow and really hits well if you are driving at night.  High Beamin is a nice laid back song featuring B.G.  Wayne comes with another nice verse and it is perfect for cruisin.  ...The World is heartfelt and is an average track.  Drop It like Its Hot is fast paced song perfect to get the guls booty dancing.  Not Like Me is arguably the best song on the album it has a sorta jamaican mixed with egyptian beat and is very pimpish and the guy singing the chorus is butter.	If so many songs are tight why such a low rating you ask?  Well, Young Playa is in one word pitiful.  Loud Pipes and Watcha Gon Do are just plain out wack.  Remember Me is horrendous and I hope I never remember this song and would be beneficial if I never heard it again in my life.  Enemy Turf is Horrid. The rest of the songs aren't even worth mentioning, and to top it off most of their lyrics are lame and played.  I'm not hating, that's just how it is.	Basically this cd DOES have some tight songs on it, BUT the majority of the album is wack.  If you like CashMoney you MIGHT like this.  If you hate CashMoney this will not change your opinion.
1,Ordinario,son de esos discos que suenan un rato,despues van a la basura,aparte de ser mediocre vocalmente hablando,Shakira sin sus hips no es nadie,yo,ni a 1 centavo compro su disco,mi oido se afino escuchando a Ana Belen y otras grandes CANTANTES.
1,yes the cd is a massacre because it was just terrible, the hooks the lyrics he so called beef track which was just another gimmick hook track....awful, i didn't buy it but i did hear it before it came out, so don't think i am just hating...the track that is actually good is ryder music, the beat is nice , which couldve been without 50 on it....but overall, i am not feelin game but his cd was better than 50's which is what i believe is another reason why they have....garbage....and to DALTON HIGGINS, keep kissin G-unit a**....we see who you are riding with...if ya'll want real hip hop, go pick up a CORMEGA CD...
1,Wow...I can't believe I'm wastin my time on reviewing a Creed album. I'll cut this short. They had nothing to say, they had nothing new to bring to the music world and that's exactly why they didn't have any reason to exist as a band. I bless the day they FINALLY broke up...too bad that stupid singer is going to go solo...they won't stop annoy me with this pre-chewed, seen-a-thousand-billion-times-before, made-for-radio type of music.
1,Didn't these guys alter the name to just MOTT? I can see why. This is hardly the band anyone would remember. Since the songwriting fell heavy on Ian Hunter, when he left, so did the good songs. There is very little here that sounds like the "old" Mott the Hoople. Basically this is a mediocre album by a band with an identity crisis. The playing isn't (that)bad, the lead singer is annoying, and the songs are just plain weak.		There was alot of crappy music released in the 70's. This is proof.		Skip it. Get the good stuff!
1,Kelly, I beg of you.  Dump the hacks who are ruining your career, be true to yourself, stop letting them overproduce and overprocess your music and let your beautiful VOICE stand on it's own!  The overproduction is KILLING your music and disguising the true gift of that voice of yours.  I would so love you to do more ballads and songs with a better message than "my life would suck without you".  You are so talented, but, unfortunately, it looks like you were saddled with some real half-wits to manage your career.  Disappointed.
1,This is AWFUL!! I love Vai's music, and as usual his guitar is the greatest.  But where the idea came for this arranged marriage...  Like, "oh yah, let's join screaming metal guitar with kettle drums and oboes and lots of brass, I don't why nobody thought of this yet"  I'll tell you why: because it is awful.  I listened to it every day for ten days and still the only enjoyable part was the guitar.  Guess what?  I already have the guitar music on the original CDs, although the recording of the crowd is great, as if I'm in a Roman Coliseum, lots of roaring.  This album has a lot of five star reviews, but the fact that it costs new more than $20 before shipping fees, but second-hand goes for $8 (for a double album)may suggest that a lot of other people wonder about its value.  If you liked Robert Plant singing "All of My Love" you'll like this.
1,If you liked Arepa 3000, then this is the clone album, but without the tasty songs. The band's sound IS here, but the tunes now sound repetitive, and if you've heard this band's previous 3 albums, then you'll realize that this is the same as the 3rd album, and the band is not going anywhere. Their music is not evolving in this album as has in the other 3.	Gone are the clever word play, one track not even bothering, replacing it with an obscene title to attract radio play, and gone are the catchy tunes. Maybe you can salvage a track or two, but by now, the band just sounds like they put out a contractual obligation album, or maybe they got fat and they did not care to explore new music, improve their weak songs, or want to bother any more.	And it's a pity - I saw this band when they just started - I bought their first album based on the COVER without hearing the music first - a gamble that paid off. This band can make even a Bruce Springsteen fan get up and dance.	But here, it's just a great disappointment that - unfortunately - only got worse with their NEXT album.	My recommendation: listen to it online, but before you go out and buy it, listen also to any of their first 3 albums.	But if you must have it, buy it used. Not really worth full price for this one.
1,It's ok. Not a great selection of songs. Bebes voice is not the greatest . She is really a better dancer than singer.
1,Sadly, the Young Frankenstein soundtrack is just not good. If you have seen the movie you will know everything that is going on, but because there is so much physical comedy the soundtrack is only laugh out loud funny if you can watch the movie in your head. The singers are winy, intentionally or not, its not nice to listen too. The lyrics are no where near as clever as The Producers in fact the innuendos are so over done its annoying. The only thing that is slightly enjoyable on the soundtrack is Sutton Foster, but even she can't do much. I was so excited to get the soundtrack but after a couple spins I was greatly disappointed. Of course collectors should get this, and maybe if you've seen the show, get this as a souvenir, but otherwise this is a pass. Favorite song (only because its Foster's Feature): "Listen to Your Heart."
1,Mickey Mouse songs
1,Ok well we all know this famouse song called "My Band" right well I kinda thought it was ok so when I saw this album at the music shop I said what the hell let me get it there are like 21 tracks on the CD so there probly atleast a few good songs well I was wrong!	This album is a waist of money there is only 3 songs that are ok out of this album which is realy a fail to me in my book.	Anyways Im just warning you guy's to not get it cause it's dissapointing....
1,I have to compare this CD to a boxer. A bad one. He keeps coming into the ring with the best of intentions and the best of his skill but always gets knocked out. The fights are ugly ones, ones you know that he can't win but tries anyways. But even the worst fighter has fans, and thats how I veiw Benzino. Hip-Hops tomato can.		Ben pro record  0 wins - 4 loses - 0 draws
1,I'm generally a Jamie Foxx, but this CD is disappointing. Jamie is 41 years old now, and maybe I expected songs that reflected his age. This CD makes Jamie come off like a immature boy, and not a man in his 40s.
1,Some if his best songs in years but the production is bad. Very muddy and poorly mixed. Sounds like Yngwie mixed this at home with small speakers. The fake low end is fuzzy. Oddly, guitars often buried in mix. Vocal overdubs distracting. Cannot cover up bad singing by layering tracks King Diamond style. Yngwie is plagiarizing himself in several movements. This is nothing new and forgiven as the stuff he's done is extraordinary. Much better songs this time around. Malmsteen dropped the blues tracks for this album and I for one applaud the decision. Cant stand 12 bar and it never suited malmsteen. He can play great classical movements and the blues tracks were folksy junk to my ears. This album is very Yngwie thru out with non of those turd tracks. Most of the album is instrumental but the vocals tracks are all Yngwie himself. Not the worst singer but very limited. Obviously Mr Perfect pitch would know this better than anyone so I assume its a money matter.		If not for the terrible production I would write more play by play. I think its going to be a deal breaker for many. There are some great instrumentals. It doesnt sound like an album though. More like a guy at home jamming away and recording it on a little portable. I have heard  indie bands with no budget that sound way better than this "production" Yngwie states took 2 years.		Something is wrong in camp Yngwie. Watch out with merch as well! I got burned and Yngiwes management (wife) is not pleasant.
1,I seriously do not see what all these people who have reviewd found so great about stripedd!	yeah, christina has a powerfull voice, but she screams so much that is annoying. Some songs like can't hold us down are so ridiculous that is not even funny. And then there are some songs that you wonder if you haven't heard it before!	and the big problem i have with this cd is that there are too many songs...twelve was enough!
1,All the songs are about a minute long and the album sounds like it was recorded by Robert Johnson. There is no reason to spend money on this album. I assure you even the biggest Yeah Yeah Yeahs fan won't be missing out.
1,Somewhere between the beautiful and colorful cd album cover and the informative, well written liner notes there is an ugly sounding cd. The selection of songs is excellent but the remastered sound is 3rd rate. I have the original phonograph record versions as well as the 1993 Vee Jay re-issues remastered by Gordon Skene for cd, and I also have the Collectables remastered cd versions. This particular cd is the worst sounding cd I have ever heard. The bass is mostly out of phase and the music sounds as if sombody tried to remaster this music using a graphic equalizer and a limiter and a cassette recorder. The volume of the tracks has also been compromised. I have other Charly released cds which sound decent, I don't have any idea what happened here. This is a real step backward for Charly of the UK. Vee Jay records in it's day used to have some of the cleanest sounds around. A perfect example of Vee Jay's sound can be heard on 'The Best Of Jerry Butler' on the Rhino label. On the Butler cd one can hear the the way a Vee Jay record is supposed to sound. 1 star is all I can give this one.
1,If you like the older bad religion albums (the good stuff) you'll hate this cd. It has a few good songs such as at the mercy of imbeciles.  if you are new to bad religion buy a better album such as suffer, no control, or recipe for hate. I wish this Cd was worth the $20 i paid at the record store but its not, save your money or buy a better Cd.
1,I've been following Rancid for about 8 years now--I've even met the band members at Warped Tour. Sadly, I must admit that this record was a great disappointment on several levels. Let me explain:		1) Lyrics: I lost count of how many songs Lars has to state and restate his point about himself being a "Viking" and having intercourse with prostitutes in every city. Too bad Lars never graduated high school, otherwise he'd know that Vikings raided the coasts of Europe and raped women instead of paying them for it. I guess some people might like to hear "I've had s** with underage women..." Puulleeaase!		2) Music: The music is below par.  I guess on this record Tim Armstrong only helped on a few tracks (and you can tell which ones by if they hurt your ears or not).  Marie Marie is done well, and I was glad to finally hear a studio version of the bootleg only Rancid song "Little Rude Girl."		3) Well I guess lyrics and music are what makes up a record. Oh yeah, the booklet. SAME OLD THING: Bad handwriting all over the record sleeve, but this time they have a bunch of pixilated, bad digital photographs of prostitutes everywhere.  Wow Lars, you sure are cool. *swoon*		That's all folks; I hope I have convinced you not to waste your $13.99 on a terrible album about nothing. If you're going to buy this at least get it used so that Lars doesn't see the money--I'd hate to encourage such habits....as long as I have to hear about them.
1,Mos Def's latest album is "The New Danger" (2004). Sometimes I enjoy it when artist's experiment and get creative delivering music that is memorable. Other time's I feel like the artist has moved in a direction I am not interested in. This is one of those cases, I could give Mos props for all his past work and say this is a good album but I would not be expressing my true feelings. I am not feeling the rock based tracks, Mos's singing, rhyming, choice of beats and this album on a whole. To me its like Mos pushed himself to much trying to deliver many musical influences and remain orginal and ended up not shining in any of them. Part of my problem may be I came looking for Mos the MC, and found his presence limited and not nearly as impressive as his past work. My advice to people who are interested in this, listen to it with an open mind, if you have a broader sense of musical taste then this reviewer and are willing to give it more time then I did you may enjoy it, then again you may come to the same conclusion.
1,This was a terrible CD. The only song worth hearing is track # 1: Just Got Wicked. The other songs are clunkers. Don't waste your money on this. It's not worth it. Borrow it from a friend or burn some of the songs off a CD burner. But don't buy it.
1,Kick-ass Southern Rock doesn't have to use racist imagery.  We can do without the Confederate Flag on the dog, for godsake!  Maybe most men could excuse the gorgeous "girl" in the cotton print dress and cowboy boots, but do we have to look at Kenneth's "Cracker" tatoo? "There's bones lyin' in that clay"?  And what about the bones of hundreds of thousands of slaves that died in the South with no grave markings whatsoever.  Can I find them in Harris Cemetery?.  Maybe Mr. Young WAS right.		Can't believe that Lucinda Williams would tour with such....
1,dio is some nerd who writes 4th grade lyrics about wizards and golden keys he has a great voice but who cares if the musics so so lame basically a whiney almost opera like singer talking about his magic wheel while the awful awful band plays the same 2 chords everysong and drum beats that sound like eye of the tiger if u notice most the fans of this guy are from overseas never a good sign o if you want to see what the word poser stands for buy this generic lame hard rock cd
1,Bette finally loses all her teeth with this latest recording. There was a time when she carefully chose material that spoke to her, often changing the arrangements and left her heart, soul and an original stamp on the song. Well those stopped selling, so she did the songbook albums which sold very well for her and were among her most un-inspired. However, they sold well and created the formula that exists on this karaoke-sounding recording. Her albums, even when misguided were always interesting. I really enjoyed the poor selling "Bette". I view that among her last interesting records.		This album is really pandering and sad. The only glimpse of Bette is 'Waterfalls'-a wonderful interpretation, so download that. The rest is elevator music quite honestly. There is absolutely no edge to this recording, no originality. It seems like a final nail in her selling out to sell records.		I'll always love Bette but this is dismal stuff.
1,How could such a great combination of songs and singers turn out so badly??? The whole album sounds thrown-together, as if most of the songs were recorded in just in one take with no rehearsals.  Sister Hazel's performance of "Gold Dust Woman" is at least decent (and I am a BIG Sister Hazel fan!), but frankly, that isn't one of the best songs from Rumours anyway. And Duncan Sheik (whom I normally like very much) absolutely MASSACRES "Songbird" -- I can't even stand to listen to it.  Elton John does an unusually lousy job, too -- the words of "Don't Stop" are almost unintelligible.  I am so glad I bought my copy really cheap on ebay, because I couldn't re-sell it and am throwing it out!
1,The disaster movie to end all disaster movies, 2012 is an apocalyptic action adventure directed by Roland Emmerich who, not content with destroying New York twice in Godzilla and The Day After Tomorrow, or destroying most of the United States in Independence Day, has now gone one better and destroyed the entire world. The film is based on the old legend of the highly accurate calendars created by the ancient Mayan civilization which `ran out' in the year 2012, causing some to believe that they predicted the end of the world, and stars John Cusack, Amanda Peet, Danny Glover, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Thandie Newton and Oliver Platt as the men and women caught up in the global cataclysm.		2012 marks the second instance of composer Harald Kloser also being responsible for the film's screenplay after his debut work 10, 000 BC last year. Naturally, he also writes the film's score, with assistance from his regular collaborator, fellow Austrian Thomas Wander (who changed his surname from Wanker, for obvious reasons). Given the nature of the film, one would expect 2012 to be a monumental, apocalyptic action score of the highest order. In fact the right raw materials are in place - large orchestra, choir, appropriate electronic enhancements, large cinematic canvas on which to paint - but it's actually an enormous disappointment.		The problem with 2012 is the sheer lack of imagination; it's just so predictable and so characterless as to be stupefying. It wants to be heroic, wants to be stirring, wants to be epic, but ends up sounding like a bad parody of itself. It's patriotic wallpaper covering the cracks in the film, hoping no-one will notice how bland it is, because it's loud and fast and tonally pleasant and manages to find the chord progressions that push the right emotional buttons of the audience. Even the action cues - "Spirit of Santa Monica", "Run Daddy Run", "Leaving Las Vegas", "Saving Caesar" and others - which are normally a mainstay of scores like this seem by-the-numbers, as of they were written by a piece of software called EpikSkore101 rather than a living, breathing composer.		To be fair, some of the cues do contain some attractive (if, again, staggeringly generic) moments, notably the choral parts of "Ashes in D.C.", "Nampan Plateau", "Open the Gates" or "2012: The End of the World", but these moments are few and far between. Ironically, the most entertaining track on the album is actually the superb modern rock song "Time for Miracles", written by former Eleven members Alain Johannes and the late Natasha Shneider, and performed by American Idol runner-up Adam Lambert. If that doesn't tell you something, nothing does.
1,Metallica is trying to be everything to all people and again, failing at everything. Anyone that claims this is anything like the old metallica need to go back and listen to the old suff again. Metallica died with Cliff Burton and they just forgot to bury the rest of the band. They've been doing nothing but stinking up the place ever since.
1,I don't know, man - this is exactly the type of thing i SHOULD like given my other tastes in music, but this album just left me cold.  These guys can play, and the singer has some vocal skill - but they are just SO stale and unoriginal that it's almost embarassing.  I mean, i love the Stooges as much as the next fool, but this guy is like method acting an Iggy persona circa 1972 and he's just got NO SOUL at all.  He even goes so far as to do the "Can you FEEEEL it" bit that garage bands have been ripping off since time immemorial (or 1978, whichever was first). It's not that it sounds BAD per say - it's just that it's so hopelessly CONTRIVED.  They borrow so heavily from other bands (Stooges, GnR, Jesus and Mary Chain, Mudhoney) that every song on the album reminds me of at least two other better bands that i'd rather be listening to. They imitate all the same fashionable retro bands that everyone else has been stealing from for the last five years or so, but they contribute nothing. It's like a condiment stew, as some would have it, or it's all style and NO substance, as others might say. Again, these guys actually have some musical ability - they cut and paste pretty decently - but, if this album is any indication, they really don't have any good ideas of their own. I'm not even sure where the Black Flag and other punk comparisons come into play - except that these guys seem like the type to sport a Black Flag t-shirt on stage to enhance their percieved credibility.  I hate to say it, but even though this album isn't technically bad, most of it is bullsh*t. Maybe if you give them a few more albums they'll develop into something worth hearing, but then again, why should you even grant them that much of your attention? More robotic teenage cliche's for the millenial pop-music grist mill; and though they may still someday take the world by storm, i don't think it's very likely.  I kinda feel like the worst part about it isn't just that this is trendy now, but also that theyve probably actually been around enough to know better. Over-sexed (or maybe UNDER-sexed) kids who LOVE being looked at but who have absolutely nothing to say that might warrant one's paying attention.  It's dumb and off-putting, even for someone who's grown used to (and maybe even a little fond of) hearing the SAME stuff rehashed again and again. If you want a GOOD album that has a similar sound and attitude but doesn't bother with the textbook 70's rock protocol i strongly suggest Rye Coalition's "Lipstick Game", otherwise save your money and go listen to your Stooges records.
1,Email sent to eaglevision.		I wish to return the DVD Ted Nugent - Sweden Rocks. The title has been opened, so I'm unable to return it to the retailer (Best Buy). I have kept my receipt. Item purchased yesterday.		Reason for return - package say's 16:9 screen format. This concert was shot in 4:3. Online web links said 16:9 format, not true.
1,A CD that you have to be over 50, materially comfortable, and on Ecstasy to enjoy. There's a few solid Bruce type moments on this recording, mainly the ones that don't utilize an orchestra and a chorus on them. I'm a Bruce minimalist. His greatest music is always stripped down rock and roll, blues, and folk. "Lucky Day", "Blind Eye","The Wrestler" I can relate to. The title track, "Working on A Dream" gets your hopes up and then turns out to be bland and pointless. And the rest, unfortunately, sounds something like boomer Muzak. I must add that the great drummer, Max Weinberg, is wasted here and might as well be a drum machine on this sweet and gooey mess. Why bother to employ Nils Lofgren if he doesn't get solos? Not what you would wish for as a send off for Danny.
1,We all know that Marty Friedman is an incredible guitar player and a very good songwriter.  The guitar work on this is scary good...but we all knew what Marty can do on the axe.  The songs however, have a lot to be desired.  It's just frantic, chaotic, dissonant wankery without any form or function.  I really couldn't enjoy anything on here, so I'll just leave this one alone and chalk it up to something that just doesn't resonate with me.  Hopefully on the next album, he decides to write some songs that are a bit more melodic and structured.
1,The Bee Gees have a great legacy of music, but I purchased this concert in hopes of enjoying the hits from their best album sound track "Saturday Night Fever" and their other great 70's hits. Unfortunately, they skirted past most of these hits in favor of songs more popular with their hardcore fans.  A big disappointment!
1,Wow ...... What a bunch of crap!  I can't imagine how anyone could enjoy this CD, seriously.  More than half the tracks were painful to listen to while two or three were only bearable.
1,i like quarashi's sound, it's fun and enegertic.  but it doesn't really move anywhere or explore any possibilites.  i think they have some real talent but these guys seem too content just throwing out obscene expressions like a bunch of 15 year olds that have finally gotten a hold of the main office's pa system.  i have to say that the people who try to push these guys as sounding like korn are TOTAL MORONS.  quarashi sounds sort of like the beastie boys  on steroids...that's the best comparison i can think of.  if you're not really looking for anything deep or particularly inspiring but instead want some mindless music, quarashi is fun.  but if you have enough of that in your collection already, skip this one.
1,This Tommy's first cd away from the super group STYX.  Unable to freely express his self, or his music he left the group and recorded this cd, which was to had rejected STYX songs, plus a few newly written songs.  Judging from the material, most of them should not have been on a STYX cd.  Not to say that they are bad, but the are not up the STYX bar.	  Girls with Guns is keyboard heavy rocker, with a sing along chours, that's hard to forget.  Come in and Explain, with it's heavy guitars is a  good example of the over the top singing that Shaw does on this cd.  Lonely School with it's down beatness, is sad song about a lost love.  Kiss me Hello, has a good piano bridge in the middle.  Free to Love is up beat, with agood beat.  Rest of the songs are pretty weak.  But one thing that keeps this cd from taking off, besides the song wrtting, is the production.  This cd is so over the top in production, that it makes most of the songs unbearable.  The only song that the production reaaly works on is "Girls".  The production, has a lot of reverb, the sound is so spread out, that it takes away from the punch of the songs.	  Maybe,Dennis was right not to have alot of thses on a STYX cd, but under STYX (his) prodution, these may have been great songs, and big hits, for the group.
1,the effects on the songs are dated,but even the songs themselves(lyrics,structure,background vocalists)just don't meld together well for me. I was expecting more I guess.
1,The production is too polished here making the album sound more 'metal' but the songs are too redundant and generic. Sounds like Slayer at an all time low. Not much melodic swede-metal riffs here that make it an Entombed album. Starjvind's drumming is straight forward but rather uninteresting which is in my book rather dissappointing; lots of double but nothing much else. Buy THE HAUNTED 'ONE KILL WONDER' instead. That album is what Morning Star should have been.
1,Ok, whatever happened to the boys from Dagenham, Essex, England.	The answer lies in this limited edition of Sounds of the Universe.		Martin Gore, Dave Gahan and Andy Fletcher have are all grown up, but	somehow still look cool in Raybans and leather. As most fans of DM	know they all reside in the USA, for touring, studio and financial	reasons.[re-Baron Kessler Management] In 1988 Depeche rocked with	such energy.[Rose Bowl, Depeche Mode 101 and a little earlier Music	for the Masses.] 20 years later they emerge with World Trade photos,	 2 LP's and new technology.		Unfortunately the missing link is still Alan Wilder, who replaced	founding keyboardist Vince Clarke. If you listen to Martin Gore's	solo work, the synthesizer work never could be at Alan's standard.	Hence the melodrama continues. Andy Fletcher, only played bass	chords...and so the story goes. That left Dave Gahan out front	without the brilliance of Wilder. Also Daves' heroin addiction	did not ease the situation.		Nevertheless, Sounds of the Universe is one of the Top 100 CD's of	2009. Altogether Depeche mode have sold in excess of 100 million	records. However "Sounds" does not have the bounce and verve of	earlier work...but they tour all the time..including a tour to	promote this record.		Come on Martin, lets give Dave something to dance to! Fans of	the 'Mode'need the adrenelin rush of black leather and sunglasses,	Second time around....
1,I just received my Oranges & Lemons The Surround Sound Series. The CD plays wonderfully, but the Blu-ray disc does not function. The Ape House logo appears and then the screen goes blank. No menu appears. None of the play functions or menu functions on the player respond. I have tried multiple players and multiple Blu-ray discs (I purchased one directly from Burning Shed in Norwich, UK). I own the other XTC Blu-ray releases and they all work perfectly. I believe there is an issue with the Blu-ray authoring. I really want to hear this album in 5.1!
1,Just boring and honestly it reeks of disaffected "cool"--hard to find any emotional attachment to such mundane vocal deliveries.
1,Not their best work!
1,I believe this product is mistitled.  It is not Haley's third album, it is a weird compilation of standards covered by the group, not bad, just not the album most will be looking for.
1,In Home Before Dark Neil Diamond may have written the first song in pop history to reference a bug stuck in a bowl trying to get out... hardly a poetic image. But he has done it here on his latest outing, once again produced by master producer Rick Rubin. There are some definite "cringe" moments in Home Before Dark, such as when Diamond utilizes the sophmoric commercial device of spelling out the title of one of his songs - Forgotten - letter by letter. He did the same thing in Mission of Love from Three Chord Opera, and also in the title cut from his In My Lifetime collection. When he falls prey to this silly device I think of Hall and Oates singing M-E-T-H-O-D O-F L-O-V-E in their 80's hit Method of Modern Love. I really don't want to think of Hall and Oates at all. Where is the the Neil DIamond who wrote the masterful Stones from 1971, I've Been This Way Before, Lady Magdalene, or Songs of Life. Diamond used to be a great poet, but now one can almost hear the awkward strain of Diamond trying to get a phrase to rhyme in some of these new compositions. Diamond's last several CD's have been billed by his PR as highly personal, intimate, and self revealing. I think most fans have had enough of the intimate, soft side of Diamond. How wonderful would it be if Diamond would release an album of bouncy rock tunes songs that were actually fun to listen to.
1,Rap and Heavy Metal, everybody said it wouldn't mix. But it did and this album isn't the best example of Rap/Metal. Limp Bizket are what kids call "Posers", Thinkin' that their cool even though their lyrics are cheap, Immature, and completly stupid. i can remeber when i was like 8 or 9 i thought the song "Rollin" was the coolest song ever. Now that i'm older and i am into more music i know a good song when i hear one and "Rollin","My Way", "My Generation" don't fit the cut. Also if you listen the same riff is used one more than 1 song. (Which isn't wrong at least if the song is different.) Bands like Anthrax and Rage Against the Machine (Now i see why that guy jumped on stage at the VMA's for they rightfully won the award unlike these guys) would be ashmed to hear where their legacys have ended up. Anthrax were the first to do rap/metal, Rage Against the Machine perfected it, and Limp Bizket destroyed it.
1,I remember when I listened to this record for the first time in a record shop, a mature guy looked truly upset and said "this is garbage!" I was a silly prog rock teen then so I looked at him with contempt. What does this old geezer know, I thought.	Turns out the old geezer was sooooo right.	This album is terrible. Why listening to all that massive keyboard layers in Jerusalem, when any old church choir can do a more convincing, emotional version? Or why listening to Emerson's dubious synth experiments in Toccata, when any good piano player can do it so much better? (in case you don't know, Ginastera's work is originally for piano).	Many people felt really bad when the disco craze came and swept away most of the icons of dinosaur rock, like these guys. In retrospect, I guess the Bee Gees didn't look that bad in comparison.
1,This is NOT a 2007/2009 re-release of this disc as shown in the description. This is the 1999 version. This disc is NOT remastered as in the reviews for this disc. See the Tour Edition for the re-release remastered version.
1,I've seen John Nemeth perform live several times. He's a great singer and his songwriting was fresh and invigorating for the first several albums. This effort is uninspiring though sung well. His best performance is still "Love Me Tonight".
1,All I can say was way back around 2003 I had a part time job in a supermarket deli.  At first it didn't bother me but eventually I started to notice some of the songs being played frequently.  One was this one with over processed vocals way up front and overall a very syrupy (even gooey) production quality.  I mainly remember the chorus  being "I don't want to wait!!..." .  Honestly I was going through a bad time in my life financially and in regards to relationships.  And this song wasn't helping.  It may have been nice for...well not sure...maybe some people may like it but i just cant relate to that as much as I can't relate to people that like eating pickled eggs.  So I left the job at the deli and gladly  put on music more my tastes (The Fall , Einsturzende Neubauten...ie: as far to the other end of the spectrum from what ever this type of music is supposed to be). Then some budweiser commercial  was on tv recently with this song.  And the guy in it mentions how itss  ice skating music (well maybe...i thought I ce skating music was a bit better, more inspiring).  I kindof had to laugh.  So I had to find out who it was that made this song that  worsened my depression and make me feel very nauseous.  I don't mean to sound like some grumbling troll (maybe thats what I am but I think my opinion of this song matters), I don't mean the artist any ill will.  but I do mean to express as a kind of closure and  redemption that  I just plain did not like listening to this song.  It got so bad I had to wear headphones in supermarkets and drugstores where I would hear it.  And as a level of confirmation when I googled it on the internet to find out who it was, I found the lyrics.  They were well meaning but both rambling and oblivious...like someone had taken some  get well cards/best wishes cards and mixed them all together into one big glop of insipid gloop.  Part a hackneyed (and worse easy and cheap choice of a ww 2 veteran story...and if its true it was not well served by this song) and part just rambling existential lets be nice stuff that sure its good and  I agree with it but not how it is thrown at me here .  anyways enough rambling.  Good luck Ms. Cole.  still keep singing but you cant pleas everybody..and a few you may make sick. like me hahaahah.
1,Nothing regarding the intellectual capacity of these musicians of this recording can be derided regarding this cycle, but their intelligence is most certainly misplaced. The breadth with which these forces afford Beethoven and the listener is something that I personally associate with Scriabin or even George Crumb. The phrases are too elongated, and therefore boring and the orchestral accompaniment is uncomfortably tempermental. While everything is wonderfully executed, it all is strikingly uninteresting.		The concerto of this set that turned me off most was the fourth (I feel Beethoven's most difficult to perform successfully). It just isn't done that well. It's overloaded, it doesn't move along, it languishes when it should be energetic and the play between piano and orchestra in the final movement is quite irritating. It's very strange Beethoven.		On page 11 of the liner notes the question is asked, "why another complete recording of Beethoven's concertos?" Aimard answers that he would never have imagined recording these "warhorses." Well, there you go. They are played just so, like warhorses, plodding and abruptly bleating here and there over the course of 3 cds. Pass.		Are there any recommendations to the contrary of this set? I think Gilels/Szell/Cleveland is quite good and Ax/Previn/Royal Phil is decent as well.		The best 4th Concerto?? Guiomar Novaes with Hans Swarovsky, if you can find it.
1,I like simplicit rock as much as the next guy, but c'mon this CD is flat out boring.  Just about every song starts the same, they use some spacey guitar riff, then rock out.  Their first CD was good listened to sparingly,  and this one is just more of the same.  In interviews I've heard them say  that the first album was just a demo.  I'd say if that's true, this album  is an over-produced/effected demo.
1,I felt so bad seeing R. on Oprah when Chris B battered her.	I thought we'd hear some lovely heartfelt songs that would	Reach out and teach other young girls to be careful.	Then S & M comes out like everything is okay.	Now I realize she and Chris engineered some story.	(Quite an extreme publicity stunt).		Maybe a song like	"Cry Me a River" would have been a better lead song	And good title for this CD.		These songs just don't do anything for me.
1,Queensryche sucks.  So does this album.  One star is all it gets.  Now save your cash and wait for Jessica Simpson's new album due in August.
1,It was bad enough when Duran Duran staged their `comeback' and things only grew worse when Motley Crue did the same, but nothing in this world could have prepared me for the return of Billy Idol. Do you think this guy learned anything in the two decades that passed without us having to be subjected to his music (Yes, that's a rhetorical question.)? With artists like Billy Idol presiding over the `80s, it's no wonder that the decade has a bad reputation. If you were a huge fan of `classic' tunes like "White Wedding," "Eyes Without a Face" or the ultra-annoying staple wedding-song version of "Mony Mony", then a) you and I have extraordinarily different taste in music, and b) you'll probably love Devil's Playground. Personally, I think it's really, really bad.		 How in the world can Billy Idol still attempt to sound like a sneering teenager, when we know that the geezer is in his 40's? Devil's Playground plays like a freeze-dried version of "Rebel Yell," with the same fist-pumping bravado and the same canned rock-and-roll riffs, but without the freshness and immediacy of hearing it as something new. "Super Overdrive" or "Scream" aren't bad per se, but sound almost exactly like it's still 1983, and I don't consider that to be a good thing. "Plastic Jesus", though, is so bad that it actually makes me wince. Sample lyrics - "When I'm in a traffic jam, he don't care if I say `damn', I can let all my curses roll..." I'm not making this up. Almost as ludicrous is "Yellin' At the Christmas Tree," a pseudo-punk holiday novelty that will make you long for February. I won't even discuss his attempt at a folksy love song ("Cherie" needs to be heard to be believed) or even more ridiculous, a love song dedicated to his motorcycle called "Summer Running".		 If you are (or were) a fan of Billy Idol, it's time to recognize that his hits haven't aged very well. I suppose it's time for Billy Idol to recognize this as well. At best, Billy Idol was a guilty pleasure in the `80s. In 2005, he's embarrassing. C- Tom Ryan
1,It's rare that I look forward to anything new that comes out, but this is one release I was anxious to buy. One of TFF's strong points is their consistency and quality music. Like a lot of great albums though, you have to listen to it a few times before you "get it". On first listen it was just ok, with a couple of catchy tunes but average. The next day I listened to it again, twice in the same day and I really started to get into many of the tracks. In fact I think 6 of the 12 tracks are great, a couple of them good and 1 or 2 kind of bland. But think about it. Again, you're lucky to buy an album with 2 good tracks, let alone more than half of the album.		I think TFF still has the stuff to keep going. Some bands stay around so long they even start to reuse their own lyrics, but TFF long break allowed both members to get their experimental side out and refine their abilities as musicians (and yes, I know there is some sampling from "Sowing The Seeds", but not in a bad way).		My picks on this album are tracks 1-3 and tracks 5, 11 and 12.		Edit 4/2011:	This is one review I had done that I shouldn't have. I haven't listened to this album since the year I wrote this and sold the CD to a record store not too long after. Just bland nothingness like so many 80s bands that should know when to call it a day. Looking back I was eager to be generous in my words because I was really wanting TFF to make a strong comeback. Didn't exactly happen, now did it?!		Sorry just had to write add that!
1,I must say that there is no more originality in music today. Everyone is stealing music off of other artists and taking ideas off of others. B2K is no exception to this fact. After seeing the success of boy goups like the backstreet boys,some greedy label decided to put together another boy group to make themselves some quick money. This album is as corny and cheesy as it gets. All the songs sound the same and they probably don't even write their own lyrics. Most people fail to recognize that artists aren't about real passion or skill now adays and only do it for the money. You could skip on this horrible release by a bunch of 15 year old wannabe players. DO NOT BUY THIS TRASH!!!
1,Mostly mediocre across the board, although the song Poles Apart is a highlight for me. The performances are good but without the assured and masterful direction of Roger Waters The Division Bell lacks in the songwriting department, and it shows. It wanders aimlessly trying to capture a cohesive sound and purpose but largely fails to live up to what a good Floyd album should be. Unfortunately The Division Bell is weighed down by a mish-mash of pop rock and dreary compositions.
1,The Low Anthem offers a competent collection of Americana on "Oh My God Charlie Darwin."  Ranging in style from old-timey country music to lilting three part harmonies and Tom Waits infused raveups, it seems that The Low Anthem can do no wrong.  The Low Anthem occupies the same swath of music inhabited by bands like Wilco and The Old Crow Medicine Show.  With that being said, The Low Anthem seems poised ready to rejuvenate the No Depression label from its premature death.		Understandably this is a younger band and this is only their second album but after further listening to "Oh My God Charlie Darwin" the album feels a bit manufactured and hollow. The Low Anthem are competent musicians but then again saying a copy machine is competent on making duplication is an understatement. There just doesn't seem to be much soul coming from this band as they ape their way through different genres and sounds.  Opener "Charlie Darwin" seems to be the exception as the three part harmonies on this track and the plaintive acoustic guitar are spot on.  "The Horizon Is a Beltway" cloyingly copies Bruce Springsteen's Seeger Sessions sound and the cover of Tom Waits "Home I'll Never Be" lacks the subtleties of the original.		The album falls apart in the middle with the juxtaposition of too many styles that are attempted.  "Champion Angel" feels like a Black Crowes leftover and is followed by two reprises before the album mercifully ends.  The Low Anthem have promise but need to find a way to hone in their influences rather than exploit them.
1,What is up with the cheesy remastering job and mediocre sound on this Sandra box? Everyone is busy talking about how awesome this release is, but has anyone really sat down and listened on good head-phones? Sure, the songs are louder with more treble and bass... but with tinny sound, distortion and fluctuating levels from song to song. The most shocking part, however, is the use of VINYL sources for the extended Maria Magdalena, complete with pops and muted sound. My mouth was hanging open... surely an artist of Sandra's stature deserved better than this lazy job. Let's not even talk about the ugly package design and photos used...
1,I confess, I'm a cat lover and I thought the premise of hearing cats "sing" an album of Christmas music would be a hoot.  Unfortunately, the novelty wears off rather quickly.  Listening to one song is funny.  Listening to the entire album in one sitting is a bit like beating yourself repeatedly over the head with a ball peen hammer...it feels so good when you stop!  If they celebrate Christmas in hell, this is the album they play.
1,I've been a Moodies fan for many years now, and I've experienced their many high points.  I don't believe this is one of them.  Unlike other fans of The Moody Blues, I don't dislike their new stuff.  As a matter of fact, I really liked "Strange Times".  But, on this CD, only the 3 Justin Hayward originals are worthy.  I don't mind the boys covering a few tunes now and then, but it seems like they knocked these off in an afternoon.  As for the John Lodge tunes, his songwriting was what originally lured me to this band many moons ago.  What happened?  His songs now don't have that same, uh, what do you call it?  As for Justin Hayward, what can I say?  Great songwriter, great singer, great musician.  Keep up the great work.
1,i liked matt sweeney's previous work with "Skunk" and his later stuff is awesome. but no matter how hard i tried, i just could not get in to this album. perhaps it's me but i found Chavez to be pretty bland and derivitive. i gave it 2 stars for the guitar licks on some of the songs but i'd say skip this and stick with Skunk. however, i do seem to be in the minority here. just my 2 cents.
1,I saw a lot of reviews for this album that proclaim its genius, saying how it stands up next to other classics such as The White Album or Dark Side of Moon.  Well, I wouldn't give it that much credit, but I will say it's carved out its own spot in the crowded world of music.	What I didn't like about it is that the whole thing comes off as juvenile, and very little actual songwriting ability comes into play.  Instead of substance, I see an overwhelming attention to sound texture, almost as if they relied on their effects pedals and synthesizers to write their songs for them.  It seems as though the guitars are run through phasers or stereo/chorus on every track.  While this works well for some songs, for others it seems like the novelty wears thin.  And anybody can screw around with a lot of effects, some do it better than others.  I'd say Sonic Youth does it better.	I've seen comparisons to Frank Zappa in some reviews of Ween.  What separates Frank Zappa from this group is the ability to write a song.	I can see how this would play well with audiences that like their psychedelics a whole lot, but mostly I found it obnoxious at its worst, engaging at its (infrequent) best.
1,I had heard there was more live band "samples" this time around, but was surprised that most of these songs are complete live-tracked-sounding-indie-rock style songs, with very little of the deep throbs and layered samples from the earlier releases. Good for James Lavelle for branching out, but I'm surprised he put this under the same "Unkle" name as this is a very rough rawk feel, almost like a Queens of the Stone Age remix album (the production influence is quite apparent).		Two stars feels harsh, but after a few listens there's no memorable songs. I also made the mistake of buying the pricier 2-disc box set with the instrumental versions and art. If you want an interesting upbeat rock album with guest artists, this may be more your style, but if you're looking for more spacey/electronic  ("I need something Stronger", "Inside", "Rabbit in the Headlights")  or the big beat tracks ("Reign", "Eye for an Eye"), you should stick with the first two albums.
1,Whoever compared this total crap to AC/DC never took the time to listen to "Ride On" or "Rock and Roll Aint Noise Pollution", because if they did, they would realize it was never about money, it was about expressing yourself and showing your soul to your audience.  It seems radio stations find a new way to piss me off every day, The Darkness is another step in the horrible direction of everyone and their mom selling out for money. Take your Darkness, and your money, and shove it up your craphole along with all the other terrible acts out there.
1,I'm sorry to say that the contents of this album did not hold up to the recordings she had recorded when she was with EMI between 1966- 1968. no "To Sur with Love" here. what we get here is Lulu's early Decca recordings, and the only hit song here is "Shout!". I purchased this CD after listening to "The Collection", hoping that I would find some more great Lulu songs. Lulu is one of my favourites, and I'm sad to say, she let me down. most of the tracks are just below average and some even included sub par cover versions for example, her version of "Just One Look", which tries to copy Linda Ronstadt's version is just sub par to Linda's version. Sorry Lulu. if Mark Holden of Australian Idol heard you singing these songs, he would tell you to go away and that your singing was terrible.
1,I am an ancient follower/supporter of the late, Mariah Carey. However, I've not been supporting any of her (most) recent projects. The last purchase made was 2003's "Charmbracelet" -- this was the album in which her singing, and songwriting would take a nose-dive. Her graceful & elegant charm has slowly begun to fade. Her word choices, and certain adverbs were no longer present in her writing. Distinct melodies and chords have all but gone astray. With each follow up record these elements became less, and less... For years after the "Charmbracelet" release I'd wait patiently for the Songbird's return. But, sadly, the longer I'd wait, the more restless I'd become.		As for this "Chanteuse" madness, it's (only) another wreckless attempt at her struggling to remain a current Name. As much as I'd hate to admit it -- it's working. Mariah (s)carey has managed to sweep-in an entirely new fanbase who's been extremely supportive of all she's done at this point in her career. It'd be easier to bypass the weathered vocals had the songwriting remained in tact. Unfortunately, Mariah's musical ear has gone deaf. The ability to pair words, melodies and phrasing has become more of a task at this point in time for her, and are generally no good at this point. As the human species it is understood that we must change. However, as a gifted musician, the gift of a Music never dies. Unless, there are other underlying factors. There has to be a "Why?"		Although I am certainly no fan of this "current" madness, I did, however, enjoy "Meteorite" to some degree. Something about this particular tune is strangely reminiscent of her earlier works, more specifically, the Debut and/or Sophomore Albums. The melody is like a De Ja Vu -- I've yet to nail (just) what song it resembles, but there is no question that the melody/arrangement to this song is heavily influenced by an earlier composition. I'm going to go with "Sent from up above", but still uncertain. I've played it twice, and found a subtle pleasure both times. I plan to dedicate more time in figuring this one out. Once I am able to nail this track, I will share, and update my review for sure!		Shockingly, I didn't seem to have an issue with "Supernatural", it's not her best, but in comparison to most of the other material on this release, in my opinion, it's one of the more listenable "ones." Lots o' folk seem to think it's annoying, but many of these same individuals are also praising her last few attempts at recording a thorough Album, which, to me, is very telling in terms of taste, and actual "fans",  to be technical...		The "One more try" incident is actually "playable", not particularly "listenable", but playable -- there is a distinction. (Again) certainly Not her best, but better in comparison to any of the others. Personally, I'd prefer Mariah to do more songs of this sort, It's a snapshot into the earlier portion of her career when she sang true & honest lyrics while making a name for herself -- oddly enough, "One more try", debuted & shared the spotlight with M's rise to fame during this era, and could be the reason I wouldn't mind giving it a pass, only for the sake of it being an actual song. Hearing it as an instant reminder of, not only an amazing time in her career, but in Music as well.		I'll take "real" Mariah Carey over "Hood" Mariah or "MC", anyday. Hood Mariah must be discarded immediately, It's an awful thing to watch so much of herself deteriorate right before the windows to my very soul, In terms of all the grace & beauty that brought such great appeal to her career.		#Sidebar. As a music listener, I do, personally, enjoy Hip-hop, crunky R&B, as well as some other genres, however, I've already a set-list of go-to Artists for this particular sound and/or mood. Needless to say, Mariah Carey, certainly is not on the list. She seriously should sit down, and re-evaluate in what direction her ship is beginning to sail, because it's definitely not looking too good from this angle.		I think her best bet would be to work on an album with a sound more parallel to "Meteorite", something fresh, dance-y, up-to-date, disco-y, but with a classic, and traditional feel that's still close to home. The "Triumphant club mix" is along those lines. I thought it was a fantastic remix to a very disappointing song! It was great! The Dance mix brought some spirit into the equation! It went from trashy & ghetto to inspirational & uplifting, all with a simple change in rhythm! I also believe some of the editing and minor adjustments to the new and improved beat was able to mask some vocal imperfections -- you've got to hear it to actually "know."		Overall, I wouldn't count this as her worst. I'm assuming it's because I already knew what to expect from her this time around, unlike the last 3 record attempts, I was caught off gaurd. But, now, it's just the story repeating itself. What I can say with all certainty is that, with all do respect to musical legends throughout music history -- this is not the music of a Legend, but rather a tragedy, and a loss, that somehow, this is what all of the years of being a dedicated fan has led up to, but as also as a dedicated musician on her part. Apparently she's on a roll, though! Her following is multiplying by the hour. So, with that being said... Glasses up!
1,This album was a waste of my time and my money. I don't know why they are still around. They should all just retire, they will be doing everybody a favor.
1,Following the release of Blackacidevil, Danzig's career entered a downward spiral that made most Greek tragedies look like a mere run of bad luck: an ill-advised and poorly-received foray into industrial music, several lackluster followup albums, losing the Misfits to Jerry Only, video of him getting punched by North Side Kings' Danny Marianinho (in front of his own fans, no less) finding its way onto Youtube, etc.  If ever an artist were in need of a comeback, Danzig was it.  Like I Luciferi, and Satan's Child before it, Circle of Snakes was marketed as Danzig's return to form.  And just like its predecessors, it fell far short of expectations.  Granted, I Luciferi may not have been perfect, but it was at least a step in the right direction.  Circle of Snakes, in stark contrast, is a sludgy, poorly-produced, and ultimately uninspired affair, with overly cartoonish lyrics and some of the weakest vocals Danzig's recorded to date.  Purists will insist it's somehow superior to the two previous albums, solely because it's straightforward, old-school metal, absent of any leanings towards industrial, nu-metal, and anything else Danzig may have dabbled in during his musical identity crisis in the latter half of the 90s...but then some people actually liked Blackacidevil too.  I'm not one of them.		This marked the first effort with Tommy Victor on guitar, well-known for his machine-like stop/start riffing in Prong, as well as his later work in Ministry (where he essentially does the same thing, just at warp speed).  Maybe Danzig got disillusioned with all of the sessions guitarists, or maybe he just wanted a seasoned musician with some credibility.  Whatever the case, he chose wisely (for once) with Victor.  He just should have given him more input into the songwriting process.  On the one hand, turning Victor loose to do what he does best would probably have led to yet another reinvention of the group's sound, something Danzig had already attempted twice (with less than successful results), but then having Victor conform to the band's signature sound doesn't really work either, as nothing on the record plays to his strengths as a guitarist.  And making things worse, Danzig's opted for such a minimalist approach this time around that you have to wonder why he even bothered to hire a known musician, when an unknown sessions guitarist could have handled the material just as easily, and for a smaller paycheck at that.		The first half of the album sounds like an overly self-conscious attempt at imitating the sound of the Rubin-era, only it never really feels genuine.  The closest it gets is "1000 Devils Reign", which isn't even that great of a song.  The title track's a pretty minimalist affair, with lyrics that border on the ridiculous ("Writhe around your head like a circle of snakes/halfway to hellbent"), while "Skin Carver", which Danzig seems to favor given its frequent place in his setlists, takes the minimalist approach to such an extreme that there's virtually nothing to the song.  The second half drops the classic sound and fairs a little better.  The lyrics are still tripe, and "My Darkness" outright sucks, but a few songs work on the same level as the highpoints on I Luciferi - "Night, BeSodom", "Netherbound", "Black Angel, White Angel" - the latter being the strongest of the lot.  The group even attempts a full-on speed/thrash number with "Hell Mask" - something Danzig's never tried before.  It doesn't work, of course, but it's at least an interesting misfire. If nothing more, it breaks up the monotony.		The vocals are another issue.  There's been speculation that maybe Danzig's singing voice isn't what it used to be given the processed effects and low mixes utilized on more recent efforts. It just doesn't make sense that an artist famed for his signature voice would want to hide it in his own music.  If anything, Circle would seem to lend credence to the speculation.  The vocals aren't just low, they're outright buried in the mix, and Danzig makes no effort to exhibit his range whatsoever, opting to play it safe instead (and even then, his voice still sounds strained).  The sloppy production job really doesn't help either.  For a guy who's been in the music industry for more than three decades, who essentially learned all he knows about producing from Rick Rubin (w/ whom he produced at least two of his own albums), it's absolutley baffling that he can put out something that sounds this bad.  The album's a mess of distortion and bottom end, with little to no recognizable separation between the instruments.  Compared to past efforts (even I Luciferi), it just sounds ugly.		I realize I'm being kind of harsh, but Danzig's downfall was a classic case of hubris in its purest form.  And it pains me to some degree to say it, since I grew up with the Misfits and early Danzig.  The truth is all artists have a shelf life of some sort.  Sometimes they surprise you in the twilight of their careers and produce something worthy of past glories (ala Deth Red Sabboath).  This, however, isn't one of those times.  Circle of Snakes isn't awful, but it really isn't good either, and I have a hard time recommending it to any but the diehards. If you feel you absolutely must own it for the sake of completing your Danzig discography, by all means - go for it.  Just give it a listen first.  You might change your mind in the interim.
1,I am not going to comment on the compilation, it is OK. The sound quality however is terrible. The supposedly rerecorded bass on the older tracks is quite weak, most of the recordings sound horrible, with a lot of distortions, elevated highs, clipping, suppressed midrange and muddy bass; "Paranoid" sounds like it was recorded with a microphone hidden in somebody's purse. I have quite a few CDs with hard-rock and metal recorded in the 70s, and they all sound better. This CD is a pain to listen to: great music ruined by the the way it is recorded.
1,Not what I was expecting.  I thought Def Jam was more hard hitting but I guess they switched to more R & B based hip hop after the early success of Beastie Boys, Public Enemy, etc.  Love the Onxy song but not that into the rest.  It's a cheap CD so no big loss but hardly the best this label has to offer.
1,the simply red performance is very good but after 5 minutes of camera angle changes every 2 seconds,i gave up.	don't waste your money........
1,I have always liked Keith Jarrett's music abilities and trio music that he has done over the years. However! I cannot stand the humming/moaning that he does while playing; I stay away from purchasing his music. I read an review on Amazon indicating that there was no humming/moaning on this title so viola! I purchased the disc from a source other than Amazon. Music was fantastic until the moaning, humming, and weird sounds started emanating from Jarrett as he played. The disc will be donated to Goodwill tomorrow. Very disappointed.
1,What are the "extra tracks" that distinguishes this CD from the original, and that justifies the greater expense?		(The original rates 5 stars...one of the best CCM albums ever recorded--most definitely a "desert-island disc.")
1,dead n' gone=Pantera.you wanna see what happens when alchoholics try to make an album that's acceptable to  any knot,or mudvayne fan?check out damageplan.maybe if you play guitar or drums you can see the "genious" in this cd,but for the average bum like myself it's bland and has "commercial success"written all over it.good for dp.they'll make some $ and not even have to play their hearts out in live shows.they can save that energy to dump gallons of booze down their throats,woo-hoo big whoup.phil's a brain-dead heroin/lsd addict but at least he's not afraid to continue doing what has made him $ in the past,and superjoint are on the main stage at the '04 ozzfest so it's not like people aren't accepting  it.	buy the dp cd if the heaviest stuff you listen to are bands like tool,slipknot,hatebreed,drowning pool,chevelle,etc,etc,etc,etc.....
1,If you're looking for the classic riffs and unsettling lyrics that made Black Sabbath into the band most easily assoicated with the term "heavy metal," choose another record. "Headless Cross" is far from Sabbath's best. It's a very dull, pop-metal-sounding album that made me run screaming back to "Black Sabbath, Volume 4."	The musicians on the album -- Tony Iommi, Cozy Powell, Tony Martin, et al-- are, of course, great. However, the songwriting consists of clunky, boring riffs coupled with lyrics that are made up of silly horror movie cliches.	If you want a good Sabbath album from the Tony Martin era grab "Eternal Idol." "Headless Cross" will leave you feeling a little more broke and a lot more annoyed.
1,As has been stated, if you are a fan off the Goo Goo Dolls then Superstar Car Wash and Boy Named Goo are all you'll ever need before the world of the Top 10 corporate machine castrated this band.
1,Kidz Bop is the worst of the worst. It's like listing to Karaoke night in a kiddie bar. They just massicre these songs. I hate these CD's That have kids sing along. Just buy the CD that is by the original artists.
1,Beethoven's piano sonats are among my favorite pieces in the repertoire. I find Gould's way of playing them insulting. I am very fond of Gould's interpretations of Bach, but here, his odd style seems completely inappropriate. He takes ridiculous tempos and his dynamics are strange as well. Perhaps Gould fans may enjoy this, but I wouldn't wish this performance on any lover of Beethoven.
1,Never came with anything as it should have.
1,I bought this album on vinyl with great hopes of it returning Page and Plant to the limelight. Upon listening to it, my hopes were dashed.	First, Plants voice. This is a matter of contentiousness between honest Zep fans and Plant freaks. Simply put, Plants voice is slivers of its former self. His vocal tone has almost totally changed. No longer does he have the power or range to sing these numbers with conviction. Mostly glarlingly is Kashmir. Arrangement commentary (I'll address later) aside Kashmir is unlistenable from a vocal perspective. Since I've been loving you (SIBLY) also is woeful.	Second, the tendancy to play with the arrangements is real hit and miss. Nobody's fault but mine is ok. Rather boring and plain, but alright. When you get to Kashmir the real outrage happens. Kashmir is a piece of art, to slice it up and add long orchestral sections in the middle was ill advised. Thats not the worst of it. Adding the "Black Dog" riff to the end of it well, moves it from unbearable to rediculous. Some art is best left untampered with. Example - "Battle of Evermore" Now, that really works.	Finally third, I don't think Zep songs go "lite" very well. Part of the great thing of Zep was the absolute power and strength of the execution of the material. Accuse me of being close minded, IMHO Zep material just doesn't do the adult contempary Rod Stewart thing well.	Many people lapped this up in 1994. Time will show this to be the worst type of betrayal of the Zep legacy. The "we're not Zep, but were playing almost all Zep songs" was moronic. It was a halfway thing to a reunion which resulted in a muddled concept.	For lack of space and time, I really won't go into the John Paul Jones issue. The handling of that was extremely poor and will forever taint this effort with fans in addition to its musical shortfalls.	Advice? - Go buy a soundboard bootleg like Dallas '75, the Led Zeppelin DVD or BBC sessions. Zeppelin material is best appreciated in its unvarnished state. Not ill concieved half baked reunions. Skip "Walking into Clarksdale" too - unless you love Plant solo albums. WIC is essentually that with Jimmy guesting.
1,I really enjoy this CD
1,It's good to support the underground alternative bands and I bought this album based on many ads I saw in alternative music magazines. I have to say that a "sensual" voice is not enough to make great music. The singer tries to much to sound sensual sometimes its almost ridiculous but anyway, the big problem with this album are the compositions. There is no melody, all the album sounds very monotony, just a voice with no direction around very basic sounding guitars and drums. Overall there is a total lack of musicality. I wouldn't even use the album as background music, the music is very predictable, boring, unremarkable. What a waste really. It's funny, even in the underground scene a band can be over advertised. Caveat emptor.
1,E = MC2 by Mariah Carey is intolerable to say the least. I wish Mariah would stop singing in a hush, quiet voice. What happened to that sexy, rich and gutsy powerhouse I used to admire. Her self-image doesn't help either, she still dresses like a 20-year-old. Songs like I Stay in Love, I Wish You Well, I'm That Chick, and Touch My Body are weak and embarrassing. I'm sorry to say this but Mimi has lost the magic, see ya!
1,After hearing "My First Love," I eagerly awaited this debut's release. I remember trying to explain to my friends who she was and harrasing the employees of all my surrounding music stores trying to find out when her cd would be released. It's been about 3 months since I finally got a hold of it and needless to say, I'm quite disappointed.	Let me start off by saying that every song on this cd is listenable and not one is horrible; the problem is that nothing on this cd catches your attention or differs from the regular everyday song you hear on the radio. Listening to this cd was like listening to 45 minutes of jingles for commercials... that's the only way I can explain it. The lyrics are very AVERAGE, the production is very AVERAGE, and even the vocals are AVERAGE (sometimes below average). It would be worthless for me to do a song by song review... there wouldn't be much to say. The only song that stands out from time to time is "If Only You Knew," but even that's lackluster compared to the original. I'm not sure who to blame for this dud, but hopefully it's not Keke and hopefully she will learn from this mistake( and others) and come with something w/ a little more substance and soul the next time around.	This debut gets 1 star cause it has to and 1 for being listenable... but that's it. If you're looking for something w/ substance, check out India Arie's debut... now that's what I'm talking about!
1,Drake just came out of no where with music. When I first heard his album it sounded ok, but he does not have any life in his songs. All these rapper nowadays talk about is women, clothes, cars, jewelery and how much weed they smoke. Never have nothing positive to say in their songs. Something positive like thats going to uplift you with wisdom, understanding about life and this world we live in. This rapper obviously has the wrong ingredients in his songs. Rappers like lil' wayne is so horrible to listen to, because Half the time when lil wayne raps it sound like he's having someone baby in serious pain. He makes horrible sounds in his songs when he raps, I can't make out what he saying.	These rappers of today is making money way to easy with all this B.S. music.  Things are not the same in hiphop anymore, they are tearing hiphop up to pieces.
1,People like Usher disapoint me, in that in certain lyrics they can be Mr. Wonderful, and in others they can be a total pig. Whoever thinks Usher actually MEANS any of the romatic things he says is quite foolish.		This album is another fine example of what's wrong with out music industry. Don't even consider buying it. The lyrics are bad, the vocalss are bad, and he doesn't need the money.
1,Well, this band is boring. Utterly boring. Copying. Screaming. No punch. Clean. Polished. Cheesy.	Jens Johansson was not a great addition, it's enough to see some performances of him live with Yngwie Malmsteen. The guy is a session musician, he goes wherever he get paid more.	The rest of the band is tasteless and without any real "nager" in their instruments, the should call this style "CLEAN AND SAFE EUROPEAN POWER METAL". There's no edge. No guts.
1,C'mon people, LHP isn't that great, heck it isn't even particularily good. "Clandestine", "Wolverine Blues" and "Morning Star" are much better because on those albums Entombed actually cared to write songs. LHP offers unfocused riffage wrapped by muddy production. All the songs are UNDISTINGUISHABLE. There's nothing memorable about this album. People too often equal historical influence with quality (Led Zeppelin anyone?). It just doesn't work that way.
1,I loved this album. The songs are there, one of Paul's finest. But this new 'practice' is, to put it mildly, highway robbery.  They released the album way back then in 2 formats: the regular and the deluxe edition. All big Macca fans, bought the deluxe edition of course. How does Macca pay our loyalty? By waiting a few months and releasing an expanded Deluxe edition of the same album, with a few extra tracks.		Does thi$ make any $en$e to you? Cmon Paul, why we have to pay the price of your divorce? Next time do a prenup instead of making us fans pay for it!
1,A funny little LP, weighed down with junk, BAD HABITS still boasts a couple of nice tracks and one classic instrumental.	Though much of the album is made up of clumsy novelty records, "Love In Stereo" is a legitimate Pop song.  It's almost ruined by that 1980s "new wave" keyboard sound, but manages to pull itself together anyway. "Nice Legs Shame About The Face" is a decent Pub-Rock tune, based on an age-old pub phrase, and "I Ain't Gettin' Any" is similar.	And then there's "Skylab (Theme From The Monks)."  This instrumental absolutely sweapt thru my college dorm--I made sure of it by playing it monstrously loud at all hours of the day and night--and was a staple on the local alternative radio station for a while.  Finding this pseudo-Ventures classic at the end of this LP is like finding a diamond ring at the bottom of your Cracker-Jack box.	Calling this a Punk album is a bit of a stretch, though.  The Monks are to the Sex Pistols as the Rutles are to the Beatles, if you follow me.
1,This is one really awful CD. I can't really stand Kidz Bop, but I wouldn't even think of buying this trash. I've just heard some of the songs. There IS going to be a Kidz Bop 9, and it's probably going to be just as rubbish as this is. What's going to be on volume 9 then?		Another U2 song being runied? Yet ANOTHER Nickleback song totally not meant for kids? Another Kelly Clarkson song which will end up being buchered? I dread to think. And I don't want to listen to any of them either. So I'm not going to listen to these ones this time. I've had enough. Don't buy ANY of the Kidz Bop CDs.		What's happened to this world? Will the dreadful sound and music of Kidz Bop ever end?
1,Not nearly as good as I remembered him to be.
1,Those who spot the names of Yamatsuka Eye & John Zorn & expect a revisiting of the territory of Naked City will be in for a surprise.  Once one has removed the wrapper there is no indication that Eye & Zorn are involved (two Jewish pseudonyms are used in the liner notes); what you get is a bit over 20 minutes of phony old-world Jewish music: faint vocals, harmonium & the odd bell buried under a dense swathe of sampled crackle from old 78s.  I bought this disc when I was going through a phase of purchasing everything Zorn did; it was sufficient to check my enthusiasm for completism.  Eye & Zorn did a further one of these discs on Tzadik, which I am told has slightly more musical substance, & for years were rumoured to be releasing a 200-CD set which contained only two hours of music on it (I'm not sure if this was ever released).  As the latter would indicate, their collaborations are probably going to tickle the fancy of those interested in musical pranks & conceptual art.  All but hardcore fans are advised to leave well enough alone.  The disc is inexpensive enough & I still felt gypped.
1,I really like a lot of early, classic Sly tunes, and had pretty much all the releases up to this one.  Well, thought I would add this one to my collection after reading all the descriptions and reviews claiming this was supposed to be his masterpiece release.  What a joke that is.  'Riot' only has one or two decent songs on it - mainly 'Family Affair', which I remember getting some airplay back in the days of radio when it was first released.  The majority of the songs are just non-descript snippets, unless you wanted to describe as noodle-ling meandering funk/R&B.  Not sure if this particular CD is supposed to be re-mastered or not, but the sound quality is terrible, especially for a CD that was released/manufactured in 2007.  If you are a Sly fan and wanting to add some releases to your CD collection, don't hesitate to pick up all the early releases up to this one.  However, definitely do NOT waste your money on this so-called 'masterpiece'!  If you want a copy of 'Family Affair' I'm sure that one tune is probably available on any number of greatest hit type compilations.
1,but the rest of the band bites. Worthless post grunge aggro chick rock. Not to mention some stupid lyrics ("Need yor love 1 2 3, stop staring at my D cup"). ...
1,The edit/fade of version of IRON MAN makes no sense to me at all.  It's one of their best and most beloved and well known songs and should have been included in its full length version, even if it meant leaving off one of their later, lesser songs.  Do yourself a favor and skip this disc and try to buy the remastered versions of PARANOID and MASTER OF REALITY from the Amazon UK site.  I would recommend you stay away from any Black Sabbath (or Ozzy disc solo for that matter) that list Sharon Osburne anywhere in the credits.  She has done nothing but try to rewrite the history the this great band....what a shame!
1,I don't know how this masterpiece album was Remastered.. should be Digitally "RETARDED".	The first issue sounds very good.	The peaks the highs and mediums sounds horrible like a bad ripped MP3
1,...happened again didn't it? A band appears out of nowhere that resides from my home country and they somehow get praise via unknown sources to the point when they can generate a career out of it...don't get me wrong I understand we all have to make a living but the way that these boys do it just makes me wish I had the capacity to predict the future so I could prevent acts like these being constantly rehashed (but being able to tell the future would always be cool so I won't bring it into this review)...		...the Kooks consist of approximately four people (thus the average band size) their style yet again is Brit Pop (mistakened by so many as Indie...I know I go on about it too much but it's a rather big insult to those who tried to make indie as great as it was in the beginning)...most songs consist of the verse chorus structure with mildly interesting guitars but nothing of pioneering proportion...just enough to put food on the table...the singer has a very slurred voice which mixed with his accent means he has the type of voice where you only understand half of the words he says but sometimes you translate his words and believe he is saying something that he couldn't possibly be saying because it's too explicit and therefore just listen to the different pitches and tones of his voice ignoring the lyrics...		...I was first introduced to the work of this album through the song "Naive" (which backwards is a brand of water...yay) and I must say it was pretty good...a nice catchy and annoying chorus and some interesting guitar work that although not revolutionary (I'm feeling some deja vu here did I just say the same thing twice?) was memorable and variable enough...however it was in the end worn down by it's chorus saying "I know she knows" and this line would be drilled into your head until you couldn't handle it anymore...but then there was the point of boybandism...		...the songs "She moves in her own way" and "Ooh La" both about woman they love (yes I know Naive was the same but at least it was slightly more interesting) which in structure were exactly the same wih different keys between each song...the problem is they got huge sucess with songs like these developing a fan base of screaming girls in CD signings and concerts alike...with the encouragement that they should be a boy band disguised as a brit pop group...they knew their formula to sucess...		...hence forth this entire album is filled with catchy hooks that are EXACTLY ALIKE!!! The singers voice will get very annoying after a short time and the instrumentals don't add anything new to the plate...		...my advice? Download "Naive" and leave this album be...HOWEVER if you read all my other hateful reviews and disagree with them...go ahead and buy this...and enjoy...
1,I really wasn't prepared to dislike this CD as much as I do. First off, I'm a McCartney/Beatles fan since 1964. I've purchased every solo/Wings McCartney thing since "McCartney" in 1970. Hell I even like "Wildlife!"		I think the terms good and bad are subjective, so I'll try and stay away from them. After 5 complete run throughs of Memory Almost Full, I found I connected with it less and less each time I played it. It just got worse for me instead of better. I really dislike the sound of the CD finding it digitally brittle and harsh compared to the very warm, organic feel of "Chaos" and frankly most of his other work. For years, I've looked the other way when it came to McCartney's insipid "moon in june" lyrics, but this time I've just run out of lyrical patience with songs like "See Your Sunshine" and "Dance Tonight."  This entire project sounds like he was desperately reaching and searching for ideas lyrically and musically that melded into a cohesive statement, and nothing really gels. There's not a single memorable melody or lyrical passage I was able to take after listening as many times as I did. I've read other reviews where the reviewer has said "not since McCartney II...."		That said, for me there's nothing on "Memory" that comes close to "Waterfalls" from McCartney II. And that's pretty sad.
1,I got it because of the high start rating.  There are only a few numbers on the album, where I thought "this guy has an amazing voice".  The album is OK, though I am not likely to play it much.
1,The listing for this Dual Disc indicates that all 19 tracks are DVD, implying they are DVD-Video. In fact, only 4 tracks are DVD-Video: I hope you dance, A little passed Litle Rock, Something worth leaving behind, and The Fool.  The remaining tracks are CD.  This is not a comment on the quality, which is fine, rather on a potential expectation that you will get a lot more videos.  Hopefully Amazon will update the listing soon so that it is not misleading.
1,Why they refrained from using Geddy Lee's keyboards and synthesizers on this record, I don't know.  As a fan who grew to love Rush since they began introducing that "technological" sound in the late 70s (A Farewell to Kings, Permanent Waves, Signals, Moving Pictures, etc.), I was quite disappointed with Vapor Trails.  It's possible the group chose to go back to basics.  Vapor Trails, however, sounds like a new group releasing their first album.  They almost sound like a different band.  The talents of each member are not accentuated as they were on previous records.  The sounds of the band members just don't sychronize well.  Vapor Trials is all loud, heavy rock.  It almost sounds like an attempt to play to and attract younger "Pop" audiences who have become familiar with the "grunge" sound.  Rush is too talented and mature to try to follow a pop audience.  Counterparts, in comparison, was also a hard rock album, and there were hardly, if not any, keyboards or synthesizers.  However, Counterparts was an excellent demonstation of each band members talents.  Neil Peart's drum work was phenomenal, I just coudn't get enough of Alex Lifeson's guitar, and Geddy Lee's vocals were never better.  From Vapor Trails, I didn't develop an appreciation for each band member's talents as I have in the past from their hard rock efforts, and other records.  I don't know what all the intentions were behind Vapor Trails, but it almost seems like the album was a bit rushed (no pun intended), possibly out of excitement or anxiety after their hiatus.  I think they could've produced a much better result had they not been afraid to exercise the great talents and sounds they've developed, both as individuals and as a group, by continuing with the keyboards, synthesizers, high pitched, echoed guitar solos, and drum mixes by Neil.  I also missed the instumental on Vapor Trials.  All these sounds are Rush's trademark.  I'm hoping these are just kinks that need to be worked out since they've been apart for so long.  As one who grew up with Rush since my grammer school days, it's my obligation to support them by seeing them in concert this summer and waiting for their next release.
1,I bought this cd on a recommentation and thought it had rock potential on the amazon music preview.  I tried to jam it and was very disappointed.  This ain't rock or metal, but new school , whimpy chic rock that these posers are putting out these days. Stick with the 70's through 90's hard rock / metal.  Sorry guys, i sold it for a $1 the next day at local cd store.
1,Limited vocal range combined with lackluster material.	Possibly the worst product to materialize from reality television. Is RYAN the nail that could shut down IDOL SHOWS ? Unfortunately, I doubt it !	MALCOM's level of cheese on his solo debut does remain heavy. He makes CLAY AIKEN's solo sound semi-cool.	With such as lackluster, dull and juvenile product, RYAN MALCOLM has hardly any hope of ever crossing borders to obtain his 15 minutes of international fame.	Canadian teenyboppers across farm land in Ontario, Canada may appreciate his pre-fab geek lack of style, but serious music fans should beware, this HOME is a real BAD INVESTEMENT.
1,There are 50 selections on this disk.  In order to get them all on, they have been chopped off and jammed together.  None of the first 25 songs actually finishes.  They just fade out and another song begins.  That's my take.
1,Admittedly I am a Fish-Head and find the band much more effective between Script and The Theiving Magpie. I even enjoy the first two albums with Hogarth. But I have to say that i find Brave unlistenable, easily in my top ten worst CDs in my collection (which is a couple of thousand Cds). I know that the album has a narrative, but it is delivered in such a way that has no hooks, and the songs are largely forgettable. I know a lot of post-Fish-era fans think that this album is phenomenal, but I don't think it deserves the lavish praise I see in the Amazon Reviews. It does not hold a candle to Misplaced Childhood (One of the most effective concept albums ever)Luckily I live in America and have no friends jamming it down my throat. I have convinced a few of my buddies to get into Marillion MKI and have had the luxury of seeing them 5 nights in a row at Radio City Music Hall in NYC in support of RUSH and a couple of times at some smaller venues and then again with RUSH on the Misplaced Childhood tour. I think this says volumes about the original band. No other band has ever warmed up for RUSH on more than one tour. I took a chance on Brave and every once in a while I listen to it to see if there is something I missed, and usually about 15 minutes in I have to turn it off, because I think it sucks. I never bought a Hogarth-era CD after that. I think Hogarth is a good singer but for me it's not the same and I don't like the change in direction. I patiently wait for them to drop Hogarth and bring back Fish.
1,Utopia Banished moves away from the genre-rewriting,precedent setting death metal of Harmony Corruption, but this doesn't a bit return to the band's grindcore roots that the successive Fear,Emptiness,Despair would be. While simultaneously maintaining an distinctive atmosphere of understanding or intelligence attended for a intellectual preson,the group here makes a combination of death metal and grindcore influences being crossed. Even if they are able to be understood comprehensibly,the band's lyrics in the past times were exemplifying justly on politics and culture in their terms,	but something must of happened to this band which looks unlikely for them to do by penning in some of these (pseudo)- lyrics that haveto do with scholarship or otherwise learning.	Sure you can get some interesting character behind the hidden truths of these lyrics with the help of a dictionary or English degree on literary works but anyone else is going to feel low in rank to intellectualism. Think of the issues involving these excessively so planned lyrics they appear unnatural,artificial or forced as a descriptive term but not literally applicable;	the group's lyrics result in accessibility that can't be reached by the construction of complex song structures  that consist of many momentary modulation and resulting in being alittle repetitiveness. When it comes to certain things that can't be reached and become something valuable, but the songs seem to be difficult to like in Napalm Death's case. First of all,there aren't many hooks,transitional piece structures between verses and choruses,guitar riffs that are attractive,or rhythms that vary. Secondly,when the album moves on to other tracks, the band keeps changing styles as the heavy drummings from the explosive ''I abstain'' to start off with, then followed by taking od materials being put in newer forms without significant	improving lacking vitality of the same sounds to these too many songs to be counted that are not properly connecting.	On your rotating metal disc of a record for anyone who doesn't like these guys music should enjoy this album's puzzilg qualities, they try to  prove the critics something on this album after the sellout type of judgement resulting to their move to traditional death metal hackneye harmony Corruption. It turns out to be bad fortune,the credibility through inaccessibility rebounded adversely on their originators to attend re-establishment serving refreshment to the comeback of Fear,Emptiness,Despair to seem more new. Utopia Banished is not a very good and it's Napalm Death's worst album.
1,Long Time record collector here, I could not believe my ears when I dropped the needle on this record. I can't believe they released this to the public. The sound is the worst I ever heard; it's all muddied and harsh, equ. If Hendrix was alive, hed be really pissed about this being released. This is awful, save your money. Not even worth buying for collectors reasons. You been warned.
1,I enjoyed the music from the movie,but a good bit of it weren't on the c.d.
1,There were better songs on the show that never made it to this album.  Save your money and but something else.
1,Amazon, create a way to say an item is an LP not a CD, I thought it was a CD when I bought it and got the LP instead.  So I do not recommend it just based on that, sure wish I could listen to it.
1,Just too experimental for my tastes.  I'm gonna grab Remission next as I loved earlier Mast but this one is irriating for me to suffer through. Ugg.
1,Someone involved in this lackluster production tried to bring Stevie back to her 1981 Bella Donna Tour concert heyday.  Even brought back Waddy Watchel on guitar--(never thought he could be bland, but here, he is)--even redid yet another performance of "I Need To Know".  Like all of Stevie's concerts over the past three decades, the song picks are mostly the same, the arrangements are exactly alike, and her vocalizations are word-for-word, sound-for-wailing sound.  Nothing new, nothing ventured, and nothing gained in this concert. I have loved Stevie since 1975, but feel cheated that she cannot attempt to produce a new show for her devotees, and feel as though she is just taking the lazy way out to make yet another dollar off the same old show.  Her lackluster, spiritless performance in this concert saddened me, and I will not watch this performance DVD again.  I'd rather watch the "original" version of this concert, the 1981 Bella Donna Tour (only available on VHS, to my knowledge), wherein she had all of the charm and spirit of a performer singing a new, beloved show for her audience.  I'm not one to compare, but if Stevie put together a new show arrangement for each tour like Madonna does, I'd be one to attend Stevie's concerts, rather than borrow or buy the
1,If you have every seen the "Behind The Music" episode on Styx you know that "Mr. Roboto" was the album that killed the band.  The other members wanted to play hard rock but Dennis DeYoung wanted to put on make-up and write Las Vegas-style floor shows.  Things came to a head when the group began their Mr. Roboto tour by sharing the bill with a couple of straighforward Southern Rock bands.  The audience showed up, waiting to hear driving, no-nonsense rock music.  Instead, they got the members of Styx on a stage that was designed to look like THE FUTURE, dancing with mask-wearing "robots," and saying scripted lines like "No Mr. Roboto, you can't take rock-and-roll away from the kids of America!"  The audience booed and threw beer cans.  That was the moment when the members of the group decided to go their separate ways.  It is one of the funniest moments in rock history.		  Dennis DeYoung is either the most self-diluted musician in rock or he is an absolute comedic genius.  Either way, we all owe him a debt of gratidute for creating the greatest bad album of all times.		  By the way, I suspect that every favorable review posted on Amazon.com was actually written by Dennis DeYoung himself.  I assume he has nothing better to do now that Styx has re-formed and is performing without him.
1,As a long time Primus fan, i was licking my chops in anticipation for this one. Though Herb wasn't in the studio for this, I figured Ler would lend enough influence for this to at least not sound like one of Les's solo discs. Sadly, I was wrong. The entire CD screams "Les side project" and, though many like his solo work, I was hoping for the Primus which had made such a strong comeback with the "Animals should not...." EP.		Lots of throwaway songs on this disc, unfortunately. "Lee Van Cleef", "Jilly's on Smack", "Eternal Consumption Engine" and others sound like nothing more than excuses to showcase Les (and he is one of my favorite bassists, by the way) while tossing in some mindless lyrics and vaguely cohesive song structure. On the plus side, Jay Lane steps in for Herb and performs quite well in the drum chair. Herb will always be THE Primus drummer, however, and his absence will always be conspicuous.		As with any band, expecting Primus to stand still and record "Sailing on the seas of cheese" is pointless and silly. Evolution is good and they have evolved well, for the most part, over the years (witness the incredible "My Friend Fats" from the aforementioned previous EP), so I was expecting a lot more with their latest full length. For better or worse (depending upon your perspective), I believe that Les's side project work has manifested itself in his Primus material. For me, that is a disappointment.
1,Well i've been living with this album over the weekend and I'm gonna try my best to review it based on the music and not based on the band drama.		As of right now my take of the songs individually		Cold - 8/10 - Really good song I think. Alot of people have criticized the guitar solo as being out of place, but I don't hear that.		Dare - 2/10 - Would be a good song without Tate's really out of place vocals. He's out of key in many spots and his "melody" conflicts with the riff. This song would be great with a Staley or Cornell type singer.		Give It To You - 3/10 - It's not bad, but not really that great either. The musicianship it really good (which seems to be the case on most of the songs). It's hindered by Tate's lack of enthusiasm.		Slave - 6/10 - I really like this one. The riff is really good. It's very driving. The bridge and chorus is really catchy. He is kind of just going through the motions on the verses though, which is what brought this one down from 8 to 6 for me. The lyrics are clearly about Todd La Torre and his former bandmates, to me anyway and sometimes gets a little to silly (is he saying "you're their bitch" in the break???)		In The Hands of God - 8/10 - This is the first one that even sounds close to sounding like Queensryche (albeit the mid to late 90s version.) I really like it, the main guitar riff it very haunting.		Running Backwards - 4/10 - Passable. Tate is the weak link on this one (well he really is on the whole album). Again a really good song in the backround with Tate not sure what direction he wants to go and trying to hit notes he can't hit anymore. Throughout the whole song he sounds like hes struggling.		Life Without You - 7/10 - Really good intro. Could also pass as a 90s QR song. Tate's vocals aren't great though on the verses (seeing a trend here?) although I think some of that could of been fixed in post production.		Everything - 8/10 - I really like the guitar riff on this one. In fact it's kind of interesting how he took a heavy riff like that and gave it more of a ballady vibe. This song is really good, Tate sounds like he cares a little bit.		Fallen - 6/10 - Pretty good. Tate seems to be doing on these slower songs. Closer to being a Queensryche song. A little generic though, nothing really sticks out to me and hits me in the head.		The Weight of The World - 9/10 - This must be the song they put all of their focus on. It's a good closer (if you don't count the rerecordings of course.....). Pretty epic buildup.		Mathematically it puts it at an overall 6/10 however as an overall album i'd rank it 4/10. I'd likely only revist half of the songs on this album in the future. Some really good songs, but it doesn't flow well together as an album.		Additional points -		This album was bogged down with Tate trying to be something he wasn't. He's said in the past hes not much of a metal guy and it shows here. Tate could really thrive if he attempted to make 70s prog rock ala Peter Gabriel. The most contrived portions of this album are the parts where he attempts to be metal or grunge. The songs he did very well on were the slower songs.		Tate also needs to find a producer that isn't afraid of hurting his feelings and telling him he's doing a terrible job. A song like Dare or Give It To You should of even left the studio cut with those vocals. He seems to be good with choruses and bridges. Had he took a little more time to trim the fat he could of ended up with a good Geoff Tate solo album, but as it stands he released a rushed work that doesn't even sound like Queensryche.		The rerecordings -	Tate said in an interview he did the rerecordings for money and it REALLY SHOWS!!!!! The instruments sound like they were recorded with Line 6 equipment. The bass is thin and the drums aren't remarkable in any way. The backing vocals on Empire were laughable. The other 3 were okay, but they made great songs and turned them into average garage band act type songs.		So there you have it, a below average album with a few average songs.
1,That's what I feel after listening to this album... blah.		I tried very hard to find this record's groove, but easy listening music is not my thing. EC the guitar God is most certainly alseep if not totally dead. The few times I heard his Stratocaster come alive, the noose was tightened and the tone was killed off before it had a chance to make a difference.		The music itself is lackluster and uninspiring. There are no stand-out tracks, and every song sounds like it could have been  written by any amateur songwriter. With such a great backing band and top-notch guests, this record should have caught fire and burned strong. The only thing notable on the whole album is the nice production.		To me it looks like EC has lost his hunger and passion for music and playing.		Very sad.
1,Beautiful girl, lovely voice and all we get is this disc which is 90 percent of screaming scat / rapping or whatever this is.		I tried to find hooks - songs like Deja Vu and Ring The Alram are basically the same phrase / beat over and over and over and over and zzzzzzzz....		What's happened to finely crafted songs?  I don't understand how lots of tough yelling and screaming (albeit somewhat melodically) counts as good music.  One is fine but 8 tracks of it?  Tiresome, uninteresting.
1,I'm not sure that Dale Ann Bradley's move to Compass records has been entirely for the better. Her song selection seems less interesting than previously and somehow self-consciously contemporary. Bluegrass songs about screen savers? Doesn't quite come off.		My other complaint is that the production feels overdone. There's no ensemble feel here.
1,The first thing that will come to your mind after a listen of The Crue's 1997 Generation Swine will probably be: What the f*ck were they thinking?  Has Motley Crue turned into KISS where each member takes a turn at the mic?  What we need to remember is that this is a reunion album of sorts.  For a long eight years have passed since 1989's Dr. Feelgood.  Vince Neil is back from his quitting/firing from the band.  John Corabi has been erased from the Motley memorybanks.  Was there ever another lead singer of Motley Crue?  I think not.  You didn't see anything....  Relax.  So...what do we have here?  Generation Swine?  This soundz like crap.  Has The Crue tried to turn the corner into Alternative?  Why is Nikki and Tommy singing on here?  Why is everything so distorted?  Why are they dressed like a bunch of fags? WTF?  All good questions... Apparently The Crue thought that since they were back together that all the old Motley fans had grown up and moved on and that the juvenile puree that was the Motley trademark sound was no longer plausable since this was the late 90's.  Wrong!  Motley Crue is Motley Crue, you either love them or hate them.  There should be no middle ground. (except for Generation Swine) This is one of those efforts that probably should have been twarted by someone with a conscience.  Embarrassing.  The Crue are tools here and that is not a good thing.  All decked out is short hair and neo-punk-bag-person attire.  Please...  There are very few nuggets of redemption on this album.  Find Myself is listenable.  Afraid is fairly cool.  I actually like Rat Like Me.  That's it.  Everything else is either complete crap or embarrassing.  (hear Brandon by Tommy Lee for an example)  Horrible!  Singing songs about their wives and kids.  Is this Motley Crue.  Sex, Drug & Rock 'n' Roll!  Move on.  Motley will rediscover their true identity on New Tattoo.		Deal with it!
1,Yes, I've seen this show live on Broadway, yes, I've heard Michael Crawford croon "The Music of the Night" several times and I've heard Miss Brightman's sad attempts to copy a true operasinger's sound. While seeing the movie in all its silken, romance-novel pomp didn't bother me (It was quite amusing and touching at times), this show never managed to convince me musically or dramatically. The story is well known, a pretty patched up version of mixing "The Hunchback of Notre Dame", "Beauty and the Beast" and some wild imagination together and you get this story... (Even though Leroux can't hold a candle to writers like Dumas for example) What irked me was not only the poppy and constantly one-dimensional music but the shallow way these characters are portrayed. Raoul de Chagny is a bloodless ninny (What Christine sees in that stupid fop is beyond me), Christine is the wide-eyed, innocent damsel (At least Mary Philbin gave her some dignity) in distress and the Phantom is a mess... Mad (That laughter was supposed to be scary?), in love with the pretty girl (Ahem...) and a genius...yet the "opera" he wrote is musically subpar ("The point of no return" is it...) and his singing, described by so many as "classical" is nothing but crooning in a charming, if technically questionable way. (At least the movie-version that followed last year did NOT pretend to be classical but was proud of what it was, a POP-OPERA) Sarah Brightman's smallish voice sounds squally in the middle, it's badly supported and her placement is all wrong. Her high notes are nasal (Due to the wrong placement) and chirper-like....		If THIS is all Broadway has to offer I'm glad that opera does prevail and remain the standard for REAL and not FAKED classical music.
1,Yup! There has been a rumour that Natalie Imbruglia's "White Lilies Island" had been named after a flower that her rival Tina Arena is completely allergic to. Fact is, it's her newly bought home in England. Lavish Natalie! Anyway, Nat's sophomore offering is not at par with her debut album "Left Of The Middle", no powerful alternatives like "Torn" or "Smoke" just plain, and boring handicrafts from Natalie's group of dragging songwriters and composers. She co-wrote some of the songs and there are only 2 standouts, "Wrong Impression" and "Beauty On The Fire". Good thing, these two had been released as a single but never gave justice to the slow and minimal success of "White Lilies Island". She even got sued by her record company for not generating hit singles off the album! 2 stars here, one for her beauty and one for the effort, Get Tina Arena's "Just Me" instead. Now "Just Me" is a great album!
1,The song "Control" was bearable, as was "Blurry", but it all went downhill with unbearable tracks like "Drift & Die" and the song I can't believe anyone likes, "She Hates Me". Now they're BACK, with a horrible new album full of singles to pollute the media's evil broadcasting. The song "Away From Me" finally convinced me of what complete ripoffs of Nirvana this band is. While I don't consider myself a big fan of Nirvana, none of the members of this band will ever match up to the talent Nirvana had. Especially Wes. His voice is actually horrible. He has the only voice I truly cannot stand (in the rock world). This is just an example of what hell our mainstream is going through. When MTV isn't playing Outkast and all that other talentless rap and pop bulls*it, the only rock they play is this and Simple Plan. Oh well. Wasn't disco mainstream in the 60's and 70's? This mainstream will die as well, and METAL WILL RULE!!!
1,How can any Joss Stone compilation leave out "Jet Lag" and "Snakes and Ladders"? Those two songs made me a lifelong fan of her work. Those songs groove harder and have better lyrics than over half of her songs, combined.		I love everything Joss does, but come on. Really?
1,Im a huge Police fan, and a huge fan of Andy's guitar style.  But this album was a huge disappointment.  Some interesting tunes etc, but nothing I would listen to again.  The drum work is truly dreadful in every way possible.
1,I don't know why I bought this as I bought a Scofield disk many years ago and it also sucked as this one.
1,I'm sorry to say to many hip-hop heads have annoited kendrick lamar as the best of the current west coast but this artist is so full of himself gmkc was a classic yeah you claim your the pastor of the people well your not only in your own mind sir and the beats are more funk and jazz melodies don't even match the tone of the album and the reason 2pac resonate with the people he encompassed a stronger message the truth is kendrick is trying to address social concensious causes however i've heard better messages from talib kweli, de la soul and pharoache monch
1,E-40 MAKES ME SICK AND HE MAKES ME LAUGH TO MY STOMACH.I HATE THIS ALBUM I DIDN'T EVEN BUY IT I HEARD IT FROM A FRIEND.THIS ALBUM IS NEVER WORTH BUYING.
1,It does say "complete Clapton" but how many CDs r with this. It seems impossible that his Complete Collection could only be on one CD is it?
1,Before I completely bash on it...ill point out the good things.  There ARE a few good songs like chronicles of life and death, SOS, Walk Away....ya thats about it.  And the lyrics are more meaningful and theyve gotten more mature.  But is that what their fans really want?  No, fans don't wanna hear about how we should feel sorry for tehm because everyone hates them, they want songs that are fun and upbeat.  They aren't anything like  punk anymore.  This is radio-pop,hip hop.  They had a huge fanbase and they blew it.  I can understand pop-punk changing to metal like blink 182 and sum 41, but hip-hop???  If your a Food charlotte fan, don't buy this cd. just burn SOS, chronicles of life and death, walk away, and maybe predictable.
1,Totally uneven album, full of great moments followed by ludicrous moments. Johnson vocals are irregular and often very low relatively to the music.
1,ok i admit it i bought this album. i might as well have burned my money at that. Green Day was a good band, dookie will go down in history as one of the best albums of all times, insomniac was also a great one (brainstew being the strong hold), when i heard warning i actually did like it but i could see the chain of events happening. Green Day was shifting from Punk to Pop punk. This album though brakes my respect for them. American Idiot is them enjoying their mainstreamity. i mean how can you consider this punk BVLD of broken dreams! wake me up when september end!? WHAT! what happened to piss everyone off green day, push the limits green day brain stew, basket case, greenday, what happened to I WANNA BE A MINORITY GREEN DAY. the only song that causes controversy is American Idiot (by the way sux) they may have gained many new preppie pop fans but they've certainly lost most of their real fans. By the way for all you true greenday fans i threw this album away, if you've bought this album i suggest you do the same. DONT BUY THIS ALBUM
1,Madonna breaks McCartney Top 10 record		Posted: 19 November 2005 - From Everyhit.com		Madonna has entered the singles chart at Number 1 with 'Hung Up.' In doing so, she has secured her 54th Top 10 hit and overtaken Paul McCartney - including his tally with The Beatles, Wings and various other guises. Though both artists trail somewhat behind Elvis' 76 and Cliff's 65 Top 10 hits, they are an elite group; no other artists have had 50 or more Top 10 hits.		Other significant Madonna chart facts....		-Longest span of Number 1 singles for a female solo artist		-Most Top 40 hits for a female solo artist		-Most weeks spent on The Top 40 by a female solo artist		-Most number 1's by a female solo artist		-Female solo artist with most weeks at Number 1
1,NOT A REVIEW OF THE MUSIC		Bought this disk because so many of the first generation CD issues of existing LP's were terribly mastered.	Sonically the disk is full of issues.  Distortion and unusually ham-fisted compression that squashes the loader sections noticeably.	Re-mastering should be an improvement!!!  It should also be un-noticed unless you are listening critically for it.		A/B this disk with my old copies of "the Allman Brothers" and "Idlewild South" and both the LP and the old CD sounded substantially better, although the old CD are a bit quieter (as you would expect).		I would steer clear because it sounds like it was "re-mastered" by some dude on his PC, after a he'd had "a few"... disappointing
1,As a spoken word collection, Jim Morrison strips away the trappings of pop culture and truly shows the power of his poetry. In a way, it shows a direction he may have taken in performance art if not for his untimely death.		But the concept is ruined by The Doors, who took Morrison's tapes and recorded nothing more than doodlings in Muzak, which sadly makes the end result a parody of the Beat Generation. Ultimately, this is for Morrison fans who are looking to complete their library of authorized releases.
1,I have listened to this album maybe five times and it neither grows on you or makes you find one song which I would call memorable never mind enjoyable. He is a mix of blues and country - although I am tempted to say he is in a class of his own. Granted, I do not find country or blues something that fills out my extensive musical collection but there are many noteable albums much more respresentive of such music which is definitely more appealing. It is interesting to listen to the album the first time but by the fifth I wanted to delete it from my collection which I did by selling to some one else on Amazon. Granted long term fans will find him appealing no matter what he does just out of respect for his long career but for some one who has finally listened to one of his albums, I can assure you I will not be listening to any of his past recordings if this is an example of where he has been as well as where he is headed. It just is not my kind of music. I encourage those who do not know this artist to listen to the previews here and on iTunes before investing even $9 for the basic album. If you are a long term fan, I am sure he is your cup of tea and will find his strange musical genre even more appealing with this album.
1,Really nothing more pathetic than watching or listening to 40-something or 50-something geezers playing the same s--t they played when they were 20.  Only not as good.  Saw old pictures of the Beatles back in 1960 dressed in leather when they played a stripper bar in Germany.  Can you picture McCartney and the other 3 staying in leather and rocking out in their 40s or 50s playing the same s--t?  Metal should have a retirement age too.  The songs are mediocre, sounds OK, but this ain't Reign in blood.  Give it up slayer.
1,A recording of someone farting into a tape recorder would be better than this. U Can't Touch This, Please!!! time to donate the Hammer tape to Goodwill or the Salvation Army.
1,I thought this was going to be the soundtrack from the movie.  It's not!  It's the music but it's not the original one done by the actors in the movie.  This is what I was expecting.  If you're looking for the soundtrack sung by the actors themselves, don't bbuy this!  You'll be disappointed.
1,From the opening song, the Paul Buttersfield-like Stake Your Claim, Reed lets you know he is prepared to wear his influences on his sleeve. Yep, the sweet gospel soul of the great Sam Cooke, the rhythm 'n' blues of Otis Reading and Wilson Picket and the funk of James Brown and more are on Roll With You. And that's one of the problems - it's a bit like a retro cover band, only the songs are originals.	Not to be too critical, though, it's certainly cool the big 1960's soul sounds - Stax, Motown and Muscle Shoals - are having new life breathed into them. These are young blokes in their 20s, but they are better than just OK players. The rhythm section demands you move and the power horns stand your hair on end at times - and they have all the raw excitement and edge of youth.	Reed's voice works, but he's no Eddie Hinton. The song writing could be a bit sharper, too. Though a bit weak lyrically, the sound is fairly sweet. For a 24-year-old blue-eyed soul singer, it's a pretty fair effort. But if you want to hear the best of rhythm 'n' blues, listen to the original masters.
1,RHCP are so over.....they were over after Blood Sugar Sex Magic, probably before that since they went so commercial.  BORING.
1,Metallica, or Electra, stopped putting out the original Garage Days Re-Revisited, which was put out in '87.  For no other reason than they must need even more money, Metallica puts this thing out that shows their progression from putting out some incredible stuff, to slowing down and sounding like a washed up version of Motorhead.  In addition, they removed Am I Evil and Blitzkreig from Kill Em All, for what reason I don't know, and slapped them on here.  Do you smell something fishy?
1,Get Dark Horse and stop shopping.
1,Usually, I don't waste my time reviewing something I can't stand. If I don't like it, fine, I'll keep it to myself. This situation, however, is a little different. I fell in love with Ra's music after stumbling upon their 05' release "duality" a couple months ago. That record was the perfect blend of hard/soft/unique rock with awesome vocals. Think Breaking Point meets Revis, and you have Ra's Duality. I was at best buy the other day to pick up the new SoCo side-project "everything in transit" when i came across "from one". Honestly, I didn't even know they had a past release until then. So, I got it thinking it would be just as good. It wasn't even close. First of all, the mixing and production is terrible and underbudget, and it totally kills the vocal melodies. Next, the songs are way to experimental for my tastes. I can't put up with a song that has no direction for 5+ minutes. Finally, what happened to the chorus'? The Ra I knew before "from one" did an awesome chorus, you know, the kind that make you sing outloud when you're on the freeway or in your room, the kind that make you love the rest of the song, even if the verses suck. Those chorus' are nowhere to be found on "from one". Of the 12 track arrangement, there are 2 or 3 songs I can enjoy, and the rest are terrible. "Fallen Rock Zone" and "Do you call my name" may be the worst songs I've ever heard in my entire life, and I USED to like bowling for soup!!! I'm not saying "duality" was flawless (it had it's moments), but it was something I could listen to over and over again, and really connect with. "from one" is no such album. I want my $10.99 back!
1,not bad for x poopers and those who like to get drunk I'll admit dk has sex appeal and that's all the music is kind of lame but hey it's techno still the song with missy is worth one listen.
1,50 Cent - The Massacre (G-Unit, 2005)		You love to hear the story. MC New Jack drops a great debut album but slips up on his second album. Yes, this is what's known as the sophomore jinx and it happens to a lot of your favorite rappers: Snoop, Nas, Jay-Z, Mos Def, Talib Kweli, Nappy Roots, Da Brat, etc. Well, you can add 50 Cent to the list with his weak follow-up to Get Rich or Die Tryin called The Massacre.		Don't get it twisted, though. It is far from a flop because it went platinum in the first week and will continue to sell based on 50's name alone. But this is one of those albums that you'll buy and ten years later you'll look back it saying either, "Man, I listened to THIS back then?" or "G-Unit/Shady/Aftermath was really falling off back then."		The first problem are the beats. Since Fiddy doesn't stray from his usual subject matter (blasting guns, getting high, telling girls to "shake it", dissing others), he needs dope beats to hold the listener's attention. Dr. Dre's presence isn't felt as much as on his last album and although 50 doesn't need all Dre tracks to have a hot album, it sure wouldn't have hurt. Mediocre production plagues the album throughout, even with the well-known producers. Eminem slips with "Gatman and Robbin'" and Hi-Tek's bad luck continues with "Get in My Car".		The second problem are 50's lyrics which, as I said before, haven't changed much. They are all rehashed topics from his  first album. His diss track, "Piggy Bank", is aimed at Fat Joe and Jadakiss. Although this beef is old news now, I find it funny that 50 is mad that the two rappers guested on his foe Ja Rule's "New York" song, and that song wasn't even a hit. Oh well, it got people to buy this album. If you do a few fast-forwards, there are a couple of good songs like "Ski Mask Way" (the chorus is based off of a Biggie line from the "Flava In Ya Ear" remix), "A Baltimore Love Thing", the remix to The Game's "Hate It of Love It", and "I Don't Need 'Em". The latter uses the same marching band sample that Ghostface used for "Metal Lungies" last year but to 50's advantage, more people bought this album than Ghost's album so the beat might as well be new.		But that's it. There aren't many dope gangsta tracks to keep the thugs interested and the only singles released so far are for the ladies ("Disco Inferno", "Candy Shop", "Just a Lil' Bit"). And judging from Eminem's mediocre album, Game's overhyped album, and Lloyd Banks' and Young Buck's album sales not even totalling as much as what 50 sold, the G-Unit/Shady/Aftermath dynasty seems to be fading. If you haven't picked up this album yet, just listen to Get Rich or Die Tryin' instead. You'll get the same effect but with better production. -EJR
1,How do you "re-vamp" these classics! This grouping of Temps is ok with the inclusion on Eddie Kendricks and the guy who replaced Eddie (Damon) but it ain't working. By now Eddie is a little weary vocally. Overall, this is not worth your money.
1,This is really hard to listen to. It is just short of being terrible. Don't waste your money or your time. Go to itunes to preview the entire album before downloading or buying it.
1,I've heard much of Meshuggah's output and this album really breaks no new ground. I suppose you can argue that if a band finds its' niche then why fix what isn't broken? I guess I can see that, but still, I don't hear anything on this recording that sticks out as some of the material on DESTROY, ERASE, IMPROVE, or CHAOSPHERE did with the exception of the second track-very nice. I guess my struggle with bands of this type (incl. Dillinger, Spiral Architect and the like) is that the genre embraces the whole idea of complexity and 'organized chaos' as a norm without regard to the whole. Even prog rock generally has some framework within which band's work. And it has been my experience that Meshuggah-while pushing the boundaries of any 'framework', have nonetheless had a bit more structure on past releases, more of those moments that pop out in the middle of the chaos and just grab the listener with a "whoah." Here I find little of that. Perhaps I'm expecting a bit too much? I don't know. But simply playing a series of chromatic scales or chords with little to no thought of the whole seems well, weak in my opinion. Playing eight string guitars is great, but how about all those players of just regular six string guitars who give the listener more to embrace? To absorb? I expected more. Don't get me wrong, this isn't bad. It's just nothing special either. Sounds like more of the same to me. This album makes DESTROY, ERASE, IMPROVE sound all the more original.  I'm sure die-hard fans will enjoy this offering, but if you are a newcomer this is not the place to start.
1,Go back on the farm with your mate Shannon noel
1,I was a big Amber fan with her THIS IS YOUR NIGHT and AMBER albums but this CD definetly doesn't have the quality she showed us in the past. There are a few songs that are OK. Yes was not her best single by any means and I didn't care for it too much but at least it had energy. THE NEED TO BE NAKED is just OK. A little cheesy but it has a little energy too. The only problem is it seems like bad teen pop. The only other song worth mentioning is SEX WITHOUT SEX and it is only ok. Maybe if a remixed version were made it could have done well but still a little blah in its original version. The other songs are boring and a waste of time. Don't waste your money on this. If you want dance music look somewhere else. A few of the songs will give you a giggle and make you wonder what she was thinking. THE SMILE OF MY CHILD is one them. Its Horrible with quite a humorous sounding "LAH LAH LAH LAH LAH" that starts the song off.
1,This comes after Blinking Lights?	This is a poor poor poor record to follow such an amazing album up with.	I've given it one star for the only good song on it #7 - Fresh Blood.	The other songs and hell even Fresh Blood sound almost exactly like everything the bands done before with slight changes.	The changes aren't big enough for long time Eels fans to take notice though.	This CD also comes off to me that E has been living in California for too long and should go out and explore another place as he's become too engulfed in it all.
1,This album tends to parallel George Harrison's "Extra Texture" album in many ways. The packaging was somewhat similar. When the sleeves of McCartney and Harrison's other albums had wonderful artwork, all these two albums had were giant letters on the cover which is about as mundane a sleeve as an album can have. .. even a picture of the singer himself on the front cover would have been preferable.		Secondly, the music on the album is as mundane as the sleeve. The only song on George Harrison's "Extra Texture" that had any get-up-and-go to it was "You", and even that song was mediocre. On "Wings at the Speed of Sound" there were only two McCartney songs - by McCartney - that were the least bit interesting. Those were "Silly Love Songs" and "Let `Em In" and even these two were so mediocre they were practically irrelevant.		"Beware My Love" is a very poor attempt at being a hard rock song. McCartney's voice is horse and the lyrics were too stupid. . .and the song still has no get-up-and-go. It is as bland as the other songs.		The timing of this album's release is also interesting. It was less than a year after "Venus and Mars" was released which tells me that McCartney may have been under contract to make another album in a short period of time just as George Harrison was when he made "Extra Texture". I'll wager this is the scenario that happened. It would explain why "Speed of Sound" sounds like so little effort was put into it. There wasn't much "feel" or "emotion" in this album. It was as though McCartney was doing math problems.		McCartney was the author of classics like "Yesterday" and "Hey Jude" and even most of his solo albums were top notch. If McCartney were basically a very bad artist, an album such as "Speed of Sound" wouldn't be much of a surprise or a disappointment, but McCartney is one of the world's greatest and there is just no excuse.		Still, all in all, this album is definitely better than "Wild Life" which was McCartney's absolute disgrace. In addition, we hear the rudimentary beginning of Denny Lane's possible solo career. Surprisingly, his two songs on the album sound much better than all of McCartney's songs. I'll give this album two stars instead of one.
1,I'm trying my best not to compare this to the Cure's past discography, but it's hard not to. In fact, no, I believe I will compare this to older Cure albums for the simple fact that the hype behind this record, according to Robert Smith, is that it was supposed to be the next progression in The Cure's ever changing sound.		  The reason I feel that I can make generalizations about this record as compared to other releases is that it doesn't sound like any kind of progression at all, simply take Bloodflowers and add the "heavy" production value Robert Smith was going for on this record, and this is the product. There was no great departure from The Cure's "new sound and image" at all. Robert Smith is still using lyrical leftovers from Bloodflowers (compare the lyric sheets, you'll find that the content is almost exact), and his new sound is still only the same crap I've heard from other bands before. This isn't a progression of the Cure's sound, it's simply a regression to meet the standards of a new era of mall-culture youth. And the only real obvious departure, on this album, from earlier works from The Cure, is the obvious decline in musical quality and lyrical ability.		  Now believe me, I wanted to like this record. I wanted to be one of the people that could listen to it and say "if you don't like it you're just too caught up in the Cure that you believe should be stuck in the 80's to appreciate the great forward movements they're making", unfortunately, I find that I'm joining in with the purists in say that it's merely crap. A desperate snatching at a new generation for anything that may rekindle the quickly dying flame. When Robert Smith was quoted in articles as saying that he wanted to try to explore an entirely new side of the Cure's sound, the most amazing examples of these instances that worked, can be seen in the jump from "Boys Don't Cry" to "Seventeen Seconds" or from "Pornography" to "Japanese Whispers". This is the kind of stylistic about-face that works, and the proof is in those great old records. But the fact of the matter is that Robert Smith has been trying so hard to re-invent the Cure for a new audience, that he has alienated the audience that has been following him since day one. Instead of what was obviously prior planned, Robert Smith is just "that weird old guy that my parents liked back in the day" to most of today's (out of the know) youth, and is simply a disappointment to most of the fans that are desperately looking for The Cure to make a comeback.		  I'm not saying that The Cure have to re-write Disintegration (as much as I realize how that little place in my heart would love it), I'm just saying that what was great about The Cure in the 80's was that there was no need to comply with the standards of the time, and that's what made them timeless. Maybe they've finally lost site of that particular vision, or maybe it's just finally time to hang it up. All I know is that, as much as I hate to say it, this record only left me feeling terribly disappointed.
1,Why did Depeche Mode release this? Were they desperate for cash? Was this a contractural obligation? Were they actually convinced that the songs on here were not crap? This album came out around the same time U2 shocked us all with the fantastic "All that you can leave behind,"  and when Madonna released "Music". At least they showed us that '80s artists could still swing it with the rest of them. Depeche Mode should have been like them but for some reason, they released this dull drivel. Such a wasted opportunity to embrace new fans. The tour for this album was crap too. Oh well, at least they didn't go hip hop.
1,Lots of loud guitar, lots of monotone singing, no melodies to speak of.	Or maybe it's just the same melody over and over again.		I give it two stars because it's extremely short and better than a Britney Spears recording.
1,Boring CD and doesn't derserve your money. I think even my mother will finding this CD boring (she is 65). Rod you should retire and do something more useful. This CD is TERRIBLE...
1,I remember seeing the video for Turbo Lover on MuchMoreRetro, and I can only imagine what Priest fans reactions were to it at the time of release. The stupid synth overdose of an intro, which melted right into a Billy Idol ripoff. It wasn't until I later bought the album until I realized how fully crap it was. The cover looked cool... some kinda puke forming a hand grabbing a handle. And puking is exactly what I almost did when I looked at the back cover as well as the booklet! Who were these glam schmucks? Make-up. Big poofy hair. Did I buy a Priest record or a Twisted Sister record?		Anyway, thankfully that prepared me for what was about to come, because I put in the CD, only to be tortured with more useless hair metal. My mom walked into the room and said "Is that Judas Priest? COOL!". I threw the CD across the room in disgust.		There are two good songs on this CD, which are "Out in the Cold" and "Reckless". But otherwise, stay away from this train wreck of an album. Even the song titles are mind-numbingly stupid ("Parental Guidance"? "Wild Nights, Hot and Crazy Days"????).
1,I really try...even tho he is a scientologist and homophobic..I try to look at the kind spiritual and lyrist that lays beneath it all...but I can't get past the ego of Beck....Id rather just listen to an Eels Lp...this isn't any good (I it took me 4 attempts to rid this "gift")
1,Not what I thought music was not acoustic or instrumental and to me it really is not country music as I know it.
1,First off, I LOVE, LOVE, Mudvayne (they're in my top 5 fav. bands & have been since LD 50)... I also LOVE (most of) Pantera... and I've lived most of my life in Dallas. Unfortunately, HellYeah, despite being comprised of some of my favorite musicians/artists, stinks to high heaven... and there's one very simple (and obvious) reason for this: You've got an IL (Illinois) front-man, trying to write "southern-rock" songs.		I don't really even like "southern-rock" all that much... I've only heard a few bands in my entire life, that sounded decent doing it -- and it's because they were born &/or raised in the South... but I digress...		There were only 3 songs on the 1st album I liked (the 1st three... the 2nd being the best)... and most who bought that album felt similarly. I, unlike most of them, didn't expect a Mudvayne or Pantera album... I expected a Southern-Rock album (a good one)... but it just didn't fly.		I decided to give HellYeah one more shot for a few reasons: 1) Fav guys, as stated earlier __ 2) Read pre-release interviews from Chad saying the writing & so on, went much smoother & came easier, having worked with everyone for the last album (ie, they had a chance to get to know each other & compliment each other, better... at least, that was the intended message -- one I fail to hear in this album -- but again, I digress) ___ and 3) Because I'll give any band (especially one with talented members) a 2nd chance...... unfortunately, this one is even worse than it's predecessor.		(most fans either didn't buy this album, or chose not to write truthful reviews about it, out of loyalty & wishing to see Chad, Vinny & the guys do well in sales... but it's my opinion, that if they want good sales, they should put out good music... not hope their "rabid fans" will take mercy & keep quiet.)		Do yourself a favor... if you absolutely have to show your support & buy the album, then buy the regular edition... at least you'll save a couple dollars..... your ears will probably still spew out a gallon of blood as you listen to it; but at least you'll have saved a couple bucks.		(The music, ie, drums, guitar & bass, is pretty good... but the lyrics are terrible.... sung well, in Chad's style of course; but he's proven twice now, he's not the right guy to front a southern-rock band... regardless of how close/comfortable he is with the other members. It pains me to say that, because I LOVE Chad's Mudvayne work... but it's the God's honest truth. Hopefully he'll spend more time with (and concentrating fully on) Mudvayne, and less time with HellYeah, from now on.)		PS: I'm reading the "tags" others have left, LOL!! What the heck does this album (or band) have to do with KoRn &/or Jonathan Davis!??? Wow!? LOL. Whatever. (I like KoRn too; but come on guys, really... Stampede is being compared to KoRn... talk about night/day, apples/oranges!) ;-)
1,This CD was disappointing since the previous drummer was replaced that might be why this album suffers from repetition. The only song that I really liked was (No Guts,No Glory)and the other songs didn't offer much and sounded all the same.
1,..see, you're all not gonna believe this, but the whole reason I bought this CD soundtrack was to get just one song off of it ---- and that is Ralph Tresvant's -- "Money Can't Buy You Love". (chuckle) I know, it's wrong but I really didn't care about the other tracks on this CD. Well, a couple others on there was a'ight, you know..., but I just love the former NE guy's track. Listen to it over and over again. Ralph was a silky sounder of songs and music, man..., too bad he wasn't given enough respect for his talents. So, okay the CD could be rated closer to a 4 stars..it's not bad. I just like "Money Can't Buy You Love" more than any other ones on it. Sorry.
1,Wow. What a train wreck. I purchased the album for the 'You Spin Me Round' remixes and held my breath hoping there would be a few other decent songs on it. There aren't. 'Nukleopatra is alright, but there really isn't anything else of value on the entire CD. No kidding. Half the other tunes are unimaginative, droning beat box tunes with naive keyboards and lyrics that must have been written by a horny 14 year old. Good golly, at least TRY to be creative. Or even interesting. In short, DoA lost the magic touch when they stopped working with Stock, Aiken, and Waterman, the studio guys who produced all their good music. Pete, time to close shop and deflate those lips.
1,I was disappointed. I thought more than one track would be good.
1,How can this CD with a release date of "Original Release Date: 2011" have reviews from 2000?  If this is re-relese the reviews should be only from the new release date on.  This 'carry over' is done way too often on amazon not only with CD's, but also with DVD's and Blu-rays.  The Blu-ray will have the exact same reviews as the DVD.  One would think the Blu-ray would have its own review as the content (extras) and quality would be different than the DVD.
1,I just watched this & was a bit let down. First the tour of Australia in between songs should have been a seperate extra not padding for the dvd. I corrected Amazons running time or tried to this runs 127 minutes not 187 as first listed. She ran through some of her hits with just a few lines from the songs & ran through full length lesser known songs. Physical was turned into a slow lounge song for elevator music. The early Olivia in concert from the early 1980s was far superior. I thought Carly Simon on the Queen Mary did her songs with more life than Olivia did hers. Her one back up singer looks like a young clone of Laura Branigan. Thats the way i saw the concert for my review.
1,I purchased the 2004 limited edition remaster from 'Hip-O Select' expecting it to be superior to the previous CD release I own. However I was stunned by the DROP in audio fidelity when I popped it in my CD player.		'Hip-O' is a Universal music group subsidiary label, usually known for their high quality repackaging and remastering of older titles, and the 'Hip-O Select' titles are limited releases of albums that are perhaps not popular enough for the expense of a wide release. Judging from previous 'Hip-O' issues I've purchased, I expected this re-release to be the ultimate mastering of this classic album, but alas I was wrong. While the bass response is fine, all of the high end frequencies are compressed, giving the CD a muddy sound, more appropriate from an old, well played cassette tape.		At first I thought it might have been the CD player I was using, but I tried it on another, and it sounded the same. I then pulled out the previous import CD release I have and played the first track for comparison; The sound was bright clean and clear with great bass and crisp highs. This from a CD released in 1992!		I cannot adequately express how deeply disappointed I am in this remastering, especially since it cost me more for this version than the first one I bought. Giorgio's album deserved better than this. I am truly amazed that 'Hip-O' allowed this shoddy a product to be released under their name.		If you truly want the best version of this album, there are two previous releases available. While I cannot vouch for the version on the 'Repertoire' label ( having never heard it ) I can wholeheartedly recommend the 1992 release on the 'Castle Records' label from Germany, as it is the other copy I own and is definitely superior to the American 'Hip-O Select' release.		Disappointing, to say the least.
1,Herb Alpert and his friends at A&M should be ashamed for putting out a 12-selection album claiming to be someone's greatest hits and then leave off four of the sixteen hits Sergio Mendes & Brasil '66 had from 1966 to 1970 under that title (two more would be added under the billing Sergio Mendes & Brazil '77 in 1973, and from 1977 to 1976 Mendes would add nine more, including one under the billing Sergia Mendes & Brasil '86).		But this is supposed to cover his Brasil '66 "greatest" so where are Constant Rain [Chove Chuva], which was their second charter in early 1967 [# 11 Adult Contemporary (AC)/# 71 Billboard Pop Hot 100] after Mas Que Nada (# 4 AC/# 47 Hot 100), For Me [# 16 AC/# 98 Hot 100 in April 1967], (Sittin' On) The Dock Of The Bay [# 12 AC/# 66 Hot 100 in July 1969], and Wichita Lineman [# 34 AC/# 95 Hot 100 in December 1969]? These all fit into the category "greatest" by any definition of the word since they charted on both the AC and Hot 100 lists.		The same cannot be said for Like A Lover, Goin' Out Of My Head, Look Around, So Many Stars, and Day Tripper. With the exception of Like A Lover, which backed The Look Of Love in 1968, these weren't even the B-sides of hits! At least their cover of Joe Cocker's With A Little Help From My Friends did go to # 31 AC in spring 1968.		That's not to say they aren't great performances, but come on folks. How hard would it have been to include at least all those that made the more lucrative Billboard Pop Hot 100 along with their B-sides and turn it into a 20-selection CD? I don't know whether you've noticed or not, but not many people are buying 10-12 selection CDs these days. Something else we like to see are informative liner notes. This has none at all.		A shoddy product from all angles.
1,Jennifer, honey, I understand you've been trying to establish your role in our society, but you STILL don't have enough vocal talent. And you're STILL showing off your body! I agree with many people who say that she should just stick to acting. She's not good at singing, but you have to appreciate the fact that  she's enjoying success with this album as she did with her "6" album from 1999. After seeing a piece of the new "Love Don't Cost A Thing" music video, however, I was shocked: she took off her shirt and flung it at the screen. LDCAT is one of the selections on the soundtrack to Lopez's new "Wedding Planner" film. But I liked "If You Had My Love" SO MUCH BETTER. Sorry, Jennifer, you still don't work for me. I'm sticking to my usual interests.
1,Yet another cringe-worthy Priest "experiment". All you can do is just shake your head in bewilderment. Didn't they learn from the debacle of "Point of Entry"? Since "Screaming for Vengeance" and "Defenders of the Faith" were received so well by metalheads, what could possibly have persuaded them that this was a logical step to take?	"Turbo" is a tiresome exercise in pop anthems, with the occasional cool synth effect. The title track is actually pretty good, and the synths are used as really nifty FX and okay I can handle that. But when you listen to Private Property, Parental Guidance, Rock You All Around the World, Wild Nights...etc. etc. it all gets old real quick. "Out in the Cold" isn't half bad as a ballad, but jeezus those anthems..ugh! This isn't the hard-edged "Breaking the Law" message anymore, this is a harmless suburban teenage rebellion soundtrack made by older chaps who got frilly hair-dos and colorful leather coats this time around.	If there's anything good to say, it's that "Turbo" sees progressively better shredding from Glenn and K.K., and the progressive disappearance of that sleeping drummer Dave Holland. How much of this was recorded with a drum machine? And it sounds like Ian Hill was given a vacation for this album, as well. But it always sounds that way.
1,I've listened to this once, and that's probably the only time I'll ever listen to it. From a songwriter of Neil Diamond's caliber the lyrics sound like they were written by a high school freshman in his first creative writing class.	Example:	All I want	Is to do it once more	Let me get through that door	Cause I still do believe that I can	Want that one more bite of the apple	And just a chance to taste it once again	Been around the world a time or two	Everywhere I've been I thought of me and you	I was hoping you'd remember how it used to be	And maybe that you'd still remember me	And that apple just as sweet as it could be	Reach right up and pick one of that apple tree		Just vague "you" and "me." Who's singing here about apples, Adam to Eve? "Remember how it used to be." What is "it?" The Garden of Eden before The Fall? His recording career? A relationship between two people? I want back through "that door?" First mention of a door comes at the end of the song. What's that about?		Neil's voice has never sounded better, but it's frustrating that it's wasted on such inane lyrics.		Things are gonna get serious.	What a waste of a chance for the two of us.	What can I do?	Is it so mysterious?	I would be much less than I am	if I couldn't have you.		Neil, you say you would be "less than I am," but you never say exactly what that is. What is it that this other person did that made you what you are? S/he was your "friend" and "by your side," but why, specifically--in the set of circumstances that precipitated this song--did you need a friend by your side? Rick Rubin also produced Johnny Cash's cover of "Hurt," and he should've made Neil listen to it every day, forcing him to tighten up his songwriting.		Neil seems to be drawing from a well-used group of metaphors and similes: "I was an empty vessel, you filled me up inside." Plato was using "empty vessel" as a metaphor way back then.		Some of my first albums growing up were Neil Diamond albums. I'd listen to "Hot August Night" through headphones, over and over. Compared to that album, this just seems like phoning it in.		Five stars for Neil's voice, zero stars for the album averages two stars, rounding down, just because I can.
1,Not my style - it's personal
1,I went looking for Lisa Loeb's first CD 'Tails'. Instead of 'Tails' they had this, and I had to buy it... well because of the cute cover. At first listen I didn't really care for this CD but the more you listen to it, the more it grows on you. Sort of, anyway. My favorite song on this album is 'Someone You Should Know'. I don't know why but I think the chorus sounds like a choir singing in the background. Other average-okay songs include: 'What Am I Supposed To Say' (the accoustic version) and 'The Way It Really Is'. But pretty much the rest of the album isn't that great. It isn't exactly bad, just kinda...blah. I wouldn't reccomend this album to anyone unless you're a Lisa Loeb fanatic. Her debut cd 'Tails' is a little better, but not that much. I don't think I'll be buying anymore Lisa Loeb CDs in the future.
1,The modern versions are better. If you like cats meowing, and screaming, you will love this version. The old versions are from old 78's. You might like this...I do not.
1,this is a hot album, wish it would've got a lil more promotion, at least a video....but yea, every song is hot especially "Somethin Bout You" and "Thought You Should Know"...PROPS!!!
1,First of all, how did this horrible series make it to eight?? If this crap were on the market as recent as ten years ago, it would've been laughed at from the get-go. Now, it gets to succeed and make some evil mind millions thanks to clueless soccer moms across the globe.		But this one really fries me. Why? Well... they butchered the first band I really liked, Green Day. They took "Boulevard Of Broken Dreams" and used it to wipe their [...]. Yes, I actually listened to the above sample (morbid curiosity) and I got what I expected. I also noticed U2 got the Kidz Bop treatment, not to mention the okay "Take Me Out". Kidz Bop... if you're going to keep spewing out this trash, stick to butchering the boy bands, pop-tarts, pop-rap, emo, and miscellaneous (Baha Men, who still, IMHO, hold the title for the worst song ever, 'Who Let The Dogs Out'. Yes, five years later, I still have yet to hear a song worse than that.). Leave bands with actual merit, like Green Day and U2, alone, okay?		I know this next comment will open up a Pandora's box of "unhelpful" votes, and will take my reviewer ranking down, and even some hate reviews (no need to insult them, they're sticking up for Kidz Bop for god's sake!), but here goes: If you purchase this, you are part of the problem, and you are contributing to the downfall of western civilization (which, if Nelly and Chingy are any indication, is already well in progress). Have a nice day.
1,I tried to love this album.  I wanted to be cool.  I wanted to be able to sit through the entire thing and I wanted to love it so much that I had to listen to it over and over again.  But, I'm NOT cool and I couldn't even sit through the entire thing once without taking a break.  Why am I even writing this review?  Who cares?
1,I'm sorry to say that this album falls far short of the devilish guitar playing that Zakk Wylde fans have grown to love.  The album starts off at a nice pace, but falters in the middle, and dies off slowly at the end.  "Bored To Tears" is a great song with excellent lyrics, but this  is not the case with the other songs.  "Taz" is a great solo on  the acoustic guitar, but this scarcely makes up for a weak structure  throughout the rest of the album.  I urge fans of metal not to buy this CD,  and I strongly advise fans of his days with Ozzy not to be suckered in by  this one like I was.  Wylde is a great guitarist, but I feel as though he  has produced a lemon with this album.  Hopefully, this won't be the case  when/if he decides to put out his next CD.
1,While I and those like me, who still enjoy this type of music and look forward to the summer concert schedule in our area of residence, await with much anticipation new material of the bands that got us through our youth, I can not help but feel embaressed for the crue for putting out such a weak and dumb album. Quiet Riot could have done better than this. This album and the live version of "Kick Start My Heart" are reasons enough to avoid this tour. Vince is barely audible on the live tracks. I thought Mick Mars was the one dying, but he sounds better than Vince.	"New Tattoo" wasn't bad but it has been along time since they were great, like the late 80's. If it took this long to release an album of new material and this is the best they could come up with than they may as well hang it up.
1,love Bruno but wish I had ordered the regular cd without the profanity
1,poor  sound  ...very poor it  went up  to the  attic  forever  the  day  after  i  got  it
1,So so
1,One of the best hard rock albums in recent years ,no doubt, BUT in my opinion-buy it on CD or simply download it. For some reason vinyl sounds horrible. I was expecting quality of sound close to Music on Vinyl  or may be recent DSD re-issues, especially looking forward to the sound of Bonamassa's guitars and Hughes's bass and voice. Nothing like this happened. Flat,colorless mixing reminded me of some bad monaural recordings from early 60's. I wouldn't mind to pay top dollar once again in case somebody like Bob Ludwig will take care of it, after all in my opinion-this album deserves it.
1,Kevin and Gary have written a good cd, a shame Kevin left the group, and Mike came in and rerecorded the vocals.  Ridin the Storm kicks butt. But rest of the cd suffers without Kevin.  Mike's vocals give the group too much of a country feel, and it would be even more so on the next two cds with him.  Still there are some good songs in here, SOn of a Poor Man, Start A New Life, It's Everwhere, and Without Expression.  If you don't go into this expecting your classic REO, you may just like this.
1,I don't know what to call this album. I like Keith Urban but this album only has a couple of songs I care for. I was disappointed.
1,Without any prejudice whatsoever, the original group who made the CD "From Manhattan to Staten" was a far better group in terms of a better rendition, because they were more natural with the African illulations and the drum beats along with organs, trumpets, saxaphones,tom tom,vocals, etc. My humble suggestion is that the original group should be regrouped taking a lead from the the first three(3) CD'S which were made, including "FROM MANHATTAN TO STATEN".If this is done I can assure you by GOD'S will that the CD'S will be a sellout.
1,I love Elvis. I would follow him anywhere. But really, what was he thinking? The album is flat. The lyrics ring hollow. The music uninspired. Maybe it's because he didn't write the songs. Maybe Elvis had a cold. Or Jupitur was aligned with Mars. I don't know, but I would urge a die-hard fan to think twice, and a new fan to run away--quickly--and purchase King of America.
1,How DARE Amazon lump limp-wristed effluvia like the (best pronounced with a lisp) Moody Blues in with "Procol Harum?"
1,I can't believe that people are comparing Novembers Doom to Opeth. To put them both in the same sentence is heresy in its most profane, I feel bad even putting both their names in this same sentence.		First of all, Opeth are far more talented and craft epics that shatter and defy what we know of modern music, not to mention their contribution to the re-defining of Death Metal/Melodic/Doom.		Novembers Doom are average at best, there is NO stellar musicianship or amazing epic songs on this album, or any other Novembers Doom albums I have heard.		The Pale Haunt Departure has its moments, though far and few between. Every song is marred with the horrid singing and cheesy Doom talking of the singer. Seriously, his singing SUCKS! His screams are decent though, and you can hear his lyrics(which suck and repeat about the same concepts through the whole album ie..not being good enough, is there a tomorrow, blah blah blah), but he sounds like a cheap immitation of the Amon Amarth vocalist.		I will admit some of their guitar riffs are pretty good, but they repeat the same parts over and over, as if they could not conjure up decent change ups and variations, and besides a few gems mostly sounds boring. The drummer sometimes sounds like he just started drumming, he uses his snare drum way too much and doesn't seem to know how to use it. There are a few decent drum parts, but nothing spectacular. There is virtually no bass at all, heard once in a while, when you can hear it, its average.		But overall, the song structure and dynamics are horrible and poorly put together. I don't see why everyone praises these guys. Maybe I just don't get the whole Doom Metal genre and its fans, but this album is weak weak weak.		I agree with the reviewer who stated that the intros are the best parts of the album, but after you get past 30 seconds of each song, the song turns into garbage.		People are so willing to give out 5 stars to every album. The Pale Haunt Departure is not worth 5 stars at all, more like 2.		The Pale Haunt Departure makes me realize that anyone can make an album and get signed to a label.
1,What's with all of the good reviews? You all know that this girl didn't get a record dieal because of her singing talent. It's because she fits todays image of black girls with white features and caramel colored skin. Be foreal.
1,not as good as most of his stuff
1,There appears to be quite a range of opinions on this album. Even those who agree on the number of stars to give it disagree about which songs are the best and worst.		At any rate, the party was clearly over for the Moodies at this point. They could not go back to their former glory, and it doesn't seem like they even tried.		I personally cannot imagine anyone giving this album more than 2 stars. Lodge's songs are terrible (especially his vocals), Thomas' songs are terrible, Pinder's song is embarrassing, Edge's song is OK, and Hayward's songs cover the range from mildly terrible to mildly acceptable.		When it comes to the Moody Blues, stick with the "classic 7" and PRELUDE.
1,Diana Krall is my favorite singer! At least she was until I heard this album. Her Jazz albums were much better.	If Diana is trying to branch out from her great Jazz singing, she needs to branch in a different direction.	Where her music normally leaves me feeling mellow and at ease, this one left me feeling depressed.	BUT then I discovered DENA DEROSE another favorite jazz singer had released a new album about the same time as Diana's	.	Dena's album, "TRAVELIN' LIGHT" is everything that Diana's is not.	WOW - Just Dena and her Grand Piano - Recorded Live	Travelin' Light is easily her best solo work to date..	Derose hits all the right notes		___To name a few: "Nice And Easy," "S Wonderful," "East Of The Sun," "Travelin' Light," "I'm Old Fashioned," and two rarities which are longtime personal faves -- "Why Did I Choose You, "How Little we Know", etc.	Check Dena out. You won't be depressed or disappointed.
1,A forgotten revue that played a half-season on Broadway.  Even at the time it was pleasant though unsensational entertainment. The recording has long been out-of-print and has never generated the same demand as other forgotten flops.  Without the comic sketches which were the show's high points, the album is curiously flat, and contains a great deal of filler. "Everlasting" has to be one of the most boring love songs ever written for the Broadway stage.  Grey shines in her big number "If You hadn't But You Did" and shares the spotlight with Lahr for "Vaudeville ain't dead/Catch our act at the Met."		It should be said that the music is far from jule Styne's best and Comden and Green's lyrics are nothing special.
1,Forget waterboarding.  We should force enemy combatants to listen to this CD all the way through.  I guarantee they will gladly give us all the information they possess if we only make it stop!!
1,i see that many reviewers like this band and this album.  i am not one of them.  i thought the songs all sounded the same. the songs were weak and unoriginal.  there is music that you listen to and instantly i am up alive and kicking.  the music just hits you and wakes you up from inside out.  this is NOT BTS.  there are bands that you listen to and maybe you don't like them, first time around but you don't not like them either.  they grow on you listen after listen.  this COULD BE BTS but it is not.	  the songs are weak, badly written and mundane.  there is nothing original or unique here.  im sorry kids, but i see many of you like this band buy BTS are not the greatest band in amercia right now.  (there is no greatest band.  any band i give, someone will always argue that ___ is better) there is nothing of substance to move me either musically or lyrically.	my take is to seek greener pastures elsewhere.
1,i bought this cd after reading all the "raving" reviews. what the hell? are you all actually listening to this junk. i was dissapointed to say the least. i wish it would have been better because the singer actually has a decent voice. the lyrics are written by an 8 year and the music is really generic. but thats what all you kids are listening to these days. junk.
1,This album is ok, but in my opinion, they were much better as a funk band, as evidenced on their first two albums.  Hope they get back to that at some point!
1,Horrible sellout idea from Eminem...Rick Rubin is awesome but to have made this a better CD and one that has any relation to the excellent second record Dre and Eminem needed to collab...the first track is so disjointed and fades out in the middle of a verse...horrible
1,This album is illegal, it has nothing to do with Aimee. Please don't buy it.
1,i was once a big tinsley ellis fan enjoying such albums as fanning the flames and trouble in mind. but what was once a fresh sound and fresh guitar has become increasingly stale. having seen tinsley live three times he sure left all his good stuff at home on this album, he even manages to screw up highway man which is one of my favorites. i know tinsley has felt he hasn't gotten his just due as a performer but efforts like this won't help his cause.
1,This album is horrible!! 4-5 stars really scott friends!! the sound quality of this album is very bad!!  should have used Rick Rubin!!
1,Got it because I knew a few songs. Should got those few off iTunes instead of wasting money on the whole album.
1,Much as I normally like Pink Floyd, I hate this album. Maybe I'm the wrong person to be reviewing it, since it's opposed to World War II, and I feel WWII was the only conflict of the past century worth fighting. But even when judged on terms other than that, it's still a boring album, containing three (four, if you're counting the reissue) mucho overrated Floyd songs: the arena-rock excess of Not Now John, generally considered the album's high point; the dull ballad Your Possible Pasts, which tries (and fails) to inject interest with the soft/loud dynamics; the whiny Fletcher Memorial Home, and annoying dirge When the Tigers Broke Free. But that's not all: it doesn't get much worse than The Postwar Dream, unless you're talking about The Hero's Return or Paranoid Eyes, and there are a bunch of brief songs (Southampton Dock; Get Your Filthy Hands Off My Desert; One of the Few) that do little but move the plot along, and are of low quality. The meager highlight is the title song, with Gilmour taking a typically first-rate guitar solo; even then, the string arrangement's virtually the same as Comfortably Numb's. Waters unwisely takes vocals everywhere, and his voice is overly pinched and nasal, giving it a very whiny sound. I'd take Dark Side of the Moon; Wish You Were Here; Meddle; Animals or Piper at the Gates of Dawn over this any day.
1,why bother doing this when you can't make it better than it was originally. the original songs were great. this is CRAP. REALLY- CRAP!!!
1,very dull album start to finish. this album lacks melody on almost every song. I should say, there is a lack of interesting melody through out this album. And any band that rhymes Fire with Desire (Subbing For Eden)in a song needs to go back to the drawing board. I thought that totally unoriginal, cliche lyrics were reserved for lesser bands like U2 and countless other hack artists. Some of the harmonizing on this album is just laughable (Bouquet). The last song is a dud.. sounds made for radio. I long for AFK. Yes, I have the album. I didn't download it and have listened to the album many times through, not just 30 second sound-clips. This is one to avoid.
1,What is this? I can't get jiggy with this crap? This album fails in so many ways. First off Ginuwine is not good at all by himself as far as producing and writing. He really needs some help. His song lyrics are childish and this whole thing about trying to be some kind of R&B thug is played out and very cheesy. This album has some tolerable songs but none of this is really inspiring or highlights his talent in any positive way. And the biggest disappointment.....Where in the world is Timberland on this? This album only has one good song...Our First Born, that's it. Don't waste your time with this.
1,Almost all the songs sound alike. I am wondering if these guys are composing for the new groups and have the sub quality songs saved for themselves. This is kinda boring. Totally bastandard.		The good tunes are :		2.  "Silenced by the Night"  3:16	3.  "Disconnected"  3:57	9.  "Neon River"  4:52	10.  "Day Will Come"  3:11	11.  "In Your Own Time"  3:43		The british die for this band and we agree these songs add to their best of... but as an album it substracts more than anything.		Disconnected is the gem here. Well rounded melodic song.
1,I really was looking forward to this, but anticipated something a little more "The Who" like.  "We Got A Hit"?  I wouldn't be so sure.
1,The label touted as Rhino Records has every right to use the name, but they ceased being that singular and  wonderful company when absorbed by Warner Brothers.  Ironically, Warner Brothers USED to be one of the most aware record labels in rock, pop, or whatever genre of music you'd care to name, but that also ceased with the acquisition of this fine label, and morphing it into Warner Strategic Marketing.		The new Bette Midler hits CD, "Jackpot - The Best Bette" does absolutely no service to the fans or to the general public.  Trying to shoehorn 35 years of music into one CD is criminal enough - the glaring omissions only serve to point up the fact that a two-disc anthology was necessary, and should have been compiled.  This CD presents a skewed view of a unique career, just as the first hits cd, "Experience the Divine" did.  There are several singles missing from the CD, I applaud the inclusion of "In the Mood", but where are "Married Men", "Under the Boardwalk", "All I Need to Know",  and the delightfully crazed "You're Moving Out Today"?? (I also would have liked the unedited version of the latter, which I have on a British vinyl LP).  Then there are the missing fan favorites, such as "Shiver Me Timbers", "Delta Dawn" (which, for the uninitiated, was almost a single until Helen Reddy recorded it, which forced Atlantic to go with a newly recorded "Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy"!!), "Twisted", and so many more which could have used the amazing new remastering.  Because record companies are greedy b***ards who rarely give the consumer good value for the dollar (Think about it - you're STILL gonna have to buy SOMETHING ELSE to get that one or two songs this CD is missing!!), I give this comp ONE STAR and hope that a two disc comp is somewhere down the pike while I'm still breathing!!!!
1,Not as good as I'd hoped nothing memorable very disappointing
1,...this record isn`t all that great. It`s a decent listen and a competent rock album, yet it seems somehow dated and formulaic. Almost all the songs follow the same formula, and if it`s alright in the beginning it soon gets repetitive and tiresome, given that the strong choruses and grand melodies lose their appeal and get a bit boring and unsurprising. This effort lacks edge, it`s way too shiny, polished and clean, and at parts it really is dull and predictable. There are some good moments to find here, though ("The Everlasting", "If You Tolerate This Then Your Children Will Be Next", "My Little Empire"), but as a whole this effort is just average and unmemmorable.	Not a keeper.
1,If you recognize the tracks by name and have a strong sense of nostalgia or you are a newcomer and are curious about what electronica sounded like in the early 90's then it may be worth your greenbacks.  Otherwise save your pennies on this Renaissance novelty.		Three discs featuring very poorly aged tracks encompassing various genres during their early (but continual) evolution.		I try to stay clear of accusing DJ's (that I also consider artists) of in your face commercialism, but this compilation has me changing my tune slightly.  Re-releasing a compilation from 1994 in 2005 seems like an easy way to sucker a few people into buying an old collection of severely outdated tracks.  Apparently the market was there as the original release was selling for up to $400 as a collector's item.		If you are curious about the history of electronica, and more specificly, Sasha and Digweed's early (possible their first) commercial release then you may be satified with this three disc set.  Otherwise there are much better "Mix Collections" out there that document electronica's evolution.		Disc 1 and 2 get 2/5 stars while disc 3 gets 3/5 stars (just for the fact that it doesn't have multiple re-mixes of the same track on it like discs 1 and 2 do).
1,TOO MUCH HIP HOP FOR ME
1,Less Than Jake have NEVER put out a record I could listen to from start to finish. Usually, we get about 4 fillers, 4 average songs, and 4 killer songs per record. The closest thing to a perfect LTJ record came in the form of B is for B-sides, which had only 2 or 3 fillers, and the rest of the songs were awesome. 'In with the out crowd', though, is by far their worst to date. I actually like 'borders and boundries' better, and I pretty much hated that cd too. Don't expect anything like "scott farcus" or "bridge and tunnel" on IWTOC, there are NO stand-outs here. Now I know why I never really got into LTJ. They just can't write a good record from start to finish.
1,Besides the title song this guys got nothing.  Not a very good rapper in my opinion.  Save your money and just buy the song on itunes
1,It pains me to have to spend time to give another bad review to Rattle, BPO and (mostly) EMI. Having heard many (and much cheaper) Requiems, why would any bother with this?	1) Rattle's conducting? Boring, no contrasts, no emotion, no anger! The last movement is too rushed, the pause between the overwhelming 5th movement and the 6th is too short.	2) The choral singing? Incredibly lame.	3) The digital recording: Terrible! Blurred, blended, no depth, no range.	5) Production? EMI has hardly done anything good in the last ten years. Seems to me is merely there for the money, not the vision or the art anymore.	4) Soloists? Well, OK ... but, what's left? A total waste of my money. Rattle and EMI seem to deserve each other fully.	Go to history: it's so much better... and the sound too!
1,I thoroughly enjoy listening to Dennis Leary rant and rave about life. But, this was a dissapointment. Too many skits (not even funny), this was more of a let down than I had hoped. There are moments where it is funny, but I do not recommend purchasing this
1,i don't remember buying this album so i'm not tottaly sure how it sounds.  it should be pretty good none the less
1,I bought this to give it a chance. Too manufactured, mainstream.  I am sure it will get a lot of awards.
1,There's maybe two or three tracks that I genuinely like. There's also maybe two or three tracks that are "tolerable". The rest...pretty bad. I'm a huge Wu-Tang fan, and while I never expect them to return to their glory days (Only Built 4 Cuban Linx, Ironman, Liquid Swords, Tical, etc.), I do still expect something quality. Compared to the very solid first album, this is pretty much garbage. It starts with the production, which seems about as forced (aka commercialized) as the production on Tical 0: The Prequel. It just doesn't fit with the style of Redman and Method Man. There's even hints of the dreaded auto-tune being used! Red and Meth are best with dark, grimy, or just straight up laid back beats...not the forced "club banger" beats we have here. Lyrically, they're still mostly on point as ever, it's just the concept of the songs and the production that kills this.
1,First, I love Neil Young.  His 'Americana' album was just great.  But this album felt like a self-indulgent popurri to me.  Sorry, Neil
1,If you have LEGEND: The Very Best of John Lennon, hang onto it because it is a better CD in terms of tracklisting and remastering. This CD 'Power to the People' is a pointless upgrade because the remastering is lacklustre and they have not included all the hits, despite the room. A CD allows 80 minutes, so why did they stop at just under 60 minutes? Why not give the fans more? The photo on the front is good but it is odd that everyone associates him with New York, when he actually came from England. Missing key tracks include 'Beautiful Boy', and 'Nobody Told Me'. Why not include these and more when their is actually room? Shame on the remastering, it is very poor when compared with LEGEND.
1,His voice is just awful. When will this self absorbed guitar master figure it out............THIS IS BAD
1,his voice is so monotone and there is no soul there at all. i bought this based on a re view...mistake
1,Pantera is over, passe'. Their heyday was back in the 90's. This is just a corporate cash in.
1,I really tried to love this album, but honestly it just isn't that great. Most of the 5 star reviews are from people who would give ANY new DD a 5 star review, no matter what it sounded like.		There are maybe four good songs, the singles, love you more and finest hour. the rest would've been cut from any previous DD album.		The true believers will rave on, but deep in their hearts they know better. Be honest, if Rio is 5 stars, this is only two or three.		And why oh why did they cut "Beautiful Colours"? It was the best new song on the tour before the album came out.
1,I own every Pearl Jam album.  I was always blown away by the passion of their earlier work, but the CDs in later years were passionless.  Each time a new CD was released, reviewers would praise the latest CD, but each work became weaker and weaker, although each had a few bright spots.  Although, Riot Act was dismissal from beginning to end.  I read reviews of the latest work which said the old Pearl Jam is back.  They said the band had the passion and hooks from the earlier days.  They are wrong.  Although Pearl Jam is still better than most "mainstream" bands on the radio, this work is still very disappointing.  They have tried to regain their passion, but it sounds and feels forced.  It is evident that they are angry about the state of America and the world, but they no longer know how to express that anger in their music.
1,I don't like writing negative reviews. I know that everybody has different tastes, and I respect that. I'm too old to be worrying about what other people are listening to anyway. That said, I gave this album a listen a couple of days ago and there are a few things I want to say about it.		The first time I heard this band was in 1999, when this was their latest album and almost every kid I knew (if they weren't into Limp Bizkit or BSB) had Blink shirts, green hair, and pierced lips. I was 12 at the time, and I was just starting to develop my own music tastes, leaning towards classic punk like the Ramones, Sex Pistols, and the Clash, and some newer school bands like Operation Ivy, Rancid, AFI, and even Green Day. I'd seen these guys on TV a few times, and my immediate impression was that they were "a boy band with guitars". It turns out I was right, but at the time I had no idea they were considered punk or associated with the genre on any level.		Onto the album itself. Frankly, it's not very good, at least not to me. But maybe it's my fault. Perhaps I'm just too much of an awkward, anti-social, disability-addled geek to be able to relate to a bunch of frat-looking guys singing pop songs about losing girls, getting drunk, and acting immature. They remind me WAY too much of the rich, spoiled white kids who used to throw paper airplanes at me in class, beat me up in the cafeteria, and walk away with all of the hottest girls in our grade (being the only Jewish kid in my school probably didn't help either). So in that respect, to call this band "punk" is just flat out silly. Punk was loud, angry, rebellious music about challenging social norms and thinking for yourself. Blink 182 fails that test.		Musically, Blink 182 are Descendents-lite with big-budget production and about 10x as much pop. Remove the angry social misfit/nerd-in-love themes and replace them with rich, suburban clowns complaining about every day, upper-middle-class issues and you have this band. The main singer (Tom, I think) has this high-pitched whining voice that is extremely irritating. That said, I'm giving this two stars because some of the songs are quite catchy, especially "What's My Age Again?". They could write some very solid hooks when they tried hard enough.		If all of the above appeals to you, go for it. However, those who are looking for true punk with substance might want to check out Bad Religion, Husker Du, Operation Ivy, or the Descendents.
1,Simply stated, this uninspired, cheap and altogether underproduced release is the last thing I'd expect from Mike Oldfield. The first CD, Light, bathes in self-parody. The only thing that it has in common with the gorgeous Songs of Distant Earth is the similar theme that pop up suddenly out of the cheap new-agey wallpaper making you think "Have I heard this before?.. Last time I liked it." Shade, on the other hand, is an awful attempt to stray into the trance/club territory (and a poor one!).		It's a big disappointment for me. I think I'll give Mike another chance (due to his superb works in the past), but it's a very slim one, that's for sure.
1,Rick Rubin suggested Metallica record on analog tape to get the "old school" sound.  He also knows a secret process of antiquing the tape by passing it through a "Death Magnet" to dirty the sound quality.  Metallica liked this new, "distressed" sound style so much they named the album after it.	Ok, I just made all that up...but that is the only explaination I have for putting out such a poor sounding album.  The songs are really not bad at all but the mix negates anything redeeming that I really can't enjoy this...I was actually looking forward to this release.....
1,UMMMM....don't we have all of these songs already?  I love KISS, but COME ON!  New music please with the original members...or take off the makeup and put out some new music with the current line up.
1,I  bought this thinking  it was another band. It has too much screaming.
1,i give this 2 stars based only on the compilation aspect of it, not the quality of the music or videos, which is a 5 to me. i was actually paying enough attention to realize i had to order it off the website for the saint video, which i did. but where the hell are the other videos?! Astonishing Panorama, Tainted Love (the funniest manson video ever), and Personal Jesus (especially since it's the lead single off this compilation).		worth it still, especially when you find all the easter eggs in the DVD, but... lackluster. could've been a lot better, and from the advertising, i was under the impression that it would have all manson's videos. i feel a little misled.
1,The remixes are not horrible, but they get annoying after a while, and the original cutz of the songs are better. I think any Britney fan should have this, but that's as far as it goes.
1,Consumers be aware that you can't play the DVD in America. I'm guessing you can't play it in any country, but Japan. The special edition was made for people from Japan.  The new album also only has 3 good songs. I am very disappointed with her new album. The lyrics are not that great or the music. The only amazing thing about purchasing the Deluxe Edition for people outside of Japan is the fact that there are more photos. I am a big Lady Gaga fan, but I am very disappointed with her current work. Also, people outside of Japan should not have to pay 50.00 dollars for a DVD that will not even play for them. Lady Gaga has fans all over the world who support her and love her. Every fan from every country should be able to watch the DVD. She says that she is all about equality and that she loves her fans so much, but most of us are being excluded from being able to watch the DVD. I don't know why she even approved of this marketing strategy!
1,This band sucks. This cd sucks. Simple as that. Listen to a real voaclist like Chris Cornell, Eddie Vedder, or Robert Plant Just to name a few. If you own this cd, do your self a favor and break it!
1,Love the Mavericks, this cd has no memorable songs or performances, sounds like Texas bar background musics, something there, nothing you remember. I listened to the whole CD, then threw it in the garbage after I got home from the movies, 'Macfarland USA', good movie about great people in small town America.
1,not a big fan of madonna. I only like a few songs from this cd and thats about it. i do recommened people out there if your a big Madonna fan buy this cd.
1,She will enjoy these mid tempo rock tunes. Makes Risk look like a Slayer album. As someone else has stated just lazy, uninspired writing and execution. I'm not one of those people that expect Rust in Peace 2 or the like but I would just like something that resembles Megadeth. Generic rock bands are a dime a dozen. It would be nice for Megadeth to be Megadeth. Wasting Brodericks talent is an understatement. The one and only highlight is the end of Dance in the Rain which is actually the best song on the album but that isn't saying much. Hate to make the Metallica comparison but this is in the same ballpark as Load through St Anger which they maybe play 1 or 2 song tops from those because they were huge missteps and no one wants to hear those. Same applies to this, Risk, and should apply to Thirteen. Having release Endgame which rips not really that long ago makes it all the more disappointing. I have tried to like this but just can't. I love Megadeth but I'll be sticking to their 11 good to great albums when I need a fix. If they do happen to put out any more albums I hope they got whatever this is out of their system and release something great. Not recommended at all.
1,I think there's 1 song on here that I haven't heard before. The rest r retreads. Terrible recording too. Sorry!
1,Oldfield has produced a limited number of great albums: "TB", "Hergest Ridge", "Ommadawn", "Incantations", and "Amarok". Everything after 1978 - with the sole exception of "Amarok" - has been a huge dissapointment. Gee, this man's music for a short while was almost close to Reich, Glass, Adams (when having released Incantations) in quality.		"Music of the Spheres" is another dissapointment. It is not comparable to the well done "Orchestral TB". No, not even remotely. Instead it sounds as if someione was in desperate need for cheap background music for a psychatrist's waiting room. That's all there is to it. A pale, pale shadow of the genius Oldfield once was.
1,"That wasn't too good" can clearly be heard at the end of "Spinning Wheel".Yep. How about "Blues Part 2" where  they bloat on until they wake up and ripoff the intro to "Sunshine Of  Your Love" ? If you need help getting to sleep this is for you. And how  about that cover art? Looks like somebody heard what was inside and lost  their lunch. Lounge lizards.
1,These maybe SACD but they are badly recorded and ONLY STEREO - NOT multichannel.		Why are these on SACD?  I have many standard CDs that sound much better.		Avoid - buy an SHM or multichannel version.
1,The disco era captured KISS in 1979.  "Lovin you" and "Sure know Something" are good songs.  Oddly enough the best song is 2000 man.  Sung by Ace-written by the Stones.  Go figure.  Once again Peter has  managed to write the worst song for the album.  Go Catman!
1,In terms of the selections of songs you find on this CD, it does a fine job of covering Camel's best albums (IMO).  It will give you a taste of their spin on progressive rock, which is light, dreamy, jazzy, and (especially on Snow Goose) at times so whimsical as to be a delight for children.		This particular CD came out very early in the life of CD as a media (1985), and they did little more than digitize the masters, probably with 12-bit sampling.  That leaves the music muffled and without dynamic range, so it sounds a bit dead.		Happily, the original albums were remastered and greatly improved by it.  They are much brighter and have the appropriate dynamic range and color.  I was inspired to find them after listening to this CD, which has sat on my shelf a number of years since I heard it last, and I'm glad I did.		Since you can get the remastered CDs used at very reasonable prices, I suggest you introduce yourself to Camel by getting either Snow Goose or Moonmadness, or both.  Different albums to be sure, but in the prime of this band lineup.  I also got Rain Dances, but didn't bother with the remastered Mirage (which didn't grab me when it was new either).  [Caveat: my subjective taste, no intent to offend those who love Mirage or other albums.]		The downside of getting this compilation is that you might miss out on many other fine songs which, though they may not be the very best that is found here, are worth hearing, especially as a part of the sequence of the original concept albums, and you won't be hearing the dynamic of the music as it was on vinyl or as it is now in remastered CD form.		I don't disagree with the comments made by other reviewers (dated sound; corny vocals), yet I still like this music a lot.
1,It's a bad sign when a new album isn't heavily promoted, especially when the artist's last album did pretty well. It's even worse when you find the album in the $2.99 bin at your local music store less than one month after its release. This is not a good deal; it's a bad omen.		Such is what happened when I purchased pop star Adam Lambert's latest CD "Trespassing". Let's get this straight (no pun intended): I love Adam. His "what you see is what you get" attitude is win, and I love that he pushes the envelope. He has some fantastic pipes and rock growl that will knock you off of your chair. He is practically dripping with sex appeal as a same-sex loving, Elvis Presley doppelganger, and his 2009 release, "For Your Entertainment", was a defiant rebel yell against the hypocrisy that is "American Idol". His latest album, however, is surprisingly disappointing.		I wasn't impressed when I first put the CD into my car's player, but I dutifully skipped ahead, thinking that maybe there were two or three gems amongst the filler. Sadly, I could not find one song that didn't sound like its rightful place was as background music to conversations in a nightclub. Gone are the stand-outs we loved from "For Your Entertainment," like "Strut," "Broken Open," and the title track.  Only one track on "Trespassing" ("Outlaws of Love") perked up my ears, and even that was forgettable. The sentiments expressed over being in love and society's refusal to acknowledge said love were touching and sad, but the song remains in safer territory. The rest of the album is filler fluff. How can you take a CD seriously when it proudly displays the shamelessly titled "Pop That Lock"?
1,Three good songs, with a lot of junk.  Reminder that popular taste does not equate to quality.  Not a great year for music.
1,Normally, I love Carlos Kleiber.  But here he does not take the repeats and his pace is, ah, rapid.  So rather than a stroll through the countryside, poor Beethoven is trotted along.  Your heart bleeds for him by the end.  You worry about his health.  You think, oh this can't be good.  Heart attack any moment?  Why are they abusing the man?  Stop for a breath!  No repeats are taken.  No one is allowed to enjoy the view.  No. Only between the movements when some souls dare to clap.  Is it over?  Is it bow time, was it really that short?  On to the next run, the next lap.		Listening to the end, the audience doesn't know what to think.  Did he end it?  Did he chop it up, was this Beethoven?  Oh, Carlos, what were you thinking?		And no cheers for Orfeo.  An abbreviated 6th and that is it on a full price disk?  Grrrr.
1,I am not reviewing Linkin Park, as a metal band. They  arent.		But Linkin Park plays stuped repetive music.		Basic stuped primitive riffs,  simple electronica effects, whiny voice with pseudo screams and rapper who just talks garbage.  Whoppee  do.. They have those fancy music videos, while their "music" is just  corporate stuff, dedicated for average lazy teenagers to move "their  ass"  and  "have some chicks and party"  with this so called rock music.		PLease don't through Linkin park in rock/metal charts.		They are equavalent to Backstreet Boys, Britney Spears and other garbage artists.		I used "Hybrid Theory"  as  a frizbee.		Ladies and gentelman, there are 100s of more interesting bands out there.
1,Yep...I bought this DVD-Audio and was expecting something great. What I got was no LFE and scant use of my surrounds (mostly ambient concert-like reverb). One spot of praise is the lack of tape hiss. Too bad about the rest of it...this recording could really sing (moreso than the 2 channel version already does) if remastered correctly.
1,Good songwriting	not a fan of rap though
1,That is what this will be...but I must be honest and this is, after all, just my opinion.	First things first...I am not a die-hard KoRn fan. They have their good moments and some proficient ensemble playing, but overall I  don't find them to be extremely brilliant instrumentally, musically, or in  terms of songwriting. They're just proficient. I don't consider weird  little sounds and effects during verses followed by 2-3 power chords to be  genius. And they're definitely not "inventing metal."  Please.	But I have been with them since the debut and "Life Is  Peachy". I desperately wanted to like "Issues", but I must  be frank...it's a dissappointment. And that's not because I'm comparing it  to their other CDs...it dissappoints on its own. This album is mostly made  up of mid-tempo, plodding, monotonous songs with similar if not identical  structure...soft breakdown on the verse featuring Jon's raspy whisper or  annoying whine, followed by a barrage-of-noise chorus with the band on 10  and Jon in full screaming form. And we're talking 2 to 3 chords here  max....sans any key changes. There's alot of talk about KoRn experimenting  with "beats" but I have yet to hear that. Additionally, the  hard-edged, metallic bite of Korn's dual 7-stringed guitar assault is  missing, as well as the aggressive, precise cutting attack of David's  drums. The production is too glossy and has too much of a sheen.....the  album ends up sounding muddied and unclear, with too much middle-frequency  sound. Compare "Issues" back-to-back with LIP or FTL and you'll  understand. It takes away from the angst and rage of Korn's lyrics and  delivery (which I have to agree is a bit overdone here).	It sounds  mediocre and not too inspired. Yes, "Falling Away",  "Trash", "Beg For Me", "Hey Daddy" and  "Let's Get This Party Started" do stand out somewhat....but only  because they revert to some of the formulas that made LIP and FTL  big.	Sorry people, I wanted to like it...but there you have it.
1,Oh, ever since it was announced Sarah McLachlan was putting out a best of, I was impatient for it to get here. The song list had everything I wanted. Bought the disc, tore off the plastic, threw it in the player... and... Holy crap! Someone turned the treble up to 11 (yeah, Bob Ludwig, I'm lookin' at you!!!)!	This is one of the harshest sounding discs I've ever heard. Even when Sarah sings a word with the "f" sound in it, it sounds like an "s". THAT'S harsh. It hurts to listen to this cd. And I think it's 'cause discs are being mastered now with ipod in mind. I really do. There's no excuse for such a slipshod job. I pulled out my copy of 'Surfacing' to compare "Building a Mystery", "Sweet Surrender", Adia", and "Angel", and they beat the best of's versions easily. There's more warmth to the 'Surfacing' versions, and that disc is 11 years old!		Sarah and her fans deserve better. This disc has only been out a few days, and it already cries out to be remastered... by someone who knows what they're doing.		So, content: 5 stars	Sound quality: -3 stars	Total stars: 2
1,She's no longer country music. This will appeal to the 12-year-olds.	Lame music and lyrics.
1,I USED to be a big Madonna with albums like Like A Virgin,True Blue,Like A Prayer,and Ray Of Light....Did she fall on her head before making this crap...There are not hit singles here and no good songs at all..This album debuted at #1 I don't see how...But after only 1 week it dropped to #10 and so on...Do not get this Madonna album
1,I don't know why people keep calling these guys the founders of Black Metal. Cradle of filth formed three years before this cd came out, and Cradle does this sound a lot better. The man who sings in emperor relies on distortion in his instruments and production to hide the fact that he has no vocal range at all.	This band is nice if you like this type of music, but every element on here is one that has been improved upon by more creative bands like Cradle of Filth. So if you like this cd I would recomend Midian and Lovecraft & witch hearts.
1,where is I could fall in love, and dreaming of you? or is that for part two? to make more $$$$?
1,These dopes think I'm going to write something here. Nuts to them.
1,Or is the girl outstandingly over rated. From my estimation her voice is dull, monotonous, tedious and samish. Unfortunately I feel the same about her penmanship, her songs are morose and are so similair in nature that they bleed into each other. I find the sentiment behind them worryingly self indulgent too and suspect that this may be at the root of her mass appeal. I for one one am waiting only for her bubble to burst so she will go away!
1,The very first song has an almost hypnotic musical element about it which captured my interest.  After that, there is nothing on the album I like.  Listen to a few seconds of that song and see if you don't agree. (You should be able to do that for free through the net.)  It's probably better to just buy the one song rather than the whole album.
1,Hard to believe, but they left off "Message to Love" the best song from the whole concert. It's available on the Band of Gypsies. Why not here? Greed. They want fans to buy both albums. Typical.
1,This album is Coldplays 2nd album and I have rated it 1 star because I originally was going to give it 2 but that would rate it the same as "Parachutes" and this is by far a lot worse than that album. I remember hearing Chris Martin say that they would only record one album and then he'd go busk in Paris or somewhere... so much for that.		"Politik" starts the album off at a pounding plod with very dull lyrics and the vocal delivery isn't too good either,no matter how much Chris Martin multi-tracks his vocal it won't make it any more powerful sounding. Around the 3:20 point the song actually starts sounding very promising... until the singing starts again, this guy simply lacks delivery on this part and ruins what could have been a great middle section. The instrumental outro is the best part of the song and the most moving piece too.		"In My Place" features the traditional 3 note guitar "solo" motiff that Coldplay are famous for. This is simply "Yellow" part 2 and where the afore-mentioned song was bad... this is just as bad. With a slow thump and pace that almost makes you want to close your ears. I can see why it was chosen as a single, although out of the 3 big singles from this album this was the worst.		The third song "God Put A Smile On Your Face" is the albums 2nd best song. Where it lacks in lyrical content it makes up for in the music. A dark edge permeates this song and is highlighted well by "The Edge" sounding electric guitar. Sadly as mentioned earlier the lyrics are lacking and the mentioning of "lines" is back for the 8th time, it seems that "lines" and drawing them is a big deal for Chris Martin.		"The Scientist" the best single released by Coldplay... and you guessed it! Another love song. When will these boys tire of it? Musically it isn't much and lyrically it isn't fantastic, but the delivery of it and feel it what makes it the albums best song. Shame about the falsettos in the outro, getting over done in Coldplay material. The video was interesting though!		By now everyone should recognise the arpeggiated piano intro to "Clocks", a single, nothing amazing, and again it lacks in quality lyrics and the music is very repetitive. Also featuring the falsettos "aoooo oh" chorus which Chris thinks will never go out of fashion. But he does do some harmony vocals in the later verses.		"Daylight" seems to be a filler song and nothing at all to talk about there really, except it is the albums 2nd longest song! The song that follows on is "Green Eyes" and again nothing fantastic in this one either... would have been a better b-side.		"Warning Sign" starts with an electric guitar and within a moment the boring drum beat kicks in that you hear in many a Coldplay song, the subject seems to be about missing a lover (no suprise there) and really goes nowhere but where it started. Longest song.		"A Whisper" is a promising more upbeat sounding tune, but gets lost in itself easily and has not much to talk about as it just seems to lack anything that would make the listener think "wow!" there is no wow factor here.		The albums title track is the penultimate song and drifts in a hazey mood. Not much really in this song either except for some slightly interersting sounds that fade into the song around the first minute.		"Amsterdam" ends the album at last and has some nice piano playing on it. Around the 3 minute mark is where the band kick in but as with most of the album there is nothing much to talk about in terms of quality.		Overall this album is a weaker comparison to their debut album and seems almost a re-hashing of what the public wanted.
1,I'm really suprised to see all the positive feedback that this cd received. After getting furnace and microscopic, I was expecting more of the abrasive, nerve-grating sound that this crew is known for. Instead, we get a bunch of hypnotic, mellow tracks with no real beauty to be found anywhere. I'm a fan of mellow electronic music, but this just doesn't make the cut IMHO. Everytime I put it on, it kind of just faded into background music for me. Something that the Download of 1995-96 would never be able to do.
1,In their first 2 albums, Destiny's child tried to show some class and not act ridiculous, but with the release of "Survivor" and now this album, they have become trashy.  I blame mostly Beonce since she had more creative control over these albums than the previous 2.  This CD tries to hard to fit in with the R&B culture of today.  Watching these girls trying their hardest to be "ghetto" in the videos is just sad.  Definitely don't waste your money.
1,This is another one of those "lost masterpieces" that looks intriguing in the record shop, becomes more so as you read through the liner notes on the commuter train, but the by the time you get home and listen for five minutes, you know you've been had.  How to describe this?  Well, the instrumental arrangements are actually pretty cool, but the singing is mechanical and the lyrics are what I would call stupid.  It adds up to an unpleasant mismatch sounding like a bad karaoke vocalist fronting a professional band.		Also, the album cover is a little misleading.  The front is just Judee next to a tree looking down, but the back shows her next to a tree playing a guitar.  It suggests at least some self-accompanied guitar and voice songs, but there are none.
1,I hate, hate, hate the song "Big Balls." I recall being in a record store way back in the Seventies when somebody put it on. Even as a clueless Twentysomething I reacted violently, wanting to ram an icepick into my ears.		I am convinced, listen to Big Balls more than once and your brain cells will wither and die.
1,This doesn't sound like YLT at all. If you like a bunch of slow, acoustic, sad songs this is an album for you.		Maybe it's the fact that this record is a good attempt to pay tribute to some unknown bands that it gets a couple of stars...I honestly, don't get it.
1,A lot of people fell in love with Nine Inch Nails in high school. For me, the two-disc 1999 epic The Fragile perfectly captured the frustrations of adolescence, complete with screaming, depression and a me-against-the-world mentality. From there I picked up the rest of the catalog, and even wasted a Burger King paycheck or two on ill-conceived remix CDs.		Pretty Hate Machine was accessible; Broken was angry; The Downward Spiral was progressive - each found a special place in my CD collection, sometimes off to the side due to the oh-so-artsy, won't-fit-in-the-organizer cardboard packages.		It's been five and a half years since then, and Nine Inch Nails's latest release, With Teeth, is a little of everything that came before. Only not as good as that description would imply, because Trent Reznor's songwriting just isn't there.		Simply put, With Teeth has too much filler for five years of work. "You Know What You Are," for example, is basically a rewrite of The Fragile's "No You Don't," only this time the chorus lyrics ("DON'T YOU F---ING KNOW WHAT YOU ARE!?!") demonstrate the fall of Reznor's way with words.		"The Collector" is sure to collect dust, with a forced gloominess that reminds listeners that, no, Reznor is no longer a depressed, fingernail-painting eighth grader. The intricacies of stanzas like "I pick things up, I am a collector / And things, well things, they tend to accumulate / I have this net, it drags behind me / It picks up feelings for me to feed upon" are sure to inspire intense thought. For anyone who doesn't know what "collector" means or eats feelings, anyway.		The title track is another flop, with hilariously exaggerated pronunciation ("With-uh teeth-uh!"). "Only" is supremely annoying, with Reznor rambling aimlessly over a techno beat in a matter reminiscent of Pretty Hate Machine's "Down in It."		And so the record drags on, with awkward spoken-word sections, forgettable melodies and half-assed pseudo-pop hooks ("She turns me on." Very inventive and very funky, Trent). Reznor tries to combine the mindless attitude of Pretty Hate Machine with the guitar and computer tones of The Fragile but can't quite swing it.		Thankfully, though, it isn't all bad. The lead track, "All the Love in the World," steals a melody from The Fragile's "Even Deeper" but redeems itself with a decent chorus and interesting piano outro.		Also, while first single "The Hand that Feeds" is nothing fresh or spectacular, it is catchy. "Every Day is Exactly the Same" is up to typical Nine Inch Nails standards, though the lyrics get a bit cheesy at times, and the verses of "The Line Begins to Blur" bring a healthy dose of genuine self-loathing. "Beside you in Time" builds from a mediocre beginning into tense, thick, computer-generated harmonies.		"Right Where it Belongs" is easily the record's masterpiece - if only there were more like it. A lilting piano melody runs alongside a dreary, processed guitar line throughout the song, laying the foundation for a classic Reznor vocal line. Very much in the tradition of "Something I can Never Have," "Hurt" and "The Great Below," it's perfect wrist-slitting music: slow, depressed and hopeless. In short, it's awesome, despite the out-of-place sound of an audience's cheering two-thirds of the way through the track.		Trent Reznor has long been a mainstay of the alternative scene, with each record better and gloomier than the last, but he reached his peak with The Fragile. With Teeth demonstrates no growth, and only a minority of songs would have been good enough to appear on any other NIN album.		Maybe he'll return to form with his next release (2010, if past trends are any indication), but With Teeth - plus the obligatory, overpriced remix compilations - won't hold fans' interest for five years.
1,For a taste of what these guys are all about, Checkout the album Dysfunction.  By far, still their best work to date.  Then follow the albums in order of release and you can here the changes take place throughout.  Overall, this is an ok album.
1,LFO Please! first off doesn't everyone find somone atractive on tv. And on summer  s whats up with the abracrombie & fitch?  also what does disliking chinese food have to with summer  s s. Rich (the lead singer)  has the voice of a really bad rapper! not to mention that masterful name!  "the lyte funkie ones". i laughed four about an hour when i found  out the name of the album. my prediction is that they won't make a 2nd  album.
1,I used to love Cheryl Crow. I worked at a classic rock station back in the early 90s when I was fending off hot women with a bamboo stick. I would spin "All I wanna do" and I would feel pretty good about life. Her albums don't seem to have that bubbly side anymore and I miss it. It's kind of like when the industry took the zest out of Samantha Fox. Fox was a lyrical genius with something to say, but that was more than what the suits wanted to hear. I know Crow is probably depressed because most people are sad when they break up with someone that rides bikes. Bike rides are fun and can be romantic if you drink heavily while riding. She got to go watch people ride bikes for weeks and now she probably doesn't do that anymore. That's how albums like this happen. She needs to just lay the politics down for a minute and realize that Quaker Oats is not going to stop making apples and Cinnamon oatmeal anytime soon. The world is not a bad place, there are just a lot of people recording bad music. I think Sheryl should sit down with Britney Spears and write songs about Justin Timberlake. That would solve a lot.
1,As a Mayall Fanatic, I enjoy this album for previously unreleased John Mayall, Peter Green and Mick Taylor tracks. There are definitely some great tracks such as 'Out of Reach', 'Greeny', 'Hide and Seek'. But as an overall presentation, it is definitely a collection of second best tracks left off other albums.
1,I am a Jeff Lorber fan. You've got to be to purchase a CD made in the 80s. This CD is a big disappointment from the few listenings I've had. Normally, Jeff Lorber produces music that is a cross between fusion jazz and smooth jazz. But this CD is mostly pop/soul recordings with guest singers. I virutally hate this work. But the title cut, the last on the CD is classic Lorber and good.
1,I'm still wondering why I bought this stupid record. I should have known it was going to be bad since it was by "P.Diddy". Every song on here is unbearable except for "Let's Get It" and the okay "Bad Boy For Life".The other 23 tracks...are just pure junk. Skip this dumb and pointless CD and don't even think of buying the remix version. Both were made for money and nothing else.
1,Well this is what I really expected. Not saying it's bad, or good, but just too much lightweight for my blood. "This Diamond Ring" well it's been overplayed, but still a good song, and even though Al Kooper didn't have Gary in mind when writing it it's still a good version anyway. However, there's some real trash on here, and "Count Me In" is at the top of the heap, and that's not good, "Clown" is next, "Sure Going To Miss Her", and "Green Grass". However, "Sealed With A Kiss" was not a good version either. However, it's not a good song anyway, but to put strings on it; that made it worse. Now for some other good stuff "My Heart's Story" is really good unfortunately, I only had a 30 second sample of the song, and then there's the song I heard on AM radio in Honolulu, HI., and it made me feel so cool in the convertible at age 23, and that's "She's Just My Style". That is a song that even if it was released a year later in 1967 I think it would still be excellent. I can just easily say that Gary had his father's influence, and power for getting into show business, but I'm not going to. Gary as far as I'm concerned has the talent to make it on his own, and he's proven it by his comeback in 1985, and still going today, but I just wished he would rock it up a little more, and see what the other side of "She's Just My Style" could be like.
1,Shortly after 4P, the original lineup fell apart.  Chuck Biscuits either quit or was fired over a monetary dispute, and Von and Christ departed soon thereafter.  Glenn Danzig then parted ways with super producer Rick Rubin, jumped record labels, and took a hard left turn into the industrial/darkwave music scene -- writing, producing, and, with the exception of a hired gun on drums and Joseph Bishara of 16 Volt (a 3rd rate industrial/EMB act on 21st Circuitry Records) handling the programming, actually playing most of the instruments himself.  It was a failure of a scale few in the metal scene had ever witnessed before, which not only got him laughed at in the industrial scene, but nearly alienated his metal fanbase, and saw him dropped by Hollywood records as well, whose parent company, Disney, apparently knew nothing about Glenn Danzig or his obsession with satanism when they signed him in the first place.		I'm all for musical evolution/experimentation/what-have-you so long as the group's musical identity doesn't get lost along the way.  However, Danzig's Elvis-like yowl and bluesy metal leanings didn't go together with industrial music in any way that made sense.  Most of the songs are just programmed loops, with live drums and the occasional processed guitar thrown in for good measure.  Danzig's vocals - his signature and primary strength as a musician, are inexplicably marred by poorly processed effects and buried low in the mix.  Most of the album is unlistenable, and it takes a lot to get me to say that.  In fact, I'm not really sure what the album's lowest point is -- the laughably bad lyrical content on "7th House", the ridiculous porn samples on "Serpentia", or the butchering of Black Sabbath's "Hand of Doom" - a duet w/ Jerry Cantrell (of Alice in Chains fame), complete with re-written lyrics(!) courtesy of Danzig himself.		Of all the songs on here, "Hint of Her Blood" is the only one that really works in the form presented - it's a creepy, psychedelic number that sounds like something you'd hear at an s&m bar.  And were it not for the `novice' level programming on "Sacrifice", the song could have been one of Danzig's best.  As it stands, it's decent enough, but the overly simplistic electronics during the verses is pretty embarrassing.  Both "Come to Silver" and "See All You Were" have catchy melodies but don't work as industrial songs.  With the former, we at least got an organic take on Lost Tracks that puts the version here to shame.  With the other, no such luck.		Had Danzig managed to coax a programmer with more experience and maybe some scene cred to collaborate on the songwriting, things might have gone differently.  Note that I said "might have" (anyone else remember Rob Halford and Trent Reznor's failed 2wo project?). Programmer/producer Rhys Fulber (formerly of FLA) has worked with metal bands like Nailbomb, Fear Factory, and Paradise Lost, and gotten positive results with all of them.  Blackacidevil might have fared better had Danzig sought out someone of Fulber's caliber to man the switchboard, since producing has never really been Danzig's strong suit (as the latter half of his career illustrates).  And given he was an outsider looking into a different music scene and seemingly unable to handle the learning curve, it would have made for a better game plan than simply fumbling thru it on his own.  But then I don't exactly see Danzig collaborating with anyone on anything so long as the "Danzig" name's on the cover.  Refusing to admit defeat, Danzig took another stab at the industrial genre with the followup album, Satan's Child (with the guys from Orgy -- a one-hit-wonder group, whose sole claim to fame was a cover of New Order's "Blue Monday") filling in for Bishara - but the album, while at least listenable, was still an abortion.		I should point out that Blackacidevil's been released three times now, each time with a different cover, and once with bonus tracks - none of which are featured here.  I'm not really sure why it's been re-re-released anyway, when there are other Danzig-related albums not currently in print (**cough**cough**the Samhain Box set**cough**) for which there actually is a demand. Unless you're a completist - and even then I promise that you'll never listen to it - spend your money on something - anything else.  If you're interested in post-classic lineup Danzig, then check out Lost Tracks and Deth Red Sabboath - neither of which are perfect, but nonetheless have enough worthwhile music on them to warrant a listen.
1,Marc Anthony has a alright voice but aside from I need to know this is standard run of the mill material.nothing that hasn't been done a Million times already.formula pop.
1,"Goes to Hell" is the follow-up to the excellent "Welcome to My Nightmare".  Indeed the storyline of "Hell" is very similar to "Nightmare".  Because of the success of "Nightmare", someone (was it Alice or Ezrin?) thought that a repeat with weaker material would be equally successful.  I tend to think that it was Ezrin as Alice was "not all there" during this period.  Or maybe Alice decided that he could do anything and it would be great?  I can imagine the conversations in the studio went like this -- picture Alice being followed around the studio by a bunch of "Yes Men".  Alice: "Hmmm...maybe we should do a disco song?" Yes Men: "Brilliant, Alice. What a great idea! You're a genius!" Alice: "You know, I've always admired Barry Manilow.  Perhaps I could BE the next Barry Manilow?  How 'bout we do a Barry Manilow-like ballad about crying and self-pity?"  Yes Men: "Absolutely brilliant!  You're a God, Alice, I tell ya -- A GOD!!"	Incidentally, these Barry Manilow-like songs were the only hits from the period of "Goes to Hell", "Lace & Whiskey", and "From the Inside".  But (not that I care for Barry Manilow) if I want to hear a Barry Manilow like ballad, I don't want to hear it from a self-deluded former hard rock performer.  Gimme Barry Manilow.	On the positive side, there is some fine guitar work by Steve Hunter on "Wish You Were Here" and the song "Go To Hell" has its' moments.	Overall, not one of Alice's better efforts during an admittedly difficult period in his life.  Only for the true die hard Alice fan.
1,Moe is so un-original...please wake up from the trance you are in..and realize that Moe is the worst band on the planet.
1,I've always felt that you can tell the quality of the music by how little the singer is wearing on the cover of the album. Fergie has shown her obvious talents with the black eyed peas by wearing midriff bearing tops and inserting "yo's" into the songs. If the first single is any indication of the rest of the album then we're in for a real treat. She has taken a very old and not very popular children's rhyme (very clever as she won't have to pay residuals as it is public domain) and repeats "london bridge" about 8,000 times. Well done Fergie! You've got crazy mad talent.
1,It is hard to understand the purpose of issuing this CD - perhaps both the singer and the conductor are obliged to regularly show their presence in the music world, with ensuing pecuniary reward.  However I wonder if they are satisfied with the issue.  Frankly, if I were them, I would pull the publishing out because it is a somewhat jaw-dropping caricature of how just about every piece should sound.  The list of singers who set the standard is just to long, perhaps worth mentioning Edita Gruberova,Yvonne Kenny (Die Entfuhrung, Mitridate), Natalie Dessay for the opening aria of Aspasia (Mitridate), and on and on...		The conducting is an equal torture - amazing that a conductor who did a decent job with baroque can fall such a hopeless victim to seemingly harmless Mozart.  In fact, he could have been much more successful if from each opera here he tried comical parts - by Osmin, Papageno, Leporello...well, maybe.  Did he do it on purpose, I wonder, or is this some type of trifle, not very funny, actually :)		To me, age and experience have nothing to do with innate musicality and sensitivity.  The titans like the composer here have been endowed with genius of music that makes one mature perhaps in babyhood or whenever they start showing what they have, and alas, age will not help neither the conductor nor the singer here; in the latter, it is plausible to expect only less as il Tempio will invariable take his due.		It was a rare occasion when I just could not finish listening to the full CD; I stopped after Martern aller Arten, what a torture of every kind!  Oh, it is certainly not a salon song...		This is a sobering reminder of how great the really great are, the only positive morale taken from this recording.  What a huge disappointment!  Boooooooooo!!!
1,Mainly bought this album for the fabulous duet she did with Carrie Underwood, but was a little disappointed in the quality of the other songs. There are a few good ones, but I wouldn't say this is an album I will listen to very often.
1,I guess when you cant write songs anymore, you cover classics and showtunes for 40something stay at home moms.  Who buys his 'songbook' collections, do you know anyone who owns one?		Rod Stewart as a solo artist once made vibrant, frantic music somewhere between disco and rock.  'Young Turks' 'Do ya think Im Sexy' are edgy classics, that evoke an age and emotion, once you get past the trappings of their era.		Rod did extend his career for a time by covering unknown songs of great merit 'Some guys' 'Downtown Train'.  But it is just sad when there is nothing left in the tank, and crooning to the oldies, however smoothly, passes for artistic accomplishment.
1,This is Gene Simmons, Paul Stanley, The Late Great Eric Carr & a hired gun, who is trying to fill Ace's shoes, using the Kiss name to make money.  Anyone who had the original poster booklet from the vinyl version of Kiss "Alive" taped up on their wall knows what I'm talking about.  This is a average hard rock record at best.	Any die-hard Kiss fan who has this album on their shelf, like me,  bought it to to keep their Kiss collection complete and that's it.	Virtually unlistenable if played after "Alive", "Destroyer" or any other 70's era Kiss album.
1,I saw Kasey Chambers play at SXSW in 2001 and couldn't help rooting for her.  She seemed so humble and truly in awe of being in the spotlight.  Her album, The Captain, was nice and catchy, but nothing monumental.  All in all, I thought a decent folk pop artist was about to hit the big time.  After being a fan of that album and Barricades and Brickwalls, I was excited for Carnival.  Unfortunately, it is a huge stinker.  It is hard to write a review because I have only listened to the album a couple of times - that is all that I can take.  The music is, as others said, very bland.  It sounds like mid nineties radio rock - third stage Lilith Fair schlock.  Chambers overdoes the "Betty Boop" voice on this one, too.  Light a Candle is a sad Fever imitation, not a sleak new direction.  I hope Kasey reverts back to her old ways on future albums or at least sounds good if she takes off in a new direction.  The only reason I am giving this album two stars is because I am still rooting for Kasey.  However, if you are thinking about buying this album, make sure to listen to it first!
1,I am an Elvis fanatic, but sometimes even people like me get fed up with the constant churning out of 'alternate takes' and 'below par' concert recordings. I buy it all, hoping that I get something different to add to my collection. Unfortunately, that is not the case here. I still enjoy hearing the king sing irrespective of what CD I play, but I have really heard all of this before. Pity, I thought that I would get something out of this one.
1,B2K is the worst group in the world and i have plenty of reasons not to make it seem im hating...		1. B2K has only 1 singer (Omarion): he may be the best singer in the group but i don't think the other members have bad voices.		2. The songs are cheesy and corny: no wonder they have lil' babies running after them talkin about they want to be their baby-daddy which is totally wrong to begin with... The only song they get props from me is "what a girl wants" (which is on their second LP)...		3. The best member is the rapper (lil' fizz): is the straightest member in the group. He does not take his clothes off or flaunt his lil body around so he could get attention... for cryin out loud he cant even sing...		4. Broke up because of stupid situations that could be resolved: why did they break up>? OHHH i know why the other members did not sing... that is why OMarion has the contract and the others are hasbeens....		Well the LP is good if you are a mindless 12 year old that thinks that playground songs are true R&B and HIP HOP... I think B2K are going to get back together but we will forget about them because i will be talking about another sorry boy band that cannot sing.... not hating just tellin the truth...		choreohype
1,How is this conflation of Madonna (without the fun or naughtiness), the friggin Bee Gees, a lobotomized Kate Bush and pop robots Fleetwood Mac in any way "indie"? This sounds like rejects from an '80s soundtrack record to some hither to unknown John Huston movie with some production techniques stolen from Bat For Lashes and/or TuneYards. The crap that passed for radio friendly pop music was bad enough the first time around. I don't need Stacey Q or Debbie Gibson updated for the 2010's, nobody does. To add insult to injury this recording is brick walled and incredibly fatiguing if you're listening to it on a good pair of headphones. By fatiguing I mean distorted and unpleasant. Nothing but lightweight corporate sponsored pop music here folks, with brainless and trite lyrics to match, move along. I don't understand why people would want to make this kind of music, much less listen to it. Like i said, It was bad enough the first time around.
1,I cannot put into words how much I hate this band. I'm sorry, but they are just awful. Yea, my band could be really heavy too if I had like 9 people in it who are all drummers! This is so bad, I just can't understand why everyone likes them so much. It's ridiculous....but that doesn't compensate for the terribleness of this waste of a fine cd. Absolute garbage, stay away from it.
1,Absolutely acceptable musicianship all around: competent guitar, rhythmic bass, time-keeping drums, and above all, inoffensive songs that are very easy on the ear.		"Take it to the Limit" was playing in a restaurant whilst I was having dinner with my parents. Mom and Dad, who hate all things rock, weren't offended at all with this wonderfully benign offering. In fact, this material is so precisely innocuous that it finds its way into department stores and even strip malls.		In fact, one could use this album as the basis for a sort of bingo game: A few friends each get bingo cards with these and other Eagles tunes on them, arranged in differing orders, and when one of these songs plays on classic rock radio, the player(s) that hears it gets to cover the corresponding square. The first one to fill up a row (which would take about a day, tops) wins! What do they win? Why, the two-CD set, of course! Sorta relies on the honor system, but I think it still has promise.		Anyway, The Eagles had yet to release the pretty good "Hotel California," but this compilation has sold millions regardless.		(Tune to your local classic rock station...which tunes will it be?)
1,The best of this EP disc are the other tunes on the album, "Tougher Than The Rest," "Be True," and an acoustic version of "Born to Run." These are all tunes that will get a smile from Springsteen fans. None are extraordinary, but they're all good.		The title track is everything Springsteen haters detest about the Jersey Jesus anad then some. The song opens to a long 1:20 sermon delivered in the most self-righteous pompous tone of voice in which Springsteen salutes Amnesty International as if he is the enlightened one preaching down to the ignorant masses.		I for one wish Bruce Springsteen would shut the F!!! up about politics. He is a fanatic true believer of the hard core left wing dogma that permeates the entertainment industry but where he is a genius at writing incredible songs that give meaning and purpose to the heroes of everyday life, he is no genius on matters of history and politics just a blind adherent who follows the script.		The performance of "Chimes of Freedom" that would be a great song for Bruce and crew to perform isn't strong enough to go through the effort of using some fancy software and editing out his Amnesty International blah-blah-blah to make a nice custom disc.		If you are politically to the left of the Clinton's this disc is just for you, but if you're an old school Democrat, Middle-of-the-Road Moderate, or God forbid, Republican, you will find this disc highly offensive.
1,Claudio Abbado and the Vienna Philharmonic Orchesta. You'd think that combination would turn in an outstanding reading of a Bruckner symphony. They didn't. As the Penguin Guide said in the only edition that rated this CD, Abbado was clearly uninspired and the orchestra was on autopilot. Nothing about this CD suggests anything significant about Bruckner or his ambitious First Symphony. My advice is to look elsewhere for satisfaction. In single issue copies, Sieghart, Scrowaczewski and Tintner are all to be preferred. If you're willing to buy a set, the two best versions out there are included in the Karajan and Jochum DG sets.
1,Soooooooo....  I really like Spandau Ballet, I own almost every album they've released.  However they should have stayed retired.  Even though they re-orchestrated their greatest hits the whole project seems lifeless and pointless.  The original versions of the songs are so much better.  Gone are all the backing vocals and dissident cords which makes their sound unique.  It's almost like seeing a dear friend in their coffin with all that awful mortuary make up on... I just want to remember them when they were alive.		A much better buy would be their 3 CD anthology Reformation.
1,I created a station for myself in Pandora called 'solo classical piano.' No matter how many times i give a thumbs down to this album it keeps popping up. If, like me, you enjoy Liszt, Beethoven, Chopin, Mozart, Haydn, Satie, Debussy and others, I can't imagine  you'll like this. Compared to the composers I mentioned this has the feel/mood of a made for TV movie soundtrack. the playing is without the dynamics, sensitivity and subtlety required to perform the music of the aforementioned masters. This is something that your aunt or your grandmother who kind of sort of likes classical music will enjoy.
1,I got this Sarah Brightman concert on video after the 1997 one. Having seen it, I only want to say that there are certain points that get kind of annoying, like "Anytime, Anywhere," on which the Latin rhythm track overtakes the poor girl's voice. Also, on "Nella Fantasia," she tells everyone the trouble she went through just to get it recorded, but I won't get into that. Jeepers, Sarah! You don't have to tell the whole story on how you got to get the song recorded!	And that sexy bella-donna dancing she did during the title track. A "classical" girl isn't supposed to go around dancing and dressing sexy. And "Nessun Dorma," which doesn't sound like she's singing it live. At least the orchestra doesn't drown her out there. Look, I know Sarah is a versatile girl, but WHY does she have to wear that microphone thingy on her head and dance across the stage? It all reminds me of the Backstreet Boys and 'N Sync concerts I've seen in which they do nothing but sing and parade across the stage just to put on a "show." You don't see Phil Collins doing that, he plays instruments during HIS concerts. So do Billy Joel and other "real" artists. Even Andrea Bocelli standsstill during HIS concerts, and at least HE puts on a show. Sorry for raining on your parade, I've spent SO much money on Sarah's stuff, it's unreal. I WISH Bocelli would get more tour dates for the 2001 Spring Tour than the very few he has. :(
1,Not his best work but I am a fan so I support the Bun!
1,...this is simply unacceptable.  Re-recording the rhythm section of 2 classic recordings?  To me, that's akin to digitally inserting a new actor in place of the original actor in an old film.  Oh, wait, that's been done...  If you have any respect for the artists that create an original work, please don't buy this; the 1995 remaster with the blue cover is easy to find and sounds fantastic.  And frankly, I've lost respect for Robert Trujillo and Mike Bordin (two great rock musicians) for agreeing to do this.
1,This album is very very dissapointing.  The title track is the only one worth even listening to the rest is just filler and very unistering.  The albums even sounds forced with very little inspiration.  Boring, bad album over all.  IS this is the best they can do im glad they are calling it quits.
1,I heard of Saigon a few years ago on mixtapes and thought he was hot. As a matter of fact, most of his mixtape joints are blazin. HOWEVER...I'm extremely disappointed with this release. It sounds like he changed his whole style to fit the "industry" criteria.  The rhymes are corny. The beats are repetetive. Even the album cover is corny. There's one or two tracks worth listening to, nothing blazing.  Saigon doesnt sound like he cares. There's no feeling in this album. Dont recommend you buy it. Download it.
1,Well this mix of punk/rock/pop/ sounds familiar. I would group yellowcard with Simple Plan, Good Charlotte, and new found glory in a category of whining punk music.		Sure, you'll probably like this CD at first. The band while not talented, has catchy tunes. You'll like to sing along for awhile. Then you will realize this innocent album is nothing special and not a CD you need to buy.		I can say I like Only One for its lyrics, and life of a salesman since it tributes the singer's dad.		2.5/5 stars
1,METALLIC SPHERES is a collaboration between David Gilmour, guitarist for Pink Floyd and one of the most distinctive performers on that instrument, and The Orb, the pseudonym of ambient electronic guru Alex Paterson and whoever he's collaborating with. Considering the enormous stature of these musicians, it should have a lot better than it turned out.		This album is a 49-minute ambient soundscape of beats and electric guitar, split into two tracks "Metallic Side" and "Sphere Side". Shortly before the making of this album, Gilmour had covered the Graham Nash song "Chicago" with the producer Youth, a longtime Orb collaborator. Gilmour's vocals from that tune are sampled here, though difficult to make out, with only "If you believe in justice, if you believe in freedom" rising to the top of the mix. The problem is that *everything* that Gilmour plays sounds like it was taken from somewhere else (like studio outtakes from his&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/On-an-Island/dp/B000EGD04S/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">On an Island</a>&nbsp;album or old Pink Floyd material) instead of expressly created in collaboration with The Orb.		Nor are The Orb's beats especially fresh. On this album especially Paterson is looking back to his earliest recordings, and while that's not bad per se, it's not longer the early 1990s, electronic fans need more. At the same time I was listening to this album with the aim of writing a review, I was also listening heavily to BT's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/This-Binary-Universe/dp/B000G8OZ16/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">This Binary Universe</a>, ambient electronic music in a similar vein to The Orb, but rich, able to assimilate many more genres and moods within a consistent ambient journey, and exploiting 5.1 surround sound.		If you put on METALLIC SPHERES, it's pleasant enough that you can keep it going until the end. However, overall this is a flaccid effort, and I personally find it to have no staying power four years now after its release: I forgot about it entirely and wouldn't have even remembered about it to write a review had it not come up again one day in my music player's random playlist.
1,i hate when people say that they like someones cover of a song better then the orriginal song, and that there better. they cant be better, the person who wrote it is obvoiusly better at it. Nirvanas smells like teen spirit has angst, passion, and is haunting. sorry people but tory amos didn't get any of this. she got popular from doing a nirvana song, how stupid is that? do your own songs unless your doing a different one for fun.
1,I love Floyd Cramer but some of these songs are live recordings. No where in the description at the time I ordered said anything about this. I do not want to hear clapping all during the song. I hated it. Amazon was nice enough to issue a refund.
1,The cover seems to be in the same series as "Fragile" and "YesSongs".  Unfortunately, the music fails to evoke any positive comparison with those albums. No excitement, no rock'n'roll, no shredding.  Just easy listening with a bit of jazzy noodling.  After sleepwalking through the first three tracks, the band at least tries to be interesting for a couple of songs, then finishes up with three tracks that would have served nicely as slow songs on an actual Yes album.  While "Heaven & Earth" is neither as screechy nor as geriatric as "Open Your Eyes", one can only hope that this lineup's next effort will be as much of a quantum leap as "The Ladder" was.
1,Leslie's Feists' new album is definitely one where the rave reviews are `flavor of the season'. If you are a Feist fan intent on only hearing glowing reviews of this album please move on. There is no other way an album so bland (yet routinely pretty) can pass through reviewers' hands with so little criticism.		I found the same thing happen with Joanna Newsom last year when released her sophomore album "Ys". Now that was a pretty album too, all harps and plink-plonk and sweet warbling over swooning instrumentation - but it wasn't a genre-breaking CD as most reviewers claimed it to be. Similarly, "The Reminder" is an album that seems to be on everyones' wishlist, but will be easily forgotten by the end of the year.		I'm not saying that the music is terrible. However, this year seems to be the year for disappointments. Feists' last CD "Let it Die" was a mini-revelation of sorts - it was one of those woodsy indie albums that are available a dime a dozen at the thrift store but somehow it got recognized, and that itself was a feat for Feist. Her music was Jewel-lite on that CD, with some really beautiful melodies (albeit forgettable choruses). Not that I complained. I don't play that album a lot anymore, but in its' day it was worth the money I spent on it.		The best thing about "The Reminder" is its' cover art. Its just so - striking. Moving past that, the music is definitely averagely good, but it is not a `masterpiece' or `classic' or any of those terms I see thrown around here by Feist fans. I really liked "Sealion" (which has an unusual history all its' own) and yes, lead song `1 2 3 4' is definitely one of those singalong ditties, but the rest of the album sort of meshes into one another. Not to say that Feist is a bad singer. If anything, she is tuneful and quite unique in her own way. But it is just not enough. She is bland, at the end of it, and she does not have enough personality to headline a record of her own, most certainly not this one.		What I am tired of is producers letting singer-songwriters like these putting their ill-advised songwriting experiments to record. Leslie Feist had a good run with her first album, but I think the bid budget and big label are the only things getting "The Remider" its' attention. Just listen to "Honey Honey". Then listen to any Sarah McLachlan record and tell me why exactly Feist is being considered `special'? It makes no sense.		Granted, there is a market for these pixie-like female voices strumming over fiddles and harps and what-not, but I think the robust praise for "The Reminder" is definitely misplaced. If you aren't sure about this album but still want to get it based on the positive reviews, then read this - Think of a sweet yet limp female voice, singing alongside some quaint instruments, with some electronica thrown in every now and then. There aren't any memorable choruses, and most of the subject matter seems unimportant at best, but the singer soldiers on. By Track 5 you are weary. However, you are unable to hate the singer, you just feel that its all a bit too insipid and tame, at the end of the day.		There are at least a hundred better female folk singer-songwriter albums out there that are better than this one. Do yourself a favor and check out "True North" by Fisher, "Salt Rain" by Susheela Raman, "Calling" by Noa, and "Speak for Yourself" by Imogen Heap, instead.		Two Stars. Massively overrated and extremely disappointing, in that context.
1,Case was cracked.
1,Not only did they not put the original "Cow Town" on this cd (Hello, note the title - the COMPLETE US COUNTRY HITS!!), there is more than one song that is not original PLUS there is a horrible glitch on the beginning of "How Do You Talk To A Baby".  WTF!  This is just NOT professionally done at all.  Ask for a refund, and you should get one.
1,If im being honest i haven't heard a decent song on mfzb yet. I think going from unique to linkin park is possibly the worst thing a band could ever do. I mean is anyone honestly trying to compare this to songs like someday or fly daze? there are no good lyrics on this album there is no good music. Yes its heavy but so what? So many bands have done it better than this and im not blaming Zebrahead for that because this is not their musical strength.		Just to give a bit of balance to the review my fav bands are foo fighters, third eye blind, goo goo dolls etc. this album is therefore not aimed at zebrahead fans like me who prefer good lyrics to shouting. For the record i bought this CD listened to it once through and swapped it for the new beastie boys one the next day. For the love of crummy cake get the beastie boys album instead or better still Waste of Mind or Playmate of the Year, both great albums
1,This dvd was disapounting its only a reppeat of her other concert differnt packaging same stuff they should have had taken from her greatest hits
1,Egglplant was right when he wrote his review, society does have a long way to go. Why is this even close to 3 stars? Why is Britney, after near a decade of making everyone look like an idiot continue to do so?		Well, if you haven't known already, these might be some reasons...		SHE DOESN'T KNOW YOU EXIST	SHE IS 99% HEARTLESS TO ANYONE SHE MEETS THAT DOESN'T PLEASE HER	SHE NEEDS THE MONEY, ESPECIALLY SINCE SHE NOW HAS A KID	ALL THE CASH SHE GOT FROM YOU GUYS BACK WHEN MOST OF YOU WERE BUYING HER JUNK WAS ALL WASHED DOWN THE DRAIN WHEN SHE SPENT IT ON EVERYTHING ELSE RELATED TO HER MUSIC LOOKS THAT APPARENTLY ARE STARTING TO TAKE EFFECT		look just forget this garbage was even created and showed its ugly rear right in your face. move on because this will die in less than a year. hell, no one talks about it anymore now, and i have seen more reruns of king of the hill still coming on than anything pertaining to or that is this.
1,The vocalist is killer. The riffs are outstanding. The songs are very cool. The guitar solos need work...lots of work.
1,If you want the perfect example of a CD that is a prime candidate of one that is only worthy of downloading and not buying for the sake of a few good tracks, this is it.  Default's debut CD, "The Fallout" is a 32 minute disc that starts off strongly, but becomes trapped in its tired, trite, and generic alt-rock formula.  It takes more than saying the name of the song four times in a row to make a memorable chorus (which occurs in close to all of the tracks), and for a disc of this short of length, it's not a good sign that it feels twice as long.  If you enjoy bands like Nickelback and Three Doors Down, you might get something out of this release, but for me, I can't really put a high mark on a blatant showing of mediocrity and minimal effort. Maybe next time guys, and don't blow your wad on the first three tracks.
1,5 Stars for the great music on here, but have to take 3 of them back, as Aerosmith now has more greatest hits packages than Lionel Richie. What is really bad here, is  that this is supposed to be a ballads album, but "Rag Doll?" Please. It's a fast song, just like Janie's Got A Gun. This is more of an attempt at Stand Up Comedy than anything else. I have given up hope of a new Aerosmith album. I like the ballads, and I like their "Sellout" 1990's period, but I would like an Aerosmith album that rocked like the 1970's. I just don't think they have it left in them.
1,Let me preface this by saying I am a big Neil Young fan. However, I really haven't been moved by Neil for the last 7 or so albums. In regards to this collection the production was pathetic the songs predictable and stale. There is one gem in my opinion and that is a retake of a song from his Buffalo Springfield Days "Flying on the Ground is Wrong" I wish Neil would take a year or two off and come up with another masterpiece like "Everybody Knows this is Nowhere" or his first solo album instead of putting out this at best mediocre trite.
1,I'm a big Van fan, so I love the early takes and the remastering mostly sounds wonderful, except for track 1, "And It Stoned Me." There's more than a little distortion on the Blu-ray and CD versions of the tune. The distortion isn't on the old CD version, Warner's mastering engineers screwed up.
1,I admit I enjoyed their first single, and the theatrics of their performances and videos as well.  I had high hopes for this CD, but it's the equivalent of chewing sugar cubes.  Sugar sounds nice, but when you've got nothing but sugar in your mouth, and it just sends up all gritty and syrupy in your mouth....it's not all that great.		They have a fun sound and for that I will give them credit, but they have a major lack of musical creativity.  Half regurgitated Fall Out Boy emo sound, and half regurgitated 80's pop is not really a good combo.  Both are fun, and have appeal, but at the same time too much of it is just a tad annoying.		Panic! is ultimately just another trend, or a rip-off of a trend actually, but very little mainstream music isn't.  If they had the musical talent to back it up I'd compare these guys to a David Lee Roth era Van Halen because of their energy and theatric's.  But since they lack in the musical execution they're little more than David Lee Roth...post Van Halen, minus the spandex.
1,I really like Pink Floydm but DO NOT BUY THIS CD. They trim down and butcher songs like MAROONED and ECHOES, and what's the point of Calling it "Echoes" if they cut out 7 minutes of the greatest song of all time? DO NOT BUY
1,...makes Gaucho unbearable.  Both Aja and Gaucho have excellent studio production and should be studied by audio engineers (I know I test out stereos using Steely Dan albums).  But the perfectionism that makes Aja so vibrant makes Gaucho seem lifeless by comparison.  There are exceptions, I found Time Out of Mind and Hey Nineteen to be as good as anything on Aja.  But ultimately they are just that, exceptions to the normally bland material.  The only reason I bought this album was to complete my Steely Dan collection; and the only other reason to buy it, Hey Nineteen, is on Classic Rock radio enough that you don't have to spend the money to buy the rest of the album.
1,I love the song Perfect Drug, so naturally I bought it's EP.  That's where I ran into problem #1, the original Perfect Drug is not on the album.  Sure the remixes are intresting to say the least but each one sans Trent's version get boring really quickly as they just seem to float in limbo for 7 minutes.	Casual NIN fans need not apply, but for a halo collector like me...well it doesn't really matter whats on the actuall disc.
1,Look at Britney's second album, the Oops one. It has a number of musical and lyrical powerhouses, including "Stronger" and "Lucky," and very few "OMG these are such slutty lyrics" songs.	Then look at her third, self-titled album. I'm still in awe that songs as good as "Overprotected" and as bad as the Stupid Slave Song could even come from the same artist, much less the very same album. It's kind of like how I still can't believe that a song as good as "We're in This Together Now" and one as bad as "Closer" can both come from the same artist (NIN).	Now look at her fourth album, this one. I don't think there's one good song on it, and the two videos that have come out of it have both been exceptionally slutty (although Toxic was only slutty in a funny, grope-him-so-he-won't-notice-you-swiping-his-wallet kind of way). I want to hear about your personal issues, not how you get yourself off.	And for those of you who keep complaining about her voice, I have two words for you: Stevie Nicks.
1,I take back exactly what I said, Metallica is not a good band at all.  They are just a stupid thrash band that decides to play the same riffs over and over and Kirk Hammett just does fingertapping on his solos(it took me two seconds to learn how to fingertap!).  This album [stinks], James Hetfield [stinks], Jason Newsted [stinks], Kirk Hammett [stinks], and of course Lars Ulrich [stinks].  Why are you guys still around!? If you want rocking music stick to Pearl Jam, Soundgarden, and Blind Melon.
1,This album is a joyous, spastic strut down a popular beach from 1950-2000.  At least thats the best I can figure it.  This "dance" album is impossible to stick into any genre; it pretty much floats wherever the samples take them.  Which comes to the strength of the album- what these 6 boys from down under can do with a mixer is incredible.  The amount of samples is a work to be marveled at, and for the most part they mix them with good humor flawlessly into one another.	And with that, we come to my biggest complaint about the album.  They mix it up WAY to fast.  All the tracks are basically chopped pieces of one continuous mix, but consider that each 3 minute track has several disjointed pieces to it...well it starts to sound very schizophrenic.  The album really "flows," but you never are allowed to get into a groove.  Worse, the samples chosen are a mixed bag.  Sometimes they seem to wink at the listener; you can't help but smile.  (The opening track just WELCOMES you into the party, and Stay Another Season is a delightful oddity, complete with horse whinny.)  But too often they sound garish or campy (case in point: the opening to Two Hearts in 3/4 Time is embarrassingly absurd, and the high pitch whine of a girl that comes in at Close to You lasts for THREE TRACKS!)	All in all, it gets marks for inventiveness and pure skill, but when it comes to the songs Since I Left You leaves a lot to be desired.
1,Growing up, I was exposed to a good deal of Gordon Lightfoot from my parents. No Lightfoot album got played more than this. It might explain why I dislike Lightfoot today. His folksy ramblings and easy-to-mock voice are slight annoyances. If you combine them with a horrid must-be-the-'80s adult contemporary sound, you got something bad: this album. While some tunes are passable, like "Tag Along", others sound dated as all out. Most offensive are "Stay Loose", "You Just Gotta Be", "Ecstasy Made Easy". The WORST tune on here has got to be "Anything For Love", with the worst elements of a/c: faceless synths, back-ups, and the rest. It was co-written with David Foster, which would explain the track's similarities to his icky Love Theme from St. Elmo's Fire. If Lightfoot had a worst album ever, it would be this one.
1,Actually, this 'Best of Shaquille Oneal' album is one hour of silence.  He did not have any hits.  Ever.
1,Survival was Grand Funk's fourth studio album & was the first misstep of their young career. Survival peaked at #6 on the charts & had two singles from it that charted: "Feelin' Alright" at #54 & "Gimme Shelter" at #61.		Grand Funk at this junction of their career was striving to be more mature in their music. Though they spoke for my generation, we dearly loved this band, maturity wasn't what they were about. They were raw & powerful, not always in synch, but always speaking for us. Farner was never the greatest lyricist though he meant well, he did vocalize our point of view. But, with Survival, Grand Funk, with its new found maturity, didn't say much of anything on this album that was bothering my generation. Most of the songs that Farner & Brewer wrote on this album were about introspection. Though they had covered other artists songs before, on Survival the best songs were the two they covered.		The album opens with "Country Road" which is an unusual song for the group. The lyrics do cover some of the ground that my generation had feelings about but not on the level of previous efforts. The instrumental section has Farner playing some very good leads, some double-tracked, & Schacter playing some grand bass riffs. "All You've Got Is Money" exposes the weaknesses of Farner's lyrics. These first two songs are not straight ahead rock with pounding rhythms but have an off-beat feel. The instrumental section of the latter song is a complete change in musical direction that has a the feel of an evil presence. Farner gives a commanding performance on lead guitar; though he won't ever be mentioned with rock's greatest lead players, he doesn't get the accolades he justly deserves. The screaming voices in the instrumental section only add to the frightfulness of this recording. "Comfort Me" is the weakest song on the original album. The chorus only somewhat saves the song. The middle section has more drive & is much more Grand Funk-like, there's just not enough of it though it's repeated near the end of the song. "Feelin' Alright" is the first of two cover songs & it's one of the best on the album. Written & performed originally by Dave Mason (Traffic), Grand Funk does an excellent version of the song. Like many of the songs on Survival Farner recorded another vocal track doing harmony to his lead vocal. "I Want Freedom" is next; the intro to it shouldn't have been included. This goes on for well over minute & is nothing more than a padding. This type of stuff is okay in bonus tracks but should've never been offered as part of the song, proper. The song itself isn't bad but, once again, Farner's weakness in lyrics is exposed. His sympathies are fine; a certain bluntness in making statements about political or social events is acceptable but when Farner attempts to achieve more maturity in his lyrics he doesn't come off very well. "I Can Feel Him in the Morning" has a religious theme that features lyrics from the drummer Don Brewer; he also does the lead vocal on the song, though not the vocalist of Farner's caliber, he nonetheless gives one of his best vocal performances of his career. The intro that features the children expressing their views good & evil is very appropriate for the song. The female vocalist in the background is a harbinger for the next song, "Gimme Shelter". "Gimme Shelter" (M. Jagger/K. Richards) was originally recorded by the Rolling Stones. Grand Funk's version is very good but doesn't possess the menacing tone The Rolling Stones gave it. Brewer does the lead vocal, he's not Mick Jagger, & his vocal limitations are not truly suited for the song.		The remaining tracks are bonus tracks, some are interesting. The first, "I Can't Get Along With Society", isn't a bad song; it's as good as some of the songs that were included on the original album but the lyrics are weak. "Jam (Footstompin' Music)" is an early incarnation of the song that opened their next album, E Pluribus Funk. "Country Road" is an unedited version of the song that opens the album. Likewise "All You've Got IS Money" sans the screams. "Feelin' Alright" is an unedited version also.		The Grand Funk Remasters are among the best in music, the signal is 'hot' & they have more volume than most.
1,Just cause your dad is a famous rock star, does not always mean you will be too. Lisa Marie should have called Sean Lennon or Thicke, so she could have saved herself the embarassment. I saw her video with the leather jacket & swinging hips. One would think she would try & strike out on her own & not rip off the old man, but she is not even clever enough to do that. Then again she was married to Michael Jackson and is a Scientologist, so the girl is not playing with a full deck.
1,Did not enjoy this.  Different strokes, etc.	Hope Norah got this out of her system.
1,Africa really is a fantastic song from start to finnish and I had hoped many of the remainder would be of a high standard.	The only others I knew are Hold The Line and Rosanna, these are good as far as they go, however most of the rest are not distinctive enough to take my full interest.	Having said that Out Of Love and I Won't Hold You Back are ballards in the 1980s Chicago mould, so no complaints there.	Overall not the best 1980s rock to be found, I prefer Boston, Joe English Band, Dire Straits, Kansas and Asia.
1,Do not buy this thinking these are the original hit records.  They pale in comparison.  The only song on here as good or better than the original is "I Love You 1,000 Ways".
1,Not what I was hoping for. As a fan of ALL of the Wu-Tang Clan I am sad to say I was disappointed with this release.
1,Not crazy about this version. I had an old cassette that I purchased from the play in Downtown Cleveland many years ago that was 95% better than this London cast. Very disappointed.
1,If you want to hear a Schon-Fest, buy this. If you aren't interested in hearing Schon blaring his guitar over everything, endlessly, magnifying his own prowess, skip it! It is truly a tribute to himself, quite self-indulgent.
1,Sting is a very talented performer who has made few missteps in a long and successful career.  This is a project he never should have taken on.  Everything sounds similar on this disc and none of it is of particular interest.  It isn't particularly awful, but it is particularly tedious.  For a really outstanding take on modern performers tackling music from this period, check out anything by the Mediaeval Baebes.
1,A typical Boygroup-album. Songs about broken hearts and missing somebody and Bubblegum-Pop. But there are at least a few songs that are not that bad ("Everybody", "Like a child", "If I don't have you" and "As long as you love me"). I mean that melody is not that bad so that the songs aren't boring but the lyrics are just stupid.	So if you like the five cuuute guys you'll love this album. If not: Stay away and don't touch it. This is just kitschy.
1,Somewhere along the line, somebody in the Lacuna camp (management, record company, themselves??) convinced the band to A.) veer away from the unique Gothic qualities of their earlier albums, and B.), and even more egregious, rely more on the male vocals and less on Christina Scabbia. What that adds up to is much less this time around. This album is generic, and with less of Christina's unique and beautiful voice, much more annoying. In fact, she is now relegated to background vocals much of the time, which is a total shame, since no matter what their new high-priced producer does, Andrea Ferro simply cannot sing. And most of the songs here are just pop-metal retreads, instead of the memorable and atmospheric songs found on Comalies and Unleashed Memories. I hate to say it, but the last Evanescence album was better than this, and more true to their roots. For a band as pioneering as Lacuna once was, this album is simply forgettable after a dozen listens.
1,While I love Stevie Nicks, this compilation irritates me. First off, I don't understand why they wasted space with  the live tracks. Although they are nice, they just don't fir for me on a greates hits. Thye take up too much room where a couple of her real hits (After the Glitter Fades, Nightbird, Maybe Love Will Change Your Mind all charted on Billboard's Hot 100) could fit. And since they chose to include Silver Springs from Flettwood Mac, where are her other Mac hits-Sara, Gypsy, Seven Wonders etc-it's just a lopsided compilation. Also, for soemone who stepped out on her own from Fleetwood Mac because she wrote so many songs she needed another outlet to get  her music out there, why no new songs? Why not go back and record something from the vaults (which she has done alot of in the past Trouble in Shangri-La from 2001 includes many older songs recorded for the cd) and record something? Seems Stevie no longer has  a burning desire to record, just tour...with anyone who asks.		Lastly, for someone who looks as good as Stevie does at 58, it's sad that they chose to use photos for the front and back cover from almost 30 years ago.		The dvd version is nice to have for the videos and Stevie's commentaries, but the cd version just doesn't cut it as a best of./greatest hits.
1,Taylor Swift has released another "country" cd (masquerading as a tween pop marketing ploy).  Again, we get a batch of formulaic songs that sound all the same, simple, sing-song lyrics, and the same Taylor overproduced/slick vocals.  Carrie Underwood, Jessica Harp, and even Diana Degarmo's Nashvillle acoustic ep blow this away.  Yes, she can flip her fair, pretend to sing, and strum the same one note during 3 minutes song (can she really play that guitar that the industry has bestowed so many awards?).  I don't think so... I bought all 3 of Taylor's cds and they are a guilty pleasure, but when compared to Carrie's vocals, energy, songwriting skills, and humility - Taylor just pales in comparison.
1,Some artist make music to satisfy themself or maybe to socialize with there so call friends. This album is absord musically and conceptually and makes me angry. Let me explain,Dionne Warwick made a cd exclusively in Japan called "Dionne Warwick Sings Dionne 2".This cd demonstrated unequivocally that she was and is one of the finest fimale vocalist ever...an absolute masterpiece in production. This cd is now unavailable and collectors are grabbing it up on Ebay for $100.00 plus. As a life long fan and a collector i will pay more than $100.00 for this cd "Dionne Sings Dionne 2".Here is my problem,her finest work becomes impossible to find and here she is making music that is worthless and insulting to her serious life long fans like me. For this reason and others too numerous to mention,i will abstain from this atroscity.
1,AVOID THIS!  The source material for this DVD was clearly VHS tape, as the audio and video quality is beyond substandard.  It's awful enough to release a set this skimpy when Hall & Oates have a vast video catalog to draw from.  It's downright criminal when the 7 videos shown look and sound as bad as they do.  Hopefully, RCA (which owns the masters) will see to it to release a comprehensive Best Of career set of H&O, the best-selling duo in rock history.  I own 400+ DVDs and have never seen anything this bad.  Laserlight, you're light years behind the technological curve.
1,I don't get it.  These guys are not THAT good!  Other than the song "Clocks", I have a difficult time finding anything on this CD that is memorable.  I do have to hand it to the band - they did keep this album simple and it is not the same over-processed garbage that the music industry is putting out, but this band is not "there" yet.  But this album does not compare to anything Pink Floyd has done.
1,It's too bad such a worthy cause - Amnesty International - got saddled with such a lame charity album. Track after track of slack, bloodless, clumsy versions of classic Dylan tunes, recorded by contemporary artists who almost uniformly prove to have tin ears. This 4-CD set is far, far below the "hit ratio" of this kind of tribute album... Normally they seem to be about 50% listenable-to-cool, this mammoth box set dips down below 15%.		I don't think the issue is "only Bob Dylan should do Bob Dylan songs," as many people have posted: other artists have been covering Dylan for decades, and I think the Byrds, et al have proved the durability of his work. The problem here is that these are just terrible versions of great songs. I suspect the scale of the project - fours discs worth of material - had something to do with it... It's okay if a couple of artists just phone it in on one of these tributes, but it sounds like most of the big-name artists did that here, while others went in the opposite direction and over-emoted on their cuts. It's just not a very enjoyable record.		I liked what one person said: if you support the humanitarian work that Amnesty does, just give them a donation. If this record helps out, great, but I personally don't need to sacrifice any shelf space for this music. (Axton the curmudgeon)
1,This soldier never should have taken leave of duty
1,I didn't care for this Kelly Clarkson CD it was to different.
1,Sometimes it's hard to capture a band's true potential in the often-sterile environment of a recording studio.  New York City's Television is a band who's managed to achieve both dynamite and dynamic studio albums as well as live shows.  However, the band has limited recorded output, which makes it difficult to pinpoint specific examples unless you're talking to someone who's also seen the band perform live.  Fortunately, in 1982, ROIR released this double-album, "The Blow-Up," to help showcase Television's raw potential.		A lot works in this album's favor, most notably the pure talent of guitarists Tom Verlaine and Richard Lloyd.  Their guitar work is art, pure and simple, and they push the boundaries of rhythm and lead guitar well beyond the breaking point.  Unfortunately, what works the most against the band is the venue itself:  CBGB's.  Though one of the happenin'est places to see some of the hippest bands, the acoustics of the rather small club caused the music, more often than not, to suffer.  Sides 1 and 2 sound like you're listening to Television with your fingers so far in your ears that you're inches from scratching your brain.  The guitar overpowers and almost drowns out the vocals, rendering Tom's singing either inaudible or indecipherable.  Don't get me wrong, the songs are good--really good--but the listening experience is...unbalanced at best.		Sides 1 and 2 are the "throwaway" sides and feature the shorter songs of this particular collection.  The stand-out tracks are "Prove It," "I Don't Care," and "Ain't That Nothin'."  However, sides 3 and 4 are what make this album so worthwhile.  The 15-plus minute renditions of "Little Johnny Jewel" and "Marquee Moon" will blow your mind.  "Friction" and the band's cover of "Satisfaction" are just icing on this particular slice of the cake.  And to make things even better, the sound quality issues on sides 1 and 2 aren't nearly as prevalent on sides 3 and 4.  Bonus!		Whether or not you're a fan of Television, you owe it to yourself to own this album.  Yes, the sound quality is lacking for the better part of this album.  It does, in my opinion, hang something of a dark cloud over these songs as a whole, but Television's guitar work shines through regardless.  Let Tom and Richard weave their guitars and take you back to 1978, just be sure to enjoy the ride.		However, with all that said, do yourself a favor and get either the CD or digital version of this album.  I ordered my copy directly from the record label--ROIR--and it skips and jumps as if that's what records are meant to do.  Roughly the first half of side 1 skips around, most of side 2 doesn't skip at all, but sides 3 and 4 are practically unlistenable because it jumps around so much.  The music is high quality, there are just too many flaws in the physical package.  A shame, really.
1,A girl I momentarily had some affection for recommended I purchase this album.  She was especially fond of the song "Absolutely (Story of a Girl)".	Suffice to say that both of us had poor taste. (But, in the morning, I can throw the CD away...)
1,As I do love his debut album so much I was hoping to like this one but I cannot get into it, not even at $5. It has this sound that his first one didn't have. Every song sounds the same to me and none of them stand out to where I wanna listen to it over and over again, not even adorn. *shrugs*
1,Imagine a bad rapper with an English accent that uses played out phrases no one would ever use anymore and doesn't curse. Please save your money...(the new meek mill cd is great).
1,what up again believe ME people this album is the worst album i've heard this album is only good because of so fresh and so clean,miss jackson and B.O.B. thats it DON'T buy this its a waist believe me i have about 100 rap cds from 2pac to LL Cool J and my worst is this CD .....
1,It saddens me to hear this album. I really liked Edguy, I think they have made some of the best power metal albums to date. But this album is not even Metal, it's power rock. The boring drums are really just plain class 1 rock drums. The guitars have lost all the punch, and they sound nothing special. The only credit I can give to the album are the catchy melodies on the chorus. There are barely any guitar solos and the voice of Tobias has lost all its strength. WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED TO YOU GUYS!????!?!		I think this album may possibly destroy their career. Join bands like Stratovarius and Helloween. Making albums just for the sake of making them.		WHERE DID ALL THE PASSION GO?
1,This cd is complete garbage.  Tony Yayo might be the worst rapper of all time.  He is bad, for any rap group, and he's the worst member of a pretty mediocre rap group, to boot, so he doesn't have any guest appearances that make the cd worthwhile.  I'm not going to go into each and every song, because its a waste, and talking about this horrible album is a waste of time.  All the songs are of the same quality, and anything I can say about one, I can say about all of them.  The lyrics are extremely weak and the production is mediocre.  The record is titled correctly, because the subject matter is about as limited as a felon is behind bars.  This cd is a joke, period.  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone, period, even a G-Unit fan.  I find it very telling that the only people who gave this 5 star ratings use very bad punctuation and grammar and can't say any more than something like "this cd is crack!" or elaborate on what's good about the cd.  2pac and biggie coming back from the dead to make a guest appearance couldn't have saved this cd.
1,I am a huge yes fan but this one is one of their weakest effort.		Hard to believe it has been done just a year after "Going for the One"		"One the silent wings of freedom" is a good track. The only other good tracks are "Onward" (the live version on Keys to ascension is better)		and "Future times-Rejoice"		"Don't kill the whale", "Madrigal", "Arriving UFO", and "Circus of heaven" are horrible.		A dark period in the band's history.
1,This band sucks.  My roommate will not stop playing this album.  All of the songs sound exactly the same, but have completely unnecessary and random bridges.  The canned techno in the middle of track two almost made me barf.  The lyrics make no sense at all.  Awful awful album.
1,I had heard of Machine Head in metal mags and stuff like that for a while, and then I heard "Ten Ton Hammer", from "The More Things Change..." on the "Power Rock" channel on Dish Network, and couldn't get enough of it. I also heard "From This Day" from this album. I loved that song and one day I walked into Radio Shack with some money and nowhere for it to go and found "The Burning Red" and bought it, with the thinking that it was Machine Head and therefore it must be good. Boy, was I wrong. Aside from "From This Day", and "The Blood, The Sweat, The Tears"(check out the "Hellalive" version of this song-it's awesome), this album is one of the most boring albums in history. A lot of people said that when Logan Mader left Machine Head, it ruined MH. They couldn't be more right. This album seems really thrown together, with not nearly enough thought put towards writing, song structure, or heaviness. If you want to get into Machine Head, get into "The More Things Change", and "Burn My Eyes", and steer clear of this album as well as "Supercharger", which is actually worse than this one. But fellow Machine Head fans, don't despair-Machine Head has recruited Phil Dummel as their new guitarist, which will hopefully inject some fire back into this band.
1,I'm only a Vangelis fan because of his groundbreaking music from the movie Bladerunner. I read a review that The City is an excellent purchase to follow that soundtrack. It isn't exactly a match to Bladerunner's quality and intensity. Its short, ok, and has some annoying moments.
1,The West Side Story songs are limited to four selections and the quartet does not delve deeply into any of them. I have almost all of the Brubeck albums recorded over Brubeck's career. The quartet usually stretches out with excellent  improvisations but not the case here. There are no liner notes and the members of the quartet are not even listed. The listing of the 9 tunes on the album are not even in correct sequence but quite helter-skelter.	This is an insult to the memory of the class act that was the Dave Brubeck Quartet.
1,Because one Lee Greenwood just isn't enough, apparently. This one comes with extra Xian proselytizing. Oh, boy!	Listening to him sing, one wonders: Why couldn't Lord Jesus just get him an Ex-lax?		Btw, ever notice that nobody cool ever wears a goatee anymore? 20 years ago, if you rocked a goatee it meant you were a rebellious hipster.	But somewhere around 1996/97, it all flipped. And ever since, it means the exact opposite. Lame-ass pudgy middle-aged accountants are wearing goatees to hide their double chins. And dull-as-dishwater CCM singers are wearing goatees to what, seem "hip" for the kids? Sorry, but it ain't working.
1,This is really bad. I mean on par with Pearl Jam's Riot Act. Well, no. Not even Riot Act is that bad and that album sucks holy bull balls! Though, maybe Thom Dorke and Eddie Mueller should team up for an album and call it "Crybabies in Arms" and donate the money to some stupid cause like PETA. Don't buy this record if you like eating meat. Buy Be Here Now by Oasis instead. Noel Gallagher will punch you in the face if you buy this awful record.
1,If you have enough money you can buy producers to correct your wretched voice and buy song writers to provide you with material. Paris is complete proof that if you have celebrity and money enough you can buy your way into pop stardom so long as you are a clueless, rich, reasonably attractive, oh so notorious party girl and heiress. The music isn't horrible, just soulless and vapid like almost all pop music made today. All the songs have something to do with Paris being "hot" or going after someone who's "hot" or her entering a party thusly making it "hot" as well. Yeesh. It's just that this waste of skin who has never contributed anything to the world except her narcissistic image and perhaps a few laughs at her expense has a successful album is incredibly annoying. Resources that should be given to people with actual talent, artists in other words, who have more than some childish dream to have an album are instead rerouted to this empty shell of a woman whose very presence on this earth and our collective consciousness typifies our love of shallow celebrity and surface over anything with substance. I can't blame the record company for backing her. They knew this bimbo would sell cds, but just look at her face, my god there is NOBODY home! Louis Armstrong the great jazz trumpeter once said there are two kinds of music in this world, good and bad. This doesn't even qualify as music, rather it is product, and wretched product at that. If you buy this album rather than steal it you should loose your right to vote and should perhaps be sterilized as well;-) Do something with your money that might actually bring some good into this world and pehaps reduce your own karmic debt as well. Give the money to charity, give it to the crazy homeless guy who lives in your park, give it to me. Paris doesn't need your money, she's worth 30+ million dollars. Dont' let her waste your time like she did mine in writing this stupid review. I feel dirty now.
1,"Clint Eastwood" is a good song, but take it from me: Don't listen to it too much or else you will hate it.  There are one or two other good songs, but they also get old.  This Cd isn't great.  The band is cool and "Clint Eastwood" is worth having on a mix, but I would advise not to buy this CD
1,THIS WASN'T THE BEST WORK I'VE SEEN FROM HEART I AM A BIG FAN OF HEART'S BUT I THING DREAM BOAD ANNY WAS MUST BETTER WORK THAN WHAT I FOUND ON THIS PIECE OF MUSIC ON THIS CD
1,Not sure how bands like this one make it with just one good song on their CDs, and bands like Motorplant with their release of "American Postcard" still are undiscovered
1,Ok where do i start with the very crappy album, well first off this group is not that good, I mean Axel Rose is the worst frontman of all time, hes just some raciest who can scream a lot. I do like some of the guitar work but you can bearlly hear it with Axel singing		Now about the lyrics of these songs. I mean these songs have nothing going for them. I mean just listen to Welcome to the Jungle. The only songs that have good lyrics are the songs that this band coverd (and falled to do a good job with)		Also this group comes from what is the worst decade of music i can remeber which is the 80's (there was some good music but not much).		So if you want to get a good cdi would recomend something by The Beatles or Radiohead or even The Clash but not this band
1,I remember as a young teen hearing about how bad this album was. I figured my tastes have matured and maybe I should give this album a try (now I am dating myself). I puchased this CD on account of the reviews I read on this website. I cannot begin to tell you how disappointed I was once I'd listened to it. I'm a huge fan of the Montrose debut(one of the best metal/hard rock albums ever recorded)& Sammy Hagar. It's amazing how a record company's influence can totally destroy artistic license. I simply refuse to believe that the same members that put together the debut could release such powerless drivel.		There is one occasion of inspiration noted on this album, the track entitled 'I Got The Fire', as good as it is it still pales in comparison to the worst track on the debut. This is truly for the hardcore fan of Hager/Montrose.
1,...The guitarist (einzinger?) claimed that when making this cd they were trying to avoid sounding like all other bands in the cluttered nu-metal scene. They sure did accomplish their goal. They were trying to make music that doesn't sound like something, and it's pretty obvious. Gone is the fresh sound from science and make yourself, replaced with a sound that i can explain as nothing more than forced. I had always thought that incubus were artists; I was apparently mistaken.
1,like him a lot and cd was ok and good price
1,Gotta say only about 4 songs we're worth to listening too and the production for the most part is atricious and horrendous. Expect more from trae his rap style sounded very bland and too many guest features one bright spot is the artist ink whose a talented hook musician. IF this is tha truth than homie you need to hang up the mic
1,Man, whoever wrote that this was the best hip-hop album of all time was trippin HARD...what were they listening to?  After the 3rd track, I was getting sick and tired of DMX yelling out "dog," "ruff  ruff," "yeah," and "uhh"; this isn't even close to  good music.  If you ask me, DMX's lyrics are weak (especially with his  obsession over the word 'dog'), and his beats are the usual Ruff Ryder  style...WACK.  I don't respect DMX at all and this album was almost as  disgraceful as all the CASH MONEY records.  Trust me, this album is getting  WAY TOO MUCH exposure, and it doesn't deserve it.
1,I should've listened to my instinct and moved on to another CD, but instead listened to my friend....This album did not do anything for me...Too bad it cost me $17 in 1998. I tried to trade it and they didn't want it....hmm.		I give it two stars, one for the effort with another label and another for the artwork.
1,This is a great audio disc.  Unfortunately the one I received (in 2013) was copy-protected and cannot be accessed in iTunes using Windows.  Because I prefer the ALAC format, buying mp3's is not an option.  Carrying a CD around with me is not an option, either, especially since one of the attractions of this CD for me was that the cuts would provide spectacular punctuations to my routine listening experience when they popped up in shuffle play.		There are workarounds to this, and I can work them, but it would have been nice if the copy-protection had been noted in the product description.
1,It's either that or cringe. I loved the Pogues and heard the great hype about these guys back in 94 or 95. The music industry lives on hype of course, pushing its mediocrities like Black 47 on the public. The melodies are clunky and hamfisted. The lyrics are horrible. I suspect the hip-hop community got a good laugh at their attempts to "rap". They do play with great energy. But the strangled whelpings and yelpings of Larry Kirwan sink this record. A bunch of posers without the soul and great songwriting of the Pogues. Great live performances do not necessarily mean great original music. Save your money.
1,I HATE THE BEATLES. THEY ARE AMONGST MY MUSIC GUIDE TOP 20 WORST BANDS EVER. THEY ONLY MADE A FEW DECENT SONGS IN HEY JUDE, LET IT BE, AND BALLAD OF JOHN AND YOKO. REST OF THEIR SONGS JUST STINK! EVEN A MARK KNOPFLER CD WITHOUT DIRE STRAITS IS BETTER THAN THIS! LIKE I SAID, ANYONE WHO LISTENS TO THE BEATLES OR ZEPPELIN DON'T KNOW WHAT GOOD MUSIC IS ABOUT, HUH!!! GOOD MUSIC IS REQUIRED DIRE STRAITS, GREEN DAY, FOREIGNER, GNR, METALLICA, AND NIRVANA. GET ANY ALBUM FROM THOSE BANDS INSTED.		THE BEATLES SUCK!!!!!
1,Thats right. This is another pirated cd from the Russian Federation. They've done ones for The Beatles, McCartney, Lennon and Harrison. Phil Collins and Atlantic Records have had nothing to do with this release and as a result the packaging is cheap cardboard material and the sound quality blows. AVOID and just get the official Hits compilation.
1,Well I do not know how many more times they can re-release the same material, but they have mamaged to do it again. Nothing new here. The concert is from the Mason Jar, Phoenix, AZ and has been readlily available and the other music is just basically louder. At this point I can only hope and wish for Milli Vanilli to remaster their CD. This has to be a record for the most times the same material has been released. Maybe there will be an anniversary edition or perhaps the ultimate edition? I say milk that cow.
1,Sorry to throw cold water on all of these 5-star reviews, but this set was entirely unnecessary, and symptomatic of EMI's laziness.  Flipping through the contents, virtually every selection here is from a previously issued-on-CD EMI opera - for the pre-1960 singers, there are surely recordings that are unavailable on CD, and would have been much more welcome.  It doesn't even appear that EMI bothered to search beyond their own catalogue - many, perhaps most of these singers recorded for multiple labels.		And how about a little real biographical information about the singers, instead of a few pages of John Steane's ramblings?		If EMI (now Warner) actually care about their historic legacy, they should reissue the complete contents of The Record of Singing, Volumes 1 & 2.  Volume 4 was issued on CD by EMI, and Volume 3 by Testament - but 1 & 2 have never received proper treatment in the CD era, unless one includes the "highlights" set (which I do not).
1,Ive been a fan of Ben Folds since the five and enjoyed all of the bands albums and his recent solo album (particular the more upbeat funky songs found on the first album). When I heard there was a new live album I was keen to hear it as i had missed his solo shows when he toured and was hoping for an album that captured the evergy of his usual shows, particularly when it was the five.	Well now ive got the album, given it a number of listens and am rather disappointed. This album just doesn't live up to expectations....... or possibilities. The songs are good but the album is definitely one for the real diehard fans. None of the versions on this album really bring anything new to the table and whilst I thought the fact that it is only Ben and a piano would be a good thing the lack of drum and bass on some songs really means they lack punch.	It is my opinion that if any artist decides to bring out a live album they should be made to listen to Ben Harpers "Live from Mars". That shows precisely how a live album should be made. Record every live song over a long period and only pick the best ones (Harper went though 2 years worth of live songs for his I believe). This could have been done exactly the same by Folds, split the cd into 2, half just a piano the other half with a backing band, and only the best versions included.	Unfortunately that wasn't done and we have a live album that I look at and think what could have been. There are some good songs, the crowd playing horns on "Army" being an amusing and catchy highlight but other parts are boring and lacklustre, the length of philosophy is an insult (7:16) with the final four minutes made up of a shocking solo which is sickening to listen too, ruining a good song with a fine ending on its original album.	All up: Sorry Ben, poor effort, one for the diehard fans - 2 stars.
1,that is not a good thing.  I really wanted to like Arch Enemy, I continue to listen to their stuff in hopes of finding something to draw me to them but alas their musicianship is just too polished for their own good.  Their female vocalist who is suposed to be great i did not find so.  Dani Filth is far superior (or at least he used to be a few years ago).  I consider MayheM's old singer to be about the best black metal vocalist ever (listen to I AM THE LABYRINTH).  Her vocals are just too processed-sounding.  If she actually sang up high in  more of a natural voice that would be much better.	The guitarists may have great skill but none of the songs strike me as particulary gripping (the way old Borknagar/In flames's material was.)  All of their songs tend to flow together into a sort of mush.  I still cant recall one particular song from the lot because none are distinct.  Same here with Susperia.  THey sound like a copy-cat band of many influences, all of which flow together into a mushy, generic blackish metal with no real originality or draw to the music.  Just skilled musicians with no really good ideas or inspiration unlike a certain LUCA TURILLI.  Kinda like much of Yngwie's stuff, although im still a big fan of his.  Basically, if you want something "refreshing" i suggest you seek out STORMLORD, who's drummer OWNZ boring ol' ARch Enemy's drummer at kicks.  Actually, if you think this is great stuff, im not sure you deserve to know about STorm Lord, true masters of fast melodic deth metal.  O well.
1,a poor cd from someone whos done The Velvet Rope. (...) Lets run thru the songs. NOTE: im not reviewing the boring intros and interludes and stuff cause they're rubbish and cheesy	1. Damita Jo - an opening song that doesnt shine at all. her voice is so soft and sickly sometimes. 2/5	2. Sexhibition - lk at the title and refer to my introduction. u get what i mean? 1/5	3. Strawberry Bounce - an ok song but only cause kanye west co-writes it. 3/5	4. My Baby ft. Kanye West - id give it 2 if it weren't for kanye west. 3/5	5. spending time with u - i luv this song i must admit! 5/5	6. island life - another boring song. 2/5	7. all nite (don't stop) - aight. 2/5	8. R & B Junkie - ok. nout special tho 2/5	9. i want u - 1st single in the US but 2nd in britain after justalittle while. quite gd actually. 3/5	10. like u don't luv me - a gd song, actually. 4/5	11. thinkin' bout my ex - i quite like it. 4/5	12. wartmth - entertaining? no! 1/5	13. moist - 2 long & 2 boring. 1/5	14. truly - cant even remember how it goes! 1/5	15. slolove - quite okish. 2.5/5	16. just a little while - a gd song. 4/5	this shows that their are 6 interludes. god almighty. and 22 songs is kinda an overkill, no?	top 5 worst songs:	5.island life	4.wartmth	3.moist	2.sexhibition	1.truly	top 5 best songs:	5.my baby	4.thinkin' bout my ex	3.just a little while	2.like u don't luv me	1. spending time with u
1,This is a strange disc. Decca has brought together the Gran Partita of Mozart and the Chamber Concerto of Berg because their instrumentation matches, even if their listening demographics generally don't. The disc might hold some attraction, because very rarely does one get to hear Pierre Boulez conduct Mozart. His extremely detailed approach is honest to the score, trimming away the excess that became attached to Mozart during Romantic era, but it also might reveal to listeners of a more modern persuasion just what dull note-spinning Mozart can be. Yes, the Ensemble Intercontemporain pulls off a flawless performance, but for a group consisting of hyper-virtuosos this Classical piece must seem like a walk in the park.		Berg's three-movement "Chamber Concerto" for violin, piano and 13 wind instruments was written between 1923 and 1925 and shows a mastery of the 12-tone method. The first movement begins with a brief little motto incorporating the names of his friends Arnold Schoenberg and Anton Webern, and then proceeds through a series of variations. For the most part, this sounds like an especially zany Mahler, and Berg's Viennese heritage is especially evident in the langsamer Walztempo. The second movement is an Adagio, much more tranquil than the first both in its slower tempo and its reduced scoring as the piano mainly sits out. The last movement is a round that subjects a succession of different melodies to the same rhythms.		The Berg Chamber Concerto is a seminal work of 20th century music, and in general it's great fun. However, Boulez has already recorded it twice before, with better pairings. A mid-price&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Sony-Classical-disc/dp/B000002C02/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sony Classical disc</a>&nbsp;reissues the Chamber Concerto with two other pieces by Berg, while a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Deutsche-Grammophon-release/dp/B000001GQ2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Deutsche Grammophon release</a>&nbsp;pairs it with two fine Stravinsky works. I would suggest going for the DG disc, as it is a digital recording made at IRCAM with the Ensemble Intercontemporain, just like this Decca disc here, but the Stravinsky pieces are more likely to appeal to fans of modernism than the Mozart here.		The liner notes includes an interview with Boulez, Uchida and Tetzlaff on the Chamber Concerto, though the Mozart gets no explication at all.
1,Kiss' Unmasked was recorded in 1980.  After the release of "Dynasty", Peter Criss had left the band even though he was still on the cover.  Kiss began to expierence inner turmoil after the song "Beth" was released in 1976.  Peter Criss's head got too big and he forgot what he really was, a drummer.	  The solo albums are a good indication of a band falling apart.	  Peter had told his bandmates he wanted to go solo and leave Kiss.  Gene and Paul begged him not to leave and they suggested that they all do solo albums just to make him happy and keep him in the band.	  When "Dynasty" was about to be recorded Peter again threw an ultimatum at Gene and Paul and said he would leave the band again if they didn't use Vinnie Poncia (Peter's solo album producer) to produce the album.  Gene and Paul let Peter have his way.	  Peter left the band after the "Dynasty" world tour and Kiss was left to pick up the pieces.	  "Unmasked" is a very strange record for Kiss.  The sound is very poppy, very radio friendly.	  Some of the songs on it are good, but they just don't have that Kiss sound like "Hotter Than Hell" or "Rock and Roll Over".	  I am a huge Kiss fan.  I love Kiss, but when all is said and done and rock and roll history is written, "Unmasked" will not be remembered as one of their best.  If you love Kiss, buy this album.  If you want a good Kiss album let me suggest "Alive" or "Destroyer"
1,I just bought Cheap Trick's latest album Special One along with Deep Purple's latest album Bananas (import) and couldn't have had a more one sided listening experience.	Two of my favorite bands seem to be going in different directions and I`m not talking musical. I can't believe how weak Special One is, the playing lacks that real spark and there aren't many good or memorable songs. Despite the fact that Scent of a Woman, My Obsession and Pop Drone are Classic Trick, you need more than a few good songs to make a GREAT album. The arrangements are typical been there, done that CT and they just don't sound like their having much fun! When the disc crawled over the finish line I knew I wouldn't be in a hurry to play it again any time soon.	On the contrary, Deep Purple's new album is everything Cheap Trick's isn't. All the songs are excellent, unbelievable performances and the band sound like they are having FUN! Plus, the running order of the album is just outstanding. I've played Bananas at least ten times as much as Special One.	It's safe to say this is not Cheap Trick's finest hour, but it might be Deep Purple`s.	TWO STARS: Special One  FIVE STARS: Bananas
1,I bought this hoping for some of the excitement bottled in Talk Talk's greatest hits disc. Instead, this is a sparse, minimalist plate of acoustic jazz. Mark Hollis's shimmering voice barely makes it our of the garage on this set. Talk Talk fans' money would be better spent simply mopping up whatever 'Talk' records you don't already have.
1,I cant believe this CD gets the kind of reviews it does because it does not deserve them. I am proud to say this is the last Metallica Albumn I Ever bought. Metallica use to be a great metal band...now they are MTv's best friend,it's sad But true.
1,really poor quality, fuzzy and bad camera placement.  I don't know why but the one on Youtube (free) seemed much better
1,I'm not sure who Michael Buble is trying to be, but his music becomes damn annoying this time of year as it is piped into shopping malls and played at the office during the Yuletide season.  As such, I got a chance to hear his latest offering and was none too impressed.  He has a smooth enough voice but it is pure affectation, little of the humor, much less presence, of those he has taken his songs from.  Of course, one doesn't expect crooners like Buble to write his own material, rather offer mundane interpretations of classic standards.  Very sad to hear Van Morrison's Crazy Love made into an ersatz elevator song.
1,Cornell is a great singer but this music sucks...please Chris get back with Soundgarden or Audioslave!
1,Beyonce must be weak from her obvious liposuction which completely changed the shape and size of her body.  (She has NEVER looked better  - since she was not born with the body she has now  - that's for sure!  gone are the huge thighs and hips and the ugliest legs in Hollywood.)  The music is poorly written, weak in performance  -- real boring.  I think she should start being herself instead of her stage person:  Sasha Fierce.  The CD appears totally confused like she is still trying to decide who she is after performing for so many years.
1,I'm unimpressed by this cd. The songs are forgettable, almost formulaic. Although these are supposed to be hits, i doubt I'll ever play this again. Boring songs with forgettable melodies  and generic production.
1,First off, the vendor did an excellent job in delivering the item. I made a mistake thinking that this CD contained the actual rock music which I enjoyed with the film. This is only the backround music! Threw it away!
1,Once upon a time in the early 1980's, Vern Gosdin had a long string of hits.  It was for a record company that really didn't have all it's stuff together.  Well that company went belly up, and the original recordings seemed lost forever.		Jump ahead to 1987, Vern Gosdin resurfaces on Epic Records, and has a whole new string of hits, and garners loads of attention from critics and award shows.  Fans take notice again, only they just can't seem to acquire his earlier hits such as "I Can Tell By The Way You Dance."  Well Vern and Epic try their best and do what they can.  So Vern heads back to the studio and re-records his greatest hits, doing his best to make them sound like they did on the original recordings.  Oh how welcome it was....back in 1989.		Now jump ahead to 2005, all of those Vern Gosdin recordings from the 1980's are now available in their original, and far superior form.  This collection, while terrific in 1989, is now completely rendered obsolete.		As with many remakes, they don't hold up to the originals.  Vern sounds like he's just plain tired of singing "I Can Tell By the Way You Dance."		The only reason to have this cd, and I must say it's a good reason is for "This Ain't My First Rodeo," which is an original song, and deserved to be a hit.
1,Loved Steelbath, Chainheart(My All Time Favorite), Predators Portrait (Second), a few songs off the other albums and Panic Broadcast I considered their comeback album. Wichers was the most important member of the band because of him being at the helm of the songwriting process. Also Wichers and Frenning were the nucleus of the guitar assault for all those years. Even though TPB didn't have Frenning, Wichers gave it enough kick in the tail to make it a great record, even the slower material.		This album lacks soul, depth, structure, and just sounds like they took 20 songs, meshed them together and said hey lets release this now. I can only think of a few (very few) songs that even caught my attention that I could even listen all the way through. It mostly sounds like one big song put together, having no real distinct difference between one and the next. Also it's IMO overly melodic and sounds way to forced. And there are also way to many ballads, as well as WAY to much music. Ten songs are usually the norm, and people get exhausted after all this material. So I guess i'm the only one with guts enough to say the "real" Soilwork is gone, just to many lineup changes and to much of the material is just mundane and boring. So hang me now I guess. I'll stick to the good ole days. Also check out Frennings Fifty Grand Suicide (band), good stuff there. Hopefully Wichers records some new material as well. This is just a mess of sound. Period. Later.
1,The copy protection feature wipes out the appeal of this otherwise great Dexter Gordon CD.  I can understand Sony's need to protect their material, but what if I want to own a physical copy of the CD and enjoy the music on my iPod?  Well, Sony/BMG doesn't even give you that option.  Please, by all means, skip this CD.  If you have to get a Dexter Gordon CD, then get any of his Blue Note releases, which are NOT copy protected.
1,I really can't understand all of the adulation that is given Joss Stone. She's ok, at best, but very little of her work is even ok. I used to halfway like her, but that was very short-lived. Now, I think she's just another wanna-be. She sounds so phony and unnatural on this and really on her other 2 albums, even though they were a tad better. It looks like she's desperately trying to be something she isn't, nor ever will be. This album is atrocious and she's gone from bad to worse. There is nothing good to say about this CD, it screams "phoney" and "desperate". Don't waste your money on this crap.
1,Madonnas latest CD is good, but not great.  The title cut, "Don't Tell Me", "Runaway Lover" and in my opinion the strongest song "What It Feels Like For A Girl are very strong songs.	However Madonna starts falling into country nuvo techno dance music which doesn't fit my taste.  I have always liked Madonna and there is couple of other songs that reach the fair margin such as "Amazing" and "Nobodys Perfect".	But songs like "Gone" and "Impressive Instant" are droning at best, and there are times she sounds too similar to the 80s nuvo techno queen Laurie Anderson.	The album is good, but is definitely not her best effort.  If you want to buy a Madonna album this is how you should by them according to the Joel Rating System:	1.  Ray of Light A+ 2.  Immaculate Collection A 3.  Erotica  A- 4.  Something To Remember A- 5.  Bedtime Stories B+ 6.  Like A Virgin  B+ 7.  Like A Prayer  B 8.  True Blue  B 9.  You Can Dance  B 10. I'm Breathless  B 11. Madonna  C+ 12. Music  C	As you can see "Music" is low on the list....Music is in my collection, but its "Ray of Light" that keeps hitting the CD Player. And to all you die hard Madonna fans, you can hate me, but I am a die hard fan too, and this CD just doesn't rub off...however I think "What It Feels Like For A Girl" is one of her best songs ever and should be the next single.
1,I'm a big Journey fan and liked Steve's first solo record, "Street Talk" but this is one atrociously written, produced and sung disc! Ugggh! Absolutely unlistenable.
1,I wouldn't buy a CD with serious sound issues as more than one reviewer said.  Also, the Suite Espanola is incomplete and is missing 3 pieces including Asturias, one of my favorites.
1,This is no "Return Of The Grievous Angel".  Sadly they use admirers of Joni Mitchell's music instead of artists who would really know how to make some decent renditions.  This CD is good for about three listens before it ends up collecting dust in the music rack.  James Taylor and Sarah McLachlan fit for Joni's style (Folk, Jazz & World) and that is about it.  Who should be here?  Pat Metheny, Shawn Colvin, C.S.N.& Y., Jackson Browne, Judy Collins, David Wilcox, Richard Thompson, Arlo Guthrie, O'2L, Steely Dan, John Gorka, Carly Simon, Laura Coyle, Robben Ford and Loreena McKennitt.  Maybe even Rickie Lee Jones and Joni could kiss and make peace. Let's try a second tribute and get this right.  The booklet by the way is a joke.  A 2 Star only for Sarah McLachlan's "Blue".  Avoid unless you're one of those collectors from A to Z on Joni Mitchell.  She deserved way better than this.  Save your $$$$ and read the other honest reviews which I didn't.
1,She hasn't learned to sing well in English. Pronunciation errors constantly interrupt the emotional flow of the songs. And production is not as good as her early hits.
1,I have to agree with most 1 star reviews. I have also been a big fan of Boston when I was growing up. I will only say one negative thing about this effort and that is, that there is nothing good about it.
1,There are better versions of The Nutcracker out there. Doesn't sound like we normally hear it.
1,Deftones are one of the best bands ever, and I've been a fan from the beginning.  That being said... I didn't like this album.  I'd compare it to how Linkin Park sounds now vs. when they were actually a badazz rock band (1st 2 albumns).  This album is very soft, as soft as Chino's waistline, and when it does rock, the songs don't sound that good.  The slow stuff on prior albums is much better than these tracks.  Swing and a miss.  I HOPE this isn't the way they're going from now on.  More "Around the Fur" (or any other album), less of this.		...and don't give me any "they're maturing and don't need to be heavy anymore to be a good band" b.s.  That's a cop out.		To put it bluntly, in a few years when I'm attending yet another Deftones concert, I highly doubt they'll play ANY tracks off this album.  I'll put money on that!
1,I must say there are MANY TD albums I would recommend over this one. For sure Le Parc, Logos, Hyperborea, White Eagle, even Force Majeur are all better than this. I mean the 2 tunes are only 15 minutes long! I found this album bland and boring, as boring as the hair-dryer blowing-fan shots of the boys on the back cover of the vinyl version.
1,This is a very odd album. A couple of songs are really good: 'Days are forgotten' is among their best, 'I hear voices' is a departure from the classic Ksabian sound that will probably end up being an underappreciated highlight, and Re-wired isn't bad at all.		The problem with the album is that it seems that the band has decided to go Cro Magnon on us (or Genghis Khan, makes for a better wordplay, see review title) trying hard to appear hard: they scream, they are rough, they have velociraptors (!). Look at the totally unnecessary screaming in Switchblade Smile, or the totally ridiculous cover artwork (a serious contender for worst CD cover artwork ever). I think they need to get a serious producer who will highlight the good moments of Serge's songwriting and will tone down the pedantic brute effect. They are too good of a band to waste their talent on trying to act as a second rate Black Sabbath tribute band.
1,Gospel not for me.  Expected too much from this pretty well known band popular back in the day.
1,Parson shows a knack for arrangement production that can be assembled into gratifying material though it rarely surfaces, instead supplying a majority of luke-warm, datedly synthesized radio rockers.
1,Can't believe people actually like this, what an awful voice she has, tried listening to it several times and just as bad the last time as the first. Well at least I can use the case to replace a broken one for I threw the CD in the garbage. Heck even the garbage didn't want it.
1,when i look at these guys all i can think of is Nirvana "is that such a bad thing" no it isnt............but the difference between Nirvana and Nikelback is Nikelback sucks major ass they are just mainstream rockers that want to be famous allt he time.......i hate bands like that i mean being on mainstream is cool but to sell out and hear your song on the radio 30 million times is hella annoying i mean damn enough is enough.look at it this way Tool is mainstream rock sorta not really but they don't outplay tool songs because Tool kicks ass thats why yeah thats right Nikelback you loser poser whining pieces of crap learn your lesson and back off that mic you cant sing worth crap and the guitars are just lame the drums are stupid everything about Nikelback sucks and for people who like this are retarded i mean it just sucks there might be like 4 seconds worth of something that is atcually good one one song and thats not saying much crappy band trsut me
1,Just like all trash, this belongs in a dumpster. Doesn't even deserve one star. The single...Amsterdam..that song makes me cringe. Atrocious. Brutal on the ears. Stay away.
1,3/5 of New Edition branch out into "mentally hip-hop smoothed out on the r&b tip with a pop feel appeal to it", if I may quote the cover.  They have the right ingredients, but they don't sound so good  today.  These guys are better singers than rappers IMHO, and they didn't  seem to have much to say.  Outside of the songs about, um, the band  ("BBD I Thought It Was Me", "Ronnie, Bobby...",  "Ain't Nut'in Changed"), we learn that there's girls they wanna  do ("Do Me!", "Dope!"), girls they (and their crew!)  used to do ("Poison"), and girls they used to do but don't  anymore ("When Will I See You Smile Again?").  The beats and  music are serviceable and occasionally engaging, but generally the whole  affair is unremarkable.  A remix of "Poison" is included for  those who thought the major problem with the original was that it was too  short.  Seems like most the positive associations I have with this album  are just that - associations ("Remember hearing this while cruising  down...?").  Good for a nostalgia trip, perhaps, but that's about all.
1,Talk about being a dissenting voice : this marks the beginning of the end for me. I think she has one of the great original voices of the 20th century, a magnificent instrument honed through years of singing. But what I hear here is hubris (def. overbearing pride or presumption; arrogance). I find most of this album unlistenable. And hubris stems from a deep-seated emotional wound.		I don't know what it is. All I know is that the incredibly sensitive singer of "She Is His Only Need" and "All Of That Love From Here" (to name two of my favorites) is not singing on this album.		On a good note, the nuanced banjo playing of John Willis is the perfect counterpoint on "What The World Needs".
1,Yeah, I love Nashville. One of my favorite movies. And the soundtrack is a personal favorite. What's more, I love singing along as it plays. However, it would never occur to me to record my own singing of these great songs, and it is unfortunate that the people responsible for this didn't exercise the same common sense. This CD is truly wretched.		Do yourself a favor. Watch the movie. Repeatedly. Buy and listen to the soundtrack. But avoid this mess at all costs.
1,I think that this Eliane Elias album is not one of her best to date; I prefer all of her other albums.
1,A CHALLENGING LISTEN MAKES FOR A CHALENGING REWIEW. THIS IS NOT A GOOD ALBUM. DO NOT TRICK YOURSELF INTO BELIEVING THAT. IT IS A UNIQUE ALBUM. IT IS ALMOST A MUSICAL DISGRACE DUE TO THE POOR ARRANGEMENTS AND SUBSTANDARD MUSICIANSHIP. BUT HEY--- THERE'S MORE TO IT THAN THAT. THIS ONE JUST HAS A HAPPY VIBE AND IT MAKES IT DIFFERENT. THAT MIGHT JUST BE THE HOOK---- NO REFERENCES TO INSANITY, MURDER, SICK THINGS, OR NECROPHELIA. I LIKE ZORRO, THAT'S UP TO SNUFF ALONG WITH ADAPTABLE, REMARKABLY INSCENCERE AND MAYBE , WELL, MAYBE NOT MUCH ELSE. WHAT A CONTRAST. I CAN'T EVEN ASSOCIATE THIS ALBUM WITH THE EARLIER STUFF. BY THE WAY THERE IS A PART ON THE ZORRO SONG WHERE THERE IS A SMOOTH MUSICAL THING GOING ON. TOO BAD THEY DIDN'T SPEND A WHOLE 2 HOURS RECORDING THIS ALBUM. NOT LIKE THE OLD DAYS. SOMEHOW ONCE IN AWHILE I REALLY JUST WANT TO HEAR THIS ONE, JUST TO HEAR IT AND MAKE SURE ITS STILL THAT WAY........................I MEAN PLEASE, JUST LOOK AT THE FRIGGIN COVER!
1,From this CD one can easily assume that, in the late 80s, JOHNSON attempted to rapidly cash in on his television popularity (a la DAVID SOUL).		However, his single (HEARTBEAT) did little to impact the Billboard pop charts as did other celebrity recordings before him (JOHN TRAVOLTA, DAVID SOUL or even CHERYL LADD).		The production on this cheesy CD is "BAD vintage 80s". Totally out dated! This CD is good for a few laughs when played alongside other prime recordings acts such as WILLIAM (Star Treck) SHATNER and/or LINDA(Wonder Woman)CARTER.		This CD is truly not recommended unless you remain a die hard fan of pastel suits and bad vocals.
1,So the Hulkster's in the House--and how can we get him out--FAST!!! This CD of "original" tunes is pretty funny in its own right. This offering, unfortunately, is about ten years too late. The music is pure 80's guitar riffs and bad synthesizer. The lyrics are overly simplistic and Hulk raps most of his parts. Hulk's only singing part comes in the epic ballad "Hulk in Heaven" which appears to be a tribute to a fan who has passed away. Hulk stays on key most of the time, but the song is so campy that even though it deals with a tragic subject, I giggled most of the way through it. This CD is just really, really bad. I highly recommend it for wresteling fans from the 80's or those who like "experimental music" (think Pat Boone doing heavy metal and how bad THAT was). If you find this CD lying on the sidewalk, don't throw it away--it's good for a laugh. If you see it in the used music store for a buck (like I did) it might even be worth that for the novelty. But, please, for the love of Pete, don't pay full price for this stinker or it will have you eating the turnbuckle like George "The Animal" Steel.
1,Bummer, dude. These songs sound like pale rip-offs of "Brian Jonestown Massacre." Why listen to this album when you can hear the real thing elsewhere? Black Rebel Motorcycle Club sounds like Charlatans UK without the Hammond organ, or the talent and songwriting ability. Only buy this album if you find it in the discount bin for $0.99. It's easily forgettable.
1,I was expecting something more substantially "experimental" than this. The album starts out strong goes into boring quick and then remerges here and there towards the end.  Hip Hop needs a lot more than this to pull it out of it's current slump.
1,If you want to hear through the ashes... with great solo guitar you should get this album, but what makes this album get 2 star from me is after the song title "now i lay thee down" you only get song that sound sooo nu metal, yes i only like the first three song from this album, man this album is dissapointing me
1,Dont buy Berln. Word has it they are performing at Neo-nazi rallies in Germany. I can no longer get a refund because I spaced out but I sure would like one.
1,TP's early albums and his Jeff Lynne efforts have all gained a space on my "best ever" albums, but this one doesn't even come close.  I didn't give this album a one star, because it is possible that people who really like the blues might find something redeemable here.  But when a great rock band does a blues album, as Steve Miller did previously, it lets the fans down.  Anyone can do an unimaginative, by-the-book, self-indulgent blues set without even thinking, and that is what TP did here.  TP once said in an interview that he doesn't "write" songs, he just pulls them off the cosmic radio.  For his next album, he needs to change the station.
1,Kids already have NOW cd's, why do we need this?  I mean, any kid that could actually tolerate this actually listens to the radio and would rather have the actual song, not some stupid, cheap remake of the song with kids singing in the background.  If you want a CD with kids singing along with it, just get a kids barney sing a long tape or something.  I mean, i'm not a parent or a strict conservative but some of these songs are by artists definately not meant for kids. Smash mouth (all star), Blink 182 (all the small things), sugar ray (fly) and more all have parental advisory stickers on a couple of their albums.  The only reason they make this is to get your money, and you have good reason not to get it!
1,last week i asked my sister ,shes 11, why don't you have the "avril lavigne tie" anymore? she said "avril lavigne is stupid. all her songs talk about love and crap like that. the tie was dumb too. nobody at my school likes her anymore"		avril is another britney clone in the form of "punk rock"		wasn't punk all about the music back in the 70s? not about fashion or image. dickies and a tie don't = punk rock.		my 11 year old sister realized how crappy this is, you can too.		check out real classic punk and rock		ac/dc iron maiden the misfits the ramones metallica led zeppelin and the doors
1,Remember how metallica was awesome before load? Same situation here with satyr and frost.this band effectivly died after intermezzo 2. mayhems grand declaration of war is better than the new satyricon. I gave it a try-but in my eyes this is NOT real satyricon. And therefore should be avoided
1,3lw was never a very popular group. i think thw only time they ever made heads turn was when their single "i do" blow up and when the group actually broke up. i don't see any point in them trying to get back together. it isn't like they're going to be the next destiny's child. omg, they could even make a dent compared to destiny's child. this album is dull, real dull. who the hell gave them a deal?
1,i did not like the rock goddess  as well as i thought  the music was louder than the singer voice
1,Well, all I can really say about this album is that it sounds as though Chad Kroeger is choking on an old, worn-out oven mit soaked in the saliva of a swine.... But, it receives two stars due to the fact that Chad was involved.....
1,I dunno. I can't believe that people give THIS LP five stars and "This Was" - Tulls much superior first LP 4 and even more dreadful 3 stars. There is no accounting for bad taste. Tulls' first LP and then the following two - Stand Up and Benefit are BOTH better than Thick As a Brick which was overblown and muddled. I can only guess that most of the latter fans came along... well LATER and never heard This Was until they because accustomed to stuff like YES Tales of Topographic Oceans and who knows - Innagadda Da Vida? Mindnumbing. . Anyway Brick is OK... But 5 stars?? NUTS. But THIS WAS instead. And then pick up Stand Up and Benefit. Hell even Aqualung is better than Thick as a Brick.
1,First off, if you really want to listen to really accomplished and exceptional complex and textured music, look elsewhere: Frank Zappa and the Mothers, Captain Beefheart and the Magic Band, The Residents, Syd Barret-era Floyd, and even Ornette Coleman, Edgard Varese, Jean-Luc Ponty, and Igor stravinsky did this schtick better, MUCH BETTER than Thom Yorke and Co... Why "better"? Well, for starters, those artists were largely underappreciated and/or under-commercialized at the time, and henceforth were much more artistically pure and honest. Radiohead, for all their claims to the contrary, seem to LOVE being in the spotlight of the worldwide music media and seem to constantly being driven to make music which will get people to calling them "like, duh, musical geniuses or something..." This record has: NO substance, NO originality (tired Kraftwerk beats and Coleman-lite horn riffs...???), NO original message to tell (WHAT are they trying to state? that art and/or music is ethereal or subjective or meaningless?!?!? EXCUSE ME, I think Marcel Proust, James Joyce, Charles Bukowski, the Dadaists, Bunuel, Zappa, Varese, The Residents and Brian Eno said this WAY BEFORE and FAR BETTER than platinum-selling Radiohead!!). I used to adore Radiohead... I still think they're great musicians, but they peak when playing challenging, layered ROCK 'N ROLL, 'cause they ARE A ROCK 'N ROLL BAND!! I guess the moronization of Western culture IS underway... it needs people to pigeon-hole: Marilyn Manson is "the rebel", Fred Durst is "the spokesman for his generation" (HAA!!), and Radiohead are "the musical visionaries"... Meanwhile, the REAL,genuine, unhyped, untainted, and honest Art is being made and HAS been made by people the Top-40, TRL MORONS have never even heard of... I pity Radiohead for having become part of the Carson Daly posse.
1,If you like pounding guitars and lyrics that sound like Pearl Jam, you'll like this album.	Having said that, the intense lyrics and consistent rhythm make this by no means one of the worse albums one could buy.
1,Be aware that there is more than one version out there.  I ordered a two CD set and received a one CD version.  Great music...absolutely terrible sound quality.  Sounds like a $4 transistor radio.  Almost not worth listening to.  I'd sure like to have a digitally remastered version of this disc.
1,Every dj experiments with new sounds and styles. But for a true UK trance DJ....pop??? Oakenfold breaks loose of the traditional trance euphoria previously released in such titles as 'tranceport' or the 007 global underground series, and takes on a new twist. Mixing wack beats with funky lyrics, he manages to spit out a new sound, but I didn't go for it. I would reccomend anyone to pass on this item. If you're looking to hear some of oakenfolds best stuff, I'd reccomend 'Planet Perfect presents another world.'
1,When Gustav Mahler decided to set a series of Chinese poems (from a German translation) to music he came up with an arresting experience  within a European symphonic idiom tinted with musical chinoiserie.  Mahler creates a rich world filled with many voices-- instrumental and vocal-- embedded within the many colors of nature that witness the drama of life.  There is power, vigor, sweetness, tremulous silence and much more evoked by music and text.  If you don't know this piece, it is worth knowing... but avoid this recording at all costs.		Essa-Pekka Salonen leads the LA Philharmonic gamely, though there is a shrill quality to the orchestra that occasionally grates the ear.  Placido Domingo, presumably this recording's raison detre, is hard to listen to. His voice is pinched throughout and he simply does not have the vocal heft  to pull this performance off.  Bo Skovhus in the baritone selections fares better but is also uneven.  The higher parts sound tinny while the lower register is often insecure. Still,  his diction and phrasing is far more believable than  Domingos and the middle part of his range shows off nice tonal colors and expressive potential.  There is plenty to enjoy in his treatment of the closing song, Der Abschied.  This might be worth a listen for  truly devoted Mahler fans should the price be low enough to justify buying general disappointment.
1,I don't giva f#$^. Without C-Murda dis jus sound like P, Silkk, and some new dude rappin on outdated beats. Wait a minute. Thats exactly what this is. If they couldn't get C they just should have waited. This is not TRU. Everyone has been waitin on a TRU disc since 99, but we could have waited longer if we knew P would freak out and drop this weak $h*!. Whats wrong with this guy.
1,I think in many ways the album artwork says most of what you need to know about the album-- the big curvy letters spelling out "RUSH" exploding from the background, its really quite a straightforward '70s rock vibe on the cover, which makes sense, since thats what it is in the album.		The album is maligned by some, in many ways unfairly, given what the future held for the band.  By others, its revered beyond expectations, simply because of what those letters on the front cover spell out-- Rush tends to draw near worship from their fans.  The truth is really somewhere in between.		Making this album unique among Rush records is that joining bassist/vocalist Geddy Lee and guitarist Alex Lifeson is drummer John Rutsey-- Neil Peart would not arrive until after Rutsey's exit.  The sound on the record, likely in part to a lack of Peart's presence is very raw blues-based metal-- in fact, while much of it is quite good, its really not extraordinary, there's dozens of albums by contemporaries that can compare in terms of material.  Mind you, these three guys are superb musicians, and the level of virtuosity that would come out in a few years shows on here.		Also missing without Peart however is a strong lyric writer.  Lee and Lifeson try their best, but this is not what either of them excel at, and the lyrics generally never get above the level of "hey baby its a quarter to eight and I feel I'm in the mood".  This really does cause several pieces (the just quoted "In the Mood", but also "Need Some Love", "Take a Friend", "What You're Doing") to really lose in quality.		Having stated all that, there is some great material on here-- "Finding My Way" is a compulsive rocker, "Here Again" is a great bluesy metal ballad with a killer ringing in your face bass sound, "Before And After" has some interesting ideas, and for my criticism of "In the Mood", its actually a pretty good song-- I suspect this is a bias on MY part for knowing what is coming.  And then there's "Working Man", honestly I never really got this song, but its pretty well regarded by Rush fans and the band evidentally since they play it quite a bit.		Its not great, but its an ok record, and definitely a sign of things to come.  A bad place to start with the band ("2112" or "Moving Pictures" would probably be the place), but not a bad record.
1,Hmmm, when Joss Stone starts imitating an Amy Winehouse, it means that 'soul' music from Britain is officially dead.		Don't get me wrong. I loved Joss Stone on her debut when she first came out. I mean, at the time, everyone wanted to love the anorexically beautiful white girl who sounded SO much like a talented black soulwoman. She was a novelty piece, lets face it, but at least she had some semblance of a voice, and the production on that CD was tight.		Now, amidst allegations that Joss Stone is an immoral harlet who will 'do anything' for 'good tracks' (and these aren't my words, mind you, its her producers) comes this controversial new album with a really nice cover.		I did sit with this for a good while today and listen to it. Hmmm. First impression wasn't very memorable so I went back to a few tracks a second time. Again, not much to report, except that this album sounds very much like she took the producers took the concept of her debut album and reverse-engineered it on the premise of "how badly could we do it". Well, the album sounds like it could have been recorded by Cassie or Monica, which is a REALLY nice way to kick that concept off. Then, the added instrumentation really get in the way of her sometimes smoky and lovely voice (not as lovely as Corinne Bailey Rae or Melissa Etheridge, but still..... anyway, I digress)		"Music" sung with Lauryn Hill is average. So is "Arms of My Baby". Is it just me or do female vocalists who want to show emotion sort of "scream out" their lyrics these days?  I had a similar problem digesting Amy Winehouse's new album.		However Amy has in spades what Joss does not, and this new CD is testament to the fact that producer Saadiq has totally lost it, or just did not have much in the first place. I mean, listen to the 'Intro' and 'Outro' here. It makes Janet Jackson's pathetic interludes from "Damita Jo" sound like masterpieces. If you don't remember those interludes, you aren't missing anything!		To sum up, this was a nonsensical waste of time. But I'll say it again, the album cover was artistic. Too bad that if you open it up, you'l find a more civilized form of horse manure (seriously).		Do yourself a favor and stay away from this overproduced British mess. I'll take some of Simon Cowells' insipid boybands anyday over this trainwreck.
1,I was waiting for the new QR cd very patiently. If I had known how weak it was,I would not have wasted the money. I give it one star because it is QR.It is by far the weakest work they have done.i couldn't even find a bright spot. It is so disappointing. I expected so much more from Geoff Tate and co. Demos and outtakes would have been better.
1,My one-star rating is for the business concept behind this set, not the music itself.  Obviously so many of these songs are legendary and amazing, so it would be 5 stars for the music itself.  Here's the thing about this set...  There have been SO MANY Dylan collections already --  this new one is really just the latest blatant case of the record companies endlessly re-packaging the same songs over and over to make a few extra bucks.  Let me list just a few of the existing Dylan collections and box sets that are already available.  There's The Essential Bob Dylan (2000); the Biograph 3-CD box set, remastered and reissued in 2002; plus the Greatest Hits Vol. 1-3, remastered and reissued in 2003 as a 3-CD box.  And those mostly all contain the SAME SONGS as this new "Dylan" collection!  True, this new one does have a few nice extras, and a book, but it's a sad thing if you have to buy the set just for those.  I'll also acknowledge that the addition of a few more recent songs makes this new one the most "career-spanning" set of the many available ones, but won't the same thing be true when more new Dylan box sets are put out in 2010, 2014, etc.?  There will always be an anniversary date to justify yet another re-packaging.  And that's only while he's alive!  Just think of what endless milking of the man's work will happen after he's gone!
1,It's a product.  It's nothing more then a product.  This makes me sick.  It made me sick when she first appeared on TV and she still makes me sick.  She has machines fix her voice in the studio (she came from Louisiana I believe), she lip syncs onstage because she's too busy dancing with gay guys and therefore show no real talent.  Real talent is determined most of the time by how well you can pull off something in the live concert.  Britney doesn't have to worry about that, she's just a rich, spoiled plastic b*tch who doesn't care that she has severally brain damaged millions of girls.  But here's the thing, they are starting to grow up and catch on, people are rejecting her image and her music.  No body cares anymore, critics bash her, most of the girls have moved on, leaving the (...)style and going for somebody else.  And so are the record companies.  Her sales have dropped with each record, and this is their attempt at getting as much money as possible while she still has a fan base.		At my High school, there was a senior who was in love with Britney Spears, and was very stupid (I'm not the only one who thought so), and guess what job she wanted.  She wanted to be a model.  Clich isn't it?  Sad isn't it?  Pathetic isn't it?  If you answered no to those questions, then you too have had your mind raped by this product.  Chances are you have a mind much like that senior.  Listen here, take this as advice.  The next time someone tells you to listen to some real music, ask them what they mean by that.  Then go out and sample what they suggested.  Chances are you'll find something that will change your life in a far more positive way then this tramp.		Forget Michael Jackson, Britney is the one who has fondled the minds of many, many little kids, and many times it is accepted by the parents.  It's bad to buy a CD with a parental advisory on it but it's perfectly fine for your little daughter to buy something like this.  That's perfect sense.  *sarcasm*  Parents, if you think this is something good that your kids should listen to, I advise you to step back and let your kids discover their own music or give them something like guns n' roses, led zeppelin, something that you listened to (as long as it wasn't Madonna) or even Tori Amos.  None of this Spears, Simpson, J-Lo cr@p that has manifested itself in MTV.  Give them something that is talent.		My final comment about this Britney Beers.  Greatest Hits?  Are you joking?  This is pop chart singles on a disc.  She has no good songs, her most annoying is her telling someone to hit her, and she only has 4 albums out.  4 is way too early for a Greatest Hits or Best Of.  That's something for Led Zeppelin, Black Sabbath, Guns N' Roses, the Beatles, etc.  something that actually changed music and won't be forgotten or considered to be an embarrassment.  This is a big cash grab plain and simple.  Anybody who listens to this pop cr@p.  Please grow up, don't become a stereotype.  That's all I cans say.  For those who weren't around when "hit me baby one more time" was everywhere, please avoid this and you won't risk having your brain damaged.
1,Dull singing of dull material.
1,Did not like this album at all.  Miranda's words were unclear.  I wondered what she was singing about.
1,This is easily the case of an artist having reached the point where he's just using the same proven formula over and over again only with diminishing results each time. We've seen it with Sting, with Prince, many others too, and now with L. Kravitz.	  Unless you're an ultra-die-hard fan, this album has very little to offer. Kravitz's best moments are clearly behind him because this is the second luckluster album in a row that he delivers. Tired songs based on recipes he's done way better before, pseudo-rock songs that are actually mediocre quality pop, pretentious lyrics, oh, and this time he goes from his former "rock n'roll is dead" to "minister of rock n roll". Go figure...	  The whole thing sounds as if he's fulfilling contractual obligations and some songs have a hurried aura about them like they were phoned in.	  I'm sure the fans will (like it happens in such cases) feel compelled to defend their icon but the fatc of the matter is that this is a mediocre and very forgettable album.	  Like one other reviewer noted, the odds that he'll ever recapture his earlier spirit and creativity are rather low, but for the time being that's all we could hope for...
1,People know me from all the MP reviews here in Amazon, but if you don't know me, I am one of the biggest No Limit fans and I will represent P until he dead and gone.  Pastor Troy you got some tight beats homie, but I'd  watch my back if I was you.  I know you heard about the last person who  talked about a No Limit Soldier, he's now in the grave.  You messed up when  you called out P and his soldiers homie cuz now there's gon be hell to pay  homie.  If ya'll don't believe me, ya'll check the obituaries the next  couple of months and see if Pastor Troy's name is in it ok ya'll fans of  Troy.  Peace out. NO LIMIT 4 LIFE.......
1,Everything this band ever released was horrible. Fooled by the masterpiece tune "HOTEL CALIFORNIA", I went out to buy a compilation from them. Uau !! awful. "HOTEL CALIFORNIA" is a thousand miles ahead of all other songs they ever wrote, in terms of sheer quality. THe rest is a bunch of cheesy and souless music. The only merit is the drummer who can sing, which is very rare. Blergh !
1,I am, or WAS, a huge Eminem fan. I listened to all of his CD's and his singles. The Slim Shady LP had great songs, the Marshall Mathers LP didn't have a bad song and The Eminem Show started going down. First in the Eminem Show he ripped off Aerosmith. Em fans will say he ripped off Dido in "Stan", but that was actually good. The only thing good about "Sing For The Moment" was the Aerosmith portion of "Dream On". But that is a different record.		D-12 sucks. Eminem sucks. D-12 is nothing special to me. This CD is horrible. They are a bunch of losers mixed in with Eminem, and when you make that combination you get one bad band. But, Eminem will continue to get fake fans, followers and the media to support him, so he can make a CD worse then Michael Jackson's face and he will STILL get followers to say his album's are good.		As for the two hits, My Band and How Come, are both horrible. The first time I listened to "My Band" I just shut it off. After hearing it on the radio, I was extremely disappointed and was not laughing. The music video is sh*t, and it is not funny. When Eminem used to make fun of N'Sync and Britney Spears, but now he is just trying too hard. He thinks he can sell by being funny, but you get one good laugh and then you want to puke. The hooks are horrible and D-12 makes it worse.		How Come was alright. After a few radio plays, it became horrible. It wasn't like "The Real Slim Shady" where we can listen it to a million times and still not shut the radio off, but it is more like listening to "In Da Club" and "Yeah" a million times, then shutting it off. D-12 has no talent. They are a wannabe Eminem, and I don't know who wants to be like him except for some suburban white kid who thinks he knows hard life in the ghetto. It is time for Eminem to give up his band and to hang it up, for good...
1,Okay, regardless of how much you or I love and miss John and wish there was more music out there from him for us to listen to, avoid this album at all costs! Well maybe not ALL costs, if I saw it on sale for a quarter I might buy it just so I can be a completist, but that's about all it's worth. I have NO problem with "Revolution #9". I like it when groups and artists experiment hell, I'm even a big fan of Lou Reed's 'Metal Machine Music', but this is some of the worst of the worst from any artist Beatle or not! 'Two Virgins' and 'Life With The Lions' are equally horrible, but after having listened to all 3 of them I'd say this one is the least musical or artistic of the trio. I realize that us Lennon and Beatles fanatics want everything our favorite group of all time did to be great, but there are always going to be a few flaws and 'The Wedding Album' is the worst offender. If you want to check out decent to good experiments by the boys from Liverpool then get George Harrison's 'Wonderwall' or even 'Electronic Sounds'. There's also Paul's 'The Family Way' and 'Thrillington' which are pretty well done classical compositions that he did early in his solo career. I'm not aware of any experimental Ringo forays, since all of his albums maintain some rock/pop sensibility, so I'd easily recommend his and every other Beatles solo works over this disaster.
1,Let's ignore Christina's painfully contrived image switch up and focus on what really matters when you're buying an album; how good or bad it sounds. First, a word of warning: if you are planning on buying "Stripped" because you enjoy her first single "Dirrty" think again. 75% of the songs are Celine Dion-esque syrupy ballads about how under-appreciated she is and how much love blows. If we set aside the few profanities and rappers, "Stripped" is an album I can picture my 55 year old mother completely loving. While it's not all overwrote balladry, there are two extremely horrid rock songs ("Fighter" and the borderline rip-off of the UK's Sugababes "Overload," "Make Up") and R+B grinders (Can't Hold Us Down featuring Lil Kim, who's sounds so impassionate and bored on this "girl power anthem" that I wouldn't be knocked over if I heard she did it on one take, lying in bed with a killer hang over). I can't help but wonder where all the potential singles are. There is nothing even mildly resembling the undeniable catchiness of "Genie in a Bottle" on this album. Better whip out your musical black book Christina because you are gonna need some remixes ASAP. Though, the biggest sin on "Stripped," besides the completely laughable album inlay photography, is how  - despite having a team of producers - it runs together like a drawn-out obnoxious screamfest. Instead of using her vocals to illustrate some sort of emotional build up in her ballads she just wails from beginning to end, which completely depreciates her voice by the end of the album. Come to think of it, after listening to "Stripped" I couldn't help but ponder where all the controversy is hiding. Sure, I heard a couple cusses but I was really expecting a no-holds-barred, "Erotica" calibre songs. What we get instead is weak Mary J Blige takes, mixed with a little Foxy Brown circa "Broken Silence" personal confessions that, unlike the aforementioned rapstress, come off completely forced and phoney.	Good thing Christina is creating hype with her new image and "Girls Gone Wild meets Mad Max" video because "Stripped" is a bewilderingly play-it-safe album that won't find any itself.
1,I grew up several years after Ms. Gore's hits, so I had no expectations on this CD.  So for all intents and purposes, I treat her as a mature singer with no baggage, positive or negative.		Thus I am disappointed based on what I had heard about her.  I do not find the material very moving or interesting.  Perhaps some better charts or some different musical colors could have been helpful, some of the songs were just pleading for a vibraphone or a horn to add some color.  And Gore's thin voice does not strike me as very expressive at all.		Perhaps against the 60s singers from her era, this is a good CD.  But if you compare this CD to those of Stacey Kent, Norah Jones, Janis Siegel, this falls way short.
1,As many other reviewers note, these CDs install MALICIOUS software WIHTOUT REQUIRING CONSENT from the user.		This is not the only problem, howerver.  Sony's End User License Agreement requires the following things of all consumers who purchase this "content protected" music:		  1. If your house gets burgled, you have to delete all your music from your laptop when you get home. That's because the EULA says that your rights to any copies terminate as soon as you no longer possess the original CD.		  2. You can't keep your music on any computers at work. The EULA only gives you the right to put copies on a "personal home computer system owned by you."		  3. If you move out of the country, you have to delete all your music. The EULA specifically forbids "export" outside the country where you reside.		  4. You must install any and all updates, or else lose the music on your computer. The EULA immediately terminates if you fail to install any update. No more holding out on those hobble-ware downgrades masquerading as updates.		  5. Sony-BMG can install and use backdoors in the copy protection software or media player to "enforce their rights" against you, at any time, without notice. And Sony-BMG disclaims any liability if this "self help" crashes your computer, exposes you to security risks, or any other harm.		  6. The EULA says Sony-BMG will never be liable to you for more than $5.00. That's right, no matter what happens, you can't even get back what you paid for the CD.		  7. If you file for bankruptcy, you have to delete all the music on your computer. Seriously.		  8. You have no right to transfer the music on your computer, even along with the original CD.		  9. Forget about using the music as a soundtrack for your latest family photo slideshow, or mash-ups, or sampling. The EULA forbids changing, altering, or make derivative works from the music on your computer.		Refer to the following for details:		<ul>		<li><a href="[...]">List of Affected CDs</a></li>		<li><a href="[...]">EULA analysis</a></li>		<li><a href="[...]">Rootkit analysis</a></li>		<li><a href="[...]">Continued rootkit analysis</a></li>		</ul>
1,Wow, the first release&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Pickin-Up-The-Pieces/dp/B003TTZSXI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Pickin' Up The Pieces</a>&nbsp;& also the EP, that was their 1st release&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Songs-for-a-Breakup/dp/B0020SQ2JI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Songs for a Breakup</a>, were a fantastic old school R&B vibe-  As many others have said, this is over produced-		For my taste, this 'new' style is not an improvement !  As a matter of fact, if I'd have heard this first, I'd never have got to their earlier stuff-		The writing & vocals are still there of course, however it almost seems as if they got lazy and left the previous band (& the great original sound) out of the loop-  Big mistake IMHO !!		The whole thing sounds 'canned'-		Bring back the Motown sound please !!
1,I know I'm almost 20 years late in saying this, but about a week ago, I went through my uncle's old LP collection and found this. After listening to about 3-4 songs, I had to put this away. THIS IS AWFUL! This is a slightly heavier Bon Jovi. The only positive thing about this is atleast its not as bad as Cold Lake is. THAT IS 100% GARBAGE.		But in the end, all is good, as Celtic Frost released one hell of an album, the epic Monotheist, which I recommend tenfold over this.
1,I'm not sure what he was thinking here.
1,Okay whatever, shut the hell up.		What a horrendous live album, more commercial crap from this so called "band". this is the death toll ringing for Green Days music and the beginning of more commercialised money making junk and scams.		Total sellouts.
1,Somehow Janet's voice sounds different from before and when somebody mentioned it seems like she has been trying to sound like her brother I realized...yep, as strange as it sounds...that's it. Maybe she just tried to sound different in general...either way...it does not sit too well.		Every time she releases a new album I find myself comparing it to Rhythm Nation automatically...it just happens. I love "Control" and I love "RN" most...I even enjoy her very early works much more than everything that came after Rhythm Nation. While some people still got excited about Janet and Velvet Rope...that is when the tower started crumbling.		The title Unbreakable reminds me very much of Michael's Invincible...it sounds heroic/dramatic...but in this case it does not live up to it. Her new songs sound similar to what mainstream R&B is all about these days. I could not find one song that I really liked. I would assume she has the freedom to put  on an album whatever she wants...not trying to please or fit in. But maybe this album really reflects what she feels.		Sorry. I have tried but it does not work.
1,This would be an incredible album if it weren't for the terrible mastering. Randy's over-saturated distortion sounds great on studio recordings, but the engineers really over did it for the purposes of this "tribute." I can understand that Randy should be featured prominently in the mix of an album dedicated to his memory, but his guitar levels are so high, and there is so much crowd noise and stage echo added in, that your ears will quickly grow tired of listening to it. Don't get me wrong, I love the blaring sound of an over-driven Marshall amp, but this is just annoying. Van Halen and Tony used some wicked distortion in the '80s, but it didn't sound ridiculously harsh and it didn't overpower the vocals, bass, and even drums. It's like holding a buzz saw up to your head. I've never been able to make it past track three without needing to give my now-ringing ears a break. I'm sure some of you aren't as concerned with recording quality, but even when listening to this a low volumes, the sound is rough.		This album deserves a complex remix and a dynamic remaster fitting of its historical importance.		Google "the loudness war"
1,Bad Screaming. It just sounds bad. I regret wanting this album. The vocals have no talent really and I just like the drums. The lyrics sound goth to me. Again the screaming solos just sound terrible.		--Sound like Ramstein-or whatever tht punk band name is.		download a song by these guys before you buy the album.		Sorry Silverstein
1,This review is for the following version:		UPC: 731453002210	Catalog Number: 530022		I bought this record because I love this album, and figured this version, which is slightly more expensive than another available vinyl reissue, would sound nice. WRONG. Pops and ticks all over the first side, likely due to the poor manufacturing process of United Record Pressing, where this particular version appears to have been made. I'm going to return this to my local store as the pops and ticks were so annoying I couldn't even get past the first side. I tried cleaning it also to no avail. Very disappointing. Vinyl reissues are so hit or miss these days because vinyl is trendy and the record companies are releasing shoddy product like this to folks that don't know better and are probably listening to it on one of those cheapo Crosley things.
1,I BOUGHT THIS CD BECAUSE "IM GONNA HATE MYSELF IN THE MORNING" IS A GREAT SONG. BUT THE REST OF THE CD WAS NOT WHAT I HAD HOPED IT WOULD BE. LEE ANN WOMACK HAS A GREAT VOICE, BUT TO ME SONGS ON THIS CD WERE NOT THAT GOOD. I JUST REPEAT IM GONNA HATE MYSELF......... OVER AND OVER BECAUSE IT IS A GREAT SONG.
1,Should I start writing Bob Rock hate mail like so many Metallica fans did after St. Anger?  It worked!  Why not?  He did the same thing to the Offspring in this album.  This is by far the worst album I could have imagined from the Offspring.  "Kristy are you Doing Ok?"..."A Lot Like Me"..  "Fix You"....ARE YOU KIDDING ME?  Listen Bob, this isn't 1985 and the Offspring aren't Motley Crue.  They don't need POWER BALLADS!!  I shouldn't place all the blame on Bob.  It's the Offspring that wrote the songs unfortunately.  "Hammerhead" and "Stuff is Messed up" are the only tracks that I kept and they could have been b sides in my opinion.  Am I the only one that notices the 80's tinge to the lead guitar? I will end with my main complaint...  I have never heard an Offspring ballad in their nearly 20 year career so why is 1/4 of the album devoted to ballads now.  This used to be a punk band.
1,the new vocalist just doesn't cut it he does not fit this style of music this guy isn't even in the same realm with rob lowe or messiah the music is great heavy Sabbath style riffs the vocals blow chunks don't buy if your a rob lowe or messiah fan.
1,First of all, I will say this...PUNK IS DEAD.  Leave it alone and rock out to some REAL punk like Dead Kennedys or Iggy, Minor Threat, Fear or even the Ramones (which, sad to say, have become WAY TOO COMMERCIALIZED).  All these bands that try to say they're so PUNK need to get a clue.  Punk died when Reagan left office.  Get over it and find something more productive to do with your time.  Though some would argue that labels like Hellcat and the like are producing punk, well, maybe so, but in this day and age the cause has all but died.  Punk fizzled out into the post-hardcore elements that still exist somewhat with bands like Fugazi, Jawbox and Slint.  Don't know who these bands are?  Well then, punk-a-roos, check them out.
1,cd was broken
1,Not Oracular Spectacular (a truly great album front to back)...?  Ok, so what.  I'll live, no problem.  The real problem is that this album is awful.  So glad it leaked when it did as I was able to cancel my pre-order of the limited edition version.  So bad I don't even bother having a boot version.
1,The case was broken
1,Don't waste your time or your money on this boo-awful CD that Queensryche tried to pass off as "music".		If you are expecting to hear songs like "Revolution Calling",		"I Don't Believe in Love" or "Eyes of a Stranger" then look elsewhere, b/c this SURELY is not it!!!		I always thought that either "Q2K" or "Hear in the Now Frontier" CDs were their worst CDs.  Nope.  This new CD right here is hands down their worst.		It doesn't even remotely sound like the Queensryche that everyone knows.  It doesn't even remotely sound like "Mindcrime 1" CD for that matter.		The same day after I bought this boo-awful CD, this crappy CD went straight into the trashcan.  I listened to the CD all the way through, and there were about 3 songs that were alright, but NOTHING on that CD was outstanding, NOTHING.		I haven't been this disappointed in a band or a CD since:  "No Prayer for the Dying" CD from MAIDEN and "Chameleon" CD from HellOweeN; and this is coming from a guy who has been a Queen-of-the-Ryche/MAIDEN/HellOweeN fan for years.		Seriously, if the band is going to make a long-overdue follow up to their absolute best CD that they have ever made, AT LEAST make it worth listening to and worth the time and the effort and the money to buy it, instead of this trash that they came out with for this new CD!!!		You might haphazardly like this CD ONLY if you throughly loved every second of the very mediocre "Q2K" CD or "Hear in the Now Frontier" CD; other than that, let this CD sit on the shelf.		If you are going to get into Queen-of-the-Ryche, my gosh, this is NOT the CD to start with.  This is the dead last the CD you want to listen to from an usually awesome band.		To get started with Queensryche, try:		1.  "Mindcrime 1" CD (hands down).		2.  "The Warning" CD.		3.  "EMpire" CD.		4.  "Self-titled" EP.		5.  "Promised Land" CD.		6.  "Rage for Order" CD.
1,Really, "Beautiful" is the only song that bears repeated listens.  Nothing wrong with the rest...but a band as derivative as this one needs stronger songs to stand out.
1," You Belong To me" "Baby I Love U" "I'm glad" "The One" are the reason to support this sad try of the latin diva to sing..		I hate the others songs like "Dear Ben" ( C'mon!!), "All I Have",and of course her first single "Jenny From The Block"		(is So fake)....So, Jenny, Try harder or come back home,sis.
1,I followed the Roots since their early days in Philly and applauded their success on the Fallon Show, but I don't like them as much as I used to.  they used to be hard hitting in music and beats, but now its all smooth mellow flow more like hip hop easy listening.  Doesn't have the same energy or sense of urgency as their earlier work.  I hated that dreadful awful album they did with John Legend and they have been boring ever since.
1,Crazy World is about on the same level as Savage Amusement for me. It's a good CD for Scorpion fans, but to a widespread general audience it's probably just the album that contains the hit Wind Of Change. Never able to recapture the brilliance of Love At First Sting, this one continues the Scorps' downward slide from the top of their game. I like this CD enough to keep it as a part of my collection because I really like the band, but after the first few tracks I usually get bored and listen to something else. My favorite tracks include: Tease me Please Me, To Be With You in Heaven, Wind of Change, Kicks After Six.
1,I was really getting in to the first song on this cd...until the twangy steel guitar kicked in and ruined the song. Ryan Adams wants to make rock, but he can't. Leave out the country sounds and you've got some halfway decent music. I doubt we'll hear ANY of these songs on the radio. I don't hear a hit in the bunch. I'm from Tennessee and I can also tell you my state doesn't ****.
1,i've tried so many times to get into this cd and i just can't. i liked the videos for thrift shop and can't hold us. not so much the songs. some of the hooks are catchy, and the guest spots are nice. i really don't like macklemore's rapping style or his content.  at all.
1,The "music fan from CA" is right: most of this music is obscure for a reason. It's simply not very good. After the incredible ESSENTIAL PEBBLES VOL. 1, where every single track was a surefire winner culled from the first 10 CD volumes of the PEBBLES series, I was really looking forward to popping this into my CD player. Unfortunately this was a major let-down; selecting songs from the PEBBLES LP's that haven't seen CD release yet, if these are the best of those, I'm not looking forward to those LP's seeing the light of the digital age.	The few good songs include: The Rogues' "How Many Times", Neal Ford and the Fanatics' "Shame on You", The Jelly Bean Bandits' "Generation", Sonny Flaherty and the Mark V's "Hey Conductor", The Live Wires' "Love", The Inmates' "More Than I Have", The Kama Del Sutras' "She Taught Me Love", and The Sweet Acids' "That Creature". That's 8 out of 26 songs that you'll find yourself glad you listened to. The rest are disposable.	If it's possible, the CD starts out at a good pace and each song progressively gets worse as the running time gets longer. Do yourself a favor and wear out your ESSENTIAL PEBBLES VOL. 1 CD rather than even consider the idea of purchasing this one. For hardcore completists only, who I expect will probably only give it a listen and toss it onto their shelf to collect dust.	Disc 2 holds some minor interest to collectors, as all 29 songs have never been reissued anywhere. Tracks actually worth hearing are: The Purple Haze's "Shades of Blue", The Dawn 5's instrumental "Mike's Bag", Denny Noie and the Catalinas' "It Ain't a Big Thing", The Fading Tribesmen's "More Feathers", and The Spires of Oxford's "But You're Gone". However, none of these songs are even all that memorable. Again, like CD 1, each song gets progressively worse as the disc goes on.	All in all, this is a supremely disappointing package that only hardcore completists will want to add to their collection. "Essential" is the one word that will NOT pop into your mind while listening to this misfire collection.
1,a shame I like her music but this cd wasn't that great at all her music was better on American Idol
1,Cd great. Company brought from has not redeemed the money I put out for a defective cd.  Still waiting to be sent the money I lost on a defective product.
1,don't spend your money.
1,Having been a big fan of Queensryche since 1983, I have heard all of their recordings since their first album.  This album just don't do it as far as heavy metal or even progessive metal. It is sad to admit that Chris DeGarmo was most definately one of the strong songwriters in that group.  This new album is very disappointing to me.  Maybe they are burned out from playing metal.  Their last "metal" album was "Operation Mindcrime II".  And I thought this new record would be a reflection of "Rage For Order" as the band have stated.  This would have been a great record if that statment was true. I didn't even bother to hear the entire album before writing this review.  Listening to the samples available here at Amazon was enough to convince me this is not what I expected.  I hate to write a negative review, because Queensryche meant so much to me throughout the years.  But I have to be honest.  Let's just hope they release something better than this next time.  And let's hope Chris DeGarmo (or someone good enough) comes in to contribute to what was once... "the mighty Queensryche". My last comment: "Rage For Order" was a phenominal album. If Queensryche really revisited this album as a foundation for a new release, I think it would be great. Hey, check out the latest release by Helstar. "Glory Of Chaos" is the title. Released in 2011, this will blow your mind.  Funny thing, the title of the album is similar to Queensryche's title on theirs.
1,.	I've listened to tens of thousands of albums, and this is certainly one of them.		Listening to this reminded me of watching the backwards-playing movie Memento. I don't know if I really liked it, but it was interesting.		I really wanted to like this album.  Many of these tunes show promising starts but to me get bogged down in tired vocals and second-hand loud playing.  Like a fence post on an abandoned farm, the songs just sit there. For no apparent reason. Critic reviews were -as stated by a few other respondents- glowing.	Many of the songs kick-start with a promising guitar riff, but slowly deconstruct into fuzzy noodling and horrific singing.  I mean the playing occasionally makes you think something great is just around the bend, but it is a dead end, for the most part.		I mean they are certainly passionate about their roots.  I dropped acid at a Robin Trower concert too, but I didn't waste people's time by recording 2 cds worth of minutia about my experiences and how it changed my life.		The lyrics are sort of a narrative, story telling format that go a little like this, like a 5th grade school paper: "Woke up this morning, had a bowl of corn flakes, heard a dog barking, and shot him dead. Lynard Skynard is a great band". That sort of garbage.  And in mind crap is crap.  Most of these words rung shallow as an ash tray, and empty as a beer can.  The spoken word songs, I found to be more enjoyable.  Cause most of the rest of this sucks more than an empty keger on a Friday night.  I just wanted to shout out at my CD player, "Will you Shut up and get on with it already!"		Hey, Lynyrd Skynyrd is a great rock band, with several classics, but this is no LS.  I also like Neil Young.	But I have 3 words for a band that repeatedly sings songs that include song after song after song after song about Ronnie & Neil.  Get over it!		I found "3 Great Alabama icons" interesting, certainly from historic perspective, the information of racist Governor George Wallace was eye opening.		There are a fist full of nice songs pocketed toward the end of side two: "Life in the Factory" rocks, "Cassie's Brother" (primarily NOT sung by the band), "Shut Up" is good driving rock. "Angels & Fuselage" a decent ballad.		Skip the second hand licks and goat-roper strained, whiskey'n' razorblades garbled vocals. Stick with the originals; spend your blue collar dollar on "After the Gold Rush" or "Harvest" or "Everyone Knows this is Nowhere" or L.S.  Personally I think these guys are less street survivors and more grease spill on the lost rock highway.		Get out the way of this southern thing.		p.s. ditto for their other CD, the Dirty South too. Yawn.
1,R&B is known for its long-standing producer/singer relationships. Janet Jackson has Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis. Toni Braxton has Babyface. TLC has Dallas Austin. And Ginuwine had Timbaland, and for his first two albums, the match yielded some strong results in the form of hits like "Pony," "What's So Different" and "Anxious." But "Senior" is the second Ginuwine album sans Timbaland, and without the producer's hip-hop flavored beats, it's as generic as an r&b record can get. The songs here aren't bad, but, frankly, they could be sung by virtually ANYONE: Tyrese, Tank, Joe, or any of the first-name-only male vocalists that get aggressive rotation on 106 & Park. And you know an album is off to a dubious start when it kicks off with a spoken endorsement by, of all people, Mike Tyson. Thematically, it's deja vu, with Ginuwine cruising through same-old cliches in tracks like "Get Ready" (with Snoop Dogg, in his umpteenth cameo appearance), "In Those Jeans," and "Sex," a song that states, in no uncertain terms, what's on Ginuwine's mind. All ain't lost, though. The single "Hell Yeah" is above standard fare; and it's hard not to like the jam "First Born," in which he pays tribute to "the most precious thing in the world." But they don't compensate for assembly line beats and hooks that pervade much of "Senior." And the album has so many guest appearances, it feels like Ginuwine is a guest crashing his own party. Whatever the reason why he didn't team up with Timbaland for this album, it's my hope that they reunite the next time, as this album proves that they both need each other. Save for a couple tracks, this "Senior" isn't ready to graduate.
1,ZZ top is a great band thats why ig ave this 2 stars.....but this greatest hits album lacks there early stuff. Its mostly from 77 and on like there MTV days when they became "pop". If you whant there early stuff (wich is better in my opinoin buy there first 2 albums).
1,That just about describes this album.  Not much imagination or musical expertise shown here.  Kiss was always better live anyway.  The studio cuts of their best songs are usually far inferior to live versions.  While no  KISS album deserves 5 stars, better choices are the albums released when  they became a better band:  Double Platinum, Alive I and II, Destroyer  (their best), Love Gun and Rock 'n' Roll over.
1,I'm sure at some point this music had some good sound quality... no more.	The release is flawed by poor sound quality due to a inferior cheap pressing.		Zero stars...
1,For me this album marked the second fall from grace for Kansas. Whilst Power marked a reasonably successful reformation of the band with a Kansas-ish rock sound, In The Spirit  Of Things saw Steve Morse take a much more active hand in co-writing with Walsh as well as  external writing influences permeating the album leading to a marked change in sound.	For me this album also marked the end of Steve Walsh as a singing force. For some reason his voice sounds broken, harsh and unable to span the incredible range he had once mastered - very unlike the golden voice we got used to listening to Song For America and Leftoverture. I have no idea if anything happened to Walsh but subsequent albums, such as Live At The Whisky, were to confirm he couldn't hit the notes he used to with that live album producing an embarrassing performance where Walsh tries to hit the notes in classic tunes and fails dismally. Can anyone tell me why???	The last thing anyone buying this album should expect is a classic sounding Kansas album - it is not that, especially with Livgren and Steinhardt still sadly missing following the band's original split and with Walsh's voice having deteriorated.	However, it is not without merit and Morse's influence is mainly positive (whereas the Elefante brothers influence was disastrous on Vinyl Confessions and Drastic Measures). Among the weaker tracks are some good songs worthy of the Kansas name such as Ghosts, Rainmaker, The Preacher and The Bells Of St James. Even one externally written track One Big Sky gives the band something worthy of their reputation to play. Unfortunately there are too many average and below average pop songs padding out the remainder of the album.	Overall its a reasonable effort but certainly not as good as Audio Visions - the last album made with the band's original line up and their poorest of that era. Unfortunately the site doesn't let me award 2 1/2* so a 2* it has to be. However, its certainly not just for completists.	Mild recommendation to buy.
1,I am going to make this short. I am a HUGE Pink Floyd fan, and I must say that I am very disappointed with 'Echoes'. It lacks songs that people really need to hear. Songs like "Have A Cigar" "Welcome To The Machine" and also "Run Like Hell". My main reccomendation is to not buy this. If you want to start with something, start with Dark Side Of The Moon, or Wish You Were Here. Later, explore The Wall and all others. And one more thing, don't buy this only for "When The Tigers Broke Free". That has much more meaning to the movie than standing alone in a poorly put together "hits" compilation.
1,Anyone interested in purchasing the recent Robert Palmer reissues from Culture Factory or Edsel would be wise to read these two articles from SuperDeluxeEdition:		#1: Online music forums are buzzing at the moment with fans claiming that Edsel's recent Island-era Robert Palmer reissues show signs of being mastered from an MP3 source.		Using sound editing software such as Audacity, audiophiles often like to `look' at the sound of tracks via waveforms - it's a way to check the state of the mastering. Some fans of the late English singer have been doing just this with the latest reissues and are unhappy with what they see. "There is absolutely no musical information above 16 kHz, which is a dead giveaway" stated one person - the implication being that this was an indication of an MP3 source. Many fans have emailed us in the last 24 hours asking if they should not buy the reissues and if we knew whether there was any truth in these claims.		So we put these allegations to Edsel label manager Val Jennings and he was adamant that the masters had been nowhere near an MP3 file.		"We were given flat transfers by Universal for all the albums and bonus tracks, on CDs with Universal's Belsize Road Tape Library inlays. Since they came directly from the tape library, I can't see how MP3s would come into it. The CDs certainly don't have MP3s on them", he said.		When pushed about the actual source and details around the transfers themselves he told us:		"I can but assume that they would have been new transfers from the tapes with no extra EQ. They were done in 2006 for Universal's very own catalogue team, who were all set to reissue the albums, until the whole project was shelved for reasons no-one involved can remember".		Clearly frustrated with the situation Val added, "I really don't know what else to say. It's shame that people can't just be glad that someone has reissued the records, instead of trying to find or invent faults."		#2: When Edsel Records reissued Robert Palmer`s Island era albums on CD, we were delighted. Regular SDE readers will know, we rate the Yorkshireman's diverse '70s output highly and like many fans were frustrated with the lack of activity around his catalogue.		Although the (Edsel)reissues that came out at the end of August were budget conscious combo-packs, with two albums in each set (three, in one case), the packaging itself was excellent, with slipcases, thick booklets, essays, lyrics and some great archive photography and scans of sleeves and record labels. Most of the albums also came with bonus tracks.		Unfortunately, enthusiasts who'd purchased these sets started reporting in online music forums that the sound quality was not what you might expect from an original tape transfer. Some were stating that the albums looked like they'd been mastered from MP3s.		That got us thinking. If the new Edsel releases are indeed less-than-optimum, then what is the best way to listen to Robert Palmer's Island albums? Exactly which CDs sound the best? Are the Edsel reissues, really that bad?		There are a number of different masterings, and rather than heap amateur analysis on top of amateur analysis, we asked mastering engineer Nick Watson to give us his professional opinion. In his 23 year career Nick has worked with bands like Faith No More, The Kinks and The Libertines and he co-owns (with Tim Debney) of Fluid Mastering in London.		We gave Nick three versions of Palmer's 1976 album "Some People Can Do What They Like" and asked him to analyse them. One was the new 2013 Edsel CD, the second was an original Island CD from the 1980s, and the final disc was the 2011 remaster from US label Culture Factory. To keep things simple this comparison is based on the first track of the album "One Last Look." Here's what Nick had to say.		The spectrogram image show(ed) clearly that there is no useful audio data on the CD above 16kHz, and the blocky nature of the display is consistent with the audio having been subjected to some form of data compression such as MP3 or AAC or similar. The sound of the disc is also consistent with this, with the top end of the recording appearing to switch on and off, the stereo image flinching, and some twittering artifacts in the top end, as one would expect from low resolution data-compressed signal. As a test, using a clean uncompressed version of the same track as a control, I found that a reduction of the bitrate to about 192kbps was required to reduce the perceived quality to something similar to the Edsel CD (see this image to illustrate).		Apart from the data-compression artifacts, the album sounds quite thick and bloated (too much low-mid) and very closed off in the top end, although this latter point will be partly to do with the data-compression.		This CD sounds exactly as one might expect for a reissue done at this time. The EQ is quite thin and the sound is slightly brittle - although once the listener has adjusted to this there are no unusual or distracting artifacts. The stereo image is open and consistent. This sounds like an album that could do with being properly remastered, from the original tapes, with a little extra warmth and bass in the EQ and the more natural and transparent sound of good quality modern A to D conversion.		Looking at the spectrogram, (I could) see that the frequency response continues upwards from 16kHz and there is none of the blockiness of the Edsel image. Another interesting point is at the extreme high end you can see the response tails away smoothly, but rapidly, at about 21kHz. This would probably be due to the more aggressive filters used in A to D converters in the 80s and early 90s.		The spectrogram on this version has no blockiness and no rapid rolloff of the high frequencies. This would demonstrate that as far as digital processing is concerned, this version has suffered the least degradation, i.e. it has not been data compressed and was converted from analogue to digital using more recent technology.		The sound of this version however is dreadful. The tone of it would suggest that at least 8 dB of boost has been applied at around 2kHz giving it what you might describe as a telephonic kind of brightness, and the stereo image swerves from side to side wildly and seemingly at random, with the left channel becoming so loud at times that clipping distortion is audible. Given that no engineer in his right mind would do this to a recording (and I'm allowing for the fact that plenty of engineers do some pretty awful things in the mastering world) I can only assume that on this occasion the guy left the room and WHAT WE HEAR ON THE Culture Factory CD IS THE RESULT OF THE CAT WALKING ACROSS THE CONSOLE. All of which is a real shame as it's a great album, and one that I would enjoy listening to for pleasure.		Conclusions		Given the choice between these three CD editions, the hands-down winner for me is the original '80s Island reissue - which, for all its faults (faults it shares with pretty much every other reissue of that period) it at least doesn't suffer from strange sonic artifacts or appallingly harsh EQ.		Coming back to the much discussed Edsel reissue finally, one might wonder how such a thing could have happened. Well, I'm not going to speculate about that and can only talk about what I find on the disc itself. However, in general terms, I can perhaps allude to the fact that before computers and music became so closely intertwined, mastering was something that could only be undertaken by professional engineers. Today, however, anyone with a computer, whether they work in a studio or an office, can pick up a disk or download a file, and do stuff with it. Not everyone for instance knows how to make a 1:1 copy of a CD, and might load it into some freeware in order to attempt to do so, perhaps resulting in some inadvertent degradation. I even know of record company employees who do things to audio masters using applications such as iTunes, without really knowing what they're doing or why, other than it being something that they have been shown how to do by someone else in the office. It's almost akin to say, 20 years ago, them taking a master tape out of the box, and unravelling it and then editing it using scissors and sellotape. Except that that would never have happened.		(by Nick Watson, minor edits by me)
1,This CD Didnt WORK>  Totally No Play..Waiste of Money!  I know its a Good CD, I Had it Years Ago. Have All of G.Carlins DVDs CDS. However, Amazon, Never Credited Me for this. Not Happy About that... Beware Peeps!
1,My review title being stated, you are reading the ramblings of someone who has bought EVERY album since "Peace Sells."  I bought Dave's book (and loved it).  However, this time around I listened to every track in a sample mode and must say that I can't find ONE track that makes me say I want to buy the album and support the artist.  You could give me this  album for free and I would say no thanks other than the fact it would complete my Megadeth collection.		I seriously never saw the big deal about the RISK album and how people said how horrible it was.  I actually liked a few songs off that album.  This one?  Not one.  The only reason I will contemplate buying it is that I think Chris Broderick is the best guitar player they have had and that someone has to support their tour and families.  Put another album out like this and I won't be so nice.
1,The vinyl was apparently in a place with heat or maybe came out of the factory, so I did the album with a ripple on average, is audible but tends to want to jump the barb of the turntable. As I live in South America and I use a postcode in Miami (USA); I will be unable to claim an exchange or a refund.
1,This CD on the Collectables Record label contains the two albums released by this band in 1966. As The Hullabaloos, the band existed for about two and half years, but was initially formed as Ricky Knight and the Crusaders in Hull, a city in northern England in late 1964. In point of fact, it was the city's name that begat the group name. The band itself was not a "manufactured" band per se, but rather a genuine group who were signed to Columbia in the UK and Roulette in the USA. At the same time, it seems certain the US label saw the members as parts of a device for selling records with which they could do as they pleased. I don't know who suggested the dyed blond hair, which presaged a similar action by The Police. Nor do I know if the hair led to the recording contract or the record label ordered it. I suggest it was the latter.		The music is a mix of Buddy Holly covers and lower-tier Brill Building material. The recording quality is very good and the performances quite polished. On the other hand, the music is a bit dated and out of touch for 1966, a year that saw The Beatles release `Revolver.' To be honest, it's typical of the scores knock-off LPs that came out after February 9, 1964 that sought to take advantage of the buying public's seemingly unquenchable desire for anything British.		I can't recommend it.
1,My favorite Hendrix concert, bar none -- but what a terrible job Alan Douglas did when editing this concert. Half the songs aren't there, and the ones that are, are all chopped down by the edge of Alan's hand.	Wait till "Blue Wild Angel" is released (November 12th, 2002). It contains most of the songs in their original order (the ones not included were not filmed). Also, a double disc set featuring EVERY song from the concert makes its North American debut November 12th, as well. Check the "Experience Hendrix" website for more info.
1,Not what i expected , i like bubble puppy and the frantics  way better.
1,This sophomore collection holds no comparison to the more influential Nuggets collections-- Nuggets: Original Artyfacts from the First Psychedelic Era, 1965-1968; or Nuggets II: Original Artyfacts from the British Empire and Beyond. Those two box sets highlighted some unknown and early punk and pop rock influences and proved as influential as Harry Smith's folk collection. Not so here. I counted about an 1/8th of the songs decent, but have to ask how often will you return to these novelties? Not much.
1,I think this marks a point in Queensreich's career that says they have gone past the point of no return.  What stands out to me as terrible isn't the direction the band has gone or even say the choice of songs for this tribute (not a great list by any means) but more so that the band just sounds like crap.  Geoff's voice has consistency of a dying cat.  I don't know what the cause of that is but it appears either the production is lacking or they're senile.  The only time I've ever heard Dio's voice sound like crap was on their Mindcrime II and he's never sounded like crap recorded, ever.  I suppose if you like they're material since empire than you'll like anything so please go ahead and buy this, for the rest of us please stay clear of this horrible mess.  The worst part of the digital age is that after buying it you couldn't throw it in the fire, all you could do is delete it which gives very little satisfaction, certainly not worth the price of purchase.
1,I agree with everybody that hates D4L. Actually I am a fan of anybody who hates D4L because they listen to good music. D4L is a BIG disgrace to hiphop and 'Laffy Taffy', 'Betcha Can't Do It Like Me' are amoung the worst songs. Don't waste your time with this at all. This CD shouldn't have been released to the public ears. Needs work...MAJOR work.
1,The CD is truly bad . . . beginning with the corny opening cut. The song choices are lame, mainly covers by other fine singer/songwriters.		The sound quality is supposed to be clever or whatever, but it sounds like Neil locked himself in a bathroom with his guitar and harp and just noodled away.		Sorry, Neil, I can't let you slip by with this minimal effort.
1,More nice melodies, and then an all-thumbs attempt to be "political" and throw everything from "homophobe" to "corporate cronies" into a song. No sense of submission to rhythm, melody, nor rhyme. Given the political divide, I'm sure this gets hoot and hollers from the "hurray for our side" folks. Let's all hope Amazon keeps its reviews for another 50 years, for I guarantee that we will look back at Bush with gratitude for seeing the threats and meeting them like a man, and a "man of God."
1,Sometimes amateurish means bad.
1,Eddie Vedder should sue Scott whatsisname for likeness rights.  Have you seen the "My Own Prison" video?  It's like he's wearing a Vedder Halloween costume for Karaoke night.		This whole album is just regurgitated grunge with pseudo-spiritual lyrics from one of the most self-righteous dorks ever to grace TRL.		If you want a good hard Christian rock band, check out the incredibly underrated King's X.		If you want the real thing as far as grunge goes, stick with the original brand and by a Pearl Jam CD.		If you actually find something even remotely genuine or original on this album, by all the other Creed discs, 'cause its all more of the same.  And I pity you, I really really do.
1,For a hardcore fan - or someone who just happens to own every song done by the group - this will prove as useful as a screen door on a submarine as they already have all the songs.  It would be only for the PDF features or just the sake of having it in their collection that they may pick it up.  Perhaps if a remix, video version, interview or a "behind the scenes" track or two were included then that may have some pull but alas, this is pretty much a no-frills quick-buck product.  Now for someone who may have liked only what they heard on the radio but would not buy the albums or for someone who may be new to hearing the group's music, well then this would be ideal.
1,Boy, I loved Rubens voice on AI, he was really the Velvet Teddy Bear! I picked him to be one of the finalists. He sounded so soulful on the show. The songs he sang were great for his beautiful voice. Now as for his album, Im really hurt, where is that great voice.  My favorite song on that cd continues to be Flying without wings, because thats the Ruben I know and love, I had wished he had more songs like that, pure R&B. Ruben, I miss your beautiful voice.
1,This review is for the "import" Hallmark CD with comparisons to the original Columbia LP.		As a kid back in the late fifties and early sixties, this album, HELL BENT FOR LEATHER by Frankie Laine, found its way into our kiddie record collection that was full of 45s and few of these bigger LPs. I'm pretty sure the copy we must have had was a mono version - it didn't much matter as we didn't have a stereo record player. Anyway, it did get played a lot on that old suitcase-style phonograph that we had down in our basement, and as such, it became ingrained in our brains - certainly mine.		I hadn't thought about the record much over the years and haven't a clue where it ended up. Something in the past year stirred up some of these memories and I decided to seek out the original. I found this CD from Hallmark, listed as an import on the Amazon listing and ultimately made a purchase. I don't think it was an Amazon purchase though, but I did get the Hallmark version.		What a disappointment it turned out to be. First off, the term Hallmark tends to connote the giant greeting-card company and its reputation for high-quality, and that's unfortunate. It turns out that "Hallmark" in the UK is a budget division within the already-budget label of Pickwick, and as with all early recordings of this era, the copyrights are no longer in force in the UK. So ANYONE can issue a CD of these recordings and legitimately sell them. It would seem that Hallmark got hold of an old mono LP and transferred those recordings to their own CD and THAT is what you'll get if you buy this.		Even the packaging screams "cheap" at you if you know what to look for. The disc itself is plain black with the title and artist in a somewhat fuzzy font and then some fuzzy logos below for Hallmark, mcps, and Compact Disc. The insert has a lesser version of the original cover art with the printing in all black instead of the rust color of the original and cheap, promotional pictures of other albums from the label inside and a rather plain track listing on the back cover.		Unsatisfied, I ate the cost of CD, chalked it up to poor judgement on my part, and filed it away on the shelf. I should have known better. Even listening to videos on the web made with the old stereo LP, I could hear that there was much better sound quality in the grooves of old records. Thus began my quest for a used copy of the LP and once it arrived, I undertook my own restoration process to yield a far-superior CD-R than what is being offered here. Now I listen to my own CD-R when I want to relive the old days and this great old album.		I understand that there's another version out on CD from Collectables as a two-fer with another LP. I've not heard that one, but my gut tells me that it might be better than the Hallmark CD. And since my own LP restoration turned out so great, I have no need for further investigation.
1,Rather than trying to capture some semblance of a story relevant to the original context in which the album was written, and any possible narrative intent on the part of the composers, this play awkwardly forces a classic album through the lens of a very contemporary world view in the 21st Century.  Instead of mining for the timeless themes intrinsic to the album, from the first words of the introduction, we are given a laundry list of currently popular political and pseudo-scientific dogma which already sounds more dated than the album itself.  A truly great album with something to say to every generation is trivialized by this self-indulgent and shallow treatment.
1,IMHO just not as good as what have heard--and did not know the titles.
1,Static-X originally built themselves on a foundation of being a really different type of band. Sonic assult of noise put to kickin' disco beats, interesting samples and some really odd vocal styles(half way between the Cookie Monster and a automation). And despite it's complete inane sound, I enjoyed Wisconson Death Trip very much but I can't say the same for Machine. As Machine shows very little evolution in sound and style.	Vocals are a bit different this time around. Where as I previously mentioned Wayne's voice being this odd concoction, this time around it just seems like straight up cookie monster vocals. For me, growling just doesn't do it for me anymore. Content with this, Wayne practically uses the same vocal hooks and jabs that he used with his first album. Making this really tiresome.	Musically, very little has changed. A little bit more keyboard heavy this time around(similar to that Spineshank, which I think is more enjoyable group than Static-X) but still riding around one and two chord songs. The only difference between this and WDT is that Koichii played highier end sound and Wayne played lower end chords, Wayne and that new guy from Dope("repulsive" is the descriptive word for Dope) play mostly the same chords. It doesnt do anything for me and begs the question: if you got rid of one of the guitarists, would it make a difference? I'm not gonna even bother talking about Tony, who doesn't even seem audible on this recording.	There are some bright spots to this CD. A few songs are quite catchy and have a great sense of rhythm(this is do in no small part to Ken. Who I'd have to say is the real talent in the band. Unless Wayne can prove me otherwise). Permanence and Black and White are good tracks. and Machine makes for a great CD to listen to in the car, where subtitly isn't nesecessary.	But overall, I'm still disapointed. I think they had a really opertunity to reinvent themselves with this album. But instead they continue to force feed the same stuff over and over again. If you want my advice, pick up a copy of Spineshank's Height Of Callousness or Fear Factory's Obsolete. Both are much better choices if you want this type of thing. Otherwise, I suggest you steer clear. You won't be missing anything.
1,I had high hopes for this series when it first came out.  However, upon purchasing the first four volumes, I was very disappointed, and I will not be buying any further volumes.		As another reviewer has pointed out, the song "Supersonic" by JJ Fad was taken off of a vinyl record.  He wasn't exaggerating about the poor sound quality.  The record they used for this one sounds like it was very worn, while I have two or three other CDs where this song has no crackles or record noise whatsover.  This is a common theme that shows up throughout the series, and in fact, volume one has another track from vinyl: "Rockin' It."  It's not as bad sounding as "Supersonic," but you can still hear the vinyl noise if listening on a good sound system.		The second problem with this series, as other reviewers have pointed out, is the editing.  While I personally have no problem listening to (and often times prefer) the clean versions, the producers of this series have not taken the time to track down the ORIGINAL clean versions of these tracks.  Instead, they have used an explicit album version and "reversed" the objectionable words.  While volume one doesn't have too many of these "reversed" edits (only "La Di Da Di"), volume three, for instance, has practically half of the AMG song playing backwards.  It would've made much more sense either to put a PA sticker on the album or to have chosen a different track.		My last issue with the series, although minor, is the random order of the tracks.  It would've been nice to see chronological order across the entire series, or at least on each disc.  Also, there doesn't seem to be much rhyme or reason as to why each track was selected.  On this first installment, we get "Hey Ladies" followed by "South Bronx" followed by "Egypt Egypt."  Admittedly, randomness can be fun while playing your iPod on shuffle mode; however, I like listening to albums that flow well.  I want to know that the producer put some throught into the album and didn't just throw a bunch of random songs on the disc.		Overall, it sounds like someone came up with a great idea (this series), but rushed putting it together and made several goof-ups.  Given more time and thought this series could've been a 5/5.
1,I've heard nothing but great things about this record.  But after five listens, the appeal completely escapes me.	I'm not saying it's a bad record.  But it's not connecting with me.
1,I just saw priest with the newly reformed Halford at the OC Fair on August 5th and now I understand why after hearing the Live Priest album Meltdown as to why they were bad with Ripper Owens - Halfords voice is a 4+ Octave Voice and that is why he is a LEGEND. He sounded that good even in his younger days.		 I even got the Live DVD of Meltdown and there is no comparison. Fer cryin' out loud he was in a Priest COVER BAND. His vocal capabilities were not the same.
1,The music was too worldly it didn't remind me of church music
1,Not the Ting tings we knew.... I was waiting for a "that's not my name beat" or something as supper catchy as fruit machine but nope... Hung it up and soul killing are the good ones on my opinion. To sad, I'll make sure to listen to the so gs before buying the album. Just because you loooove the artist it doesn't mean is going to be as awesome ad the previous one.
1,SORRY!!
1,After reading all the reviews of this album, one would be lead to believe that upon the first few listens, this would be a great album.  Please, do not be tricked.  Monotonous song structures, repetitive lyrics, and an unexpected country twang prove this album to be a let down.  It blows my mind that this is the first review that isn't giving the album ridiculous amounts of praise.
1,Worst remastering of a major release I've heard in a while, this deluxe edition has the benefit of two discs of b-sides, live tracks and some nice packaging.		Was remastering engineer Ian Cooper asleep when they remastered these? The original CDs never sounded great but this is practically unlistenable.
1,Of course Clive and Cowell are championing her - they paid for her, they signed her, they brought in anyone who has sold anything lately to dream up hooks and sounds and pumped up the drum machines.  More whining and emoting and warbling and there is nothing new here.  Jewel has a better voice and Avril rocks harder and both of them have more sincere, serious  or fun lyrics.		This music is homogenized and streamlined for mass appeal.  She'll be a model full time before too long selling perfume, and good for her for the success (seriously - she's working the system).  But people you are being manipulated by mega corporations and this is their product and their vision (not hers) for mass appeal music that will sell the most.		No Simon it's not hard to crack the US Charts when you have the entire industry from print to news and television and all the top dogs and entertainment outlets promoting and playing the music over and over and over again.  It's a formula my young friends and there are a lot more original artists out there that deserve your hard earned dollars.  It's a profit driven industry and big corporate media giants have decided this is the safest way to spend their investment dollars.  Explore the unknowns and take a pass on whatever the coordinated media conglomerates are pushing on you.		It's all an effort to extract the most amount of money out of the most amount of people and for one product.  It has nothing to do with honesty, originality or well played or well written lyrics, songs and music.  It has nothing to do with art and artists and everything to do with mass media conglomeration, advertising, and hype.		Find a local college radio station to hear the real music before big business takes over all the airways - or hit the search button on your satellite radio and explore everything.  Make it your own not what someone else tells you is cool.  If the music speaks to you and is honest, not gimmicky or aimed at the lowest common denominator go for it enjoy it and see them live in a small club.  That's the real grass roots music scene.  Always has been always will be.  Think for yourself.  This is just all marketing based on product testing and past unit sales generated by coordinated hype in an effort to separate you from your money as quickly as possible.  There's no integrity here the sounds from this disc are about money.
1,Like many folks who own this CD I suppose, I got this on the strength of the single "In The Meantime". Well, I just dusted off the album after letting it age for a couple years, and I have to say it's totally average and unimpressive. These guys are, <ahem>, not exactly brimming with originality or creativity, simply solid musicians who had a few ideas, a good producer, and an inability to hide - or depart from - their obvious musical influences. The Bowie-esque vocals on most songs (especially "In The Meantime"), the lyric lines and ideas lifted from Bowie's "Space Oddity" in "Spacehog", the Stones'"sympathy for the devil" hoo-hoo's on "Never Coming Down Part I", and the Simon and Garfunkel - sounding "To Be A Millionaire" are just some of the blatantly derivative touches gracing this ho-hum collection of tunes. Life's simply too short to listen to CD's such as this, when there are so much better things to listen to - like the original Bowie, Stones, Simon and Garfunkel, etc! (Or standouts in any other musical genre for that matter.) Let this sleeping pig lie.
1,Awful
1,Yes, the much maligned No Boundaries is exactly as people say it is. When you can tell just from the song samples, it's probably even worse in full length. I hope one day, the only decent song on here, #10 Natural Woman is added to some newly discovered Eva music that seem to turn up every few years. These songs do not sound at all like the Eva we know and love.
1,This album is full of crappy new pop choruses for the new millennium kids. Not his old school fans. This guy is 40 years old and is still complaining and using offensive language, proving to everybody just how much of a homophobe he is. Em can be so much better than this, there is no songs on here with any real meaning that we know he can pull off. Wheres Dre, Snoop, Obie? Instead we get Rhianna, Skylar Grey and other crappy artists, if you want to call them that.	He does still prove to be a great rapper, but he's better than this.	Here are some songs worth listening to.	I will never get another Em album ever. He's a wash.		- So Much Better	- So Far	- Evil Twin	- Legacy	- Rap God		Here are some Hip-Hop albums you should own instead of Eminems garbage		- The Roots, Things Falling Apart	- GZA, Liquid Swords	- Talib Kweli, Quality	- Raekwon, Only Built For Cuban Links	- Beastie Boys, Check Your Head	- Mos Def, Black On Both Sides	- Wu-Tang Clan, Enter The 36 Chambers	- Hell Razah, Heaven Razah
1,This is a redneck album, fueled by Zakk Wylde's racist beliefs. Anyone who gives this album more than one star is racist. btw, this is a miserable album.		Highlight: Your trailer park neighbourhood wouldnt mind it even at high volume.
1,Don't go changing.........after 10 years of first class recordings, Supernova falls short of what Ray is capable of and barely merits the two stars I gave it. In a recent interview he was quoted as saying that he's not a soul singer and this CD sadly mirrors that statement. I'm not sure what this CD is. Musical artists are often called on the carpet for doing the same thing time and again, but when they do something different are often criticized for that as well. So it's often a no win situation...and Supernova is just that! Hopefully we'll see the real Ray on his next effort. It should also be noted that a great deal of what's wrong with this CD is within the production, which is all over the place. Not sure there will be much airplay for this collection and sales are not likely to be in line with previous releases, so RCA will likely try to get him back on the right side of the road. Let's hope so. This guy represents a unique musical voice that should have lots more to give.
1,I was very disapointed with this CD and i think it sounds too...plastic. Very much west-coast club scene.	Way too fast and not enough spirit behind the music. If you want good techno, look elsewhere!	If you just want some booty-shakin, hip-grinding club beats, then this is certainly for you.	Not my bag, but to each their own.
1,Boring--just 'cause they had JPJ of Zep work with them does not give it the updraft needed to call this a SUPERGROUP.		111 aug/10---had another listen---even more bored than at first---completely disposable tunes.
1,The result of a contest given by Beatport and Paul van Dyk himself, Hands on in Between is a double-disc set of the trance producer's admirers putting their hands all over his 2007 comeback album In Between. It isn't a new idea--Radiohead and Nine Inch Nails beat him to the punch--but the intentions are good, and as solid as In Between turned out to be, its surface was so blank that injecting some new juice into it was practically a necessity. It's also refreshing to hear from producers far outside the sphere of stardom, especially since most of those who listen to Mr. van Dyk regularly aren't apt to pay attention to anyone less famous than, say, DJ Rap.		So how do these mixes stack up? Obviously the quality varies from track to track, as is the case with remix albums in general. For example, Super8 & Tab's reworking of "New York City" is just the ticket, with a gripping fade-in, a lot more protein in the synthesizers, and an awesomely glittery dnouement. Then there's the Tyler Michaud remix of "Haunted", which excises the Insides-style beat that made the original so sexy and replaces it with a dumb trance thud. But the biggest sticking point with Hands on in Between isn't that there are too many losers; it's that the producers sound deathly afraid of doing anything unique with the material. That could be because they're fans who would rather pay homage to their hero's music than risk screwing it up, but still, why would anyone pay $11.99 to hear "Castaway" with slightly higher compression, or "Complicated" with a bit less melody, or "Detournement" a half-step too slow, other than to support the artists personally? Van Dyk has taken commendable measures to move away from trance as we know it on his last couple of records, but his remixers are setting him back with overdrive clichs and stale mixer tricks van Dyk himself patented over a decade ago. The concept behind Hands on in Between is excellent; the actual music is not. Completists, you have been warned.		(This was published in PopMatters on 5/1/09)
1,Chris Brown's previous albums were trash, why bother even making another one?  This one was just as bad as the others and i keep getting the feeling that they will just keep on getting worse.  If you didn't like Chris before, you definitely won't like Chris now.
1,I've tried to like this several times during my life (about every 5-10 years) and have failed miserably each time.  I've probably bought this 3-4 times and sold it quickly 3-4 times.  I finally realized it is just not good.  Generally just a bunch of noise.  The live stuff is ok.  Hard to beleive this band could come up with the classics DSOTM, WYWH, Animals, The Wall etc. later in their career.  Unfortunately this is unlistenable garbage.
1,Don't buy this. Don't even give a copy to anyone you know. This is a prime example of the British boy bands......the bland leading the bland.
1,Dire Straits were a very talented band who made some decent music.  Unfortunately this collection leaves off two of their strongest songs, "Skateaway" and "Industrial Disease" (three, if you count "Solid Rock") - and even more outrageous is the editing out the second verse of "Money For Nothing."  No warning on the label?  Big-time cave-in to the evil forces of political correctness!		A better introduction to the band would be to just buy the album "Making Movies."  They haven't made a decent greatest hits collection for Dire Straits, and they probably never will :(
1,I love dub but this is pretty boring dub - not worth the anticipation after all of the other good reviews.
1,I am a great fan of Sinopoli's outstanding "Salome". Here, as in that earlier recording, he displays an excellent feel for the nuances in Strauss's score and manages to present beautiful interplays of the dense orchestral textures of this most demanding work. In this manner, he completely outclasses the exciting but less nuanced Solti version, which sounds like an overdriven truck in comparison. He is also helped by the incandescent textures of the Viennese strings and the warm, spacious, expensive-sounding acoustics.	Where this recording falls flat is in the vocal casting. The Golden Age of Singing is long dead, and the flawed efforts of the principal lady singers support this truth. Thanks to digital wizardry, the one-size-too-small voice of Marc is recorded so close up as to imbue her weak vocals with an imaginary power and incisiveness (which never were there). Truth be told, she cannot carry off this role in the actual opera-house convincingly and that goes for Voight too.	Also, as no one else seemed to have mentioned, the traditional cuts have been made, unlike the Solti and the Sawallisch. This is bad news for those wanting a full version, but good news for Marc --- who would have been embarassed much further had she been required to do the entire taxing monologue in the confrontation scene between Elektra and her mother. No amount of digital splicing and tinkering by the DG engineers could save Marc from embarassment had the full monologue been included.	If you just want a single version of Elektra, the Solti or the Sawallisch is the way to go. If you are in love with this opera and want all available CDs of it, then this recording recommends itself --- if only for Sinopoli's exemplary conducting.
1,These two masses are magnificent works, but this interpretation leaves much to be desired. Let me first acknowledge that nobody in the world sings this repertoire with better intonation or crisper entries than the Tallis Scholars (they are helped in this by the relatively dry acoustic that they record in). But it has always seemed to me that the Tallis Scholars are so overwhelmed by their perfect intonation that they feel they can stop there, and this disk is a case in point. Let me enumerate what I think are some of this recording's failings:		Tempi: There is little variation in the tempi chosen by Phillips for the various sections of these masses.	Dynamics: These singers have been trained to sing with relatively little variation in volume, and since phrasing is really dependent on variation in volume, well.....	Sound Structure: This is a top-down recording, with the music transposed up to fit the best-sounding part of the sopranos' range, and the sopranos then dominating the texture. These masses, like almost all of Josquin's sacred music, should really be constructed from the tenor outwards.	Musica Ficta: Phillips is terribly conservative when it comes to applying musica ficta in Josquin's cadential formulas, perhaps in order to make the music sound more modal or "medieval".		In short, this interpretation turns Josquin's masses into lovely late-Medieval background music. There will never be a wrong note or an exciting climax to distract you from whatever else you are doing....
1,This record is an embarassment to own.  I wish I could give it zero stars.  Some of the songs are so childish that the point is completely lost.  These guys seem completly torn between thier influences (lyrically  speaking, thier musical influences are all too obvious).  I wish these guys  all the best in their careers, but please, for the sake of good taste, do  not buy this album.
1,I think this song is absolutely pathetic, it's boring slow beat is annoying and not worth listening to. The lyrics are pathetic and stupid. This song is a joke and it went to number one, people try hard to get into the charts,Afro Man has just realised this song for a joke. The rubbish lyrics,bass and drum beat are dissapointing.
1,I wished those who rave about this recording would have said: "this is not your average sounding Broadway show."  I would have saved my money. Now, if you like hard, acidic rock of industrial nature, aggresive and without much good melody, this is definitely for you.  For me it is Kurt Weill on speed and without the tunes.	PS: I wished that those who write reviews remember that the main purpose is to "help others make a decision" and include these caveats. Unfortunately, so many seem to do it to pursue their own frustrated ego trip.  So here it is a warning for those who like intelligent music and lyrics a-la-Sondheim: proceed carefully.
1,This is a terrible excuse for a Triumph album.  The worst, most generic piece of junk ever put out under that name.	Rik Emmitt is sorely missed, and this album drowns in mediocrity without his presence.	I gave this cd away, I hated it so much.  One would hope they could at least live up to a song like "Follow Your Heart" from Thunder 7 (which only used Rik a little bit), but they cannot even muster a song close to that on this dreadful waste of recording materials.		If I could give it a ZERO I would.		AVOID, if you liked any other Triumph album.
1,This is a mixture of funny, inhumane, and plain out stupid. The only songs from this that are listenable to me are "311 Sucks" and "Kyle from Incantation has a Moustache." If you want something more offensive though, download their It Just Gets Worse album. Download it illegally so Seth Putnam won't get any money for rent because he doesn't deserve it. Damn racist, Anti-Semitic, Sexist creep. Instead of this, listen to Six Feet Under, Cannibal Corpse (anything with Chris Barnes), and Hatebreed just because Seth hates Chris Barnes and Jamey Jasta. Someone should so write a song called "Seth Putnam sucks."
1,I have heard Richard Thompson albums that I loved, but this is not one of them.  He sounds as though he's venting his anger, which I don't need in my life.  My CD has ten cuts, not nine as in the track listing, and my songs are in a different order.  Tracks 6 through 8 sound like noise--I could not bear to listen all the way through.  Furthermore, the lyrics are not pronounced clearly, so hearing them is a waste of time.  Simply unlistenable.
1,After being brought up on the motion picture soundtrack of Grease, it was kind of hard to get used to the Broadway stylings of the music. At first, I didn't like it one bit. I discarded the CD as soon as possible. But then an interest in theatre and Broadway grew in me, and I decided to give this CD a listen. Although I still do not find it as a great listen, I did begin to like it more than I used to.	 What really threw me off was the voice stylings here. They're a bit off. Like an earlier reviewer mentioned, the Sandy was a bit Rizzo, and Rizzo was a bit Sandy. I did find it kind of neat when I found out that Barry Bostwick (Rocky Horror) was the Danny here. He faired well, but still, like the rest of the cast and company, he was a bit off.	 I look at this CD as the originic beginning of the Grease phenomena. But it goes low on my list of favorite Grease recordings.
1,I have tried again to listen to this, and I still find it nearly unlistenable. And I like Skinny Puppy, Zoviet France and Pauline Oliveros.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Tarkus-Deluxe-Edition/dp/B008FPZQRO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Tarkus (Deluxe Edition)</a>
1,In a number of instances, local councils are playing classical music in public places to stop teenagers from milling about, particularly after night. It is proving to be surprisingly effective even if there is a limit to what it can do to curb the waywardness of youth. Why so? Classical music - and I pick this up from my own kids - is considered to be effeminate, enfeebling and downright prissy. On pain of death, I am told to turn down Mozart whenever we enter a drive-through or stop at the lights where pedestrians are nearby.		We come to the disc in question. The Product Description tell us: "The maturity and wisdom harvested from a lifetime of making music on the highest levels ennobles Maestro Abbado's leadership. The sublime simplicity of their performance of the Brandenburg Concertos illuminates the complexities of Bach's incomparable demonstration of the unity of Logic and Love."		Dammit, I have the stuffing: where is that Thanksgiving Turkey when I need it?		This music means something. It has stature. For the receptive listener, other vistas arise and not least the close of the Fifth Concerto's allegro where one senses that the hour-glass is running out for Time itself which in any event is tired of being and longs for oblivion. It is not there to titillate. It deserves a better fate than to be glorified lift-muzak.		As I hear it, there is no sense here that Bach is addressing the grandeur and tragedy of life. Niceness is regnant. One of Abbado's systemic weaknesses is his inability to 'bet the house' (he might be able to do it in Mahler - I would not know); there is more evidence here.		Refinement and civility will only get you so far in BWV 1046 - 1051. While Abbado adopts the mannerisms of period practice - a threadbare orchestra, clipped phrasing and zilch vibrato - he lacks the potency of its best practitioners (and in passing, it sounds like he is using 430HZ - I stand to be corrected - rather than the Full Monty of 410HZ). The Harnoncourt from 1964 might have been our first glimpse of the Wild Man of Borneo but at least he is passionate about the Brandenburgs - hooray for a visceral response (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Bach-Brandenburg-Concertos/dp/B000000SID/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Bach: Brandenburg Concertos</a>). Likewise these miraculous works are played gutsily by&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Bach-Brandenburg-Concertos-Il-Giardino-armonico/dp/B000000SRC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Bach - Brandenburg Concertos / Il Giardino armonico</a>. A comparison with&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Bach-Brandenburg-Concertos-Freiburg-Baroque-Orchestra/dp/B00005NFZS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Bach - Brandenburg Concertos / Freiburg Baroque Orchestra</a>&nbsp;also broadcasts how ennervating Uncle Claudio is.		This survey is not without its uses. Here in Australia, the summer is past, the harvest is over and we are not saved. Yep, it's bogan breeding time (bogans = yokels = red-necks). Inflammed by the heat and cheap booze, there's sure to be an infestation next summer. As a rate-payer, I intend to set up a perimeter defence at the local shopping mall, using this recording as the main deterrent.  Under the circumstances, it'll be more potent than a bowie knife.
1,Not sure if this is a pop or country album. Alot of "filler" songs on here. Major disappointment.
1,I would normally give this zero stars, but I have always loved The Cookie Monster from Sesame Street TV show. I give him mad props for trying out vocals on a metal band, but I think he is better off doing TV shows for kids.
1,I am goin' against everybody here, I just don't like this cd and I gave it to a friend of mine.  The title track (part II) is the only one that I can listen too, but not too often.  Sorry everybody, but I can't rate it as a five stars album just because everybody did.
1,This CD sucks. I didn't like it at all. If I could go back, I wouldn't have bought it at all.
1,This is the female version of Eamon's big hit, but it's not as strong. You don't hear the singer's emotions and it's been produced like a quick shot.
1,Let me first say that I have loved Dwele since his first album. The love affair followed into the sophomore album....and has now come to a screeching halt for his junior release. From his vocal displays, to his writing, to the production, to the instruments, to the themes and concepts, I see no growth. This is like the melting pot of his first two albums which were blended, brought to a boil, drained, and laid out to dry- dry being the operative word in this analogy. Nothing about the first few tracks encouraged me to continue listening to this album. If this were his first album, I would have received it better, but the first album was so much fresher and livelier. I really want to give this album another shot, but I can't seem to remember where the album may be. While I look for the album I will try to encourage myself to listen with a less critical ear.
1,This is definitely not the very best of Fleetwood Mac-what happened to the pre 1975 catologue of songs.		Totally misnomed
1,I won't say that they sold out, not at all, but they changed their style very much from the previous record, might be some sort of maturation process who knows.		In short, this CD is not worth buying. The only 3 good songs on this CD are Same direction, The Reason, and Unaffected. That's it. Nothing more. I know what you're thinking, no don't listen to it. Instead if you have to have some of the songs download them for 99 cents each. The music in most of these songs is just goddamn awful (sorry for the politically incorrect word). The guitar riffs and the melodies are just crappy.		I admit that Hoobastank is a talented band, but with this showing they took a step back. I hope they rebound quickly and fairly well.		That's my two cents.
1,I had forgotten completely about the title track until I saw Arrested Development. It was the episode where Gob was attempting to be buried in a trick casket. This was preceded by "The Final Countdown" and some dancing; F-ing brilliant.		I found a copy of this tape for like 50 cents. It was worth every penny.		The best thing to do is listen to, like, the first minute and 12 seconds of "The Final Countdown", rewind, and do it all over again...
1,Wasssyuup! This is the one and only E-Man(The Southerner)	and I know whats up with ole Jon boy Taylor has used other re-	views for his reviews look at the first "Along Came a Spider"	review and tell me what you see. Ok, now to the soundtrack,I	am a big Goldsmith fan and I burned two ten bills on it.	First, it sounds cheap. Secondly, it all sounds the same. Thirdly, it gets old real fast. Fourth, after a month you just don't want to listen to it. If you want a good Goldsmith score, get "Air Force One", "Along Came a Spider", "Star Trek:" 1,5,8,9---they are GREAT!! This is NOT!!! This is NOT!!NOT!!!NOT!!!.
1,We miss Leslie Phillips when she shared her faith through her artistic talents. This is a disappointment.
1,I'm sorry...is this heavy metal? I don't think so. If these guys do heavy metal, then Yanni does gangsta rap. Fred Durst's ego is much bigger than his music, a facade which cannot hide otherwise repetitive and silly  lyrics. How these guys made it #1 on the music charts, I will never know.  It's always those number one hit singles...like Nookie. If that song (or  any thereof) had meaning, I wouldn't be so negative. But trying to make an  intellectual statement out of them is like turning a Dr. Seuss book into a  rocket science manual. A good little dose of Slipknot should wash away the  stench of Bizkit from all infected parties.
1,I didn't know cohen as a performer before I heard this piece of trash, and I never want to hear him again. Even sadder is the fact that I did like some of the songs he wrote back in the 60s or 70s, but based on this cd, I doubt he's capable of creating anything of that caliber again. The songs aren't just bad, they're "I want to smash the cd with a hammer" bad. He got the arrangements he deserved.
1,Not the WAR you're looking for.  Lonnie is the only original member and I get it.  He no longer has to share the spotlight and now its his band.  The songs are lightweight and not even close to what Lonnie is capable of.  It's better, but not by much, than WAR Declares RAP.  That's why it gets two stars and not one.  It will be a great day when all the surviving members (touring as lowrider band) realize they're not getting any younger and make another true WAR album.
1,I don't know how to catogorize this guy or where he fits in between Otis Redding and the Four Tops, but I guess he is in there somewhere."Slip Away" is pretty cool. Other than that I really don't have too much to say about this one other than everytime I hear "Patches" I turn it up as loud as possible so that it irritates the people around me. When he starts talking, I can't keep a straight face. It is just too much. "....and then the rains came and washed all the crops away". Laudy, Laudy...what's we gonna do....?
1,Fun, easy, and sort of melodic.  If you have high standards in Pop, and like masters like Abba who wrote such perfect pop melodies, you may not like this though.  It is too dancy and bubble gummy.  After a few listens, all the songs sound the same and they do not last.  If you like Ibiza type music or even Aqua, then give it a try.
1,I nearly threw up after listening to this garbage. After hearing him repeat his name for so many times I swear I felt dizzy. Repeating your name so many times won't make me buy your album Mike. His rap flow is weak and his ridiculous repetition of his name isn't necessary. Back then is pretty cool but the chorus is lame. ohh and not to mention when he opens his mouth every single time to show us his bling. Every other rapper has a gold grill in there trap,you aint the only one, its not impressing. Get some lypo instead.. it will do u better. Someone give me some Haterade, quick! I just hated a whole lot.
1,Isnt anyone else just sick and tired of her yet? She cant sing, no really SHE CANT SING!!!! All she can successfully do is shake her a$$ but even that is getting old.	Im so tired of all this Britney hype and how anybody can spend money on her cd's is just beyond me.	She reminds me of Paula Abdul, not a good voice, a few catchy tunes and creative videos. But now can I listen to those cd's? Heck no, her voice sounds like Betty Boop. As does Britneys. Im so tired of non talented little girls flaunting around like hookers getting paid to shake their a##.	Please wake up people and stop buying her stuff, lets just let her career die.
