0,Fits phone perfectly and protects very well.  Great selle, great deal.
0,Love it
0,Love this case
0,Looks good
0,I love this little charm! It is so cute! It took about 2 weeks to get and was very inexpensive.  It is pretty sparkly too which you never know what you will get when you order inexpensive fake gems and metals-but this is great! I am ordering a couple more as backups cuz it's just so darn cute!
0,I really like this case. It's just like the case I had for my iPhone 5s made by ulak. It fits the same and feels the same. Nice case.
0,Great so far; exactly as described!
0,Nice case, good quality, I really like it ty :)
0,This little gadget is great for using the navigation on my iPhone as my car does not have a built in nav system.
0,My daughter loves it
0,Love this case. It has a nice look and good grip
0,excellent
0,My wife is happy with this phone... berry fast, good camara... 16gb space... no lag... exelent for the price... is unlocked.... berry please...This is just and update... My wife never had a smart phone before... main reason why i purches this divice.. at the beginning was hard like for everyone but now.. she feel berry please with the divice... this is a cheap.. and a good phone.. for any begginer... the camara quality is more them good.... and the soft of the phone... is berry stable... and no laggggg.... if you need a cheap phone... and whant your money to count... this is a good choice... i won't be deapoinmet... I just purches a secon one for a friend
0,Good quality.
0,In the box:	The product comes in a simple, tan box that says RAVPower on the sides and "Power To The People" on the top. Around the box, there is a removable sleeve that tells you what colors the product comes in and basic information about the product. When you open the box, the product is there wrapped in plastic. Underneath the product, you will find the warranty card, Thank you for your purchase card, and and a user manual.		First Impressions:	The product fits in my hand very well and it also feels very sturdy. The external battery I have is black with silver trim around it. The Oval on top of the battery that is cut into four sections are four lights that tell you how much battery is left on the product or how much the product has charged. The product has only one button on in that when pushed, makes the lights come on to show the battery percentage The external battery also has a built-in flashlight.		Review:	Great product! I like how compact and easy to carry this external battery is. This is great for someone who needs to charge their phone at least once a through the day. I have used this external battery to charge my Moto G 1st Gen from 0 to 100% and I still had 3 lights lit on the battery when the phone was fully charged. I was using my phone while it charged too! One unique feature this product has it that it does not have a power button. The battery starts to charge your phone when you plug it in and turns off when you disconnect your phone or hold the power indicator button while your phone is still connected. The battery takes about four to five hours to charge and it took about three to four hours to charge my Moto G from 0% to 100%. If your looking for a good quality, compact external battery, look no further and buy this one.		*Disclaimer*This product was sent to me for review by RavPower. My review depicts my unbiased opinion that I stand by 100%
0,I got this on a discount but I still would've paid full price for it, that's how easy it is to use and install this product. Its simple to install and has clear cut directions. It comes with a cleaning pad, a cleaning cloth, and transfer stickers. Great product!!
0,EDIT: Nov. 14, 2017: I've resorted to flashing the ROM.  It wasn't easy.  HTC actually has ROMs and tools to flash the phone, wherein you could supposedly flash the T-Mobile ROM (or other carriers) and have it work, but I kept getting the error that I did not have the correct ROM selected.  Ultimately I bought a tool to turn off security ("s-off") and was able to install the Google Play Edition of Android.  My messaging now gets pictures, I can create a hot-spot, the annoyances are gone.  I will repeat, this is a great phone for the money - hobbled by being "kind of" locked and tied to AT&T.  I don't regret it, but will warn anyone who wants to try it took hours of reading and downloading GBs of data to my PC - ROMs and tools, and nothing worked quite like described in all the posts that supposedly were walking you through it.  Not for the faint of heart, although knowing what I know now, I could probably do it in under an hour.		EDIT: Nov. 8 2017: I've also discovered that, in order to get voicemail, I have to re-enter my phone number every time.  Again, I think the phone is excellent; the seller (BREED) was deceptive by not telling people these are AT&T phones, were configured by AT&T (AT&T's "flavor" of Android), and that they will not work as expected on other networks.		EDIT: Nov. 6 2017: So now I've had this for a couple more days, and it gets worse.  I've selected T-Mobile as my provider, but every time I get to an area where there's no service (like deep in the bowels of the building I work in), it starts popping up the network provider screen, asking me to select one.  In addition to images not downloading through normal account messaging, I am unable to create a mobile hot-spot.  In short, if you don't have AT&T, don't get this phone (at least from Breed... there are other sellers, YMMV). In addition, it's got an AT&T logo on the back (NOT shown in the pictures) and the phone ID stickers are affixed to the back of the phone instead of on the box.  I think the phone may be used because of that, and the fact that the plastic peel off sheet that usually covers the screen was not there (the phone was otherwise in a protective pouch, and I did not see any other indications that the phone was used).		Again, the phone itself is great - that it's not really network "neutral" seems to be a problem.		ORIGINAL:		Yes - there are issues if you don't have AT&T as a carrier, but otherwise it's a great phone.		I have T-Mobile as my carrier, currently and, so far, this is my experience:		1) AT&T apps that you can't get rid of.		2) Mobile data did not work at all at first, I had to manually add an APN (google T-Mobile APN should get you on the right track).		3) Images don't want to download in messaging app.  I've tried an alternate message app (Google's "Messages," and it still doesn't work).		Ignoring the first one because I really just don't care, the second one was a minor pain that, once fixed, has been functioning OK since.		That last one is crucial.  Over the past few months, before getting this phone, I have been switching over to Google Voice.  I've had it for years, but was not actively using it until recently.  Using Google Voice, there is no problem with messaging at all - images come across just fine.  However, that's a might big work-around for some people, and if I hadn't already gotten most of my friends and family to start connecting to me though Voice, it would have been a big issue to not get images.		I also have an issue where, if I lose service (which I do deep in the bowels of the building where I work), it gets confused about which network to try to reconnect to, even though I've explicitly selected T-Mobile.  Not a huge issue - as soon as I'm back in an area with service, it's OK, but when it happens I could be playing a game or typing a message, and the phone pops up a screen to select a network provider.		The phone itself has been great, though.  I'm coming from a larger phone that made me realize I want a PHONE and not a tablet in my pocket.  It's still a good size, the display is pretty good - not UHD, but more than adequate for a screen this size.  Pictures are also pretty good - not the greatest.  The biggest plus for me is memory, because no matter how much Micro-SD you can add, there's always stuff that won't allow you to move it to the SD card and I run out of space with 8 or 16MB.		The mobile antenna must also be pretty good, because I'm more likely to get that one bar in my workplace where my other phone would never work (and the other phone I'm replacing is actually a newer phone, being released a full six months after the HTC was released).		It's got an actual headphone jack, and the charging port is SUPER tight.  Our other phones - Samsung and LG, the charging ports were quite loose by comparison, and if you used the phone while it was charging, that often led to problems, including wearing the tines on micro USB plug and causing charging problems.  I've had to buy many new USB cables over the years - they start off great, but eventually won't work with those phones.  This plug is so tight, I can't imagine it being a problem.		So if you don't need a "phablet," and you realize that spending $1000 on a phone that you'll likely replace in a couple of years is a waste of money, I think you could do a lot worse than this HTC.		I haven't had it long, but I will come back and edit this review if I encounter more problems.  So far, though, pretty happy after working around the problems.
0,A+
0,Excellent Bluetooth receiver. I use it at home with my LG soundbar and it gives an exceptional sound .  There is no connectivity loss within my apartment . I wanted something that could be plugged in permanently , this has given me no troubles at all. NFC pairing is also smooth
0,Great purchase
0,love this product soo much. It totally protected my iphone 6s screen and fit it very well. with this I can also use my 3d touch. review in exchange discount.
0,Great product. Great price. Shipped fast. Arrived fast. Described correct. Great seller. I recommend purchasing from them!
0,Long ass phone charging cord. Using it right now. Works great.
0,My husband got this to replace his original band that started breaking.  He had to take a couple of links out to get the right size.  But he really likes it.  He says it's comfortable and he thinks it looks nicer than the original band.
0,All very well
0,Pretty average USB cord - while the 90* angle is helpful at times, overall the cord has nothing that stands out from the competition. The cord tangles easily and is not very thick. For the price it's a fine value, but just not a stand out.
0,I've had this for two months and it's been great. It was easy to apply, fits perfectly, and doesn't have a single scratch on it. I've purchased many other cheaps screen protectors in the past, and they always scratched very quickly. This is totally worth the additional cost.
0,I love the way it looks, I hate the fact that I can't choose the color after the first time you enter the screen choice.	I also think it is a little costly but is not as sturdy as I would like.
0,In Love with this product. Free lifetime replacement. Can't be any happier.
0,I ordered this case because one of the reviewers, cannot remember the name of the person, suggested to buy to go along with my Trexcell extended battery and back cover I had purchased. So I did. Thank you!! Also, because it was made by the same company, I figured they will fit correctly. They do. Perfect fit with my extended battery and cover. It is a fingerprint magnet though, but it protects my phone very good. I dropped it in my kitchen, we have tile flooring, it hit pretty hard but my phone and the case did not show any damage.		I will add this tip, the headphone jack and charging ports are a bit smaller in size than other cases I had. I tried cutting them with an X-Acto knife with no luck. The case is really hard to cut through. I guess that is a great plus, given that I had such a hard time trying to modify it this way. Using my Dremel with a thin grinding stone attachment worked extremely well. I bore the ports a little bigger and now I have no issues with my charging cables or headphones.		Overall, for $9.99 total, if you have Prime account like I do, it is a great case. You cannot go wrong.
0,Bought this for my dad, fit perfectly with great design.
0,Very difficult to open my tablet and very difficult to remove the original battery but after struggling I did it and the battery is functioning well.
0,So far good
0,Great screen protector. Thicker than what I am use to but man it's nice.
0,Love it! Perfect protection for my phone.  Not too bulky.  Beautiful sheer pink color. Would definitely recommend this product to anyone.
0,Works great for a Samsung Galaxy Nexus phone with the extended battery.  I know these phones may be past their prime but it is a great phone with poor battery life unless you get an extended battery like the "Seidio BACY38SSGNLN-BK Innocell 3800mAh Super Extended Life Battery".		Pros:  The backs of the extended life batteries are flimsy and the tabs break off, this keeps that from happening.	  Protects the phone	  Looks good	  Feels good, rubberized, has a great grip	  Kickstand holds phone upright for conference calls or if you can actually see the movie to play on it.		Cons:  None that I can think of
0,Everything works as it should and I hope you do more biz, and satisfy more customers.  Thanks again and will buy again.
0,The power bank looks really nice, thin and solid. They do not include any charger, I have so many from all devices old and new, so it was not a problem. To charge it, you will need a 1A charger with a micro USB cable, and it also gives 1A charge.	The instructions say to charge it 7-8 hours before the first use, and then charge at least once a month if it has not been used. They also say not to charge the device with it while the bank is being charged itself, which means that you might need to have two chargers if you want to charge them both at the same time.	After being fully charged, it can charge my phone to 100%. I tried to charge a tablet and it did not have enough power as I had expected. I just had to try! It would not charge my husband's phone that requires 2A charger, too. My phone is a cheap smartphone TRACFONE ZTE Valet.	The best feature is that it is so small and slim. White color makes it easier to find it in the purse, too.
0,Clean, well made. Will fully charge a large cell phone with no glitches. Just what I want
0,In terms of simplicity and core functionality, I can't complain.  It pairs easily, call quality is good (though varies from great to OK), and it's battery life is quite nice.  Honestly if you're looking for a device like this, I'd recommend a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Motorola-Roadster-Bluetooth-In-Car-Speakerphone-Retail-Packaging/dp/B004877KOK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Motorola Roadster Bluetooth In-Car Speakerphone (Retail Packaging)</a>, which adds the ability to play your music and connect to your radio.  The Roadster also knew when to turn itself on which was nice.  Heck for a bit more, you can often find a GPS with built in Bluetooth support, which seems like a much better value.  To each their own, and for many simplicity is a lost art, and that's what we have here.
0,this silicone phone protector is excellent and is great protection for my HTC evo 4g! its lightweight yet it protects!!!  everything thr seller said about this item was 100% true!
0,great thnx
0,Looks great love it
0,good
0,This is an amazing product that makes my iPad Air look very sleek and extravagant! First, let me start by saying that I am so happy that not only do you get the tempered glass for the iPad, but you also get the stylus. However, this isn't your normal run of the mill stylus, it is a two-in-one stylus that has your usual end for touchscreen access on electronic devices, and on the other end you have an actual pen so you can take notes on paper without have to have a pen handy or switch utensils. This is really ingenious and I'm glad this was included.		Next, this product was very easy to install and you don't have to worry about air bubbles like some other screen protectors I have tried in the past. This is also heavy duty which makes it feel like it will better protect my device if I happen to drop it or drop something on it. Another cool feature of the glass is that you can use it like a mirror when your iPad is off because the glass is reflective. This is nice if you don't have access to a mirror and need to fix your hair or see if something is in your teeth after eating!		Finally, this product has several other nice features of it being HD clear quality which is noticeable because when using the iPad, you can't even tell you have this applied to your device. There is also anti-fingerprint and smudge technology so that you don't have to worry about having ugly smudges from running your fingers across the device (although if you are using the included stylus, you wouldn't have to worry about that anyways). Overall, I am very pleased with this product and so excited that it is on my device! I received this product in exchange for an honest and unbiased review.
0,One lasted me for two years now, installation was pretty simple. It hasn't peeled or anything, only reason to change it, is because it looks a bit scuffed but other than that is it good.
0,Awesome backup.
0,I got this for $3.80 which I think is pretty cheap. So it gets 5 stars for the price	It also gets 5 star for working as advertised. Just go to Youtube to get instructions on how to open the iPhone 4s and install this.	I kept installing the button on the iPhone but it never worked so I thought it was defective. It turns out that the button won't work if this part failed
0,this was a good purchase my tablet fit right in the case as I was hoping it would, I would purchase another if needed.
0,Device works really well. My connection in my place went from 1-2 bars, to full 5 bars. Also my download speeds on my Verizon Note 3 went from 3-4mbps to 30-45mbps. Unfortunately, I had to return the device since I don't have roof access to my place. There needs to be at least (not required) 200-300 feet of distance between the external and internal antenna for OPTIMAL performance. I would definitely buy again if my living situation changes.
0,Excellent purchase
0,Works good
0,Great product!  Would definitely recommend this to anyone who has a galaxy S6
0,This has to be the best mount that I've use period!  Its a suction cup mount but very strong.  Its the only one I'll use from this point forward.
0,This is my third small external battery pack, and so far I am really pleased with the results.  I have a RavPower (14000mAh) which is fittingly double the size of the myCharge 6000 and heavier but works great.  My other lip-stick smaller jackery never worked well, and was a waste of time.  The myCharge, with the 6000 mAh battery works great for a small pocket-sized device.  It comes with it's own USB-to-micro-USB 2-foot long cable.  It has a flashlight, but I don't need a tiny itty bitty flashlight.		It measures about 3" x 2 1/4" and easily slips into a pocket with the same thickness as my wallet.  It comes charged out of the box and I got three charges out of it on my Samsung phone.  I re-charged the myCharge to test it again and so far I have gotten 3 full charges (from about 5%, anything under 10%, my phone dies in minutes) and still have one of the four monitor lights blinking with a little juice left in it.  Impressive!  And recommended.		UPDATE 12/9/15 I should've updated this sooner because in less than a year of occasional usage, it won't even charge my phone fully ONE time. Don't know what it is with batteries, but the juice seems to run out. Originally used this with a Samsung, then with an LG G3.	I think these external batteries would last longer than a year with occasional use, but no go. In the trash.
0,one of best		but battery consumption is high		but at all it is acceptable	and easy to use		nice time
0,Purchased this to add to my wireless charging collection. I have the original model that is slandered charging. I really like this style of charger due to it sitting flat and its worked with every case I've had on my iPhone X. It has ambient lights around the edge that increases the indicator based on the lighting in the room. when i turn the lights off it dims the lights. I really like this feature. Both sides have grip on them so nothing moves around. This chargers DOES come with a charging block. It DOES support fast charging on the Iphone X. Very well made.
0,I recently got an S5 from work.  I bought this to keep it protected from my clumsy fingers.  It works like the one I had for the S4.  Solid, but not waterproof.  I would buy it again.
0,Great value does the job  will only work wish you could have a little customization  though
0,This is a fun and quirky way of protecting your phone.  Looks cute! Have had many people comment favorably on it.
0,awesome
0,This is a great case and inexpensive, too!
0,Love my new case! Phone fits great with plenty of card slots. Great looking and love the removable wrist strap.
0,good chargers! work great for chargin stations. perferably they would have more flex in the cable.
0,Item is as described. Very functional and extremely easy to use.
0,Works great and charges fast!! I love it.  I like that the prongs fold down
0,Great device, running ios 9.1 it is super fast and i only need to charge it every 2-3 days but i will say 1 thing, its a little too thin i almost dropped it on concreat like 50 times also it says i didn't buy it here but on apple.com for 100% reliability also 2 more things 1 is that it can connect to 5.0 Ghz networks which is good and upgrade if you have the ipod 4 or lower but if you have the 5 i would say wait for the ipod 7 or 8
0,Plenty long enough and large gauge so as not to restrict current. Very satisfied.
0,Worked great!!
0,very nice
0,Well built slim case for this phone.  Good front and rear offset for the camera and screen.  Back texturing feels good in the hand, keeps it from slipping well.  Doesn't expand the profile of the phone a lot, good for such a big phone.  Case got a ugly and rough scrap from its first drop, but considering it was a 5 foot dorp onto a concrete sidewalk...I'll happily take the case taking a bit of damage versus the phone, which didn't get a scratch on it.
0,This is a great case! I love it it's clear so I can show  off my rose gold IPhone 7 and fits perfectly and actually protects the phone, on the corners it has a bumper so also protect the camera lens. It's really great
0,Very good
0,Works perfectly.
0,Overall pretty awesome... The headphone hole is a little deep but all my headphone cable work just fine including my beats audio cable so overall bueno
0,We were headed for a 5 day trip to Universal with 4 people coming along and knew we were going to need chargers.  This solved our issues and worked great.  Multiple things charged at one time.  Took a lot of stress out of remembering multiple chargers for everyone and every item.  Shipped quickly and was well worth the cost.
0,Such a perfect shade of teal! My phone has been dropped many many times since I put this on and my phone is completely protected! Absolutely LOVE this case!!!
0,I've had this case for about a month now, and it's flawless. I'm considering ordering another.
0,Very nice wallet case. It is a bit chunkier than it looks in the photo so it might not fit in a pocket but I keep my phone in my purse anyway. Well built and the audio port is ACTUALLY still accessible!
0,great
0,Perfect caae
0,Good
0,Fit perfectly. No trimming needed. Product arrived on time and in good condition. Forgot that there was more than one film and was happy that I could cover both of our phones with this one order.
0,I really wish they had this for my Note 3 :( I bought it for my sister. really good quality wallet phone purse. zipper looks and feel strong. a plus side for the phone being able to come off with the cover still on cause of the Magnetic detachable. really durable. the phone stays on especially with the snap to keep phone in place. I see that it comes in a note 4.... soooo Im going to buy me one once i Upgrade.
0,I seldom write reviews, but I'm so pleased with this case. It's a perfect fit, really good-looking, and because it's leather, it provides a good grip.		I did a lot of research, and it seems the Galaxy s7 Edge is quite prone to glass breakage, which is why I bought insurance. Whether this leather will provide sufficient protection for a dropped phone remains to be seen, but I will say it's nestled tightly in a deep kind of pocket, and the leather top seems to provide good protection. All the leathers are stiffened, which is makes the shell quite rigid. But it's beautiful. I got the red, which is a very nice shade.
0,It was a very well carved product especially customized for Lumia 900. Perfect fit and perfect cuts for buttons and camera however I find it a little expensive so giving 4 stars. If I could buy it for around 5 bucks or they threw a couple free screen protectors then it'd have deserved a 5 star. Good product nevertheless.
0,Forget Apple's $30 USB to Lightning cable. I've had several of them and they have all died after a few months. These are made much better and have a longer length. Plus, TFS offers a lifetime warranty on them... so you spend $32 bucks once for two and never have to buy cables again (well until the geniuses at Apple change the charging dock again). Fantastic deal!
0,Excellent, install was a breeze, look good
0,Good case and the product arrived on time.
0,Good
0,Fits perfectly, great product.  No defects such as found on other brands.
0,looks great for wife, on time shipment
0,The packaging of this phone case is one of the best I have been asked to review.  The case is packaged in an easy open, nice brown cardboard gift like box.  Once you open the box, you will find the phone case inside of a nice, soft material pouch.  Inside of that, you will find the iPhone 6 wallet case.		The case is a soft, greyish leather, with a couple of slots for your driver license and credit card, or whatever you'd like to place in there.  It's a nice case because it allows me to place my license and bank debit card inside of it, and I can even place a couple of dollars inside of it too.		This is a nice phone case and unlike so many others, allows you to carry a couple of cards with your phone.		I love it!
0,Great looking case. Seems pretty sturdy.
0,This is great for the iPhone 5 with the Mophie Cases on it. I have both the Air & the Helium.  Either one drops into the case nicely without it being overly tight there's about a 1/4 inch extra space in length and maybe the same in width.  Magnets are plenty strong to keep the flap down in most positions. It is a bit bulky but what would you expect with a phone case this size??  For me it works best vertically.
0,Started ripping to easily.
0,Love it.
0,Beautiful and feels Great.
0,Good backup battery. Very basic, not smart charging, but just a back up.
0,Great product but they forgot to cut an opening for the home button which I think was a weird mistake. Other then that it was a good product. Unfortunately I have to order another case somewhere else cause it was hard using the screen and I'm scared due to a gap from the home button and screen protector my screen might break.
0,protects and went on smooth.  This glass protects my screen like it should it is the correct size and all the cut outs are in the correct places.
0,Great item. Fits perfectly on my new iphone 6s plus. Nothing to complain about really, awesome product. Would highly recommend to anyone looking for a tempered glass screen protector
0,Thank you Patozon! You are one of a very few companies that stand behind their products and have great  customer relationship! My new replacement headphones are working as described! Thank you Amazon for having great companies like Patozon!
0,Good product & fast delivery.
0,Very good thank you
0,great job..! and nice clear case for iphone 6
0,Pretty simple to put on. It came fast. The screen is really clear with shield on.
0,Got this case for my mom. Took some time to reach but it came with a lot of extra accessories
0,Easy to put on, good and strong glass cover! Fit perfect!
0,Very good price on a high output solar cell. It is powerful enough to really be able to charge many different devices.
0,I wore this one OUT! It was a good quality wallet case that lasted MONTHS and the only reason I no longer have it because it got so dirty, it could not be cleaned enough to satisfy me.
0,Absolutely love it !!
0,this wallet is very roomy and looks very nice.my daughter wanted this for her birthday and i was not disappointed nor was she which is most important! I was hesitant to order something of this caliber on Amazon but the shipping as usual was very fast and i got exactly what i ordered plus it was much cheaper than ordering online from a department store. I did my research online before purchasing. recommend!!
0,Great Price
0,I love this thing and when your battery is dying your world becomes more difficult.
0,The best chargers for iPhones ever. They don't break like the chargers that come with your iPhone. I have had mine for over 10 months and no signs of it "falling apart"
0,My son has had this on his Samsung Galaxy tablet for 3.5 years and it is still in great shape. Doesn't show dirt like the flip cover style does and allows easy access to all ports. The kickstand just recently broke but for the price I would definitely purchase this again.
0,Great, but use gloves to install it, I got finger prints on it after I installed the first one. Used some gloves and got it!
0,This card was easy to install and works well.  Paired it with a Koolpad Qi Wireless Charger Pad and my Note 3 was charging within seconds.
0,I love this case it is perfect.  Durable and awesome!
0,This charger is SOOOO much better than the charger that my TF201 came with. The manufacture charger was constantly getting hot but this one stays cool the whole time and charges my tablet quickly.
0,I have tested out the Vysk and Mophie cases before and, while the Incipio holds up very well, it is not as high quality as the Vysk.		The Incipit is, essentially, a battery backup case that provides up to 120% additional charge for the iPhone 6 and charges via a mini USB cable when in need or a recharge.  The Incipio sports a good battery, easy to set in frame that is one piece as opposed to the usual two pieces (Such as the Vysk and Mophie), and the frame provides good protection from drops or impact.		However, there are two things to note about the frame.		First off, the outer shell is smooth and rubbery suggesting that it may wear out after prolonged use.  One of my biggest complaints against case manufactures such as Otterbox (the Defender in particular) is that consistent removing of the case can wear out the rubber and it looses it's grip.  This can lead to poor protecting and a bad grip on the phone.		My next issue is the texture/traction as it's too smooth to remain in one place.  Slippery cases can slip out of a person's hand, pocket, or off the dashboard of a vehicle and go where ever gravity takes it.  Rubber grip marks, such as those found on certain Speck cases, make cases a LOT harder to slip up with and they, typically, don't fall out of a person's pocket or slip out of their hands.		All in all, the Incipio is good, but there are better ones out there.  I prefer Vysk, myself.
0,I am a bit bemused by some of the complaints from people with undamaged pouches-- to mark it down for a broken metal clip is one thing-- to give it one star because it's not high quality tanned leather is simply silly for a pouch costing six bucks and change.  Judge it at its price point, for heaven's sake.		Now, to be honest, I don't have a lot of use for a small cross-body purse.  I'm a middle-aged (headed for late middle-aged) straight male, which kind of rules out most opportunities for carrying a purse.  And given this bag, that's good-- its weakest feature is its strap, and I mean that in the most literal sense of the term.  While I certainly wouldn't expect a Coach strap at this price, so I'm not really complaining about it, it is clear that this strap isn't very trustworthy-- it stretches under the slightest pressure, and I am pretty sure that if it got caught on anything it'd just be a question of whether the spring hooks would snap before the strap itself or not.  The missing fifth star reflects my concern.		That said, I was quite pleasantly surprised by the quality of the pouch itself.  It's some sort of "pleather", vice real leather, but it's also not vinyl, which what I expected ('pleather' consists of a very, very thin sheet of leather bonded to man-made material).  The material is soft and pliable, the 'weave' bonded so it doesn't gap or separate.  The pouch has an inch-and-a-half wide flap over the top, wide enough to ensure that a cell phone won't fall out but narrow enough that pens can be clipped to the top of the pouch and accessed without opening the flap, which closes with a round magnetic clasp.		As I said, I have no plans to start carrying a small purse in my dotage; I do, however, often carry a canvas shoulder bag or briefcase with my tablet, books, etc.  My old Navy-issue canvas briefcase has a wide side pocket, just large enough that it becomes a dumping ground from which nothing can be easily found.  I've discovered that if I clip the Rbenxia (how do you pronounce that, anyway?) pouch just inside that pocket, it gives me an "inner pocket" into which my smart phone and pens, or even my wallet, can be tucked away and easily found again, and yet are invisible and therefore not a target for thieves.  [The reason I'm not including a picture with this review is that you wouldn't see the pouch!]		I was offered a pouch by the company to evaluate, with the understanding that I would write an unbiased review.
0,It is not the standard battery,  but it last longer and is less money to buy. It works every bit as good as any of the higher priced off brands anker, knight or the like but it at less then ten dollars it is great.
0,Perfect replacement for my Note 4 Edge. Took maybe 10 minutes or so. Search for "Note 4 Camera Glass Lens Replacement" on YouTube for clear instructions. Replacement arrives in the mail a small padded bag without any paperwork.
0,OK
0,nice
0,Good job
0,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Galaxy-Note-5-Case-Verus-High-Pro-Shield-Satin-Silver-Military-Grade-Protection-Slim-Fit-For-Samsung-Note-5/dp/B00VQKYKYU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Galaxy Note 5 Case, Verus [High Pro Shield][Satin Silver] - [Military Grade Protection][Slim Fit] For Samsung Note 5</a>	Very pleased with this case. I like its style, phone fit and material quality. Phone feels comfortable and secure while using.
0,perfect size, but does not close at the top. . . hard to use phone in case. . . have to pull out for thumbprint reader
0,When I use this battery in my lg 840G the life of the battery depends on me using wifi on my phone. When I do not use the wifi the usage stays high.  when the wifi is on it kills my battery life.  So off with the wifi so I have a longer use in battery life.  That is all I can say right now.
0,Bought this case for my mom and it had held up well, she loves it.
0,Very sturdy and convenient to use.
0,... no better replacement than OEM...
0,Love this little charger so far. The physical size is just right. Seems to hold 2 complete charges for my galaxy G6. I have another charger that is the same size as the phone but slim. Much more awkward to use than this little beauty.	I also love the color and the flat charging cord that it came with.	It is so insane that modern life requires us to be planning in advance where our device power is going to come from. If your not at home, or office or in a car it can be a serious problem. This is great for outdoors, the beach, camping or even just spending the day out shopping or socializing. You will not need to be seeking out electrical outlets in public to sneak a charge from again!	Per my usual, I will check back in awhile and let you know how this charger fares for longevity and overall wear and tear in the long haul.
0,At last a good use for the CD in my car! Good grab of my phone (5' size) ... not so good to grab a phone like a Galaxy Mini S3.
0,Great
0,looks very nice.
0,love it
0,Well worth the money!!! Sound is amazing! The JBL ear buds are great. It's also perfect for phone calls. I wish I would have bought one of these years ago!!
0,its nice and all i thought it was leather but it was just fabric kind material..		other than that its nice and protected my phone..
0,Skinomi screen protector is great, works as advertised, was delivered on time by seller. Didn't have chance to apply it yet, but it comes with big package of soap liquid, screen, flat piece of plastic and cloth
0,Love the fact that the light on means it is charging and light off means it is done.  My phone charged quickly (a HTC) and my kindle charges at the same rate as the charger included with the kindle.  It is a bit of a pain to put the charging cords away when your done and the charger is a little big larger than I would prefer.  However does the job of a charger and does it well.
0,Perfect
0,Great charging cable love it would recommend it to everyone.
0,I bought these for a few friends for Christmas presents, and so far, they love them. They are very sturdy, and work perfectly.
0,good
0,I bought the T-mobile version (SM-G530T) for $149.99 before taxes. I am a T-mobile prepaid customer and I wanted to the 4GLTE and wifi calling capability. The fact that they had pre-installed DEVICE UNLOCK is a plus! My previous smartphones were: Iphone 4, Samsung Galaxy Note 2 and BLU HD. I also have an international phone/tablet with a cellular radio (Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4) Ive moved on from Iphone/Ios since they have no external storage and your reliance on Itunes software. I loved my Samsung Galaxy Note 2 but unfortunately it died on me after about 2 years. (My Iphone 4 is actually still working as well as my IPAD 2) I bought the Galaxy Note 2 from Ebay supposedly brand new and for about $600. I don't know if I got a lemon or I was just using too much or what. But Ive decided not to buy super expensive phones anymore as I really don't use all the apps on the phone often and use my tablets for that. I got an inexpensive BLU HD phone which had really nice screen and 1080P, DUAL SIM and all that but the buttons, the camera it was all just placed wrong and didn't act nicely/comfortably. The dual sim feature slightly sucked too as it had restrictions.  Then when I saw the low price on the Prime, I got it. Everything feels and works just like my expensive Samsung tablets. But one of the cons is that its only 8GB internal storage. But I understand because of the low price. It has a MICRO SD slot so who cares. I still have to test if it will accept a 128gb microsd card. I think it should if its like any other Samsung phone/tabelts. I only put my most important apps that I REALLY use often and left 2GB of internal space left. For other apps that I cannot uninstall I did not install their updates since I don't use them anyway. Their camera and video recording seems acceptable and I would only use it in a pinch. (I prefer to use my Canon DSLR and camcorder now) I don't really see any slow performance at the moment. (I like to use the Waze GPS apps and possibly the internet and Hangouts) Now the cream dela crme for me is the DEVICE UNLOCK. I did the temporary unlock and sure enough it worked and I was able to put my ATT sim card in there! The Temporary Unlock is only good for 30 days. There is also a PERMANENT UNLOCK option which I tried but it didn't work for me. Supposedly I have to put in at least $100 in refill (since Im a prepaid customer) or 4 months of usage. So whichever options come first Ill be sure to use the permanent unlock whenever that time comes. Otherwise I love the Galaxy Grand Prime. If you buy it for less than $200 like me, I think its worth it!
0,PROS DELIVERY:	Bought it Monday got it Wednesday, deliv. date was expected next week Tuesday but USPS does great around the States it currently ships to, if I get lucky that is. Love 'em!		PROS:	Battery is fantastic. It has a snug fit better then the iAnker 7200 mAh.	The case is almost like iAnker too except the honeycomb pattern on the back has a better grip then just the normal rubber case.	Haven't put this battery to the test yet as it's still trying to calibrate with the phone ( device is still reading batt. % wrong ) but I am impressed with the quality build it already is. But will update next month and see how it adds up to the iAnker 7200.		CONS:	1 - The power button is a little bit more hard to press then the vol buttons but it's no biggy, just need to keep pressing it until I get use to pressing it harder than usual.	2 - Not really a CON but when I un-boxed the product the plaster or the cover on the battery itself was a bit open ( At the top it was almost peeled all the way out ) and all I did was press it down and it'd stick but when ever I remove the battery it'd come off again.		VERDICT:	I can't complain nor I can give it a good review ( Haven't given the battery to calibrate yet ) as of yet but will update monthly on status of battery and usage.		For now, it's a waiting game until the device calibrates with the battery properly or at least not have the wrong info of around ~10% when ever I pull batt. or reboot my device.		Hyperion, the battery is great!
0,I love the price I paid however I couldn't hear.  I handed it down to a friend who absolutely loves it and has no problem with it.
0,I am a chronic phone dropper, but this little protector does a fantastic job at saving me from disaster!  I highly recommend it!
0,Very good quality, excellent product, good brand and good seller, good price. Recommended. Thanks Amazon
0,Very good protects the phone
0,HIGH QUALITY LENS AND PHOTOS		 The first thing you notice when unpacking this lens is that all the parts feels well built and of high quality. This is not a cheap novelty toy. It's a well made product that's built to last.		 It's very easy to use. The lens screws into a base that snaps right onto your phone. This makes the lens perfectly positioned every time.		 I will let the photos speak for how well the zoom lens works. The first image I took is of house about 100 yards away. The second image is of the same houses with my phone positioned in the exact same spot. As you can see, the zoom capabilities are not messing around! (This is without and digital zoom applied on the camera. With digital zoom your could get even closer, though image quality might drop due to the digital zooming.)		 Works with still photos and videos a like. Though I do find that videos are harder to find your subject in if you're trying to capture a moving subject like a sporting event or a bird flying or something. It can be done, but small movements of the camera translate into huge movements of the image field when you're zooming in so far. For videoing subject that's not moving fast or not moving far (Like your kid in a dance recital or something) it's easy to use.		I was sent a sample of this product to review.
0,very handy
0,This battery is excellent!!!!  I charge my one 2 from empty four times before I need to recharge this battery. Love it and have recommended it to others. The charger wire the battery comes with to charge it,also works with android.
0,Exactly what I wanted. Classy looking, not bulky, just enough texture to give a good grip feel and makes the side volume and power buttons a little less sensitive so I'm not always accidentally triggering them. Great case for the price. I haven't dropped my phone yet so I can't speak to that, but it seems like it would be adequate for most fumbles.
0,Great case and good quality for the price! will definitely buy more! Highly recommended! I bought a few of these already for less then what it would have cost to buy 1 brand name case. My buddy paid $30 for an official Apple bumper that was ruined withing a few months!  These cost $1 a piece and are still going strong.
0,Got this for my husband. He loves it!
0,<div id="video-block-RZW0HXQJ877N3" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/E1x9Nycv4iS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81sL9VQSq2S.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Before this product, I've never had an experience with Acase before. I did not know what to expect nor did I have too much expectations for it. When I received the package, my first impression was that I was very impressed with the beautiful packaging and how it displayed the product. The case is built of two separate parts that are combined to become one strong protective case. I will be writing about the two parts separately in order to focus on their positive and negatives to give you a much better idea of what to expect.		Inner Silicone Case - The inner silicone case is absolutely great. Unlike other silicone cases, this one is actually very sturdy and hard. However the silicone case grips your phone very well, almost perfectly to provide shock absorbent in case you were to drop your phone. The cut outs align and expose the camera and inputs perfectly. The lip of the silicone case goes over the screen of the phone, so you can lay your phone face down on a surface without getting any contact on your phones screen. The silicone is made of a material that is anti scratch and anti dust. This is an amazing feature because silicone cases tend to collect a lot of dust, however this case does the job very well on staying clean. Overall wonderful design and even without the outer portion, the silicone itself is beautiful enough to stand as a case on its own.		Outer portion - The outer portion of this case is constructed from very durable polycarbonate and hugs the silicone case very aggressively, providing high protection from incoming damage and also a much firmer grip for the case overall. Every color except the black has the glossy, stylish finish. However, they aren't very flashy and looks very tasteful due to a UV coating placed throughout the polycarbonate case. The UV coating is a great touch because it helps maintain a clean surface without getting much fingerprints and smudges on the case. On the back of the case, under the camera, the name of the manufacturer is engraved. However the name is done in a very subtle way, which is a very nice touch because usually companies engrave their names very large, giving their products a cheap appearance. The cut outs throughout the body exposes all the inputs and camera perfectly. I am very happy with the overall outcome.		I was given this product along with the other colors as samples from Acase to review. In return we came to an agreement that I would provide my uttermost honest opinion even if it were to be a negative one. Considering the price point and a brand I've never experienced before, I did not expect much. After receiving and trying the product, I must say I am absolutely impressed and now I am a fan of Acase. Overall the fit and finish of this cover is absolutely marvelous and if you are in this price range for a new cover for your S4, this is a wonderful choice!		I hope my review was helpful. For a durability test and a look at the other colors, please watch my video review. If you have any question or concern please feel free to contact me anytime! I am always up for a chat.
0,Excellent replacement works as new
0,Really nice case and the mirror really comes in handy for a doll like myself :-)
0,As advertised.
0,Love this case..the gold piece slides off making this easy to put on!  The case is soft to the touch! Protects my phone perfectly!
0,Applied the screen protector with ease. So far no bubbles as long as you follow the directions provided by the seller. My only complaint is that it is a wet application. not just a dry install that I'm most familiar with.
0,So far I love this set up. It works great and has a strong magnet that hasn't allowed my phone to fall off and I've been using it for months.
0,This rechargeable charger has a nice sleek design and is very light and compact.  It is a perfect companion to your electronic devices.  Cell phone running out?  iPod dead?  No problem, just plug it in and go.  Easily recommended.
0,Good
0,Amazing case.  I now have no need for my wallet.  Combined with Samsung pay and the ability to carry my DL and one backup card I am set wherever I got.  I can eve squeeze in a $20 Bill for added payment security.  Last but not least, I can still charge wirelessly, although not fast wireless charging.
0,This is an excellent screen protector for this phone. Fortunately, the HTC One M9 was not not a phone that was built with a curved glass face like so many other phones are today, making it easier for manufacturers to produce great glass screen protectors at much more affordable prices.		This screen protector comes packaged very nicely with everything that you need to install your new protector. It also comes with one of my favorite features that a lot of manufacturers seem to look over: wings off of the edge of the protector to help you line the glass up with your phone. All you have to do is remove the cover from the sticky side and use the wings to get the screen exactly where you want it. You then just drop it on the phone and tap the middle and the protector does the rest for you.		There were a couple of bubbles once my installation was done, but those were easily removed using a credit card and the included fabric cleaning cloth. With a little bit of pressure, I was able to squeeze the air out and all that was left was a smooth, clean looking installation. Once installed, it is completely stationary, so there is no worrying about it wiggling around. It's also very secure on the phone and doesn't feel like it will be coming up any time soon.		My only gripe about it is that it is a pretty thick screen protector. However, it's a fair trade for how cheap this screen protector is. You can feel the edges on the top and bottom of the screen, but it doesn't hinder the phone use at all. It would have been nice to have seen some rounding on the edges just because of how the phone is designed, but it isn't that big of a deal.		Overall, this is absolutely a great choice if you're looking to protect your phone. With this particular phone being a little older, the options are getting slimmer, so it's nice to see that some companies are still putting in real time to make quality products for it.		***I did receive this product for free or at a discounted price in exchange for a complete and honest review. My review and the associated rating were not altered by the terms of this exchange and the thoughts and opinions expressed therein are purely my own.
0,excellent
0,I'm always needing charging cables and I really love the 2-in-1 design on this one! I can charge my iPhone, my friends Anroid and a ton of other small gadgets with just 1 cord! It feels nice and sturdy so I think it will last for a long time. This cable is compatible with my laptop's rapid charge feature, which is a nice added bonus! It doesn't tangle the way standard issue iPhone cables do-I think because it's nice and thick. I also like that his cable is black. I have a ton of white charging cables, as do my friends, so the black color really stands out.		I received a discount on this product but all opinions are 100% my own and based on my own experience with this product.
0,You can't go wrong with a Ram mount
0,This is a great item to have in your bag if you are traveling abroad. I am a military service member and often fine myself all over the world. When it comes to power for my items, this is the only adapter that I need. It has every plug type conveniently located inside such a compact block. you can convert any outlet to a standard US plug, or convert between them all if you like. Because the top of the plug has ports that mirror the plugs on the bottom. The USB adapter is a nice touch also. It works very well at charging my phone quickly. The USB adapter also lights up blue and kinda functions and a nice night light. The build quality of this item is really good. I expect it to last a long time. The easy of use is something that I really appreciate. I would definitively recommend this item to anyone that will be traveling.		I did receive a discount on this item
0,I got the black of vibrance series.	Good case, good fit, good looking but like many other S7 Edge cases doesn't provide any protection to the phone side edges.	I dropped my phone with the case on and the edge cracked.	It's more Samsung's fault with that stupid gimmick edges but I did end up finding a case that cover the edges.
0,Power adapter as part of the plug makes this unfriendly on power strips, but otherwise it is a great unit!  provides max power to multiple devices.
0,A very sleek and beautiful piece of technology here, got mine for 90 dollars. I've already loaded over a dozen Apps and still mass space available A very solid feel, and nicely sensitive touch screen. It has all the needed features and even has a front and rear cameras. With a protective case, this unit should last a while, an excellent product very impressive, With Klets Voice command App you can voice to text messages and send totally hands free, it even talks back,sarcastic bitch.
0,This is the best phone I have ever owned. Of all the Android phones i have owned or used,, this one operates more smoothly, has better battery life, has the largest screen, Has everything I've ever wanted in an Android phone.
0,Need a clean secure iPhone case, that is professional without any designed and plus that a back up stand if you need to FaceTime whit you family while your out in a business trip.
0,Great case, fit and finish. Poetic never let's me down
0,Fast service. Product was as described.
0,Mounted into vent on 2000 4Runner w/o issue. Using a Samsung S7 the wireless charging has worked well for me. While I like the press to clamp I prefer the style where you can push to release. Taking the phone out of the charger is a bit awkward, requiring 2 hands to pull wings apart to reset.
0,I was really excited about buying this case. I saw it and read the reviews and I just had to buy it. I saw that some people had posted pictures of it and so I was thinking oh it will work great for me. For me I feel the coral color pink is a bit darker than the picture of the case itself but that is ok. I have a glass screen protector on that I bought to go with this case and I love it. ! I really am thinking about buying the black and champagne one next !
0,This may be my favorite phone ever.  No lie, I had to decide between this and a Samsung S5 on Verizon.  In the end I got this one and the S5 for my wife.  It's not even close, the G3 wins hands down.  Better quality, feels more solid in my hand, I like the smoothness of the interface, it's all around great.  After having the rear facing buttons now, I'll never go back to side buttons.  I'm an LG guy for life.
0,works! keeps the water out. i took some pictures in my pool, they turned out really cool, worth it for the shower or the pool. protects your phone no accidents!
0,I was very pleased with this seller. Will use again if I need to.
0,Very protective and light
0,I bought this case and loved it the fit was perfect and I loved the pink and purple together.. it was a great value versus going to the mall and paying $30 bucks for the same case :)
0,perfect fit this is my phone saver
0,This was amazingly perfect little device. I took it on a two week vacation across the ocean where the power plugs are different. I knew I may not have access to power supply all the time. I have a Samsung Galaxy S5, and this little power pack charged it 4 times across 2 weeks before it needed to be recharged. It has a sleep mode so the power stays and does not drain when you are not using it. It is a little heavy but nothing too bad. It comes with a short little USB to micro USB cord, which worked for charging the pack and for charging my device. Just Perfect!
0,Great phone. I have had this for a few months and I'm pretty happy with it.  It is a little bit on the large side, when I have it on my belt in the belt clip holster, but not too bad.
0,Awesome charger it can charge your iPhone 6 about 6 times.  An iPad Air about twice. Not too heavy about 12.6 oz. It brings peace of mind for your backup power needs.  It does take awhile to charge though about 7 hours. I would recommend to use one then have a backup to charge.
0,IF YOU NEED TO REPLACE YOUR WIFI ANTENNA AND ARE MISSING SCREWS, ORDER THIS! Worked perfect. Highly recommended to all
0,It's good
0,Great Product!
0,Works great with my 5" cell phone. Holds it securely. Mounts on handlebars, or stem. With the apps available from Google Play (free or pay) it is an excellent alternative to a bike computer at equal or better pricing. I highly recommend this product!
0,Excellent for the cost!
0,Freaking awesome!!!! People ask me where I got it all the time.
0,Ordered two of these because my husband keeps getting his caught from his belt and breaking them. They came in new condition and was a wonderful low price.
0,Easy on,very durable.  Haven't had an issue with bubbles while applying, have already reordered these once, only ones I order now
0,It works, better price than anywhere, most stores want eleven bucks for this. Get one if you need it. why do I have yo type sooo many letters now to review a product Amazon?? Im gonna get tired of this and quit reviewing!!!!!!!!!
0,Ultimately, this is an excellent case because it protects my phone while being extremely slim and non-obtrusive.  My  biggest issue with it is that it is hard to use the buttons.  You have to hit that right sided on button all the time to wake your phone and it is a pain with this case.  Also, the case yellows over time.. not a lot, but noticeably.
0,Incipio makes great products!  It helps protect your iPhone from dings and scratches.  I have been consistently purchasing Incipio since I got my iPhone 4.
0,<div id="video-block-R2DC9F8S40UZNM" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1dSgOgNA3S.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91ShFMQN3dS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;While the V4 doesn't have all of the bells and whistles of higher priced phones...it also doesn't have the higher price.  :)  The screen on this phone is exceptionally good, IMO, and easily competes with the top tier phones.  Audio, from both the mic and the speakers (the smaller one for your ear and the speaker on the back), is quite good.  What the V4 lacks are some of the internal sensors, as much memory as the higher end phones, and camera resolution/quality.  For an unlocked, dual-SIM phone in the <$150 price range (currently $123 as I type this, but I've seen it on sale for $90), this is definitely worth considering.		The video shows off the screen a bit and then goes into taking the back cover off to put in a memory card and SIM cards, as well as giving some of my impressions.  Below are some highlights and additional details.		SCREEN:  5 Stars.  The screen is bright, clear, and has good resolution.  The off-axis viewing is as good as any of my other phones.  I don't quite know what else to say except that it's a very good screen.  As a quick note, though, it's not really a curved glass screen like the product images might suggest.  I forgot to point that out in the video, but the curved sides around the glass are actually a black metal frame.  I didn't even notice it at first because iRULU did such a nice job blending it into the glass.  So, while it's not truly a curved glass edge, it still looks very nice.		AUDIO:  5 Stars.  I've held conversations on it, watched videos, listened to music - as well as using the built-in speakers and headphones.  The ear speaker works just great, and the back speaker works well as a speaker phone and is also decent for watching videos (but it's not very loud, so it's better if your room is quiet).  I'm especially impressed by the audio from the headphone jack.  Using my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Sennheiser-HD-598/dp/B0126HISOO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sennheiser HD 598</a>&nbsp;headphones, the audio is very good.  No distortion, and no background hiss from the internal amp that I've noticed.		PERFORMANCE:  4-5 Stars.  I haven't really put this through the paces with games and such, but I've used it for everything that I normally do - namely, watching videos, web browsing, forums, and e-mail.  Switching between apps is snappy, and I've never found myself noticing any delays when using it.  When I first got it, it would take something like five seconds to wake up from standby when I hit the power button - which to me was almost a deal breaker.  I went into the display and power saving settings and changed some thing, and now it wakes up right away like I would expect.  I apologize, but I can't remember what all I changed, but I wanted to mention it in case you also run into that when you first get it.		CAMERAS:  4 Stars.  The cameras are pretty decent and certainly good enough for probably almost everybody looking to take photos with their phone.  Low light performance suffers a bit, but I'd say these cameras are on par with my Galaxy S3 cameras.  My Fire Phone camera performance is better, especially adjusting to low light conditions.  For daylight pictures or in a room with lights on, though, these cameras are good.  The front camera has plenty of resolution for video chatting, too.		Other Notes:	(*) Mine arrived with a screen protector on it, but there was dust under it and it didn't look very nice.  It was a nice touch to add one, but I took it off because I don't think that I'll ever need it with the Gorilla Glass 3 screen on this.  I've been using it almost a month now without any issues at all.  However, it also came with a fresh screen protector in the box, so I can put one on later if I want.	(*) I've only used this on Wi-Fi so far.  My "phone" conversations have been over Google Hangouts, and they've sounded perfectly fine to me.  T-Mobile has good LTE performance in my area that I've used on my Fire Phone, but I'll need to get another SIM card before using it on this phone (the Fire uses nano cards, and I'll need to get a bigger size for this)	(*) This phone doesn't have as many sensors as my 3.5-year-old Galaxy S3.  For example, it doesn't have a gyroscope or pressure sensor.  What it does have are an accelerometer, compass, magnetic field sensor, proximity sensor, and light sensor.		I'm very happy with the V4.  The form factor suits my uses, the screen is beautiful, the performance is good, the audio is good (and is very good over headphones) - and you get all of that in an unlocked phone with LTE capability and dual SIM slots for under $150.  Yes, there are a lot of other options out there for unlocked cell phones - a lot of good options, honestly.  This is another good one to consider.		(I received a free sample for an evaluation and honest review.)
0,Good for the price and it's nice to have 3 in case you screw one up during application.
0,Easy to install.  Works well.
0,Definitely gives an improvement in battery life on my three-year-old phone. This is a must-have for those still rocking the (Verizon) Galaxy Nexus.
0,Very good
0,these are great to have just as your go to case, and they are really fun to decorate with nail polish, duct tape, stickers, markers, etc.
0,Product for review: Great phone case Fits my phone perfectly and aligns with the iphones buttons. The case is very sleek and can fit easily into you back pocket. I would recommend this company and phone case if you are looking for a clear case.
0,Perfect 6 port USB.  I placed it the the top dawer of the nigth stand and it pefect for charging all of my devices.  Great product for price.
0,Luckily these are priced  so i don't go to much in a hole when i do. Great sound. My only complaint is im tall and the cord is not nearly long enough. Often have to keep in hands instead of pocket
0,Good case but does scratch.
0,did its job
0,It charges my S6 very very fast. I love anker
0,Some have complained that these aren't true USB 3.0 cables as far as data transfer is concerned. Don't know if that is true as I got them to serve as backup/emergency charging cables, and in that respect they work just fine. I have used them as data cables to copy photos off the phone and don't know that it matter really as to the cable being USB 2 or 3 - it worked just fine. 35 seconds or 28 seconds, doesn't really matter.		The cables are well made and solid, and the fabric covers mean the coil smaller than the very stiff OEM cable the device came with.
0,I really like this case. It shows off the color of my coral blue phone. I got the case with the blue edges to enhance the look of my phone.
0,Great product!
0,The red case is bright like a "formula one red". I stop using it three days after it arrived because it was just to bright. But it feels good in the hand.
0,Thin and light case, protective, holds my iPhone 6s Plus very securely to my Quad Lock Out Front mount.		The case fits on the phone very securely.  But it's not hard to remove the phone from the case.  Some people like this case enough to use it daily, even when not biking. I have 2 other cases I prefer when not biking, and it's not hard to swap out the cases.		I like that the case is sold separately.  You can invest in bike mounts for each of your bikes, and if you get a new phone, you can buy the quad lock case for the new phone but keep all your same mounts.		I wish the case came with the clear cover.  The price for the case alone is reasonable, but the case + cover is more than I want to spend, especially since I've separately purchased the bike mount.		One tip for people who haven't used a handlebar mount for their smartphone:  leaving the map app open and the phone's GPS on will drain the battery quickly.  Make sure you're fully charged before a long ride.
0,wife has been using it for weeks now. Its strong and sturdy. Probably because it is soft, it is not scratched up even.
0,Bought this for my car.  It stays sturdy.  My iPhone 5s fits snugged and it doesn't fall off.  Good buy!
0,I only received the wireless charger on Friday, 2/10, so far it has worked great and I love the slim line design. However, I cannot speak to longevity, but I hope the charger continues to perform well.
0,Perfect fit.
0,I purchased this case for my sister, she love it, it was easy to use it, no problem so far.
0,GREAT PRODUCT
0,Exellent
0,I first heard about this case when I met a fellow traveler in Spain.  He had misplaced his phone the night before, only to find it at the bottom of the hotel pool in the morning.  He promptly dove in, retrieved the phone, and was splendidly surprised to find it working perfectly after being submerged for over 10 hours!		I've had 2 of these Lifeproof cases.  They are waterproof!  But they don't last the lifetime of your phone.  This case will last you about a year before the rubber starts to peel off, and is no longer waterproof.  Also, speaker phone doesn't work well in this case.  Besides that, this is a great product, and I will be ordering my 3rd case soon.
0,Great little cover.  Easy on, easy off.
0,Nice!
0,its a good case, it is just like buying a outter box case that cost alot but this didn't cost much
0,love it
0,Works very well as an OEM replacement.  Everything on it says it's OEM, and it performs as such.  Really helped my wife's Galaxy S5.
0,This Bike Phone mounts really works. I will give it 5 Star and here's why?	It comes with Instruction Manual that is easy to follow and understand.	It comes with three color silicone butterfly bands (black, red and green).	It works with my Iphone6 and ipod touch 6th gen.	Easy to install unlike some other bike mount that I used. You don't need your husband or boyfriends help to install this.	I have 26" Mongoose Lady's Mountain Bike and I don't have any issue installing it.	Your cp or ipod is safe because it wraps around the outer edges of your phone/ipod.	Overall I am satisfied with this bike mount.
0,Fit my Note 4 like a glove	Beautiful blue color makes my phone stand out	Raised edges around camera and front display	All ports are easy to access	This case is thin, not sure what level of protection..phone never dropped	I'm very happy with this case, Highly Recommended
0,I was a little disappointed to see there where no Otterboxes or Lifeproof cases available for the 6P so I went looking for something that was comparable. Boy was I surprised.		Honestly I might not even get Otterboxes anymore. The Unicorn Beetle Heavy Duty case is great. It feels good without adding to much bulk or heft and is very sturdy. I am definitely happy with this. Plus, it is a little hard to get off, so even if you do drop it, this case will not come off.		Since buying one for me, I got one for my dad (Nexus 6) and my friend got one for himself (HTC One M8). I definitely recommend these cases. They are super affordable and super reliable.
0,I was, at first, reluctant to purchase a small unit for my ipod. But the reviews I read were pretty great, so I thought I'd take a chance.  I'm really glad I did!!!  For such a low price, this dock sounds wonderful!! The sound is far better than I hoped for!! Going to take it with us tonight for a picnic date. Take a chance...you won't be sorry!!!!
0,Selfies - self-portraits taken with a camera phone - have become a big thing in the last few years, driven by the prevalence of good cameras in smart phones. A selfie stick, or monopod, is a convenient way to hold the camera out farther to get a better shot. This monopod by URPOWER is a good one that is a little unusual in that it includes two harnesses.		This is a telescoping monopod that extends by pulling it out like an TV or radio antenna. The remote shutter button is on the handle and it works via Bluetooth to activate the camera shutter. On the end of the arm is a shoe for mounting the harness and the mounting screw is standard and will accommodate a standard camera or camcorder. The arm does flex a little so be mindful about adding too much weight.		The monopod handle is a single, solid piece that has a solid, no-slip rubber sleeve that is anchored well and does not twist like some others. This means that the sleeve cannot twist and cover the shutter button.		Unlike all the other selfie sticks I have used, this one had not one but two harnesses of different sizes and the larger can accommodate larger devices. That said, I have not found a phone too large for the smaller harness. Both of these harnesses are spring loaded holders that secure the phone well enough.		The monopod identifies itself as URPOWER when it is powered on and discoverable. I paired and connected it to my Sony Xperia Z and has no issues with it at all. It activated the shutter exactly as expected and it maintained the connection effortlessly. Though specifically designed to work with Android and iOS phones I wanted to try it with my Windows phone. It did pair very easily and connected but it immediately disconnected. Since it is not marketed for Windows phones this is not a problem but is a point to consider.		This is a nice selfie stick that works well and comes with two harnesses instead of just one. It is well made and is inexpensive. Consider this one if you want a monopod that comes with two harnesses and is inexpensive.		Disclaimer: I was provided a sample of this product in exchange for a fair, honest and thorough review. Even though I received this product at no cost I have rated and reviewed this product without bias, based solely on my experience with it.
0,I bought the pink one for my daughter.  she loves it because it is so pretty, but I just recently had to buy another one because the stones fall out.  You have to be careful and not throw it around to keep it in good condition.
0,because all that is good and because I gustaooo muchoooooo everything right all excellent recommend	y poreque esta muy buernono em ha llegado
0,Good
0,Excellent
0,Excellent quality.
0,<div id="video-block-R1IVJEA4PX9YE1" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1qeIChO9MS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81ALg7uR14S.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Same exact model as the 12 buck option. Both called a-8001. See my photos to see the vignetting in photo mode. None in video mode.
0,Excelente
0,This fit my phone perfectly!!!  I go for walks with my little one and my phone is pretty bulky so this came in super handy!  Im not a tiny woman and this fit my arm just fine! Some days I just leave it in this the whole day!  I can do all the things i want with it still in this case and now I no longer have an excuse of not to walk everyday!!  Although I received this item for free or at a discount in exchange for my honest unbiased review, this doesn't change my opinion of the product!
0,I wasn't sure what to expect out of this product, but I'm actually really surprised at the quality of this product! For just $5, I'm really happy with my purchase!		I've attached some photos of my iPhone 6 in the case (baby pink color). Sorry for the bad quality and awkwardly pink lighting; the only other camera I could find was my old iPhone 4's! It's not actually as pink as it looks in my photos; it's more of a light, peachy pink (exactly like it shows in their photos). To give you an idea of the color it should actually be, I put my phone on top of plain white printer paper.		Here are my pros and cons.	~~~~~	Pros:	- Slim	- Lightweight	- Good grip when holding	- Easy to put on and remove	- Cutouts line up with the buttons pretty much perfectly	- Case does not obstruct flash photography whatsoever	- Great color		Cons:	- The case is a tiny bit sparkly, which you can't see in the photos they provide. You have to look pretty closely to notice it, though. So this might be a little too feminine for some people. Two of my attached photos show the back of the case at different angles, just so you get an idea of just how sparkly it is.	- The back of the case seems to love fingerprints; again, it's nothing too noticeable. Personally, I'm willing to overlook it.	~~~~~		Since I've only had this case for a little over a day, I can't really comment on durability/protectiveness. I'll keep this updated!		UPDATE 1/2/15: Still in great shape after light use for a couple of weeks. :) I've dropped my phone a few times from around 2-3 feet at most, sometimes landing on the front, and my phone and the case are both fine. No discoloration or scratches.		--- It seems editing my review has broken the links to the images... Sorry about that! Anyway, the case looks almost exactly as pictured, and looks great on your phone.
0,Very happy this is a 3 pack for my son's phone. Very easy to use. Great price too!
0,Works great so far on an iPhone for a 17year old that is hard on phones.
0,good cords
0,good
0,loved
0,Received it fast and love the case. Had a case for my S3 and kept it perfect for 2 years. Fits my S5 like a glove.
0,Good quality case. It does add to the size of your phone on the sides a little, but it is most noticeable in the back of course because of the pocket for credit cards, however, I use it when I am only going to carry my phone and need to put my driver's license and credit card in the case.
0,Good product, totally worth buying it
0,Otterbox simply works. It does add a bit of bulk to an already big phone but the trade off is knowing your $750 investment into such a delicate device is protected. No other case protects like an Otterbox without leaving your phone functions compromised. There are others that may offer the same level of protection but the call quality suffers causing you to constantly ask your caller to repeat themselves. That's a deal breaker. With the Otterbox there is no loss of call clarity that I've noticed. Sure, you can find cases that look very close to an Otterbox and claim to be protect just as good, and even have good reviews, but people often write a review only a few days after receiving the item. I am curious as to how well the item holds up a year or two down the road. Every Otterbox I've owned (many) has lasted the entire lifecycle of the phones and tablets it was protecting. One note, the Otterboxes I used on my Samsung Note phones always had just enough room to install a tempered glass screen protector under the case but the one for the iPhone 6s Plus would not allow it. The case fit the phone nice and snug, no room for a tempered glass protector. You can remove the built in Otterbox screen protector but I think that would diminish the water resistant design of the case. For me, it's Otterbox cases protecting my electronics.
0,The quality, fit and finish of the mount is good. It's well made and looks sturdy. Whether it fits your car may be all about the angle of the vents I.e. It fits seamless on my wife's Merecedes but does not work on my old Discovery. It's the same with most vent mounts, choose wisely and if it fits, this mount will not disappoint you.
0,Great Product I love it and the price was less than the store and I got more for my money! Thanks!!!
0,Thx
0,Wife using this with a battery so wanted short cable to charge phone in purse. When used with wall charger seems to charge faster.
0,Love this case
0,Use this around perimenter of home to prevent insects.
0,Exactly as described.  Great phone.  Quick ship.  Very satisfied.
0,This has given the additional protection my screen needed and I have dropped my phone twice with the protector on and had no damage.
0,these are 100% the best phone mount period!! I have them in all my cars and bought one for my mom too. well worth every cent, stop holding your phone and buy this now.
0,Easily my favorite case.  It is a 2 piece with excellent protection from drops.  This does not protect from moisture however.  Buttons all work great and when you put it together, there is a feel that it goes on "too easy".  That is until you try to take it apart and you realize just how secure it is.  I am a mechanic and use this at work along with a good screen protector.  The slim minimalist design is awesome.  Protection is off the chart.  Believe me, I drop and bang it around a lot.		I would compare the protection to the otter box commuter series, but a way better build.		Side note:  The wife has the same case in Purple.  She continuously get compliment on how nice of a case it is.
0,Tested this today. Used the USB-C port on the Anker with a certified apple USB-C to lightning cable ($25).	I was at 60% from 2% in 34 min.
0,Really cute. Openings are nice and it's not a struggle to get cards out. Wish the plate that fits the phone was more securely placed in. I use it when going out and don't want to carry much.
0,FUN LITTLE ITEM. WORKS PRETTY GOOD. PERFECT FOR PHOTO TAKERS
0,It is better looking than the picture.
0,I used double sided 3M tape to attach this to the Gameklip which hooks itself onto a PS3 controller. This can now be used as a universal mount for the Gameklip.		I play Android games and control the AR Drone 2.0 using this mod.		Great price for a great quality mount. PERFECT!
0,Excellent! Fast Shipping!!
0,I love this case, it fits on tight and right and for the price you cannot beat it. I just wish it had a belt clip
0,This is a nice case, fit well on my Galaxy S7 Edge. I also did a few drop tests and the phone is in good condition! The case is nice and slim, no to bulky which I like. Recommended case!
0,Fits great, protects very well.  However, I broke the hard plastic part trying to take it off once.  But it's still holding together anyway.
0,Love all of Speck's cases and when translated from german, its bacon, who couldn't love that
0,GOOD PRODUCT
0,Very nice quality
0,Thank you very much.
0,I think this case is awesome. I'm a big fan of two piece cases since I feel like they offer the most protection, and this one is the perfect amount of rubber and case without being too bulky. I was a bit worried that it wasn't going to stay on and offer much protection since the rubber insert didn't really have to stretch to go on (its not on very tightly), but it has a lip around the edge of the screen that seems to keep it in place quite firmly. I also really like that the rubber isn't super sticky. Its just cushy enough to be protective without attracting all the lint and random stuff in the bottom of my purse. haha		I got the purple color and its surprisingly pretty. Very understated, more of a lilac in person than the lavender that it looks like in the picture, but its still very pretty. The hard shell snaps onto the rubber insert very nicely and it fits together on my phone perfectly. It also looks really good around the back of the phone around the camera. It looks like whoever designed it kept in mind what would look good as well as function well. I'm very happy with this!
0,As advertised and shipped promptly.
0,The product is alright, kind of pricey and make sure when you order this product tell them about putting the accessories that they offer, that's what happened to me, but they refund some money, though. I am happy with this product.
0,My MacBook goes everywhere with me. Between school and work that is a lot of traveling and that is a lot of ways that things can either get lost or broken. One of the things that it seems like I have to replace a lot if chargers of every kind in my house so I always like to have backups and more backups.		  One of the things that was different about this cord then a lot of the cords that I have used is that it is braided and is rather tough. This is great especially for someone like me that is always plugging and unplugging her computer for various reasons. Since this does is not the traditional plastic it makes it harder to kink. I have had this for a little over a week and it has yet to show any side of wear and tear and no kinking whatsoever. One of the things that I really have not seen in a charging cord is the built it Velcro closure that holds the whole cord together so it doesnt tangle (not that it even could if it wanted to.)		  The cord works beautifully and fits into my MacBook 12 with Retina display perfectly and I have had zero issues with my laptop charging or working properly. The Type-C side of the cord fits perfectly into the charging port with ease and stays and doesnt slip out with movement of the laptop. The USB side to the cord also fits great into my Apple charger without issue. My laptop charges at the same rate as if I was charging with the Apple charger. This charger is a nice length so that there is no issue of me charging it while doing something else, this is great for someone like me that needs a long enough cord so I can be on my desk and still charge my laptop since I don't have that many outlets in this room.		  Overall this is a great charger. Not only does it work perfectly but the fact that this cord is so nice and long makes it that much better. This is a great backup charger or even your go to charger if you are in the need for one. The quality of the material that its made of and the fact that there is that Velcro enclosure makes it nice and convenient.		  Ireceivedthis product for free in exchange for my true and unbiased opinion. The opinions expressed in this review are mine andmine alone. Nobody or nothing has influenced my opinion. I in no way shape or formhave arelationship with thisdealer.
0,works real good
0,I bought this for my son's IPOD Touch.  It does what it is supposed to do, protect my son's IPOD from the occasional drop.  It does just that.  It protects the back and sides.  We have not had any issues and it has held up.  No rips, tears, etc...  He's had it for about two months now.  Great for the price.
0,I absolutely love this case. It is a wonderful heavy duty material. It "was" a pre purchase for my iPhone 7. However my husband fell in love with it and placed it on his 6 plus. The case works fine as long as you are using a Bluetooth device to listen to music. The dimensions are the same but because the 7 will not have the earphone jack the plug doesn't sit flush where the speakers are located. Well I placed another order for a second case which will still arrive before my phone since I am a Prime Member.
0,I purchased this quite a while ago and its still strong. I couldn't tell you how many times I've dropped my phone. Thank goodness for this case.
0,Great charger. It works well with a case on too, even the thicker ones with a kickstand. Been using it for several months with my iPhone X. Makes charging at night so easy.
0,Perfectly protects my iPhone 6s Plus when I go on adventures. Does dull my voice a bit I've heard from others, but that is going to happen in exchange for good protection.
0,I really love this wallet case for my samsung galaxy light cell phone.  It fits in the case perfectly and it looks really nice.  It appears to be made well and will protect your phone.  This is the first case I brought that encloses my whole phone so it took a little getting use to talking on the phone inside the case.  The slots for credit cards and id cards are really convient when you don't want to carry a purse or pocketbook.
0,This is a great item and it was available at a great price.  It was shipped quickly, and I can not think of any reason not to recommend this product or seller.
0,Wow pleasantly surprised with this purchase. My note 4 stopped working after almost 2 years.  I am a phone snob and that phone was the best.  Well i was eligible for an upgrade so got the S7 Edge.  Took it back after 3 days.  Did some research,  watched YouTube reviews of countless phones.  Well Note Edge was the final decision.  Bought it "used" but this thing looks, feels and performs like it's brand new.  I paid about a quarter of what i had originally paid for the S7 edge.  Do your homework,  there's deals out there.		**update** 2 months later phone is still going strong. Did purchase a spare battery due to the horrible battery life (maybe last half a day with heavy use). But to me, thats one reason why I wanted this Note, for the ability to swap out the battery.
0,like it
0,great protection for GS 5 on the cheap, fits and installs perfectly
0,Very nice screen protector. Easy installation
0,This Bluetooth arrived just as described the Bluetooth and case I purchased matched up perfectly.  It is a good device with a great price.
0,Recently I purchased Barbuda and luckily they came with a case like this, but very few do. Around the same time, my daughter purchased a set of green ones without a case,so I looked online for green ones and could not find any but I found these.		This case is much nicer than it looks in the picture. It is dark brown with gold threading. It would be appropriate anywhere, but especially attached to a computer case or attache case in a business setting. It also could hook onto a purse.		It appears to be well made and the zipper seems sturdy. It is hard shell to protect it's contents you put inside. If there is any change in my evaluation I will comeback and adjust my review if needed.z
0,I needed a battery to carry around.  This product does the job perfectly, and has a good feel to it, to boot.  It doesn't feel cheap, and I really like the little drawstring bag that came with it.  This lets me put it in my bag without worrying about scuffing the glossy finish, or damaging anything else in my bag, as well.		Great product
0,I Love this case! Great for my large phone. It slips in and out of my pocket with ease. Protects my phone without being bulky.
0,Changes the whole appearance of your phone.
0,I was able to fix a Galaxy S5 in this one, but bottom line - it is an excellent product if you are planning to go for a run or any type of exercises. Highly recommended for health conscious individuals who want to take their phones everywhere (yes, even shopping).
0,Worked well, until I dropped my phone with it plugged in - after that, it wouldn't stay plugged in anymore. Matched the phone case I bought perfectly, and loved the length.
0,beautiful!
0,My engagement ring is an emerald.  Since I've got that ring, all of my jewelry seems to be an emerald or emerald green.  This charm is not lacking on the green or the sparkles.  Great addition to add if your bracelet needs some sparkle.
0,Really love this cas  very oddly surprised case is really durable w/ added protection of a safety glass.
0,<div id="video-block-R2YBQW9WPA9B06" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1A9HrBhEyS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/01B6cyMhGrS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Inexpensive, yet great. i am very satisfied with the quality of this cruzerlite case.
0,Great fit and quality as always. This is a slim case so I would not use it working in construction. Other than that, you can't get any better than Spigen when it comes to iPhone covers.
0,Works on the Samsung s4 like a charm.
0,By far this is my favorite power bank, it looks nice and compact, from a single charge i get to charge my phone's battery, my tablet's battery and my bluetooth speakers as well and still have 50% of battery left, so if you're planning to buy this power bank for your cell phone only go ahead and do it as you will be having change for days as it gives you the chance for charging your cell phone like 4 times (in my case). Here are some pictures you can see of the power bank, i like it a lot.
0,Purchased as a gift for a family member and they love it.
0,One of the best easy to install products for screen coverage I've used by far! excellent packaging, thorough, precise instruction (And I hate putting these on) and it looks great! Everything it claims easily and not a "cheapie" product at all. Very happy with it!		I received mine at a discount or maybe free for an honest review which I've given. Definitely would recommend!
0,Product was as described and received promptly,
0,Love this phone. I am still looking at "How" I delete multi-pictures at the same time.
0,This is a really nice case for the price!  I don't expect it to last as long as an actual OtterBox.  It was easy to install.
0,Perfect fit with seamless screen response.
0,Very happy
0,It looks flawless with my rose gold moto 360. It was easy to attach, stays on securely, and hasn't tarnished after daily use. Super happy with this purchase.
0,working well no complaints comes with its ouw carry bag nice touch to keep debris out of the ports when im traveling
0,I love the bow
0,Love how the cord lights up colors! Pretty colors on the plugs! The only bad thing about it is after using it over time the metal part of the plug that goes in your phone gets flimsy and if u have a thick case it's hard to keep the plug in the phone! That's why i'm giving it 4 stars.
0,Looks great
0,Case was great Does the job. Straight Talk service stinks....I use Tracfone service.
0,I loved this case, it's really really cute! I got so many compliments on it :) The case is weird though, I guess the black glittery part under the rhinestones is kind of like a sticker, so in some places of the phone case it was starting to peel or the plastic started lifting, but other than that I really liked the case! I recommend it!
0,I had some issues with bubbles at first but I finally got it installed with no bubbling after peeling it off and applying about 4 or 5 times. Align the top on your phone then use something as a squeegee as you work the plastic down over your screen. The anti-glare works perfectly, I can see the screen clearly in full sunlight.
0,Good overall. Great for the cost of the product. Exactly as described and would 100% definitely recommend to anyone who loves a good case and a good deal.
0,Works great! Very durable. Holds the phone in any position with the magnet.
0,This case is sleek and light weight. The visual finish is astounding and this case will protect your phone in casual drops. The case is light and easy to grip. Slides in and out of pocket easier and resists lint. Sides do bulge slightly at the edge sides and make for an unnatural feel. However the case doesn't negatively effect the edge capabilities. I highly recommend this case if you prefer slim cases.	*case recieved with free promo*
0,Gave this as a gift for a white elephant work party.  It has a good capacity and size.  I wish it had a better presentation value but the brown cardboard box does the job.		I purchased a short combo USB/lightning cable to make it universal.		Good investment overall
0,looks good and has held up well with constant use; would buy it again if I needed another one--doesn't stretch or crack like other materials can
0,I purchased the 5XL pouch together with my Nexus 6 smartphone, based on the extremely positive experience I have with the 4XL pouch in which I keep my older Nexus 4.		I was looking for a pouch that would fit the Nexus 6 with a Diztronic TPU case, and wasn't sure if the 5XL would be able to accommodate the combination. The Nexus 6 has a 5.97" screen and the 5XL was advertised as being big enough to fit a device with up to a 6.3" display. Nonetheless, I took a chance and ordered the 5XL.		To my pleasant surprise, the combination fit! It was a bit tight at first, but the leather has stretched a little with use, and the Nexus 6 in its TPU case now slides in and out of the pouch with little effort.		The pouch seems to be made of a fairly durable grade of leather, and the stitching is closely and consistently spaced. The only concern I have is the metal "Krusell" nameplate on the side of the pouch; the metal anchors of the nameplate could conceivably wear through the inner leather lining and scratch the phone. If you're like me, you'll want to insert the phone with the screen facing away from the plate.
0,I know i can take this anywhere and feel comforted knowing my device is protected. It is completely enclosed and snaps together easily.
0,Outstanding value. Now able to fast charge both my phone and my Fire at the same time. Great for a data cable too.	Just a bit on the stiff side but that keeps it from tangling.  Great product.
0,I love it. It fits perfectly and the screen protector is great!
0,Fantastic, my wife loves it and it was as described.
0,Super thin, doesn't Cover all edges but I like the slimness of it. Slightly slippery.
0,This is a really nice and classy looking leather cover for my new iPhone 6 plus.  It just feels good.
0,Perfect fit. Easy to apply. Feels great to the touch.
0,I ordered several different batteries and had to return them all for various reasons before ordering the PowerBear.  This battery is the only one that gives me better performance than the OEM battery that came with my phone.  I get about 30 hours of battery life with moderate use on my Note Edge.		My only disappointment is that the battery doesn't support NFC.  That's the reason I ordered this battery last.
0,Nice, but hard to get to the USB port cover without long nails.
0,This was a very nice slim case that felt like it offered good protection without bulking up the phone. It also nicely covered the edges. The only reason I returned this is because I decided that I am prone to dropping phones and thought a wallet-style case with a wrist strap would be better since the phone is too big to fit in my pockets.
0,After trying other screen protectors and getting frustrated with the bubbles, this one was so easy to put on.  I did clean the screen (since I had just given up with another screen protector and too many bubbles) before I placed it, but there are no bubbles at all.  Or, if there are, I cannot see them.  I literally placed it on the screen, it stuck and was perfect. No messing around with bubbles or placement. So, if you have been fighting with other screen protectors, this one is for you.  The screen is not quite as clear (almost slightly frosted), but it is still very clear and I can do everything on it.
0,Great quality
0,I am using the CASE FRIENDLY version with my LG G2 and an Incepio featherweight case... the two pair up quite nicely!  Thre is not much more room (maybe 1mm) for clearance between the case/screen protector so if your case overhangs lots it  would be an issue
0,Easy to use and come very fas
0,Excelente producto.
0,Worked great easy fix
0,I love this thing I have 2!
0,a case that seems pretty durable. well made but inexpensive. It will fit your phone, but works best without a it being in another case.
0,Some what large on the sides but very minimum you can barely see is off, the product does what it supposed to a must have on the Moto360
0,Great case of durable feeling material. Openings are large enough for chargers and headphones. Buttons are easy to press. Keeps phone lightweight and slim. The case adds no bulkiness to the phone. The case is clear which I like as I am able to show off my Gold Note 5. I would recommend this case to friends and family.
0,It's wonderful... it's also a little bit difficult at first to remove it from the cell phone but after a couple of times it becomes easier... the design and quality are just amazing!
0,Really good and recommend to buy.
0,Had case for 2 + years and phone is still in perfext condition just wish my phone would hurry up and break cause im wanting a new phone worth the money
0,Great "universal" holder for GPS and iPhones.  Suction pad is very sticky, so get the placement right the first time as it's difficult to remove.
0,While I haven't needed it, this does seem to offer a fair amount of protection. I would use caution when installing though. I was able to get it lined up properly the first time, but I could tell this was going to be a one shot install.
0,Great product. Looks and feels solid. Recommended.
0,excellent
0,I have used these cases since my iPhone 4s. I have never looked back. While providing protection for the corners and a bit of the front area of the phone, this case does not add much bulk at all. While showing off my new iPhone 6, everyone did not realize that it had a case on it. The best compliment a case can have IMHO. While having my iPhone 5s replaced at my local Apple store, one of the "geniuses" was recommending the case to one of his customers. This case will not offer the same level of protection as Otter and others but it looks and feels better than those cases and provides the basics and a little more.
0,The phone is great. What Im like about the phone is that whenever I receive a message or an email it makes a loud ring. No other phone does that. Thank you.
0,This will protect your phone hold 2 /3 card at one time . great if you have to be at the gym and the only thin you want to bring is your phone .
0,Excellent
0,working great
0,It fits perfectly and having a rubberized cover is absolutely necessary so that the phone is no longer so easily dropped.  Also, the phone still fits inside my holster, though it was very tight for the first week or two, where originally the phone was a little loose in the holster).		The price is a bit of a gimmick, presumably to attract the ultra price conscious buyer (it's really 2.99 with shipping, which is USPS, so it's basically 2.50 for the cover and 49 cents postage) - however this cover is still cheaper than other similar covers.  But really, do they truly think we are so stupid when they play their little cheap-price/expensive-shipping games with us?		I would go with a plain smoke or black rather than the argyle pattern if I was to do over (but that's not a negative on the product per se, so no star loss).
0,Great portable charger. I get just about 2 Full charges (from 10 to 100) on my Galaxy S7 on just 1 full charge from this charger. Nice portable size and it charges pretty quick !  Worth every penny !! Great buy .
0,When it comes to any of these external battery packs you're basically making compromise between size, weight, capacity and price. The "lipstick" size is pretty much the only one you can fit in your pocket with your smartphone and not have too much of a lump.		Tip: Purchase the Amazon Basics 4" Lighting or micro-USB cable. You can then charge your phone in your pocket or bag without the "rat's nest" of a 3' or longer cables. You can also hold a phone and the battery single handed with this combination.
0,Nice case. Fits well and I can use the holster for my phone in other slim cases.
0,Worked well.
0,This thing has taken SO much abuse, and my phone is still impeccable. Worth EVERY PENNY
0,Love it. No problems with it
0,Can't beat it for 15.00
0,This case fit my phone perfectly and has been protecting it well. The little grips on one side keep me from dropping it, and I've gotten tons of compliments on it.
0,Fit perferctly with no alterations
0,great product.
0,Powerful enough to recharge my Tablet twice.
0,Nice case
0,The Phone Ring Grip and Stand, 2 in 1, 2 pieces arrived quickly and in good condition. The two ring/stands arrived individually packaged. I really like these.  Not only are they simple to apply to the phone or phone case, in my situation, but I feel much more secure holding my phone that I won't drop it. Yes, that's why I have a case, it's a protective case, because I'm a dropper.  Having this to slip my finger thru to hold onto while I'm using my phone so I know it won't just magically pop out of my hand, as my hubby says lol, is a great relief.		The phone ring feels comfortable because it swivels 360 degrees so I can easily use the hook whether I'm reading using my phone in a vertical position or watching a video with the phone in a horizontal position. Not only is this wonderful for holding your phone but it also doubles as a phone stand!  So if I'm in a convenient place to sit my phone down to read of watch videos (and who doesn't love those adorable animal videos), I just prop open the ring and use it as a stand.  The finish on these are very sleek and elegant!  They're very attractive with the brushed metal look.		To me, a huge added bonus is the attachment for our vehicle!  We're avid campers and use our phones for multiple things while traveling in our rv. Primarily for GPS but also for finding campgrounds, gas stations, and yes, that big box store we all love to hate. LOL  So, to be able to have this small hook on the dashboard rather than some large suction cup, vent blocking device, or cd blocking device, this is a vast improvement for us. Once the ring is snapped onto the hook it's secure and snug.  I'm very happy with this feature!		I purchased these for a discount in exchange for an honest, unbiased review after testing the product personally.		Pros:	Attractive Brushed Metal Finish	Secure hold phone using ring	Ring doubles as a phone stand	Dashboard attachment is small and convenient		Cons:	None
0,Very durable for someone as clumbsy as I am. It's plastic with a rubber type grip. It can hold 2 cards comfortably. 3 cards is pushing it. It will still close and lock into place, but it bulges out severely. I also need to use my nails to open it. I press down and slide, but that doesn't work. I need to squeeze my nail between the case and the slideling part in order to open it. I've had this case for my S5 and S7 and both had me use my nail. I'm happy it's a snug fit but I wish it was a bit easier to open sometimes.
0,First off... this is the BEST Bluetooth headset I have ever owned (works great with my Apple iPhone)!!!  However, I did have a few quality issues that I would like to share:		1) The first Jawbone I bought (from the Apple Store) worked GREAT!  Noise canceling was flawless, and everything worked as advertised.  Within a week, I lost it at the airport, and tried to go back to my old Plantronics headset.  I immediately realized how much better my Jawbone was, and bought another one at the Apple Store.		2) The replacement Jawbone had problems where the earbud kept falling off in my ear... YIKES!  I immediately exchanged it for a new one at the Apple Store (they exchanged it no questions asked).		3) The next one seemed to work well initially, but would suddenly become a static nightmare about 5 minutes into the call... resulting in the caller hanging up in frustration.  Finally I was able to switch back over to the phone fast enough when this happened, and salvage the call.  I realized that this was not "normal" (based on my earlier experiences with my first Jawbone), and that I must have received another bad headset.  So, I exchanged it at the Apple Store (again, no questions asked).		4) The next one works absolutely perfect, like the first one I got.  :-) If you buy one and it does not perform as expected (or breaks), try exchanging it for a new one first, rather than assuming it doesn't work well.  Trust me... this headset works VERY well!		Additional things to note:		- you will need to try ALL combinations of earbuds and earhooks to find the setup that works for your ear.  Once you do, it is very comfortable.		- the "hidden" buttons on the headset are easy to use... they just require getting used to (one day of use).		- yes, the headset is bigger, but extremely light -- I often forget I am wearing it.		- the volume control on the headset is pretty useless, so plan to use the volume control on your phone (or better yet, just leave the volume on the highest setting).		- the noise canceling feature is on by default, and although there is an option to turn it off, I cannot think of any reason to do so.		- you will soon realize that the Jawbone headset sound is superior to using the phone itself, and you will never want to hold the phone up to your ear again... ;-)		Be careful, and don't lose it!!!  :-D
0,Great protection.  Fits great.  Goes on very easy.  The hard plastic will definitely keep my phone safe from falls.  The picture is really cute to. Nice vivid colors.
0,Works perfectly for smart phones and small tablets.  Works with iPad Air if you don't touch it.  Once you do, it will tip over.  It has rubber pads for the contact points to the table and phone except for the point where it touches the back of the phone.
0,nice
0,Perfect replacement phone for the one that my Mother-in-law dropped into a toilet - not 100% waterproof!  I purchased a refurbished unit for a very inexpensive price & it works great.
0,This works exactly like I expected it to. No complaints. The additional ports really do come in handy when I'm traveling with others. No more taking turns charging.
0,My wife loves the fit and feel, it sparkles she says! It has the raised bevel to save the screen a little but you may consider a scratch cover for the screen!
0,I enjoy that this power bank does not get hot when charging and also includes a bright flashlight. I have others that charge a bit faster than this one, but they get very warm to the touch. This one charges slower, but does not get warm and is perfect to put in a bag while charging. The flashlight is a nice added bonus and I have found myself using it quite a few times at work.
0,BRAVO	Thanks
0,I bought this phone for my boyfriend and he loves it!!!! Great size and it does rubs fast in 4G. We have it through net10 and once I called and activated the SIM card it worked automatically without having to go through the settings and make any adjustments...  It does everything all the other snartphones do.. Couldn't figure out how to do the screenshots though and then camera does take time getting used to but it also works great and takes beautiful pictures. . . this is a great phone for the money...
0,Good long HDMI cables
0,Works great to quickcharge my Galaxy Note 7 at the same time as my wife's while driving. It came with a micro-usb cable.
0,Very good case, solid as well. It is a bit bulky but it's an iPhone 6 Plus song hatbox expected. I was happy with the purchase.
0,I'm really enjoying this case.  It does not obstruct any areas on my screen from functioning as some previous covers have done.
0,Very cool I like it a lot
0,Just received and try out. Since this is a new gadget to me and would like the charger can charge the phone faster. I like the design and built but would like to recommend people to get a better one " Anker powercore 10000".  It may worth for a $10 more.
0,Great quality cable!
0,This case was exactly what I was expecting from a $10 case. It looks and feels as you would expect, and I have had it for almost a two weeks not without issue. I gave it 4 stars only because I reserve 5 star reviews for products that go above and beyond my expectations, and while this did not disappoint, it also did not bring anything new or special to the table either.
0,All I can say is it is very difficult to find a small arm bank carrier for any price and I realized this before the purchase. This is not stylish but functional and you have to keep this in mind when ordering.
0,Fits nicely
0,great
0,This case fits phone great, love the way buttons are covered but the phone is protected well. Very happy with it
0,I think this works just like i wanted. Not very good quality, so minus one star.
0,Great case! Fits my iPhone 6plus perfectly, looks great and gives great protection. Highly recommended!
0,ok.
0,very very nice!
0,its so damn cute, and the color is very nice, which is great because i don't see the 530 in bright colors :(	as for this being able to protect the phone, I'm not sure this would do much, because of how low quality the phone is.
0,great case, can hardly even see it on phone
0,Work good with my Samsung galaxy note 3
0,This fits perfectly.  The best part about this is once it's on, it looks REALLY good.  That's probably because it's actually glass.  So it's clear, and adheres well and doesn't peel up like the plastic ones do.  It's a little thicker because it's glass, but after a day, you're totally used to it.		The only catch is the phone MUST BE 100% DIRT, DUST, AND FINGERPRINT FREE.  Like completely.  No specks AT ALL.  You get one chance with this thing, and any little speck will show a mark or bubble.  But don't let that scare you.  We got ours on the first try.
0,Excellent product
0,great item, as described
0,Works great, Watch out for your video display cable coming loose when you unscrew the back cover on your phone. Mine popped loose, and i took it apart and put it together three times before i noticed. It has nothing to do with this part, but it almost got me! If you are not tech savvy, and used to doing work on super small connectors, find someone who is.
0,super nice
0,tough and made in america.  I added a tempered glass cover and phone is well protected.  Only issue is that it won't allow the phone to seat well onto those magnetic holders (like you stick in your air vent).
0,Great screen protector I bought from the same seller, for a Moto G 1st gen but i got the one that does not hold finger prints, I tought i got the same one, but this one is clear, and does leave finger prints on it. It mas my mistake but will use it anyway. One plus is that the seller will send you some links for some videos so you can learn how to install very good and installed without a problem.
0,This charger is so dependable, I will be ordering more soon for friends and family. I need some more colors
0,Very easy to apply.  Very happy that I bought it.  Will buy again when I get a new phone.
0,I love my earpice as i got this to replace my old one. its so clear and iv not had any dropped calls nor any static. I encourage everyone to get this
0,Good quality case. Wanted a cover to stop having the phone make unwanted calls or launch apps when in my pocket. Only drawback is that when the card slot is actually used the case no longer closes flush with the phone. More of an aesthetic issue for me than anything else.
0,It works well
0,I like it! I Take it with me when I go camping and I know it will solve charging problems!
0,This cover is amazing it doesn't make the phone heavier and bulky to hold. And guess what I dropped my phone while running on the concrete road with cover on and cover took it all, nothing happened to S5. Cover has good screen lift that shields & protect the screen in case of falling.
0,exelente
0,Okay
0,Very very very fast charging. I will be purchasing another one for myself soon.
0,I love the case! It protects my iphone really well.
0,Awesome product.
0,Good quality.
0,A big problem on your iPhone
0,Robust and easy.
0,Bought this for my LG G watch.  Easy install.  Works great.
0,VERY GOOD.
0,Tempered glass screen protectors are so much more durable and reliable than the flimsy plastic protectors I first used on my phone. That said, this one comes with a very high price tag, and while it is much more durable than a regular plastic sticker type protector, I don't know that I would spend the 19$ that it is currently priced. If it were less though, I absolutely would, as it is durable, easy to apply, and can easily protect an expensive phone.		Also, because it is glass it is pretty much like nothing is there. There is no harder tapping or extra glare, it just invisible.	I received this product for free in exchange for my honest an unbiased review.
0,[...] Check out my YouTube video to see how the selfie light works!		This little selfie light is awesome and it has great brightness. It is basically plu and play with three levels of brightness that get really bright. I love that it has a rechargeable battery and it truly does enhance your photo. It's very easy to use and super awesome. I highly recommend this item and I hope this review was helpful.
0,Just awesome, and the 10-foot length is much needed.
0,We have some smaller 2300 mah chargers, and those don't work very well.  I absolutely LOVE this one!  It takes a long time to charge, but I keep it with me (in the nice padded case) and am able to charge my phone  at least 5 or 6 times, or power my handheld radios (that have USB ports) for a long time! It is pretty large, but that doesn't bother me.  I try to keep it on the down low so my teenagers don't steal it from me because they would love it, also!
0,This portable battery is a tad heavy, but it does it work. Charges quite fast. It has come in handy when we need to charge our phones, tablets in a short time.
0,Very effective to charge all my devices. Just connect your device complient cable and it charges our phones, pads and blue tooth devices. I enjoy the power switch, as some older devices lack the ability to control overcharge. This works well with some of those short cables that you get from the manufacturer.
0,Fun and colorful case with great matte texture. Case did become looser at the joint over time rendering it unusable because if i held it by the top coral portion only the case would separate and my phone would fall.
0,very pleased great design
0,Great
0,Nice quality cables.
0,This phone is great.  I used to have the S4 and this one is way faster.  My favorite new feature is the fingerprint login.
0,Finally a pouch that will hold my iPhone 6 with a "skin" around it.  Clips on my belt and works just fine.  Have ordered several to have spares when the original finally wears out.
0,Very high quality.  Highly recommend the case. Fits perfectly with my Iphone5.  Not sure what previously review stated, but my case did not come with a screen protector.  I bought 2 cases.
0,good
0,Also had good experience with Anker chargers
0,What a great phone and I don't know why all theses bad reviews about it.	The phone is super fast, great display and camera.	The phone never lag and does not over heat, it actually get warm more often than usual and it become warm same as my HTC one m7.	And it's updated to 5.1.1 Wich is great, the only thing I wish that LG change thier interface as HTC great interface.
0,Case fit my phone well and protects the phone just fine.
0,Works great.  The build is of good quality and the light ring is not bothersome at all when driving at night.  Just bright enough to find it in the dark. Charges super fast too!
0,My family members all seem to really like this phone. My teenager liked the screen size, colors, and little things such as the clock system allowing you to set two alarms. Upon receiving it, we read the other reviews and decided to try the free Google voice option that someone mentioned, so we've been able to use this WITHOUT any phone plan at all. Gotta love that! Of course, you need to have a free WIFI signal to use it this way, but this is a great option for parents with kids nagging for a smart phone! It comes unlocked, so thrifty parents - your kids can look cool for a one time fee - LOL.		I'm more about the camera and aps than using the phone for calls, so I won't speak to dropped calls, the LTE part, etc. I'm also new to using Android technology so think of me as a true beginner (and read the other tech reviews for the nitty gritty information).		All phones boast their megapixels and this one shines with 13 megapixels. For those that work with design and use image dimensions, that translates to a max of 3120 by 4160 pixels. You should be able to blow that up to a fairly big print to place on your wall. Contrast it with the iPhone 6 which has fewer, coming in at 2448 x 3264 pixels. I've not found any connectivity issue using apps. I like that there are two card slots too - should you choose to use them.		Comes with a case that is almost invisible. (This means even more money saved!) There is a screen protector on top, which we accidentally removed thinking it was one of those plastics you sometimes get on your computer. We could've put it back on, but there is another protector also in the box. (Strange to get 2 protectors, but thank you BLU!) - We did get a minor bubble in the bottom corners after applying the protector. It's still there. I think some other people mentioned that. But seriously, are you grading a phone on the protector?		For the bang for your buck, this is an impressive phone. Certainly gorgeous! Feels good in my hand. As mentioned, I would highly recommend parents use it for their kids.  I've also considered giving one to my parents (kids grandparents) as the huge screen makes it so easy to read. I'm very satisfied with this phone for the cost and I think you will be too.
0,These covers will work as long as you don't have kids tugging and constantly messing with your phone. I like them but my baby pulls them up.
0,I ordered these for the privacy screen and I am very pleased with it! You really can't see anything if you look at it from the side! Which is perfect if you don't like it when people stare at your phone. I haven't used the other screens protectors yet but I'm sure they are just as great. It was very easy to apply. This screen protector is thick so you can feel the difference but it doesn't affect anything. You will however have to make your phone a little brighter but I made it slightly brighter than what it was without the privacy screen and it's perfect! Only one thing I didn't like and that's the fact that it doesn't go all around the home button and the corners are starting to lift.
0,Worked
0,GREAT CASE.... LOVE IT
0,I received these headphones with my phone, and they felt cheap and crappy when I first felt them. I decided to give them a try, and they definitely had me blown out of the water. I was so surprised at the quality of the headphones. I was using some skullcandy earbuds at the time, but once I had these there was no second thought at which ones I was going to be using from then on. I want to get a couple more pairs, but I haven't gotten around to it. I would recommend these to anyone who doesn't want to spend much on good quality.
0,great product.
0,Great commerce.....ordered it quick, got it quick, was just as promised..great product for cheap. This is why I shop with amazon..
0,This a good quality cable. All USB cables for the Samsung Galaxy s5 are bigger in diameter than other cables because of the high power charging that the phone needs. This cable is a heavy duty flat cable that charges my phone quickly whether it is hooked up to my computer, wall charger or car charger. I order three of them so that I have one for my computer bag, my car and one that is hooked up to my laptop at home. Great value!
0,Perfect!
0,I think this is a very great option to use this wireless charger in addition to my Samsung charger. I think I might just purchase one more for the office.  Some of the reviewers got theirs for free because they were technology journalists. I'm not, but I am an engineer. For the price, hard to beat.		Purchased a new 2nd for work band and I can charge anywhere! . Also considering tithe I inclined 3 coil model for my nightstand.  Two great products so far. If If I do get the 3 coil model I will let you know more about that!
0,Excellent quality, love the length.
0,Wouldn't recommend anyone buying this its doesnt protect the screen as expected
0,Good!
0,Great product, great price! I would buy this case again.
0,Worth every dollar
0,Great charger, works perfectly with my Nexus 6
0,Pain in the rear to replace pretty much the same procedure as the screen removal. As for this product it was easy to install once the screen was removed. just wish I had noticed it before completely reassembling the iphone from a screen repair.
0,Bought as a gift for my brother. He says it works great. Thank you
0,Fits snugly and seems to protect well since it was already dropped on a wood floor and it was fine.
0,Top notch.  Use on harleys
0,Love this thing, capacity is great and the device itself is small so I can take it anywhere.  Wouldn't say its comfy for a pocket but great for travel or backpacking.
0,Nice sturdy USB Micro cables. Working great and look great too!
0,I was looking for something with the smallest foot print. I received this next day and so far it is getting the job done very nicely. Another feature why I selected this was the holding and releasing mechanism. Unlike others that you have to fumble to take the phone in and out. This is easy to open and automatically clamp upon I setting your phone. Now that it past the test, I will be ordering another one for my other car.
0,ERMAGHERD!!!!!! im a guy that cant stand cases, it makes the phone fatter. But this case was like a pair of sphanx!! nice and tugged!
0,Grandson loves
0,I have the iPhone 6 as a company phone.  I bought a pre-owned 5S as a personal phone to work with my Macs, Apple TVs and Apple routers.  Other than the smaller screen, the iPhone 5S is a very good phone.  It is fast, responsive and the touch ID is very convenient. After I upgraded to IOS 8, I can make and receive phone calls from my 27" Apple Cinema Display as long as the iPhone and the Mac are connected to the same wifi network.  A very convenient feature and I use it all the time.		If you are on a budget but want an iPhone, I would suggest to buy a pre-owned iPhone 5S from Amazon marketplace or eBay.  They often have pre-owned phones in "Like New" condition and at half the price of a new one. Just be cautious that the phone doesn't have bad IEMI or it is iCloud locked.  I took a chance on this it and it work out perfectly.  By the way, 64 GB version is no longer in production so if you could grab one at around 50% off, it would be a good buy.
0,best buy for the price
0,Works as described.
0,Overall I am really pleased with this product. I own a Tech Armor ballistic glass screen protectors for all my apple devices (Watch Sport, iPhone 6+, iPad Mini) and have even gotten my dad to convert from the horrible, fuzzy film screen protectors to the Tech Armor Ballistic Glass Screen Protectors for his iPhone 5c and iPad Air.		Pros:	-easy install	-crystal clear	-good protection	-rounded corners for cleaner look		Cons:	-like all the others, it only protects the flat surface of the glass	-chipped around edges after a few weeks of use (although, I'm rough on watches)		******UPDATE 7/18*******		I wish I had taken a pic before I took this protector off. Unfortunately after only a month of use this thing chipped around the edges so bad that I couldn't take it anymore. I ended up trading out this screen protector in combination with the Spigen Rugged Armor case for this case http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00XONVW0W?psc=1&redirect=true&ref_=ox_sc_act_title_2&smid=A1LWHYTZATVG8I
0,best phone holder so far.	This is my 3rd of various types.  First type (not iOttie) broke trying to remove from vent, used it for 2 years.  Second one worked (not iOttie) fine but the release button was a bear to press and it blocked the dash screen .  This one holds phone good, button works nicely and does not block anything
0,just as described. thank you
0,This is my second investment in the extended battery.  It is generic product, but worth every single penny.  It will make your phone thicker and heavier, but it will give you extra 4-6 hours battery time compared to original battery.	Battery cover is also made of good material and will fit well.
0,excellent product, 100% recomended
0,This case was a fairly good fit. Doesn't add too much bulk to the overall size of the phone. My biggest dislike is that it is made of a very hard plastic and thus when using the phone with one hand it becomes very difficult to utilize with your finger. If you rest the base of the phone on your pinky and use your thumb to swipe you will have an absolutely Solar pinky halfway through the day. Did not work very well for me at all in that aspect. Other than that the quality of the product is very good and the fit is fantastic. It just did not work for the way I handle my phone. It might be a great product for someone else.
0,Thanks, great do busines with you.
0,Very nice and clear nice display too
0,Holds exactly what it says. I have the same problem with the indicator lights going from 3 to 0. Regardless of that fact, I get the allotted number of charges even though it has indicator problems.
0,I ordered this product for my wife's new Paperwhite Kindle and she has not had any complaints.  The cover is Silicone, so it has that weird rubbery feel to it, but it comes with a textured back to increase finger grip on the unit.  Unlike other silicone covers that I have experienced on other devices, this one fits very tightly, but is still easy to put on or take off.  The only problem that someone might complain about, is that there is no screen protection (ie: open face).  This was not an issue for my wife and I however.
0,Love it!
0,This is my second exact case.  It's made of very comfortable material that feels cool in the hand.  It is also quite sturdy for a cheaply priced case.  I bought this a second time because my son liked the first one so much and it lasted so long, approximately 1 1/2 or 2 years.  That is awesome for phone that is owned by a very cellie active teenager!
0,great for running!
0,I love the color, that's mainly what I bought it.  But I really love how the textured on the back really makes it easier to grip.  Also the gold side is very stylish.
0,This case was perfect, with a great look and feel. I would recommend it for anyone looking for a high quality protective case. This phone case seems to be working well,like the fact that is light weight, clear and if needed the case comes off very easy and can be put back on with the same amount of ease. Case is good quality, thin, and does not scratch easily. It does not provide much protection from dropping of course but is a nice slim case to protect overall phone. It shows the beauty of your phone unlike other bulky cases that make your phone look ugly. Better than my old leather case for the fraction of the cost. Overall very satisfied. I received this product to give honest review.
0,Ingresa justo.
0,The product fits perfectly for my Galaxy S7 as advertised.  I like the screen protector, as my old one had the line down the sides, making it hard to click on certain things.  But this could erst the full face.  The only thing I wish it had was a kickstand built into the back casing itself, instead of having to use the holster. But I don't use it enough to dock stars, just beware.
0,I'm not a pink color kind of girl, but I do love this case. I wanted something other than black or blue. It does a great job protecting my phone
0,A perfect solution.		The design puts my phone right above my armrest and reduces the time I take to look down significantly. The mechanism to loosen the grip surpasses any other design that i've used. I have owned about 12 different types of phone holders and this one is a clear winner for me.		Pros:	Easy grip	Sturdy	Sleek		Cons	Chemical smell out of the bag
0,No complaints.  The 2.1 amp output charges my S5 very fast.  I was looking for a smaller charger that would stick out too far, this worked perfectly.  You will not regret buying this charger.
0,Perfect, unless you have one of those cup style phone holders attached to your motorcycle - then the case makes the phone to wide to stick in the holder.
0,AMAZING PROTECTION
0,I had a GS4 and bought a refurbished S5 to upgrade. The refurbished one is nice and hard some scratches on the sides but not that big of a deal. No cosmetic flaws but the one I bought came with a weird speaker. The speaker sounds so distorted. Other than that, I do enjoy the phone. There's a lot of bloatware which bothers me for 16GB and I use a lot of apps and etc. The battery drains quickly. I like the fingerprint functionality. I like the S5 because you can add a SD card. The one persistent thing I hate is the front camera. Which is why I give it 4 stars. The front camera compared for the S4 is just utterly terrible! It's grainy and has a lot of noise. The colors aren't as accurate and it just doesn't compare to the S4. I really like the S4's front camera and I'm so disappointed in the front camera of the S5 since I take a lot of selfies. The rear camera is great though.
0,Best screen protectors we have used to date.  I discovered them for my other girls Moto X and use this for my own SG4.  The feel of the traction is perfect, and the non gloss finish is great!
0,worked out great to protect the screen
0,It was a tight fit, but once I got it on, it fits perfectly.
0,It feets perfect on the phone and gives good protection, dosn't look bulky. It only adds 2mm. Very good. v
0,Fantastic love them, fit wonderful.  Never know exactly how they will fit but these are great!!  I recommend these are perfect.
0,Is very good but the Contour is not big enough to protect the phone if it falls over the screen.
0,Excellent product , I like it !
0,cool Case!
0,Worked well with minor peeling/dirt over time.
0,Super stylish cover ! Even quality is good !
0,Thanks
0,Already had the iGo charger but needed a different tip when I got a new phone.  This worked great with the Motorola Droid.
0,Great product, shipped fast and arrived quickly. It fit right on, and the screen cover works great, you don't even notice that there is a cover on it. Great, would recommend it to anyone.
0,super cute and protective!!!
0,used in an FJ cruiser..with a samsung J7 phone..swings around a bit on the magnet, but this phone is heavy, and with a case. hangs on to my cornering and off road driving...so far so good. love the grab n go feature, that side clamp style mounts don't do....
0,Works great OEM part.
0,Purchased this case a few months back. I'm still using it now. Dust gets underneath it a bit but it's easy to clean. Really shows off the design of my Galaxy S6 edge.
0,Everything I was looking for.  Works perfectly.
0,It is not the color pink shown... it is more orange/pink colored. OH well.
0,This is pretty decent case that protects my phones from all angles and still allows me to see my beautiful shining phone! The backing is a strong plastic and the hard rubber on the edges allows for great shock absorption. I feel pretty safe if I drop my phone, though if there was a point smaller than the surface of my phone, the screen would be history. Great case that will protect from Minor to Median falls with a flat surface. The case doesn't slip at all on the phone also.		* I also had the opportunity to receive this product for review purposes *	None of my reviews are fabricated and are 100% my opinion and based on my personal experience with the product.
0,HELLO!	GALAXY SAMSUNG EXPRESS 3 [ 2016 ] SCREEN PROTECTOR IS DURABLE.I	WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO OTHERS.
0,Just arrived and looks/feels FANTASTIC!
0,Great product.
0,I've purchased more than a few of these. They all worked flawlessly on my iPhone 4. They charge up quick, quality products and durable. I've traveled with them everywhere.
0,I like the case! It feels good!
0,This is a great stick. Bigger than most and very rugged. Survived being stuffed in side bags on my street bike for 4500 miles, several off road adventures on my dirt bike. The remote button works great with my I-phone 6. It is bigger than others I see while traveling.
0,This is the perfect case for the Moto G3!  The SUPCASE fits so well that it feels like it was factory-installed.  It fits snugly over the edges of my Pleson Glass screen protector; so, in addition to protecting my phone against minor drops and bumps, it also provides some protection for the edges of my screen protector against chipping, being pulled off, etc.  The slightly raised edges around the front and back provide a sure, comfortable grip for using the phone with one or two hands, as well as for putting the phone into, or pulling it out of, my shirt pocket.  This case also enables me to hide (inside the case) a thin metal plate used by my Scosche magnetic mount to hold the phone on my dash while I'm driving; this is essential in states (like mine--New York) that require portable electronic devices to be both hands-free and mounted to the car's dash.
0,I really like the quality of these protectors. Easy to install. I did get this product for free and will definitely be back when I'm in need of more supply.
0,Works great.  I have no issues connecting through my otterbox commuter case of the folio case for my ipad.  Seems sturdy and well made.  No issues with an iPhone 5, iPhone 5s, or a iPad Mini Retina.
0,My child dropped her iPhone 6 in the toilet. We have only had these for a matter of months and I did not buy the warranty and am still paying for them. I had two options, pay for a phone that we can't use or try to repair it. I put the new screen on and discovered the phone still randomly shut off. I then replaced the battery and cleaned out corrosion. The phone works like new, so happy I fixed it
0,Nice case
0,Great case.  Very solid.  Only issue I have is that my display brightness doesn't auto-adjust anymore.  Not a huge deal, but bothersome nonetheless.
0,There screen protectors. They worked served the purpose and allowed me to use one. Not scratched easily Quick shipping and receiving. Again there screen protectors. Not sure how else to put it...
0,great case really protects the case one flaw the screen scratches easily even though it has its own screen you still get scratches on it but other  then that good case
0,When my wife thought it would be okay to put a water bottle in the same bag that held her iPhone, she didn't anticipate that the cap might be loose. It was, and some water leaked out into the bottom of her tennis bag and came into contact with her phone. And that's all it took to lose the phone to water damage.		The guy at the T-Mobile store who set up her insurance replacement phone (big vote for smartphone insurance here!) said, "Do you want to go pick out a Lifeproof case for that?" When we said no, he said, "It's worth it. I know firsthand!"		My wife doesn't like anything covering the front of her phone, so she's just going to try not to get it wet again. I decided it was time to protect my own phone with a Lifeproof, so I ordered this one.		I did the test. Close up the case without a phone in it, and place it in a sink full of water for a half hour (weighed down with something to keep it from floating). After a half hour, remove the case and pat it dry on the outside, then open it up and inspect for leakage. The case passed that soft test.		I have to say I don't love the feeling of the case over the screen and the switches (power, volume). I really prefer the natural feel of touching the original glass screen and the control buttons. But I like having the protection against rain, droplets on the bathroom counter, etc. The case is thicker than the one I used before, and it doesn't slide in and out of my pocket as easily. But it does protect.
0,Case fits great
0,I rate this product 5 stars because its cheap, good value for money.  But if you have screen protect on you iPad . It will take 0.3second to responds . If you don't have screen protector, it's fantastic .
0,This is a great screen protector for your phone. Detailed instructions made it easy to install without any problems. The high quality product does not hamper the use of the phone and will protect it from scratches from daily wear-and-tear. I highly recommend this phone protector for your phone. A great company with a wonderful product.
0,I just got this watch band, and it's perfect. It was easy to replace the red leather band that came with my Pebble Round. The only thing I don't like is the $20 price tag - a rip off for a small piece of silicone. But, it's more comfortable than the cheap leather band that came with the Pebble, which I'm sure would have cracked over time. Silicone is a lot more comfortable than anything else. I even wear the watch to bed so it can track my sleep, and it doesn't bother me, which amazes me. It's very comfortable.		The photo is of the "Police Box Blue" band. It's close to navy, but a shade lighter.
0,does its job... i only use the back though, so having the dry apply is nice.
0,It is something i recommend if you have the black iphone not white. It does protect and it is small enough
0,Very pretty	Very classy	Will be ordering more soon
0,Got this to take on vacation with us this summer. Worked great, you need a head phone jack to snap a photo so if you have a newer phone that doesn't have one this may not work, but I'm not sure
0,Cant go wrong with anker! Best products out!
0,A+++
0,Excellent Product!
0,This case is pretty inexpensive and yet is very nice. I doesn't add excesive bulk and has a good ruberized grip on the back so it doesn't easily slip out of your hand. All in all, a good purchase.
0,I am so beyond impressed with these 2 pack of tempered glass iPhone 5s screen protectors! I am a big fan of these as I have a toddler and they save my phone from his temper tantrums. This is hands down my most favorite brand I've ever received. It came very neatly packaged! Even came in separate holdings as shown below to ensure no damage! They came not broken (some others i've used before had came already shattered) I am SO happy with these! It was easy installation, no air pockets, no tiny bubbles nothing! Thank you so much! 5 stars for you!
0,Works Great!
0,Design seems to work well, but parts broke off on my second use.  Seller reached out to me and made things rights.  Good seller and product.
0,nice looking.
0,Heavy duty phone mount. Works good in my big truck.
0,I ordered this case for my daughter! She loves it! AND I ordered her another case also from this same seller!!! Its nice!!! Thanks...........
0,Real nice. Makes my phone look nice.
0,Best iphone battery case I've owned up to date!! Really charges my phone and it's easy to use.
0,This is a fairly stylish case.  The photos online make it much more glossy looking than in real life. The case has a solid design and is quite light; even though it is a smooth metal frame case its curves enables better gripping of the phone.  The ports and buttons are free from any obstructions and the case comes with a glass screen protector, small lanyard, carabiner and a couple extra screws. I don't understand the carabiner because it doesn't fit in the hole for the case, but it is a nice touch.
0,The screen protectors (2) comes with a two alcohol wipes and two cleaning cloths. So there are no dust particles or bubbles underneath the glass. If you have obsessive compulsive disorder like I do, this is great. The screen protector is much more durable and efficient compared to plastic sheets, it definitely worth it. With this I only need one protector as opposed to three flimsy sheets that come in a pack. The screen protector is not edge to edge, but if the glass were any closer to the edges the screen protector would actually prevent my phone case from fitting on the LG G3, so it's not completely covering the edges, but it is a good thing if you're using a thick phone case to fill in those gaps. The screen protector covers all of what you need, which is the touch screen. There is an opening for the front facing camera and grill on top. The glass does not prevent me from using the pull down notifications at all. The screen protector is very easy to apply, so much better than plastic film protectors. The touch screen is very smooth there is no drag at all. It really feels great. I would take a picture of my phone, but I take pictures with my actual phone and I can't make it take a picture of itself, but I assure you it works. The glass can sometimes get a bit dirty if your hands are greasy, but it won't actually show when the screen is turned on. If you wipe the screen protector really good with a microfiber cloth it has a very nice polished look to it. Overall great protector that definitely get's the job done, my screen is clear and you can't even tell that I have a screen protector on unless you took off my phone case and see that the edges don't full touch. This is a great value for the price. I got the LG G3 tempered glass screen protector for a discount for reviewing purposes, but came here to drop the honest truth.
0,Great price, good product. Thin and ultralight weight. Nice, simple case.
0,These OKRAY 6ft Extra Long Micro USB to USB Cables Charging And Sync Cords are pretty darn durable! The 6ft length on these cords is by far my best feature as one of my pet peeves is having cords that are extremely too short; these cords actually give you plenty of room and allows you to your device without being right next to the outlet. I received the three pack with purple, pink, and hot pink and the colors are really cute! These cords are nylon braided which makes them look less plain and boring as well as making them stronger. I haven't had any problems with these cords and for the price I think it's a heck of a deal! I would definitely recommend these OKRAY 6ft Extra Long Micro USB to USB Cables Charging And Sync Cords!		**I received a discount on this product for testing and reviewing purposes and this is my honest and unbiased opinion**
0,Great product i recommened for everybody
0,It works well but not as good as expected. I need to try it with other charging pads.
0,Strong, easy to put on (and off), nice color, comfortable to hold.  And, so far, has protected the phone from a 4' drop onto ice-cold asphalt.  Cover itself was a bit scratched, but phone was fine. Would buy again (and probably will).
0,This is a great cellphone holster and very secure.  There is a belt clip and two belt loops for added security.  It also has a formal appearance for business.
0,very good
0,Good
0,Great battery fast charge
0,Charger was received in a timely fashion and was as advertised. It is well made and works fine, I would highly recommend this item.
0,Excelente
0,Works as advertised. Just line up the metal connectors with the ones on the back of the phone, peel off the tape and press firmly.		As many have mentioned, installing this pad has a few side-effects		1) Makes it so that you cannot use an aftermarket/extended battery.		2) Makes it so that you cannot remove the battery (and consequently your SIM card) without potentially causing the pad to tear off. Not a big issue, as you should be able to re-apply the pad, assuming the sticky substance is durable.		3) Makes your back cover bulge out a bit. The reason for this is because the inside of the phone cover contains ridges. When the pad is installed, the protruding ridges can no longer fit into the areas that were previously unobstructed. The solution is to get a sharp knife and carefully shave off the ridges. This will mostly eliminate the problem.
0,Looks good and so far wears well. Offers little to no drop or slip protection but keeps my phone from getting scratched up. It is what it is..
0,Excellent product works as intended.
0,This case is great for the HTC One A9. It fits great, still allows the phone to remain slim and sleek and it looks great. I am not a fan of bulky cases, so I always worry when I am purchasing online because they tend to be bulkier than you are led to believe through pictures, but not this one. I like how easy the phone was to get into the case, but it still fits snug and I can trust that it will not fall off or anything like that. I am extremely happy with this purchase especially for the money that I paid for it. I received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for an unbiased review.
0,Hubby needed something to protect his phone after breaking 3 screens. He loves it and has had it for awhile and still uses it every day.
0,I have many lightning cables from Anker, I never have any problems and this one is no different. 6 feet is a great length for bedside use or couch use for me, it is a thicker cable that never gets tangled and so far no bends have developed after daily use and not really taking care of it. The lightning side is small enough to fit into my case which doesn't have a huge opening so that is great, I've seen cables in the past where the plastic portion prevented me from charging without removing my case. I've used this cable with battery packs, apple chargers, anker chargers, PCs and it works fine with all.
0,Fantastic, Does Everythink that I wanted it to do very securely and is easy to take the phone in and out of the holder.  Highly reccommend!!
0,just be happy that you get more than one for a low price. The main problem with this is the covers have a hard time getting the air bubbles out. and they don't handle well to impacts
0,Very nice phone, too bad for me the Amazon send me this phone is not an unlocked device, I have install 2 active SIM cards from AT&T and T-mobile were not recognize by registry. Then I could not get the wireless service at all.
0,I bought this for my son, I like that it came with the little cloth to clean the phone screen before you put the other one on without bubbles or fuzzies for a very clean and smooth screen protector.
0,Great case
0,Work great!  Let's my charging block go full speed AND they're robust!  Ran one through the washer and dryer by accident.  Functions perfectly still.  Great to pass out to people who need them and at $3 each I'm not worried about getting them back.
0,I had one for the galaxy 3.  So, I had to get it for the galaxy 4.  I love it.
0,I bought that phone for one of my friends	And he said it was very good	The sipping time take longer than I expect,	But it's ok
0,I finally found a good case to use for holding a couple cards and maybe 1 or 2 cash bills in my large iPhone 6s+, securely. I used to use an Incipio Stashback with my old iPhone 5s, which worked wonderfully. However, I was not happy with the design and construction of the Incipio offering for the 6s+ (I actually tried one out at the AT&T store). This Verus case does a good job of containing and protecting my cards from loss, while still maintaining the phone's overall thickness to as minimal as possible, and also providing a measure of protection with the lip extending beyond the front face of the phone.		The only downside of this case is the design of the camera/flash surround; it tends to gather and channel pocket lint inward, coating the lens and requiring me to frequently clean the lens before being able to take a spur-of-the-moment photograph. Still, I would buy this again; it's a nice case that I think will easily last the 3+ years I normally keep my phones.
0,Good, no-frills case.  It protects against minor drops, scratches, etc.
0,She loves it. Well made tight fit
0,Excellent
0,I've used MagPul cases for my last 4 iPhones, the only one I was disappointed on was my last phone (6 Plus). The field case for it was floppy after a while. I opted for the heavier Bump case this time, and I am happy again. Firm and well made, yet not too bulky.
0,I purchase this cell phone for my brother. beacuse he couldn't find this model in our country. It arrived on time long before the holidays. He is very please with this type of phone. He loves the window 8.1 and he says its easy to operate then the android phones. And the phone is not expensive and it works fine.
0,Works great. I was a little skeptical because of the price. This will charge any of the android phones in the house. Couldn't be happier. We plan to order a couple more.
0,my 15 yrs old son likes his new phone
0,Fit my phone perfect!
0,Works good for any cell phone  battery
0,I have been using otterBox defender series cases since 1985 on my first BlackBerry. I have never broken a phone inside of one of these. My point is if you were to put this and an OtterBox defender side-by-side no one could tell the difference. From the craftsmanship to the clip and holster it comes with they are identical. I actually have an OtterBox defender for my other iPhone and no kidding they are identical. Some people have complained about the colors I ordered purple and black and it's kind of a pinkish purple and black but it still looks really good! And for nine dollars to get an OtterBox defender generic is absolutely insane! I will probably order a couple more for backups for the difference in price between this and an OtterBox I can get six or seven of these one for every day of the week.all kidding aside and it is an incredible case and the price is just absolutely unbeatable. If you get a bad one or one that has a defect or blemishes I am very sure of the company that sells them will send you a replacement.
0,My truck is older and doesn't have any USB outlets.  This works great allowing me to charge different devices using their own USB cables without having to bring individual chargers.  I like the convenience of the ON/OFF switches on each individual outlet.  The three foot cable is long enough to put devices on the dash, console or floor.		I've had this charger in my truck for about a year and a half and it is still working great.  It doesn't seem to be bothered with the extreme heat and cold that it has been subjected to.
0,Exactly what it says it was and worked as well as it needed to.
0,Loved it
0,Lots of fun, hope you are not subject to motion sickness!!
0,All came up!!! I pleased
0,Works great, better then ones from store, less bubbles caught in them. Covers more of the phone screen.
0,Love this case. Very light weight. Like the look and style for my iPhone 6.
0,This is a beast. I love it!
0,Item as described, packaged well.
0,Battery life is short but still using.  Love the compact size.
0,Seems OEM but took a while to get here from china.  Looks like the original I had.  If you are not in a hurry can get from the mainland.
0,Great cover, doesn't easily scratch
0,Minimalistic case that looks sharp.	Not sure about the protection it provides but better than nothing.
0,I get a lot of compliments on this case
0,The low profile of this charger really makes it stand out (or doesn't at all, depending on how literally you read this sentence: it sits nearly flush with the panel of my car). Both cars I have used this in cut power to the cigarette lighter when the car is off, so I had no concerns about leaving it in (good thing too, because it can be difficult to get out of the socket due to its size). It can charge at 2.4A on both USB ports simultaneously. I was able to charge my phone and my friend's iPad at the same time. If I need another car charger anytime soon, I'll buy another one of these for sure.
0,Lovely phone at a reasonable price. It has a memory card slot which I didn't see in the online description. As a result the 4G LTE is definitely preferable to the 16GB 3G model. The white color is also lovely. I upgraded from a Samsung Exhibit II, and there is no looking back!
0,I generally get longer cables so it can reach onto the bed easier. I don't have much of a worry about it bending in one position too often as the protective braid helps straighten it out. I use Anker for my iPhone cables as well
0,Worked perfectly.
0,Product itself lasts but the stand feature broke too fast
0,Purchased this for my teenager's phone.  Why the kid gets a better phone than mine, is a question better left alone.  The case appears to work, providing a good level of protection from the inevitable drops.  Several months of use has gone by, so I feel confident in reviewing it to recommend it wholeheartedly.  It is not a water proof case by any means, so it will not solve the genius (technically the kid is a genius) dropping it in the toilet, but otherwise protects it.  It also comes with a screen protector, which goes on fairly easily, as these things go.  Again, recommended.
0,Fast and effiecient service is much appreciated among many, and that is all this company offers! i ordered this for my girlfriend cause she always loses her chargers, and these work much better than the original that came with her phone! they are excellent!
0,These are great cords. The length is perfect...enough to move around, but not enough to get tangled up in. The color is versatile and not at all to cheap looking. I love the nylon braided cords, since my cat won't chew them and they seem to be a lot more durable and protective than other cords. So far they fit nice and snug, and seem like they will last a long time.
0,Excellent fit. Should provide solid protection. The slightly raised rear rubber surface is very comfortable and easy to grip. Shipped very fast from Amazon.
0,bien
0,Power and volume buttons have quality feel when pushed that makes this case feel much more expensive than it is.
0,EXCELLENT PRODUCT, GOOD CARE OF SELLER. I RECOMMEND 100%
0,I could not wait to get this battery. My LG cell phone would die within hrs of being charged. I had purchased a battery from this seller in the past and it was all they said it was so decided to try them again and I am not sorry.  I love it.. it was almost fully charged when it arrive, an added bonus.	Now my husband wants one to  replace his as we have the same phone and the same age.  I use mine much much more than he does so I need a good battery. This original LG battery does it all.. Love It..
0,Update: Anker support sent me another one. Works well. Hopefully this one last longer.		When it works it works great. But after I plug in two iPads, a phone, and a smart watch, I have to check to make sure they're all charging. 1-2 of them won't be, so I have to unplug those and plug them back in, then check all 4 again. Has no problem charging them all once they're going but I've woken up many mornings to see that one of my devices didn't charge at all at night.
0,I ordered this for my White Iphone 4. It does fit perfectly. The color is a lovely mint-blue shade, slight gloss to it. Very nice packing and the quality was much better than I had expected. Not just a cheap plastic case; it's smooth, sturdy...fits to a T!	The case does not interfere with flash/camera as some tend to. That's a plus. I love this enough to purchase more in different colors!
0,I bought this as a gift for my friend since she wears her fitbit everywhere, I thought it would be nice for her to have a fancier band. It looks great and fits perfectly. She really liked it!
0,This seller/company continues to surprise and impress me. This purchase is for the purpose of stocking stufers. I've owned this same item for myself and am very very satisfied with it. It charges everything I've thrown at it with no problems whatsoever. And if there IS a problem this company address it and does what needs to be done. They are on the top of my favorite seller list.
0,I truly love my case.  The metallic looking blue color is awesome!  The case is smooth but not slippery.  The rubber at the edges is very useful.  I'm so happy I bought this case.  Thank you very much
0,I put Samsung SATA3 SSD into it, and it runs fast as I expect. Plastic cover looks cheap, but it does work!
0,Phenomenal case!  Excellent quality!  Totally waterproof. Great job Catalyst!  I would definitely buy this case again! Easy to install. Follow the instructions and you can't go wrong.
0,Excelente la compra de este equipo muy bueno me gusto lo recomiendo para futuras compras llego tal y cual como se esperaba a la fecha indicada.
0,Great product, this is perfect to protect your phone from falls, it also prevents the phone from sliding off surfaces, and it's a great look. Thank you..
0,Good price and Article doing his description. Fast shipping.
0,UPDATE 2/24/2015		I just upgraded my phone from a Samsung Galaxy S2 to a Galaxy S5.  The S5's power input jack is different than the S2, so this unit no longer works for me.  Be advised - check your input jack size and shape before ordering.		ORIGINAL		Cool little gadget.  This is in essence an external battery, but it's really more than that.  This small cell phone-sized unit can be used to charge other devices.  I have used it mainly as an external power source for a cell phone, also to recharge a cell phone when other power was not available, and to recharge an iPhone.  It works great with both Androids and iPhones.  I was able to get about 2.5 complete cell phone recharges for each recharge of this external battery.  Nice!  This means that I could take and use my cell phone on long hikes, camping, on planes that do not supply power, in airports, or in other situations where power is not readily available.		This device would also work well with other devices that can be charged via a USB connection.		Here's how it works.  It comes with a cord that has a USB connection on one end and a micro adapter (matches Android devices) on the other end.  Just insert the USB connection into any USB power supply - wall unit, computer, etc., - and the micro adapter into the matching port on the device.  Then when you need to charge another device or use this as an external power source just plug the USB end of the cable into this device's USB port and the micro adapter into the matching port on another device (phone, tablet, etc.) and it will charge automatically.		I don't know exactly how long this external battery takes to charge because I usually just plug it in at night and it's ready to go in the morning.		Any device with a USB cable can be used with this device.		This external battery also has a set of four small lights that indicate remaining charge.  You can check the remaining charge anytime by simply pushing a small button.		5 stars for utility and convenience.
0,Awesome case!!! I bought it for my friend and he loves it!!!!
0,Good quality Thank you
0,Thks
0,Works great, with 2 ports for those 10 ft. cords that will enhances your gamING prowess.
0,This is a powerful charger and it has three ports for receiving two USB ports and another port.  The unit does take a long time to charge, but it will charge your phone quickly.  It is slight more bulky than I would have liked, but it does the job.
0,I use this with my Yamaha PDX31 Portable Player.  It allows you to play music and charge a Ipad or iphone without removing it's case if your is in one.
0,I've only had this case for a few days it do far I love it.  I bought cases before that say leather & it's obvious it is PVC but this is soft like leather.  My only complaint is the magnetic flap hangs Over the screen a little when I have it flipped on its side to watch videos.
0,Good
0,fits well
0,Beautiful
0,Great cable!
0,Love that this case is interchangeable and it protects my phone when I'm in the gym.
0,Good product.  Works as expected. Liked it enough to buy 2
0,Purchased one for my wife and she liked it so much she asked for another. It does tend to change color slightly if you keep your phone in your pant pocket. The edges and corners darken a bit. But it offers great protection and for the price great looks. The phone was accidently slamed into the cement road when my wife tripped while holding the phone. The corner struck the pavement and only scuffed a little. The damage is almost non visible! And the phone still works great!
0,I have been using this battery for the past 6-7 months exclusively. Under my normal usage, I get 2-3 full days on battery and 8-10 hours of screen on time. Occasionally, I can get 3 days on battery with 12-14 hours of screen on time off of a full charge. I would highly recommend this extended battery. The added bulk is comparable to an OtterBox; however, the battery does make the device noticeably heavier. I like it, but it definitely is not for everyone. I personally think it makes my S3 feel sturdier. The case itself could be better, but I have dropped my phone a couple of times without any damage, so it serves its purpose just fine.
0,Nice
0,Absolutely amazing.
0,Easy to install, nice quality and less finger prints. Compare to Skinomi , this screen protector is more durable and easy to install by far, no spray, no wet staff to deal with.
0,excelente
0,nice!
0,Excellent
0,I just received this item and installed it the same day. These type of screen protectors can take some skill to install, but in this case (for the Gear S2 smartwatch) we are talking about a circle about an inch in diameter with no tabs or cutouts. So the screen protector went on very easy due to its small size.	The product comes with instructions, link to website video with good video tips, spray solution and squeegee. The item is so small there really isn't much that can go wrong.	It looks like this will offer excellent protection as the fit is quite perfect. I will come back and update this review after a few weeks of actual use.	UPDATE Jan 2016	First of all, I should have mentioned that this protector was for the Gear S2 Classic model.	After almost two weeks of use, I can say that this is a great screen protector. I simply cannot tell that I have anything installed on the screen. Really impressive. Clarity is superb.	there have been no issues with the edges coming off or loose as I have read with other products.	I have dropped the watch once and don't notice any marks on the screen so i am really happy.	I can recommend this product without hesitation! (and have also purchased another one for my new smartphone).
0,Ok
0,Fun game for the politically incorrect
0,it works.
0,My wife has RA and consequently her hips hurt on occassion.  Her rheumatologist recommended getting a knee pillow to help alleviate the problem.  The pillow is soft but not so much that it doesn't hold its shape when in place.  My wife says that it stays put fairly well and she only had to adjust it occasionally if she wakes up. It has definitely helped her sleep better. Since she started using it she says her hips rarely hurt when she wakes up. The cover comes off so she can wash it and it fit back on easily after washing.  The only problem is that it makes her legs hot from the memory foam.  Otherwise i would give it 5 stars. She really likes it.
0,great phone lov it
0,fit perfect
0,Got this for my boyfriend and he is very pleased with it.	Says it charges things faster then normal chargers.
0,Works very well. Deducted one star due to what appears to be around 22 or 24 gauge wire . Drok makes good products; beef up the gauge for a sure-fire winner!
0,This is a very attractive, nice case for an Iphone 5S, it fits well, looks good and is very light and you barely notice that it is there.  It adds almost nothing to the weight, the width or the height of the phone.  It also does a nice job of protecting the phone against scratches and falls (from a reasonable distance).  I would definitely buy this again and highly recommend it.
0,Innovative design that keeps any design crimped tightly while biking. Design works as intended.
0,Put the external antenna in the attic, ran the co-ax down a central pluming column, put the unit in the basement - I now have perfect cell signal in my entire underground basement and much better signal on the first floor.  I did have to pay attention to the aluminum foil wrapped, tin heating and air ducts in the basement in considering placement.	Setup was easy and quick.  Omni directional antenna is perfect for putting the unit in the middle of an area.
0,These cables work great.  Connections are snug fitting..  I inspected the section where cable and USB connect.  This seems to always be the part that goes first on the usual generic ones.  These Omni branded ones appear well constructed.  Very happy with the quality offered by this brand.  Will be order from them again.
0,This is a great product. I have owned many IQ shield screen protectors. I received this one for free. It is extremely easy to apply the screen protector. All you need to do is follow the easy to understand instructions. Just make sure that you clean the phone glass and make sure that every piece of dust and or lint is removed. Nothing is more frustrating then taking the time to make sure that the screen protector is aligned perfectly to find out afterwards that a piece of lint is under it.
0,They fit wonderfully I love them a lot will order some more soon thank you again
0,Excellent product!  Charges FAST and many times over (cell phone) before needing a re-charge.  Highly recommend it.
0,Great
0,Works great
0,I keeps these on hand at all times. They protect our moto from shattering the sceen. Several times the protector has chipped off or shattered but the watch screen remains untouched.  I feel secure using this. My husband uses his watch daily in an outdoor job with lots of equipment and puts that screen protector through the tests.
0,I bought this in December for about $90. A friend got it on an Amazon lightning sale for $70. Radio Shack has knocked it down to $50 at points. This is a very good choice if you want an entry-level smartphone with a decent set of features and mostly acceptable performance. If you have more money to spend, in the $100-200 range, you might check out the HTC Evo instead (right now Virgin has it for $150). Above that, try looking at the Samsung Galaxy SII (which I've seen for as little as $225 on Boost). These pricier phones will give you better performance and bigger screens with HD resolution.		But if you're dipping your toe in the smartphone water, this is a fine choice. Some additional observations:		1. This comes with Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich. The current version is 4.1/4.2 Jelly Bean, but HTC will probably not upgrade the OS on this phone due to RAM restrictions. And 5.0 Key Lime Pie will be out in the spring. These new systems are not absolute musts, but I do clearly prefer JB on my Nexus 7.		2. This phone has a smaller 3.7-3.8 inch screen. I prefer that and have tablets if I really need a big screen experience. You might not like this, though.		3. The phone does not support NFC, so you can't use your e-wallet. It's still a bit early to worry about this, but NFC will probably catch on by next summer. So you need to think through just how carefully you want to prepare now. CVS is already installing the equipment to accept e-wallet payments from phones with this capability. But don't worry. Debit cards won't be obsolete for a little while.		4. The phone does not support mobile hotspot operation, which is nice if you are carrying tablets.		5. The screen is OK for video although I really think you should consider a bigger phone or a tablet if this is a priority. Angry Birds looks fine on it, though. YouTube works pretty well off a wifi connection but stutters on a 3G link.		6. Network performance for Virgin on this phone has been adequate for me but nothing special. I can make calls, read email, get CVS and UPS text alerts, and check the news and weather. That's been fine for now. But the 3G networking is clearly not up to zipping along. If you're in a locale with a lot of public wifi hotspots (e.g., Long Island), you might be able to hop from one to the other. In less metropolitan locales, keep your fingers crossed.		7. If you get this phone, invest a little time and money and energy using Google Play to download widgets and active screensavers. Use these to customize your screens to suit yourself. Unlike iOS (which I also use), Android 4+ offers customization opportunities that Apple can't match. In skilled hands, this phone has the potential to make your iPhone friends envious. By the way, while there are ways to purchase through the Amazon Android store on this phone, I've found that it isn't worth the bother. I don't really save anything, and going through the Amazon market makes transferability between my Android devices more problematic.		I intend to keep this phone for a year. When the fall 2013 sales heat up, I will replace it with something covering the deficits I mentioned above.		PS: If you get this phone, you're also going to need a micro SDHC memory chip. I recommend at least 16 GB. 32 Gb is also OK, and you can always swap it to another phone later. Make sure you get a MICRO chip. Otherwise it won't fit. And get a Class 10 chip, not Class 4 or 6. The performance is better and the additional cost is mnimal.
0,I live in Venezuela and I am getting is just the products, everything went well, delivery times were respected and everything is in good condition, greetings, blessings and successes, recommended 100%, thanks.
0,This is a simple but very effective Apple Watch stand. The place where the charging cord goes fits in exactly like it should, which seems to be a problem plaguing other similar items.  This stand gets it right! It's not bulky or overbearing and everything fits like it should.  I really like that it includes the protective case and the screen protector.  I really didn't want to have to use the case but I soon found out that my watch was getting bumped a lot with daily wear and I wanted to protect it.  This would make a great addition to your night stand to charge your Apple watch.		I received this item free of charge for review purposes. My reviews are always my own honest and unbiased opinions.
0,<div id="video-block-R2W6TYA1ZLJ5UR" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/E1GazCuVWCS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/7101OaLypJS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;I absolutely love this monopod selfie stick and not sure why I never hopped on getting one before bluetooth selfie sticks. Do not get me wrong I LOVE BLUETOOTH selfie sticks but, the fact that I do not have to use bluetooth or charge my selfie stick up to 3hours was a huge plus. I have been wanting to take my selfie bluetooth sticks with me on a number of quick trips to capture some footage and pictures but the fact that I was in a rush or did not have the selfie stick charged resulted in me leaving my bluetooth selfie stick behind. So I missed out on a lot of great shots because my selfie stick was not fully charged.	 This selfie stick by URPOWER is awesome!!I do not have to worry about charging my monopod at all, all I have to do is plug in the 3.5mm jack into my phone and voila I am ready to snap away. The handle has a button built in on the handle and I can simply press it for pictures or videos. Now one thing I did not like, is that this does not record audio when in video mode. I actually use my selfie sticks for video mostly but I can totally do without the audio since I edit most of the videos anyway. Just keep that in mind if you are trying to decide if you want this or not. You would have to sacrifice sound for this one, they have it listed on the listing as well regarding no audio. The extension of the pole is a decent size it extends to about 31 1/2" from where the metal begins from the handle to the very top where it ends. With the handle it measures about 37 1/2" from the top where the metal begins to the end of the covered handle, this is not including the attachment. Overall it is pretty sturdy,well made, easy to set up quickly, & I do not have to worry about charging this on spontaneous trips.	*Note: Sample was provided to me for evaluation purposes.
0,This is a wonderful case.  It fits my Toshiba Chromebook 2 13.3" perfectly (this is a new Chromebook model: CB35-B3340, and there aren't many cases out there for it yet), along with my LG G2 smartphone and my Nexus 7 tablet.  There are pockets for all of these things.  The color is vibrant (I got the purple), and the neoprene exterior sheds dirt and moisture reliably.  The case is well-padded and makes me feel like my Chromebook is safe from dings and shorts drops.  And the interior!  It is a lovely, plush fleece, not a "nubby" fleece, but a faux fur type of fleece . . . so soft!!  There is nothing on the inside or edges of this case that could possibly scratch your new Chromebook.  I just love it.  Also, the strap is fully detachable and can be tucked into one of the pockets or it can be adjusted to fit over your shoulder or across your body.  So, you can carry this case either by its handles or hands-free as I described.  I cannot think of any negatives whatsoever about this case.  I highly recommend its purchase for all of its features at its low price.
0,good
0,I love this case. It fits the phone perfectly and it doesn't interfer with any of the buttons and its not slippery.
0,I love it
0,I purchased this case for my 9 year old son's phone. He is very ruff with his phone, but this case has stood up. He lives the black and red colors and that it has a kickstand he can use to prop up the phone to watch videos. It is a heavy duty case without being super bulky.
0,Great for my daughter who doesn't carry a purse.
0,I received this product sooner than expected, was shipped in a timely matter and well protected when shipped. This screen protector provides great protection, easy-to-install instructions (includes all the tools needed for installation) and the best thing is that it comes with replacements and instructions on how to safely do the replacement. Screen protector was very easy to install, easier than other screen protectors previously purchased, product feels durable and resistant and fits perfectly (when protected with a case, If the device is not protected with a case the screen protector might not completely protect the device's screen. I'm very pleased with the overall shopping experience and product. I will definitely recommend this product.
0,Very cheap, but it served its purpose. My wife uses one of the covers on a daily basis. I wish they had an insert for the buttons underneath to change bands but other than that they work just fine. I had no complaints and you get what you pay for.
0,Perfect!	Very prompt delivery too!
0,I really like it
0,Great
0,Didn't last long
0,4 stars only for the small loop that comes with this:  Ive had this for quite some time now, and it is an excellent bluetooth earpiece.  Easy to hear while driving in the car, can play music through it and take calls.  Only issue is the ear loop is way too small for my ear.  Would probably fit a kid better.  The loop that comes with it will go on my ear, but not allow the earpiece to fit IN my ear at the same time.  So I just barely loop it on my ear and jam it in.  Works ok. no problem.  Its a nice unit, and if I didn't need it badly when I bought it  (my other one died, different brand) I probably would have sent it back for a better fit.  Otherwise, it holds its charge for a LONG time when its not in use, and I can use is for several days before needing to recharge.  Maybe 2-4 hours a day for listening to music before needing to charge.
0,Easy to install. Greenish tint at first, but goes away after a few days--seriously! At this price, there's no need for a screen protector--just get a new assembly every few years.
0,Works great. I also bought the Anker version and although I like the Anker, I think the blue light around the two ports looks nice. The New Trent NT85T performed flawlessly charging a LG G Pad and a Samsung Galaxy S4 at the same time. Amperage was good and no complaints.
0,Excellent... Fast delivery...
0,Very good phone case fits perfectly nice job
0,Safety for my phone
0,It's great, but the separators keep coming out. Once they are out, you are back to a mess pf devices. I might glue them in.
0,A crazy strong magnet makes this car mount amazing!		I have never encountered a product like this before that uses such amazingly strong magnets to allow the product to work perfectly with any surface, not just for in the car!		The magnets used in this product make a very strong grip, they seem to be high quality rare earth neodymium magnets. The mount is very sturdy and made out of quality magnetic metal material. I have never seen such a unique way to mount a phone before I tested out this product.		This product is really useful to mount your phone just about anywhere. I was able to mount it to my wall and use it to watch videos with it. It is a amazing how strong the magnet is on this mount.		I am used to suction cup car mounts that are nowhere near the strength that this product is.		The unique magnet usage makes this product a must have!		I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest review.
0,Tried a few different magentic air vent mounts and found the iOttie to hold the iPhone 6 Plus better than the rest.
0,Great product. My kids love it.
0,Fits and works just as well as every other spigen case I've owned.
0,excelent
0,I have 4 Samsung Galaxy S7 Edges in my household and we go through a lot of these.		The iCarez Full Screen S7 Edge Screen protector came packaged well and with three screen protectors, a squeegee and guiding rubber bands.		These are not wet installs based on how iCarez has it packaged, but they are the same TPU screen protectors you see that require wet installs. I made it easier for myself and did a wet install as the way they have them it was too hard to get rid of the bubbles/		I love how iCarez packages their products. The packaging in minimal but elegant and they provide you with a lot of instructions and help to get the protector set on correctly.		The installation went on smoothly and it covers almost the entire screen, it is very precise and close.		I tested this with two cases a Spigen and an Obliq and the screen protector peeled with Spigen as they hug the edges, but there was no peeling with Obliq.		As I just put this on earlier in the day I cant vouch for how this will work in the long term. I will update my review in a week to write about how it is holding up.		Installation: Follow the directions and let me begin with saying how important the installation process is and it takes a while to properly lining the protector with the rubber bands. The more OCD you are about this the better the install will go. I put one of them and there were some bubble, but I did manage to get them out, it took me a good 5 minutes. Right now you can barely tell its even on there.		To get the best results you have to use an environment free of dust otherwise you will get all kinds of lint and dust stuck to it. I usually let hot water run in the shower until it gets steamy and then go to work. I have done this for all my installations and it has seemed to work out fine.		I always clean the screen with alcohol first to get rid of any residue and or oils on the phone. If this seems obvious thats because most people neglect to read directions or have never done this before.		I got this item for free or a reduced price. I do my best to review products honestly and don't let anyone sway my opinion. If it's a good product it will get a good review. If not, then it won't.
0,Just as described. Flawless.
0,Followed the instructions on the website and was initially concerned because of a few bubbles. The next morning the bubbles were gone! Great product, very clear. Am using these on my husband's moto z play and my moto z droid. If we ever need a replacement we would absolutely buy these again.
0,Love this. .
0,This is a very nice little case. It is a basic silicon case, and does not include screen protection. The colors are great and really appreciated by the 13 year old recipient for her green iPhone 5C.	The case fits the phone very, very well, all buttons are readily accessible, and it allows a secure grip.	My only worry is that it will not be very protective if the phone gets dropped, but I have heard other people say that the plastic case of the 5c is quite sturdy, so it is the screen I worry about. I will look to add a really good screen protector, and we should be good to go. The phone and the case are Christmas presents, so I can't comment yet on the longevity of the case.	I recommend this case for appearance, fit, and feel, but I have some concerns about how well it can protect the phone.
0,Work Great, Strangely tangle resistant.  Has held up well, looks like they may last.
0,If you like Android and you like speed this phone is a must have. I own the note 4 so I am able to compare. While this phone is not quite as crisp as the note 4 it also doesn't cost $700. Function is lightning quick and buttery smooth. Fit and feel are first rate. Asus has a winner on its hands!
0,Good... I love it...
0,I have thoroughly enjoyed this wallet. It would be better in leather as it would last much longer but I have used it hard and it is holding up, just wearing out on the inside.
0,excellent product, thanks!
0,just what I wanted
0,thanks your product is wonderful and keep up the outstanding work
0,it saves lives! you no longer have to ask or bother people to take pictures! I TAKE IT EVERYWHERE! i recommend it . there's no control but it works with your bluetooth .
0,charged right up no problem
0,I've used the casecrown iPhone covers for my previous phones and have always been happy with them. This one is no exception. This covers the back and the sides.  It has a nice tight fit and feel to it. It's not heavy or bulky, so you retain the light and thin feel of the phone. It is not designed to protect the phone if you drop it. I also don't think the case is slippery as some review have mentioned.  You can't beat the price.
0,I would never buy a plastic screen protector again after getting this one. This glass one is a total different world clear no nicks, scratches and I know it will not yellow in time..
0,This battery works very well. I have not had any problem since I received it.
0,Don't get caught up in the hype of a good case for your iPhone. I've had two of these. The two things I love? 1. The touch is soft yet "tacky" and it seemingly sticks to your hand. Not slippery like many that get hard over time or with dirt. I can clean this one with warm water and a paper towel and the tacky attributes come right back. 2. I've dropped my phone a hundred times. From jumping out of a boat just pulled from the water onto the hard concrete. On my hard tile floor. The pool deck. This thing protects my 6sPlus and on my 2nd one! Best value and best protection I've had on my phone!
0,love it!!! makes my apple watch look cool even when its charging lol
0,would order again, thanks
0,Very good case for the Xperia Z3. All ports except the micro SD/sim card slot are accessible. Even the magnetic charging port. For anyone with a Z2, this is like the Yesoo slim rubberized hard case. Only wish for this was that they had a transparent one, but black works. Recommended.
0,word great very good price nothing bad what so ever thanks for having it here haha must buy if u need iy
0,This case is durable, it is holding up well. It is thin enough it doesn't add bulk to the phone, and still functions well with the wireless charger.
0,Love the case, it works great.  The FREE screen protector, not so much.  Bought a different one....  But the case is awesome!!!
0,I purchased this charger for myself and am very pleased with it.  Not only can I charge my phone, but there's still enough power to charge my tablet
0,Great battery at a perfect price with an awesome warranty. Put life back into my Note4, and honestly seems to work & last longer than the 3 OEM Samsung batteries I've bought over the years from the blue big box store. Don't hesitate on picking a TechOrbits battery; you won't be disappointed.
0,My girlfriend really likes it, it feels robust enough to protect against most drops.
0,thanks
0,Great quality. Does not bend and break like other cords.
0,The Blue Tooth was easy to set up and it paired quickly to my phone (not a Motorola ); I used it on a call right away and the sound level and voice clariity was very good.  I changed the ear hook to use on the other side easily. It is light and unobtruasive to wear.	This a keeper and the price was right.
0,Great fit, good price, seems like a good product so far.
0,Otterbox cases are known to be big and bulky, especially the defender series, so take note of that. The case has 2 layers. The first is a plastic covering with a screen protector. The second layer is the silicon. Every inch of the phone inside will be covered, except for 3 places: the front camera, back camera, and speaker at the bottom. The case also arrives with a belt clip, which you can easier remove and add your phone to. Now, to address the common idea that the case will be big and bulky. YES, the case is big. Is it worth it? Yes, I own several otterboxes in different colors and each will break long before it allows my phone to break. I usually wear jeans, and the phone fits perfectly in my pocket. The silicon backing keeps to phone from moving around and slipping. Where you put your phone is where it will stay. Inside the case, my phone has fallen out of the car, off the car, down stairs, etc, yet I have still owned the same phone for 3 years now. Also, the case is slightly water resistant. Of course all the covering keeps water out, but be careful. My phone has been through rain, and dropped in numerous wet areas, but quickly and easily dried.
0,Awesome
0,By far, the best magnetic mount for a smart phone that I've owned. The magnetic surface is large and very strong, and it mounts in the CD slot of my 2014 Ford Fusion very firmly.		I've tried other mounts for my iPhone 6s plus, including the Aduro UNI-SPH01-MCDM U-Grip Magnetic CD Slot Car Mount and the Mengo Slim-Snap Aluminum Magnetic Air Vent Car Mount Holder, both purchased on Amazon. These are good products, but not as good as the Koomus.		The two things that differentiate the Koomus are the size of the magnetic area and its strength, and the way it mounts into the CD slot. The strength of the magnet is superior. There is no way the phone is coming off of that mount, even on a bumpy or uneven road. The same can't be said of either the Aduro or Mengo mounts. As for attaching the mount to the CD slot, the Aduro has a slot-wide mechanism that is secured by a set screw on the bottom. The Koomus is only about 1/3 as wide as the CD slot, allowing for better horizontal positioning. There is no set screw, only a "push" button on the top that flattens the mount in order for it to be inserted into the CD slot. Once in and the button released, the Koomus stays put.		The only objection I could come up with was price. The Koomus is expensive at $20, especially compared to either the Aduro or Mengo magnetic mounts. Nonetheless, I'd buy it again. This is definitely a superior product with a unique design that fulfills its purpose perfectly.
0,This was a gift, and the recipient thinks it is an excellent case and is perfect for their use.
0,works great, cord is a bit short, lasted wayyyyyyyy longer then generic cords (galaxy s5 eats chargers, cheap ones wear out on me in a month or 2)
0,Really good protection around this case with a holster. Been better with the holster being red as well. The things is the holster is smooth which increases the chance of slipping out of my hand. But its tough though
0,When I got this mount it worked flawlessly with my phone... Then I got a case for my phone and found the locking switch to frequently release when either inserting or removing my phone. I ended up putting a bead of silicone adhesive to keep it locked.		The mount held securely for several months, but after relocating a few times the cup tensioner became less effective. My advice is find where you like it and leave it.		For the price it's definitely a great product. With some tweaking it's near perfect.
0,It's a great case it's perfect for having any size battery. The sad part is it doesn't come with built-in screen protector. I have the armor series Otterbox which have the built-in  screen protector which is better than not having to hassle with a films screen protector that doesn't protect your whole screen. It works as Any other case.
0,Another great case by Otterbox.  Fit and finish is perfect.  I've dropped my new phone twice on hardwood and tile and the case did its job protecting my S4 Mini.
0,my son loves it for use at the gym
0,Great product. Great feel, Great price, sticks very well even with my wallet flip case. Just an incredible screen protector for the money...
0,Great! I liked a lot
0,Was able to use my EasyACC 2000mAh while in Africa on the Okavango Delta this past June. What I found in the Delta was a village of Polers (those that pole visitors through the delta.) The Polers have cell phones, but due to finances only use texts (texting is free). The battery life of most of the phones that these people have last for a day, Most poling journey's take them out 3 days. I had brought this power bank and solar panel with me. Needless to say I was very popular. Once the Polers  heard that I had this device, everyone wanted a charge. I was able to charge at least 8 phones one evening. I want to do something for these people to make their lives a bit more enjoyable. I have started a recycling program at my school so we can buy more of these battery chargers and solar panels that these people can use.
0,Great product, thanks.
0,This is a really nice product. I usually prefer the Armour Suit protectors since they are more flexible and withstand scratches better. This glass protector actually impressed me. It went on really easy, and it doesn't affect touch screen sensitivity and doesn't fall of like those cheap plastic ones. I would definitely recommend.
0,Fav
0,Saved my screen at least 100 times, great protection,  great phone.
0,Great Screen Protector, the best I think.  I have this on my Galaxy s5.  It fits well and is easy to install.
0,I have purchased Skinomi in the past, but to be perfectly honest, I have been using Zagg HDs lately because they are available at BestBuy.		This protector went on very easily, and the installation was comparable to Zagg.  One thing I noticed between the two is the fact that the Skinomi tends to leave a bit more moisture on the screen post squeegee.  As in the past, I am sure it will dry in a few hours but in the meantime, the moisture is causing the screen to look un-usable.		I cant speak about durability of this specific skin but it seems similar to the one I used a couple years ago on my Galaxy Nexus.  I still have that phone and the protector is still in great condition.		I expect this skin's longevity to be about the same or maybe better.		Another thing I can attest, is this protector fits my new Droid Maxx perfectly.  It covers edge to edge on the sides perfectly.  It has cutouts at the top for camera, light sensor, and speaker which makes perfect alignment at bit more of a challenge but still easily doable.  With my otterbox, you'd be hard pressed to even know there is a skin.		It does cover the capacitive buttons and leaves a small gap (plus the mic cutout) at the bottom.  Running my fingers from edge to edge and top to bottom, I can feel absolutely no lines or gaps.		It seems smooth like the Zagg HD and also has no texture so "orange peel" seems minimal.		Solution that came in the kit has a funky smell like old pool water.		Will update this review if anything strikingly good or bad arises.
0,Good
0,Quality product, perfect pricing point.	Slim sleek profile, will keep the Iphone the way it was designed, without bulk.	Nice matte finish, no cheap feel to it.
0,These will scratch around things like keys so if you put your phone in a bag beware, otherwise they work great.
0,EXCELENTE PRODUCTO
0,Scratches easily and is slippery.
0,These fit my 42mm watch perfectly and allow me to wear my favorite watch band with my watch. A little tricky to deal with the very small screws, but not overly difficult.
0,Best case ever
0,good
0,This is one of the best otterbox cases I ever had. It doesn't make my phone to bulky and I can still slide my iphone 5 in my pocket.
0,The first cycle, it didn't seem to last as long as the original 1500 battery that came with the phone. Not good. The 2nd time, it might have lasted a little longer, maybe. The 3rd time, it was considerably longer (as in a couple of hours or more). Today, I turned my HTC Evo 4G on at about 7 am and played games, made a couple phone calls, sent a few texts, used the camera/scanner and internet and it didn't die until about 10:30 pm. Yeah, it's well worth the money! You just have to give it a few cycles of fully charging and fully draining before you get the full benefits of these batteries. For this price, it's a steal and I'm getting a couple more just for future needs, because they'll never be this cheap again and batteries only last so long.
0,Strong and affordable!!
0,:)
0,nice.	It works
0,Perfect & it came a screen protector
0,For the price it definitely protects your phone. I accidentally ran over my phone in my garage and this case saved me $400 on a new phone, if not for the bulkiness the phone would have been crushed. Not a single scratch on the screen or the phone itself. The case only had the tire mark across the back. A must have.
0,good quality and fits the phone perfectly
0,LOVE! high quality product. You can really feel the difference between OtterBox and any other $10 phone cover. The OtterBox is made of high quality plastic, it doesn't get easily scratched. I've been using it for months and it still looks good unlike the cheaper cases that get scratched on week 1. I think it was definitely worth it's (no so cheap) price
0,The perfect complement for the pink iPhone. Fits perfectly and looks great. Thanks !!!
0,USB C charger works but not for fast charging, but the bottom USB input is capable of fast charging my S8+ (But you do need the original Samsung cable).
0,great
0,love it.
0,i just got this today haven had the chance to use it but it very pretty with the colors and it do look like it will protect my phone
0,I bought the original Jawbone headset in 2007.  It is still the best bluetooth headset for audio quality, on both ends.		It is quite a bit bigger and heavier than the other two Jawbone headsets I own, the ICON and the ERA, which everyone complains that they can't hear me (although I hear them fine).  I bought the newer Jawbone because I like to listen to podcasts when not on a call and both supported A2DP and the ERA proported "hd audio quality".		I also discovered that the earpieces from the ICON and ERA also fit the older Jawbone perfectly and I don't have to use that silly ear clip (which is uncomfortable after a while).  Much better.		I think I will go back to this headset for a while - the voice quality is great, the noise cancelling is also great, I can hear perfectly and its built like a tank.  I may even buy another as a spare.
0,Heck of a good deal and they work !
0,This case works really well!"
0,Great product, fast shipping, fair price.  What more could you ask?
0,Great case! Love the feel and and doesn't add to the size. Love that it has a little lip on the screen side that I can set the phone screen down and don't have to worry about the glass touching. Would definitely recommend.
0,Great product
0,excellent product,fast delivery,thank you
0,Includes:	Power Plug with Micro USB plug.	Headset.	Instructions.		Size, design, layout & comfort:	At about 1 3/4 inch in length, the headset is light and comfortable in the ear. This is a sleek, stylish unit. It's a matt black plastic with gloss plastic top for the call/hangup button. Side slider button to turn the unit on/off, and on the top portion of the unit there's a micro USB jack for charging.		Pairing, menu & voice commands:	Using this unit was easy with user friendly voice prompts guiding every step of the way. You can pair this unit with up to two devices. You know which device you are operating based on the status light flashing blue or purple. When you first turn the unit on it instructs you on how to pair your unit.  Pairing the unit to the iPhone 4 was as simple as turning the blue tooth feature on in settings and selecting the Motorola Headset.  If you want to pair a second device just turn off the first one and turn the headset on repeat the same steps.		To place a call, click the call button & wait till you get the voice command prompt from my phone. You can redial the last number by holding the call button until you hear a tone. Mute a call by holding the volume button until you hear "mute on" or "mute off". Hangup by pressing the Call/Hangup button.		Volume Control & Sound Quality:	Volume control is a single button on the side of the unit. It cycles through 4 levels of sound, cycling the volume up to the highest level before it will volume down, and vice verse, and using the iPhone I have 8 levels of volume.  The overall audio quality of the unit to person on the other end is similar to me using my iPhone on Speaker, from a foot or so away, though bit more tinny & cold, but not by too much, it sounds like a definite cell phone being used. It seems the sound choice was to go old fashion tinny w/no base to avoid muffled voices which is better then muffled. The iPhone normal by comparison is much warmer & natural.  The audio through the headset is clear & crisp & the volume can be made even louder then the max on the iPhone itself.		Bluetooth Range:	Overall the range is very good, with the unit on the main floor of my house I was able to walk anywhere in my home, from the basement to the attic without loosing reception, though it would start to sound underwater at extreme distances. The main floor to the attic is roughly the equivalent of over 20 feet & through two floors.		Comfort & fit:	The unit uses a single clear adjustable hook clip that goes over/around your ear holding the unit in. It's light & comfortable though the clip could be designed slightly better to hold the unit more firmly closer to the ear.		Final impressions:	Pros:	Easy to use voice prompts	Overall good call quality, tinny/cold, but clear	Pretty good bluetooth range	Simple design	Standard micro usb to charge		Cons:	Hook over ear design is a little loose, but not horrible	Only one button for sound volume so you have to cycle through them each time
0,Fits great.perfect cut outs. Awesome case ! Had it for a few days, phone even fell! This case saved the corners Must buy. Will be ordering soon again.
0,I order this skin for my HTC Wildfire S Virgin Mobile phone because of the price and the fact that it fits like a glove. Be careful buying other skins because some of them are mirrored and all your cuts and ports oppening are in the opposite side. The only reason I give this product a 4 star rating is because they could have made the back of the skin more abrasive to provide more friction. It is better than the original plastic cover but it is still a little bit slippery for me personally. But for the money spend this is a very decent buy.
0,This case fits great, Love the complete wrap around that keeps the tablet from falling out or moving. Camera and speakers are no covered up. Also Fit's T-Max 9"
0,perfect
0,I liked the color of the product in the picture, which Is why I bought it. When I got the actual case, the color was a bit off. I thought the whole case was hard plastic but the top and bottom parts are more of a yellow and they're rubbery material. It's a good quality case overall and fit very well on the iPhone plus. I got a few compliments on how the color shimmers so im always excited to switch my cases out to this case. I received this product at a discount in exchange for an honest and unbiased review.
0,Grate and good but the battery lo
0,works well.
0,Perfect
0,- Fit: Snug	- Sensor openings: All there (not like some of those cases that cover the main microphone)	- Profile: Reasonably slim for a case the encloses the edges of the phone.	- Feel: Not slippery, slightly tacky (in a good way)	- Clarity: Very clear so you can see the logo and color nicely, though does attract finger prints (less visible against white phone, probably)	- Screen protector: Not the best but it'll do, since if you're buying this case anytime soon you likely JUST got your phone and want protection now. Very thoughtful inclusion.	- Likely protective quality: Medium. It feels quite squishy enough that it would definitely help if the phone was dropped on its edge.	- Button access: Excellent. The case does not interfere with quick button pressing. This is especially worth noting as it's still easy to use the feature where you double-press the power button to launch the camera.	- Other: I generally don't like cases on my phone but this one seems like a keeper.	Free sample provided
0,a little cheaper quality than I expected but decent for the price
0,Nice portable battery pack. Charges phone quickly and fits in pocket when on the go. Highly recommended.
0,I love this band. I get complimented on this band almost daily. I'm looking to purchase another one.
0,I will update this in a month or so. I'm a little hesitant to say it's great because the other brands I bought started out good then they chipped or cracked after a few weeks. So far, this screen protector was extremely easy to put on without catching dust underneath. Fairly fingerprint free.
0,Purchased this based on other reviews here on Amazon and was not disappointed.	Instead I used this to keep my Canon Sureshot elf camera instead of my Samsung phone, while visiting a local water park for a short getaway, did not disappoint, kept the camera perfectly dry.	Easy to open and take out my camera and return and close it again.
0,It was super pretty and i liked it, but it is big and doesn't let your phone lay flat on a table and makes a big lump in your pocket.
0,Great sound for the money. I'd say it sounds better than my old jambox and was a fraction of the cost.
0,Perfect for work at UPS so I don't have to worry about breaking my phone. Plus, the price was very reasonable too!
0,This is a great case! just wished it could hold more than one card, but looks great and easy to use!
0,Excellent repair kit. Tried a few others and the cables were either too short or came broken. This one was in perfect working condition. It has good color and has a good side viewing angle.
0,Needed it for a trip out of town where I would not have access to phone charging and it was a life saver.  Use it all the time when travelling.  Holds a great charge!
0,This case fits tightly to the phone and extended battery so it does not slip off easily. The case is not as sticky as I would like but does an adequate job when I set it down on the seat next to me in my car (it doesn't slide around like the basic phone casing would. I like the lack of port covers so that I don't have to flip them off every time I want to use them and I can also hook an "L" shape headphone jack into the phone; unlike other cases I've had. The stand in the back is less sturdy than the original stand but is adequate for most any use I can use it for. It's been a month and so far it hasn't fallen off or allowed the phone to fall.		overall: I like this case, it gives me everything I need without being overly annoying or interfere with phone use.		Pro: solid basic protection for a phone case	  corners are well protected	  sound quality of speakers isn't reduced by much at all	  Ports aren't covered by annoying cover flaps that always get in the way		Cons: less than sturdy stand	  slippery
0,Both these for my gear fit 2 and it fit my screen perfect. The application was super easy I had no problem putting it on. So far I have 3 months with the same screen protector on and I use my gear fit 2 every single day. I even run in the rain and this screen protector has held up great.
0,As some else statement the directions are not clear at all, they are very confusing.  I went to youtube to figure out how to get the cover and case installed.  The think back that is sent with the battery is not used at all, so after getting the correct directions I realized that I was sent a part that was not being used (but I guess that is ok.		The battery gets me through about 1 1/2 days without charging and that is with heavy phone use, 6 emails, surfing the internet, steaming movies and a the display setup on very bright.  I probably could get more usage out of one charge if I dimmed the screen but I hate having a dull screen so it is better than the battery life with the standard battery.		I must say it is very, very heavy.  So it does look like a brick compared to the regular phone but I chose battery power over looks so if you are going for looks this is not the battery for you.
0,great
0,Excelente producto
0,I love this cover. I really don't like having a massive plastic case around my phone (it defeats the purpose of its slim design).  This cover protects it in my pocket and its stylish.
0,Cute but I bought the wrong size. My mistake, but I cannot use it.
0,My first smartphone. I am enjoying it. I love the screen size. I would not want anything bigger or smaller.
0,Perfect battery backup charger!  Slim design! Love the LED read out on it. Tells you how much battery you have left is a big plus! Stop looking and get this one!!!
0,Excellent
0,Works good, exactly as advertised
0,Nice fit
0,This wireless receiver was very easy to install in my Note 3. I tested it out with two wireless charging pads, and my Note 3 charges flawlessly! In general, wireless charging is slower than using a charging cable, but it's so much more convenient! Personally, I recommend the CHOE Stadium Qi Wireless Charger 3-Coils.
0,This product is the same as all of the others.  Samsung screwed up when them put the bevel on the glass.  I wouldn't buy another S7 solely because of this.  Otherwise I love the phone, but there isn't a good glass screen protector that really fits the phone.  You loose sensitivity all around the edges.
0,I bought this a couple years ago, changed phones at least three times since them but still sticking with the magpul cases. I want something slim and not bulky to protect my phone but also comes in a variety of colors.	I will say though recently, I have an iPhone 6 Plus with a mag. Case and for the first time my screen cracked after dropping it. With this phone design I feel like the case is a little loose, hopefully on newer phone designs this won't be a problem.
0,Tested on a Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900V phone.	Was really expecting something that snapped into the contacts/connector inside the phone (minus one star).  A bit tricky to get it to stay in place until the back cover is closed.  Created a tiny bump on the back of the phone but it did not impact my usage of the phone anywhere. After dropping my phone once the adapter became dislodged and as a result the phone stopped charging on both the wireless and the wired connections.  Simple fix was to reset the adapter in the phone again which I was able to do while sitting in a parking lot.		I use this in combination with the SSA Fast Wireless Charger QI Charging Stand also sold on Amazon.
0,The screen protector was great but the phone was probably the worst ever made. I am happy to say I now have a Galaxy SIII and probably the best phone ever made.
0,it fits perfectly on my daughter's LG phone
0,Solid case. It is NOT flat, but that is part of how it protects the phone.
0,After losing my HTC One back in 2014 I had to get something quick and cheap while I collected enough funds (college student) for a better phone. This is a great phone for the price. Really recommend it if you don't want to spend hundreds on a phone just because it's "the thing" or you just want to have a back up. I used it with no issue for a few months. Obviously resolution and speed won't be the best in the world but hey for the price, it's good in my opinion. In fact the only reason why I upgraded phones was because I dropped this into a puddle, it wasn't due to the water though since after air drying it it was back to life, but because the screen cracked from the fall.
0,I had used some regular plastic ones, but they get visibly damaged very easily and need to be replaced often. The IQ Shield self-healing protectors are the perfect thing for the job! I've used self-healing protectors before for some phones and for my Pebble Time when I had that (before the Round came out), but usually am not happy with the friction they add to phone screens, which thankfully is a nonissue with the Pebble's touch-less display and tend to notice a slight haze and a lot of 'wrinkles' in them, but the IQ Shield is very clear and the slight wrinkles are much less apparent than with others!		You get six in the package and I'm still only on the first one! I bang my wrist into things all the time, so that goes to show the resiliance of these things! After about two months, there's only one particularly deep dent in the protector that seems to have been too much for it to heal away.		Fantastic protectors. The best ones I've used for this watch. Great price for a 6-pack plus their lifetime warranty! I highly recommend them to anyone.
0,works great
0,very goods. thanks
0,Well, it's a bag. This fits my iPhone 6+ with a Spigen tough case. So no need to remove your case to put inside this bag. Took it to the pool and my kids swam and dove around the pool taking videos and pics. They came out great, couldn't really notice a difference. Overall good for the price if you can deal with the bag concept. I only put 4 stars just because I've had to fiddle with the closing tabs sometimes when closing the bag and the extra loose skin around the phone can be somewhat annoying depending how you look at it. Other than that, it works.
0,Awesome Phone, it is 4G LTE and the FM radio works and its not too polluted with pesky nuisance APPs, best part is if you want to divorce your GSM carrier simply go with another as this phone gives you that freedom, Samsung always has great phones and I am more than pleased with this one and I highly recommend it.
0,This is a great  phone wallet. It is put together well. My iPhone 6 plus fits tightly in it. I like that because it won't fall out. I like that my credit cards and money fit in it. It has a wristband that makes it easy to tote! I received this discounted for review and I am pleased!
0,This TPU case fits my Note2 (TMobile, but all carriers: international and unlocked are the same dimensions) perfectly. I ordered three of these cases at once because they were on sale at the time (buy two, get one free). I purchased this clear one, teal, and green case. All were individually packaged and were sent very fast. I haven't had them long but I have used this clear case and the green case, they both fit perfectly. When I tested the teal case, it seemed to be shorter on one side, but when I actually use the case, I will update this review. This case and the green all ports: camera, flash, headphones, top and bottom microphone, speaker, volume up/down, power, charger, and stylus are cut perfect and allow easy access. The green case seems to be slightly smaller or something on the phones right side because it tends to slightly mess up my screen protector, but it's not a deal breaker. Overall great cases, cute android on the back, I recommend these cases.		**update 1/4/2013**	The other cases that I bought at the same time (green and teal) fit great as well. I guess I had to kind of stretch them out and make sure I put either the bottom or top of the phone in first to stretch the case proportionately over the phone. Also, I purchased a different screen protector that was cut slightly shorter than my last screen protector and this case does not mess it up at all. Great purchase.
0,The Urban Armor Gear case feels durable and is lightweight. I previously had an i-Blason bumper case on my 5C. The UAG case hardly added any additional bulk when compared to the i-Blason but looks like it will do a much better job protecting it if dropped. As evident from the picture, the UAG case has an industrial look. I ordered the case in white to go with my white 5C. The white 5C looks great inside the white case. I really like how the black trim and black screws offset the white case.		The sleep/wake button and volume buttons have a good feel to them. All the openings (ring/silence switch, camera/flash area, and bottom of the phone with the headphone jack, microphone, lightning connector, and speakers) line up perfectly. I like that there are larger openings on the bottom for the speakers and headphone jack/microphone. The i-Blason case had a smaller opening for the headphone jack/microphone and individual holes for each speaker. With the larger openings, I can easily plug my Audio Technica headphones into the jack and the sound from the speakers seems a little better.		It requires the right amount of effort getting the 5C into the case. Sometimes a phone will pop into a case so easily that it makes you afraid the phone will pop out accidentally. I had an AmazonBasics case that was almost frustrating getting a phone into. The iPhone fits snuggly in the UAG case. The case has a good grip and feel when using the phone. The grip isn't quite as good as the i-Blason bumper case but it is still good. The iPhone 5C without a case has a slippery feel. In the UAG case, I don't feel like the iPhone will accidentally slip out of my hand.		SUMMARY: I'm really happy with the UAG iPhone 5C case. It offers a nice balance between protection and size, plus my white iPhone 5C looks great inside the case. I recommend the UAG case for anyone wanting a durable yet lightweight case that doesn't add much bulk to their 5C.		Note: A product sample was provided by the seller in exchange for a fair, unbiased review.
0,Works great
0,fits well
0,Without doubt the BlackBerry Q10 is the best QWERTY keyboard smartphone on the market. It's also arguably one of the most expensive keyboards on the planet, with little in the way of stand out features to justify its cost. You'll get more for your money elsewhere.		For	Full physical keyboard	Impressive web speeds	Updated BB10	Decent battery life		Against	Odd screen size	Lack of apps	Very expensive	Not great for games/movies
0,works well enough for our needs
0,Anker quality and reliability. This is one of many cables, chargers and batteries I have purchased from Anker. Highly recommended
0,excellent
0,This phone is nice with all the good features. I was really impressed with screen quality and the fact that you can charge it while it is connected with the PC.		However my one big disappointment is it's battery performance. It would not give me more than 36 hrs when on power saving mode with no application running and very minimal use. I have done 2-3 tests and every time it has give me anywhere between 32-36 hrs. Isn't that standby battery life. I just cannot imagine how Nokia can claim 17 days of standby battery life. I mean somebody should take them to court.	Having said that I have checked that most so called "touch screen smart phones" have low battery life. But never thought it would be so low.	Let me know guys if you are getting longer battery life. I am wondering if I have got a bad battery.
0,Skinomi does a great job. Easy to install and gives good protection.
0,Very reliable and sturdy.  it has different color case covers also.
0,Fantastic product
0,Fits snug on the phone. Love this case.  It keeps the slim design, but protects the phone extremely well
0,Blackberry is a nice phone b@ the batry life z short!!....its perfect
0,Very happy with the protection. I drop my phone a lot and the protector has taken the bearing instead of my screen. And don't pay attention to the reviews that it doesn't fit. Most of the protectors, the glass, can't curve, but it fully covers the screen without impeding the touch.
0,I'm not sure why it has to look like lipstick, but I like it - ha! It's nicer looking than carrying a plain little box or stick around. It's really cute and looks like a stick of lipstick. It charges quickly and also charges my phone quickly. I've used about 4 different brands of power banks and this is my favorite one. It's also the smallest one I've ever used.
0,great product will buy again
0,nice assortment of iphone screrws
0,For the price it is most certainly worth it....but anti scratch is certainly not true but still i think its a great screen protector!
0,Excellent -  Item delivered on time, was as described
0,Love this case! I bought 3 colours in this case(the coral, blue and black/gold). I absolutely adore it. It fits the s5 Galaxy perfectly, easy access to buttons and camera and has a slim, sleek design. The back of the case is ribbed which allows for some grip and also a nice design to the case. I was worried about keeping the coral colour clean but the case is easy to wipe clean. I would recommend the case to anyone. Totally worth the cost.
0,I am a UAG (urban armor gear). I felt in love and security when putting my phone on the UAG case. That was in the past till I found out this Spigen Tough Armor Case. I felt in love with the sleek style and a lot of protection. I dropped the phone on the tile and no dent or scratch on the case. The kickstand is a much, love it when I use it to watch movie. Inserting and taking the phone out is an ease. Love it. Spigen is #1 and UAG is #2 for me in future case consideration. Received free
0,Has been servicing my note 8 great and I've had it since the note four and can still fill a phone to 100 percent with out it self being completely depleted
0,Worked very well! I loved it!
0,THIS WORKS VERY GOOD
0,Fits my phone,  buttons work easily,  I'm taking the Screensaver off, but it does work with it on.
0,VERY GOOD, SERVICE EXCELENT
0,As expected
0,Really does work!! I've dropped phone and never had a scratch or problem!! They do work to protect. They do not interfer with your phone ability to work properly,!! I love this Brand!! Super easy to use and put on!! Love, love. Love it! Thank you Califu!!
0,Priduct purchased July 2017	November 2017: so this is my 2nd review if this product, I gave it 4 stars since the smaller stand, doesn't stick anymore to my dashboard nor the front window. I still have it 4 stars because I still have the long stand to use. I will keep an update if it'll stick for long or not.	August 2017 review:I love this product, this is the best I bought so far. I bought a lot of car mount holder and sometimes it falls off and also I had to attach it to the mirror. It's a hassle, but this one works great. It is worth the price.
0,Much better than what is provided with the watch. Quality isn't the best, but mines did not have an sharp edges like some seem to report. Works great with my Samsung Gear Live.		A tip: Get this if your budget is $10-$20 over a steel link bracelet. The link ones tend to be extra bad quality with easily bent pins (not the ones that attach to the watch, the individual pins holding the links together). The links themselves on the Ritche 22mm one I ordered were fine. The weight was nice and noticeable, not light, but the pins that hold the links together are made of something super bendable. To such an extent that you will find the links to start to rub against each other. Avoid yourself the trouble and get a Milanese Loop. It will be a better buy.
0,When I bought my g4 one of my favorite features was the genuine leather back, so much so that I was hesitant to put a case on it(and in sure we all know how deep that usually works out), this case however solves that problem! It fits perfectly, has a hard plastic back with fairly thick rubber sides that make it easy to get on but still feel very protected, and the beautiful phone can still be seen.* I received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for my honest review*
0,Protective case but adds some bulk. The phone is too large for wearing on your belt
0,It's a pretty decent case, does add nice coverage for the phone without making it bulkier. Taking it on and off is pretty easy as well, haven't ran into any problems with it so far!
0,Very cute and fit my phone great!
0,fit.
0,very thin.  Good looking.  Kind of a finger print magnet.  I dropped my phone twice, and this case gave its all.  Case broke but phone was fine.  Always on phone software not quite right, it times out shortly after case close.
0,You can never go wrong with a Seidio case. I've used Seidio since the Blackberry 9700 was released. Being a clumsy sort of guy, I've had plenty of opportunity to test their functionality. Haven't lost a phone using a Seidio case yet.		I am having ONE problem with this case. The two sliding case pieces won't stay together. If I'm not using the holster and pulling it from my pocket instead, the bottom piece slides off. Probably something for the warranty department.
0,Recently, we got a new Samsung S7 and it has many cool features like wireless charging. I thought it would be neat to try out the new wireless charging with this product. This product isn't just for Samsung S7s but can work with any QI Wireless compatible phone. The product arrived well packed and neatly sealed. In the box you have the stand and a micro USB cord. The stand itself is in two pieces. One is the metal back of the stand and the other is the black plastic stand itself. To assemble the stand is simple.		1. Put the stand together which is really simple considering there is only two pieces.	2. Then you plug the micro USB into the slot in the back.	3. Plug the cord into an adapter.	4. Once you are ready, pair your phone and begin to charge.		It actually operates and functions moderately well. There is only one slight problem. It doesnt work well if your phone has a thick case. However, we found that instead of placing your phone on vertically, if you turn it horizontally it works and begins to charge adequately. If you don't have a case, setting your phone to charge vertically will work perfectly.  The rate of charging is a bit slower than that of a wall charger. However since we mainly use this stand at night, quick charge is not our main focus. We really love this stand. We can place it by the computer while working at the desk or on the night table by our bed.  Since we set the phone display to always be on, we use the phone as a desk clock.  I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased opinion.
0,Last long good to protect you phone...
0,I took a chance with this. It works! It does stop the communication with the car keyless fob, at least for now.  It arrived quickly and it was far cheper than many others.
0,This armband works for me. When going for a jog, I would easily insert my iPhone 5S in armband pocket, insert the earphone jacket through the bottom little slit to connect to the phone. I could tighten or loosen the strap to fit better. This armband is well made compared to some other armbands I have. Stitching is strong. Durable material made of good quality. It feels comfortable and soft against skin. Velcro is strong. Pretty lightweight. Strap is soft and stretchy. I can imagine this armband will last a good long time.		Overall I like this product. I was given this armband for free in exchange for an honest review.		Product features:		PREMIUM MATERIALS: Made of stretch resistant neoprene. The Vinso tech Sport Armband designs to easily bends, flexes, twists, and folds without warping. Comfort-grip keeps the band firmly on your arm during workouts and running. Headphone and charger cutouts allow direct access to the phone through the armband.	UNIVERSAL SIZING: Multi-slot Adjustable Velcro Armband Will Fit Almost Any Arm Size Up To 14". Compatible with iPhone 6/SE/5SE/5S/5C/5/4S (under 5.5")	TOUCH SCREEN COMPATIBLE: Enjoy the full use of your Smartphone through the protective screen cover on the armband with fully touch compatible, easily answer calls, manage your playlist, or activate your stopwatch without removing the phone.	EXTRA FEATURES: Water resistant design protects against water and sweat. Built-in key pocket; secret compartment stores your house key while exercising.	LIFETIME WARRANTY: Vinso Tech offers maximum protection for the life of your Vinso Tech Sport Armband.
0,Just what I was looking for.
0,LG G5 Case,KaptronTM Hybrid Dual Layer Combo Armor Defender Protective Case with Kickstand and Belt Clip for LG G5	by Kaptron		i have been using many protective cases before..but this one..this one i love..not only that it has a slick design and durable overall body material...it is 3-layer of protective case..one inner jelly case,,one outer support case and frontal case,,,it fits very well with the device...it has a kickstand for easy usage if u wanna put down your device and watch movies using your phone..i recommend this product to you..it really did a good job securing your phone plus it looks good on it..		I received this product from the seller for free or at a discounted price for the purpose of a fair and honest review for future sellers. Please note my reviews are honest and unbiased, no attempt was made to influence my opinion and the information I have provided is completely and 100% based on my experience with this item. If you would like to review past product reviews for reference, please feel free to visit my profile. Please also be sure to like this review if it has been helpful in your purchasing decisions.
0,Good quality and fast delivery
0,Although it does not feel like the highest of quality, it has surprisingly endured so far. However, I'd like the point out the amount of customer service they provide. They send instructions and tips through email(don't worry, it's not spam). They seem to be a really nice company.		The "mirror" is a bit cheap and it is easily scratched. If you aren't too harsh with it, you should be fine though. Even if it does scratched, you can still use it.		The pouch they provide is really nice. It feels like a good quality pouch.		The selfie stick itself works well and I've had no problems with it so far. It extends really far(I've had ones that were shorter). A pretty solid product. At the pricepoint, you can't really go wrong with this one.
0,This is a very nice case for the price. I like the style, and it protects my phone very well. The pink color is easy to see in my handbag. It gets a lot of use and is holding up nicely.  When it wears out, I will definitely get another one!
0,Works well with my Galaxy S5 phone to enable use of external USB devices.
0,USB to USB Type C headaches gone!!!!	Works like its supposed to, feels durable, like the accent colors black/green.
0,Great charger.  We have a corner coffee table where my wife and I have our phones along with a tablet and bluetooth headset.  This thing charges them all and fast.  It's easy to "cable manage" and looks about as nice as it possibly can for this type of thing.		This charger is well built and stylish (as far as chargers go).  Again, it charges FAST.
0,Item is and look on the phone exactly like the pictures. It's exactly what I hoped for.
0,This case is serious business.  HEAVY.  Protective.  My teenager loves it.  There is nothing going to damage his phone with this on it!
0,Love this phone case!!
0,As long as my wife is happy with it, I am happy with  it. This fits her tablet perfectly. The screen protector wasn't labeled and didn't know what side was to go face down. That could have been my fault...overall it was worth it.
0,Used mine to charge my iPhone and I was very impressed with how quickly it charged. The cable is of nice quality and feels like it is well made. I measured mine and it's actually 40" long, which works out well for where I have to plug in my phone. This has become my go to charger cable for both my iPhone and my iPad, and I will be putting the factory cable in the drawer. I received a discounted purchase for posting a review, and I can definitely say that I will be buying a couple more of these. I'm very happy with it and like how it looks as well as works.
0,Works well
0,excelente
0,Keeps its word. Very satisfied
0,Good screen protector . Look no further
0,Great product!
0,Good price on nice cover, color is vibrant and provides typical coverage for cases of this type. Thin design fits into pockets or purse.
0,Just stellar! The description is already very descriptive, so I won't bore you with the details again. However, let me mention that the build quality is great and everything works as described. No issues whatsoever.		Note: when using the tripod mod, make sure to not expose it to wind or it will topple over. The tripod functionality on this product is really designed for indoor use. In addition, be careful of attaching cameras with heavy lenses to this produce--they might fall out because the product is not designed to hold something heavier than an average smartphone and/or topple over in tripod mode due to the weight imbalance.
0,After getting this from Amazon, I took this straight to work and it is now on my work desk.  I charge my iphone and wireless headphones with it, and it works brilliantly.  It's heavy enough that it sits squarely on the desk, and it even has a little bracket on the back where you can hang it somewhere (like a cubicle wall) if that is more convenient.  It has two 2A slots and 5 1A slots, so you can charge two larger devices (e.g., tablets) should you need to.		I have no complaints, very good product, I'll likely get a second one eventually for home.
0,Used until I couldn't any more.
0,Everyone loves my case they said the color and everything is great the product is very nice and I am very happy with my purchase.
0,Thick, durable cable.
0,Awesome case that adds very little "bulk" to your iPhone 6 Plus.
0,Not much of a sexy item to gush over, does what it says!
0,This phone is pretty amazing.  I have had it for about a month now, as I wanted to give it some time before I did a review.  I am comparing this to the Iphone 4 and a Droid Razr Maxx which I had previously.  It is has a huge and gorgeous display, it is super fast, it takes beautiful pictures, and the battery life is fantastic.  You really don't realize how big the display is on this phone until you look at an Iphone or the Droid Razr Maxx next to it.  The difference in size between them is rather dramatic.  The battery life is much better than the Iphone and is comparable to the Droid Razr Maxx.  The speed is faster than the Iphone and a bit faster than the Droid Razr Maxx.  The camera is comparable to the Iphone but better than the Droid Razr Maxx.  The only negative that I can speak of with this phone is the fact that it really can't be used with one hand, but the tradeoff for a massive screen is well worth it.  I honestly believe this phone to be the best choice on the market as of today.  As far as accessories for this device, I highly recommend the Zenus line of leather cases, the Iottie car mount, and the RND charger dock, along with spare Anker batteries.		Positives:  Massive and Beautiful Screen	  Very Fast	  Excellent Battery Life	  Beautiful Camera		Negative:  Can't Be Used With One Hand
0,I really love the way this works but the color changes to a yellowish white.  I feel like a slob,  I will be getting another one in a different color.
0,Worked well for a trip to NYC! Lots of charges used!
0,It is exactly what I was looking for.  I put it my drivers licence and a credit card for easy convenience.  I also put my car key when I go running at the park.  I highly recommend it!
0,They work great
0,Pretty sweet case :) -- How do you clean the inside tho?
0,Very thin, allows for wireless charging, a decent grip, great fit, low weight and nicely finished. Also easy to clean/disenfect.
0,- Fairly sturdy case.	- Sharp-looking	- Love the cutout	- Very secure - phone will not fall out		I always buy a protective case for my portable electronics. I love the look of this case. I haven't had it long enough to see how it holds up over time, but 2 drops so far and no scratches.		These cases look SHARP with the mirror screen protector!		I highly recommend it!		(Seller had an EXCELLENT delivery time)
0,I've always enjoyed the value of a Spigen case so naturally, I went with them again when I got a new phone.  The phone fits in well and I don't notice any ports being restricted by the case.  It looks very sharp and I feel comfortable with my phone in it.		The front lip is made of TPU style material so it provides a very good grip while the back of the phone is still slick.  I have no reservations about being able to hold on to my phone with this arrangement.		I'm a sucker for kickstands, always have been, so I love that this case comes with it.  It's not spring loaded or anything so when it's open, it kinda just flaps there.  So I guess if I HAD to pick a negative about this case is that the kickstand doesn't feel like it'll last long term.
0,clean and its a perfect fit
0,fit good, pretty good protection
0,Still going strong after 1.5 years of heavy daily use!
0,I am giving 5 stars because it looks great and was packaged very well.  came on time also with Prime shipping.  I am still waiting on my apple watch actually so haven't tried on the watch, but from the looks of it, it should work well if it fits well.  Based upon other reviews I am sure it will be fine.  Very happy with purchase.  If any issues after putting on watch itself I will update
0,Love this case plus favorite color
0,Picked this one for the alternate vent clip (the short one).  I didn't want my pocket swinging freely in my car as most of these do.	The shorter vent clip works well and is well designed to stay put.  This is important as I place my vent clip on my left vent, and do not want items falling into the foot well as I am driving.  Between the two available clips, I'm sure this will fit most cars.
0,product exactly as described. I received the 'updated' version.
0,The case fits great! Thanks for the quick delivery!
0,Very durable and looks just as advertised. I loved it and used it until it fell apart..i stuff all cards and receipts in it.
0,i wish it is longer
0,I love it great for samsung galaxy tab 3
0,From a critique's POV, the very best thing about this Spigen cover is its fast magnetic stripe locking mechanism which will make your phone survive numerous drops (if you are careless one, go for it without thinking). People may go for a cheaper cover which is fine only till you realise your flash captures have become reflective in nature. Spigen cover is not going to give you that pain ever. Make your phone look graceful, keep it safe in a really solid casing (which you might not be a fan of initially, however, you're going to deal with leather all the time so it won't be a problem really) &. make your phone work how it is supposed to work!		P.S. :: I am very thankful for the discount. It does help.
0,Great case! Was as expected, came in timely manner, had no issues.
0,This is a great product.  The speaker volume is extremely loud.  My only concerns is that the radio frequency has a lot of static regardless of what frequency you use.  Also, this product is suppose to play the music from your cellphone directly through the Jabra and then through the car stereo system.  It doesn't.  Other than those issues, it's great just using the speaker phone.  Although, for the price, all features should work near perfect.
0,This is nice, easy clear, and adds grip to the phone won't slip and slide
0,I am so happy with this purchase! I get so much more out of my camera now!
0,excellent
0,Easy but light weight case.
0,Perfect slim case. Shows off your iphone well!
0,Very pretty case. Protects the phone well. The credit card part seems a little shabby but overall its a nice case.
0,Everything shipped a day before which is great. My family had sooooooooo much fun with these lens. We had never heard of them. But we're in staples a few weeks ago and my husband was like wow I would love to have this. But since staples had the lens for $129 sorry to say they did not make that sale. Truly we are having so much fun with this and my 4 year old son.
0,Moto rock's. Very nice product. Excelent phone's for low price.
0,This is perfect. Fits my Gear VR, my ear buds, and a bluetooth controller. Hard enough to keep its shape and protect VR. Highly recommended
0,Spray pump didn't work
0,I bought this cable for my Asus Nexus 7 tablet. The cable works great. So far I have used it to hook up a mouse to the tablet and also to plug in a MicroSD card reader. Both worked just as expected.		Just in case different sellers are selling slightly different cables, I purchased mine from "Digital Center."
0,It performs advertised and feels very durable -- at least more than the standard Apple one. Additionally, this cable is less prone to coiling up and tangling. That's always nice.
0,This was a cheap case - period. I wasn't disappointed nor was I overjoyed with the quality.  All in all it was a great deal.
0,Very well made and holds phone securely
0,Love these heavy duty wires..I actually need to get one more, maybe next month, maybe offer them in colors so we can tell them apart..
0,I absolutely love this charger! It's super fast unlike the cheaper versions. Plus you just lay it in vs. laying down on pad and finding right spot. For the price, this is a no brainer.
0,Bueno
0,Very nice case!! I love. the patriotic theme!! Thx!!
0,charges sometimes
0,Can't say much... the quality is just what I wanted and expected.  I wish it had been cheaper than the higher end fabric wrapped version.  But I really didn't want the added rigidity or bulk.
0,All I can say is this thing is very rugged! I have dropped it, stepped on it, closed a door on it and God know what else to it, and it keeps on kicking. It has great audio levels, and I have never had anyone complain that they couldn't hear me in the car with the window open... I think the thing I like the most though is the hook that wraps around your ear. It is sturdier than most of the bluetooths I've seen, and it really holds the headset in place. I never like the ones that would sorta wobble around in your ear. You don't have that issue with this one!
0,works good
0,excellent
0,Nice little boom box, came charged and synced easily with my iPhone 6 plus.  I like it.
0,Great item...highly recommended.
0,Bought this for a friend at work that refuses to upgrade his phone, well at least it looks a lot better now!
0,Great replacement screen. Replacement process is easy and doesn't take long, and the end result is a brand new looking phone. Way better than going to apple and paying an arm and a leg.
0,five stars
0,Case was slimmer than I expected - I was hoping for a thick, sturdy case.  However, it feels like it will definitely protect my new phone.		One issue, like many other people have mentioned, the clear plastic that covers the front of the phone is flimsy & interferes with the touch response.  I had to tap my phone harder sometimes and it got frustrating.  And when I tried to enlarge pictures (spreading my fingers), it didn't work well either.  So I removed it.  Fortunately, it was very easy to remove.		I only wish this case came in more colors.  I wanted something bright and colorful.  The pink is really nice but not usually a color I choose.		I also purchased the Tech Armor Ballastic tempered glass screen protector so this should take care of protecting my screen.  And it works great.
0,nice and thus far works great,  Had to get a new shield protector as this only comes with one and if you mess that one up you have to buy another,  but all in all for the price it is a great day``
0,Cheap phone to be gotten as tablet for your kid.	Microsoft software isn't as elaborate as Android, so less apps in the store,	But the app assortment still is very big!	GT Racing 2 shows just as nice as on my Samsung Galaxy 3 (although at a slightly lower resolution).	The hardware works so much better than android, and the battery life is amazing, for a battery half the size of my Android phone battery!	I can't praise enough how much I prefer 8.1 over Android!!!		So far, no issues with multitasking. Upto 2 apps simultaneously works like a breeze, a third app does slow down the phone somewhat.	The graphics are amazing,and supposedly better with the 8.10.12400 operating system update.	Most of the games work fluently on this phone (fluent frame rate), and the gyroscopic steering works almost instantaneously!		I think MS and Nokia did a great job with this phone, and it's awesome to be able to get it second hand for under $30 as a way to experience a Windows 8 phone!		The screen looks very good (close to a retina display). Can't see the pixels at all, and the image looks very crisp and clear!	Battery life so far has never been below 90% before it's plugged into AC, but I'm not on a network (just using wifi). I presume the battery could last 2 days on this phone, vs 1 day on my Samsung Galaxy.		My only cons with this device are:	1- No LED flash light,	2- No front facing camera	3- Though I haven't run out of RAM yet, I wished it had about 128-256MB more ram for 3D gaming and multi tasking.	4- No hardware home buttons	5- The display brightness has 3 settings (not a slider).
0,This battery is great for extending use.  I have had it last over 3 days with moderate to high use.  Be sure to condition the battery as instructed,  The overall size and weight is a bit more, but to me well worth it!!!  The case is a rubber slip-on and adds a extra layer of protection to the phone.  Highly recommended over other extended batteries.  John S
0,unit worked great!  no issues and holds up after all these years
0,Protect the phone well.
0,Nice little case, easy to put on. Cheap price.
0,Love the color & my phone fits perfectly!
0,Love the look and feel
0,Work's with sync pod. Keeps the phone stable.
0,I still have this . I love it.and never problem.
0,Case is very durable but bulky.  It is what I need since I have dropped and broke my phone twice.
0,fits perfectly
0,After 6 months, I still have this case on my phone. It is official, this case has lasted longer than my last marriage. BOOM. Seriously though, it's a pretty sturdy case in a great eggplant color. I highly recommend
0,Looks perfect with my rose-gold iPhone 6s.  The edges aren't to rubbery that the phone sticks in my pocket.  I love that you can see the color of the phone on he back.  Tips for people saying it's hard to do the swipe up feature, swipe up from the sides (not directly above the home button), it still works very well!
0,Good price, perfect fit.  Replaced an Otter Box case with this one because they simply don't hold up.  This has a much better design with easier access to the buttons, Overall we are very pleased with the case.
0,Works great.
0,My daughter loves it.  The expensive otter box fell apart.  I told her she had have a protective case.  This was a good solid case for the money.
0,Camera kit look good but I didn't pay attention to the version of phone I was purchasing this for.	Item was returned for full refund.
0,This is one heavy duty USB Power Bank. Heaviest that I have seen and seems to do the job it was designed to do. I have bought several and this is by far the best one.
0,I absolutely love these! The sound quality is amazing and I love that they can hook up to all of my devices. I would definately reccomend these to anyone.
0,Cons: few bucks for literally 1 second of use	No instructions. Slight room for error if you didn't slide card in all the way.		Pros: It only took one second to use	It saved me a trip to Verizon and their worthless queue system	Came with pop in cards to change the sim card back to bigger sizes		Used to change micro sim to nano sim for iPhone 5s
0,This is a bang for the buck Android 5.0 Lollipop unlocked GSM smartphone. It comes with two Micro-SIM slots and a microSD slot (all three under the back cover - but the battery is not user-removable). It is not a 4G LTE phone, the fastest it supports is HSPA+. No OTG.		ACCESSORIES: this includes four accessories inside the box: 1) bluetooth selfie stick, 2) basic earphones, 3) protective back, 4) screen protector		JUST ADD SIM: I took the microSIM out of my Nexus phone, turned off the Blu, opened the back, put the microSIM in, turned on the Blu, and just like that, both the phone and the data worked! I didn't have to do anything else. You don't have to do this the first time you turn it on. You can do it any and many times.		DATA: I did not do scientific tests but I often run Speedtests at my usual places. Based on that, both the Wifi and the Cellular of this are slightly slower than the cellular of the Nexus 4 (same SIM, same spots) and the Wifi of both the Nexus 4 and the Moto G (1st generation).		MOBILE HOT SPOT: this works out of the box as well. It has nice graphics and real-time stats, and allows you to throttle the connection if it's drinking up too much data. Also shows you who is connected and who attempted to connect. Very nice!		SCREEN: this is an AMOLED screen, so expect things to be on the brighter and louder side. It is readable outdoors, often at low brightness. It has auto-brightness which works well if you have consistent lighting. At night, the lowest brightness setting is fine. Saves on battery too. The screen works well for both regular use and video. I cannot complain for a 4.8" 720p screen.		BATTERY: with my regular use, without having many apps buzzing around in the background and syncing and updating, I can easily get two days. It has a Battery Saver Mode that works well (but restricts background data). You can select when to activate it: 15% or 5% or turn it off. The phone has a red light that start blinking once it is activated (the blinking appears to depend on the activation percentage). You can't get rid of the blinking light (wasting already depleting battery) unless you charge or turn off battery saver mode. While charging, a red light is on. When finished, it turns to green.		SPECS: it has 1GB RAM, so it's a good idea to pay attention to which apps are buzzing in the background and turn off or uninstall any that eat up RAM, battery and storage. If you avoid app-hogs, 1GB RAM is more than good enough. It has 8GB storage but out of the box only 4GB is available to you. Android eats up about 3GB. I used a 64GB Transcend microSD without any issues (I turn the phone off before adding/removing). Formatted with the Blu, you have 59GB available for use. Just like the RAM, the processor can handle middleweight tasks.		SPEAKER: a single grill on the back side, behind the capacitive buttons. It is serviceable, for not a replacement for external speakers or headphones. If you max out the volume, the quality deteriorates. It is loud enough for music and for TV/video in quiet rooms (depending on what you are watching you may find wanting some more volume). You can quickly physically semi-mute it by pressing your finger across and against the speaker grills.		SELFIE STICK: connects via Bluetooth, charges via microUSB. Has physical on/off button that lights up. Gives you about 280 degrees. A spring mechanism holds the phone in place. It is telescopic. At full extension, while holding the handle, you can feel the weight of the phone. Try this a few times before using it in risky situations. Has removable strap. Appears as "Blu" input device (keyboard logo) on the phone's Bluetooth. You do not have to put the phone on the stick to use it. You can simply use it as a remote control. This also works with other phones when paired (I used it with the Moto G and its default camera app).		BACK PROTECTOR: this is weak material. Mine showed a 1/2" hairline after about a week. I do not recall dropping it or hitting anything hard. It doubled in size a week later, and after another week, the edge fell off. With the edge off, the protector was not securely attached, so I removed it (risk of phone slipping out of it and crashing on ground).		FRONT PROTECTOR: this is thicker than most screen protectors. It has a Blu logo up top. It went on fairly easily, and despite my clumsiness, I don't have any bubbles in the main viewing area. I'm not sure if it's needed, since it is a Gorilla Glass 3 screen. I'm cool with or without it. I just avoid putting the phone in a pocket with keys or other scratchy objects.		EARPHONES: they are pretty basic earphones, but they come with it for free.		FM RADIO: this requires headphones to be connected (it won't play without). Any pair of headphones/earphones work, you don't need to use the included ones. The FM radio has basic functions (search and bookmark). How it works depends on location, so it's YMMV. But it was able to find a few listenable stations with the auto search. You can also record the FM radio. Does not need internet access.		BLUETOOTH: it connects to bluetooth headphones and played music and video (Netflix, YouTube). However when I connected two different bluetooth keyboards, pressing the ENTER key did not work. Pressing it 2-3 times in a row would bring up the camera app. I don't know if this is cross-linked to the selfie stick (also an input device). In other words, you don't have an ENTER function with a keyboard which is frustrating. I tried some rebooting and unpairing but it didn't get fixed. I am not planning to use this with a keyboard, so I didn't troubleshoot it any further.		NO OTG: it does not have OTG function but I checked just in case with an OTG cable and an OTG device. Indeed, they do not work (as expected).		SINGLE HANDED: because this is a light and thin phone, it works well when using it single-handed. There is a YMMV depending on hand size and dexterity and such.		MOSTLY STOCK: this is mostly stock Lollipod Android the way Google envisions it. There are a few tweaks and additions, but that's the about it.		PRE-INSTALLED: Google's own apps, Blu's own apps, Opera browser, Yahoo Weather, Kindle, Amazon shopping app, and the Amazon app store. Can disable but not uninstall.		WEIGHT	* phone with SIM card inside: 3.8oz	* the frosty back protector: 0.3oz	* phone + frosty: 4.2oz	* add front screen protector and microSD: 4.5 oz	* comparison: Moto G (first g) naked is 5 oz (shorter and thicker, so it feels heavier)	* comparison: Nexus 4 naked is 4.9oz		OTHER THINGS	* USB cable removable from AC adapter so you can connect to computer	* AC adapter head is compact, doesn't waste space on wall or power strips	* charging cable is shorter than others (about 40 inches)	* Only four home screens instead of the usual five	* The default Home Screen is at the leftmost position, not the middle	* Volume Down and Power get you a screenshot (good button placement, works well)	* notification area shows different icon if headphones connect as headsets (the mic/remote ring makes contact) or not	* TIP: before you connect to Wifi or insert a SIM card, go through the Settings and turn off nosy data hoarding settings and other annoyances (eg Google Play default is to auto-update apps)
0,Very small, easy to remove and use in another car.  Holds the phone very well.
0,Works great as a night stand for my Apple Watch
0,NIce Product!
0,Griffin cases are great and so is this one. At the price you can't go wrong. It's sleek and slim and looks amazing on the phone.
0,On time arrival. Fits my phone very well. Thanks for your service
0,PHONE WAS STOLEN SO I RETURNED ITEM..
0,Works great with the Moto-360 2nd Generation, and the attachment pins are like the much more expensive Motorola bands (no tools needed to change).  After wearing and sweating, the pins froze-up, but a little light oil freed them up.  I recommend removing, cleaning, oiling the pins periodically, especially if you change bands frequently (I switch between Black Leather, Brown Leather, and Stainless just for variety).  The Motorola brand stainless band (for the Moto-360) is a little sturdier and nicer, but that price is ridiculous.		This is an excellent quality band, easy to adjust, and very well priced.
0,This product is solid, seems to resist scratches and is a better screen protector than any of the (very good) plastic screen protectors. Having also purchased some Tech Armor brand glass screen protectors for Galaxy S5s and Note 3s I was able to compare and contrast the two.		The sole reason for knocking off one star was that no matter how hard I tried, the protector was ever so slightly larger than the flat part of the Note 4. What this means is I have a small gap between the screen protector and the phone screen. This is not a major issue and is only noticeable if you are specifically looking at it. I will be honest is saying I went with this brand only because Tech Armor did not have a Note 4 glass protector yet. The installs of the Tech Armor glass protectors did not have the small gap issue. Would I buy this again? Probably, but if there was a Tech Armor version I would probably try that again.
0,very good
0,I play a lot of poker and, therefor, I am always carrying an iPod or my Android phone to listen to music. Before I got the New Trent iPulse I used to obsess over keeping my electric gadgets fully powered. You never know when a buddy is going to tip you off to a game and... Oh crap? Did I recharge my iPod last night?		No worries now. With a 12,000mAh battery this thing is all I need to worry about charging now. Then again, with so much power packed into this thing I often don't charge it because it is still plenty charged from the last time I had used it!		My first New Trent product was a replacement battery for my laptop. It cost about $28 and the laptop's manufacturer wanted $70 for their name brand battery. I was apprehensive, but ultimately I was impressed. It has performed beautifully. It was built with tight tolerances and was very well made.		After I registering my battery I got onto the New Trent newsletter. They sent me a $20 coupon for my iPulse. It was a no-brainer for me to buy this thing. After my previous good experience with the laptop battery and the $20 off coupon I couldn't resist!		We just got back from a weekend camping and fishing trip. I was able to provide Pandora music with my phone during the campfires all weekend long. One of the guys used my iPulse to power his iPad. Pretty much the entire group used it to recharge their phones and iPods all weekend long. This thing lasted all four days! I couldn't be more impressed and neither could the guy with the iPad. He used his iPad to buy one of these while we were out there camping!		Unfortunately for my friend he couldn't use a coupon. But he told me the way this thing is built and as long as it lasts he'd gladly have paid twice the price. I noticed when I came to the product page to write my review they knocked another $30 off of the price. Normally I would say, "Awe shucks, I should have waited," but this thing made our camping weekend a rocking success!
0,My use case wasn't a perfect for this product...I was looking for something that was 1) super small/portable that I could throw in my bag for travel (rental cars), and 2) be able to easily swap between cars/phones for my wife and I. This product alone doesn't deliver on those two points, but it is a solid product and I could see it benefiting someone not looking for those points.		It's quite a bit bulkier than the clasp-style vent holder, and because you need the magnet on your phone it's not easy for anyone to use it if you have a car that's swapping drivers often. I also found that the magnet backing didn't fit inside the two cases we have (super slim & hard plastic) as it made the case no longer fit as snug as it should...so, the only option is really to stick the magnet to the outside of the case - making it permanent on that phone & not aesthetically pleasing.		UPDATE: Anker's customer support is absolutely incredible. They reached out and offered to remedy my issue by sending a clasp-style holder (vs the magnetic style). Much better for my use case!
0,They are exactly what they say they are, and they work.
0,My kid likes it on his M9
0,as stated
0,It works great but it keeps the phone hot even when the phone is charged 100%. I was hoping because it had more contacts than the one I got on eBay it would have some sort of overcharge protection but I guess not.
0,Excellent  100 % positive
0,Nice case, simple and clean.
0,This thing is a beast. I bought it as a "just in case" kind of thing. I have played with it a little just for fun. Here's what I learned so far.		You can run a wireless router (ASUS Wireless N) for about 24 hours.	It will power a single light bulb desk lamp for over three days (when using an 470 lumens Phillips LED bulb)	You cannot run a Keurig coffee maker on it at all - Not just for brewing, but it also cuts itself off while the coffee machine is idle (I don't know why).	It will run a bunch of stuff at the same time if you use a surge protector/power strip.	  I ran a lamp, a humidifier, charged my iPhone 6S and iPad Air 2 all at the same time and had no issues at all.	It will run a Samsung 3D 1080p HDTV with no problem whatsoever.	No problems with Apple TV, Motorola Surfboard cable modem or Grace Digital wireless sound system either.		The bottom line here is that this thing is the real deal. If your power goes out for an extended time, you can charge the whole neighborhood's phones, you will not be in the dark and you will have entertainment. Hell, you can even run the TV, the Playstation, the cable box and the modem at the same time. However, I don't know if any device that provides heat will work. The safety mechanism will not run anything like a hair dryer or space heater (or coffee maker).		The digital display is a bit misleading. It has a four notch battery meter, which seems pretty accurate. It also has a number of "hours". 30 hours is fully charged, but this meter does not seem to make a lot of sense. If the hours go down, but the battery stays full, the juice is not drained. Also, once you turn off the stuff that is using the Anker, the hours number goes back up. Weird.		It's very cool. I hope I never need it for anything other than trying to see what works and what does not unless I take it camping or something like that.		PS - I have no idea about your sleeping machine, but I am guessing it would run them just fine. Why do so many people ask about those?
0,thank you for allowing me to review this item for free. I am very pleased with the item and would definatly recommend it to others. Thank you very much.
0,Very sturdy, well designed; exciting orange color. Certainly I recommend it. Bought for my wife same for her 6 plus in red color.
0,Great car dock it works well and as advertised.  I have a Galaxy S6 and it wirelessly charges even though my  Spigen case no problem(link at bottom). Holds the phone well good suction to my window.  It is a little expensive but its OEM. OEM products always more money than 3rd party. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00QU4PUKK/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
0,Nice
0,Great case.
0,thnk you for you the order is very good as what I whant and it nice to use thank agen to you
0,Very good quality cables. Nice fabric cover and aluminium USB shrouds. They have been holding up very well. Highly satisfied.
0,Sleek and slim. Not bulky lik other cases. I like it
0,This thing is great! It's so easy to install and fits on the vents in my 2008 Toyota Yaris no problem.		Even though the item is relatively simple design wise, I feel like it's well thought out and seems very well made. Has a nice solid feel to the material. The release and snap in place features make this thing feel extremely easy and convenient to use. I'm a firm believer that if it's at all difficult or cumbersome, you'll be less likely to use it on a day to day basis. This thing is very easy to get on and off yet when the phone is docked, it feels very secure.		I felt much safer using my GPS and not having to look down at the passenger seat, where I use to put my phone, every time I needed to look at the map.		Highly recommended!
0,Delivery was quick and case is nice and compact.
0,The Nexus 6P is a big phone which always makes case decision hard.  You want a good case that gives a fair amount of protection but when you have a big phone to begin with your re constantly asking yourself how much bigger you are willing to make it when evaluating cases!  This case is a super minimal both visually and in physical dimensions case.  So if you are looking to add just a thin layer of protection and want to keep as much of the phone itself in full visual reveal then this is a good match.  One of my favorite things to do with transparent case like this is to personalize them by printing photos and cutting them down to size and placing them between the phone and the case.  This case is truly transparent so it works great for that purpose, it's not tinted nor does the material have a grid or texture in it that can sometimes interfere with your attempt to personalize!  A rather basic case but one that makes a great canvas if thats what you are looking to do!		Product was purchased with my own funds but the seller did provide a promotional discount in exchange for agreeing to share my opinion and thoughts on the product.  No other compensation or consideration was exchanged nor did the seller have any input on the content of my write up!  I hope you find the rambling on about my experience helpful in your purchasing evaluation and I always do appreciate a helpful vote if you are so inclined!
0,I have only been using this charger for about 3 days but so far it has worked perfectly! This is a great product and now you don't have to worry about damaging your charging port!
0,Fits my phone great and protects it!
0,as expected , Just perfect
0,I bought this because I like to carry my iPhone with me.  However, not all my clothes have deep-enough or any pockets - such as exercise leggings, and belt clip-ons don't work with yoga or stretch leggings either. I feel like most carriers are for men with belt loops or sturdy waistbands.  Wrist phone carriers are clumsy; I like my hands free.  This is perfect in that I can wear it cross body and hardly know it is there.  I like the extra pockets, too, for dog bags and treats when I walk my dog.  I can even stick a pair of glasses in.  This soft grey color is my favorite as it goes with anything.		I'd give this five stars except the front black snap cover is a bit crooked - not great quality there.  It also took three weeks to arrive - although that was about two weeks sooner than I was told it was supposed to come.  For the price, though, I could not have done better.
1,Pretty but really bad quality.
1,I just received the wishing tree case & it looks awful. First of all the feel of the case is plastic, I've had better quality plastic ones that aren't so sticky and looks like the paint will come off in a week. The colors are MUCH DARKER than shown on the picture. The phone has a stylus that you cannot even use unless you take your phone off the case to remove it! It honestly looks like a case I could've bought at the swapmeet for half the price.
1,this doesn't hold up the best...the fishbone is plastic and not very sturdy...the fishbone broke after dropping the phone a couple times
1,I had a bad experience with the product for Samsung Galaxy Note Edge. The installation is extremely difficult, it doesn't matter how clean or carful you are, dust particles attach to the sticky side. Plus it creates a lot of air bubbles. Even if you  manage to install it successfully, it has a texture that distorts the colors and the crisp image of your screen. I ended up throwing the product to the trash.		---	Carlos C&aacute;rdenas
1,it's not made too good at all,one of them came apart.
1,Ended up giving this phone to my toddler as a toy phone for tv shows and youtube due to firmware issues. Couldn't even log into Snapchat. Disappointing Christmas gift.
1,Screen worked 1 day and then went black, I really do not think people should play ...
1,I only gave 1 star because I have only had this case for less than a few months and the crystals are falling off but the service was fast
1,only nice in the first few weeks ... then easily scratched ... and does not protect your iPhone at all .. specially when dropped on the front screen side .. my phone get broken with it ... sadly I purchased 2 items and gifted to my friend who faced the same sad end as me
1,Fades easily but did protect my phone when I dropped it.
1,Crappy material. crappy design once you actually see it. Although it does protect your phone.
1,Charger doesn't work unless the device is turned off.
1,The product adds lots of weight to the phone. The cover snugged too tight on the leather version of LG I was having. Taking out the cover is a nightmare and I was not sure if the original leather cover will tear off. Unless one is looking to add bulkiness and weight to the phone, won't be recommending the model.
1,This is not very useful.  Seemed like a cool idea since I hate seeing cords and cables strung all around, but practical application falls short.  The compartment under the rack is way too small to conceal cords when fully loaded.  The rack just sits on top of the cord compartment so if you've jammed  a bunch of cables into place and they poke out the top,  even a little, the rack will not sit on the compartment properly and wobbles.  I bought the matching  power supply  because we charge more than phones and tablets...it's dumb.  It's a power supply wrapped in fake leather that doesn't attach to anything... It sits at the back of the cable compartment.  Nothing locks in, everything either sits atop something else or beside something else.  It's not smartly designed, but rather smartly marketed.  I'm looking for a sturdier and more smartly designed solution.  For a single person this may work, but for a family with many and varied devices, no bueno.
1,Do not waste your money on this case. Granted, it is great to keep your phone protected but it is such annoyance too. BEcause of the 23 layers of protection around it, I can't get to my buttons. The sides come all up the phone, making it hard for your text and type. Plus the case is really heavy and bulky.
1,These are hot our miss. My phone felt like a brick with this case. Cool kickstand but doubles your phone size. The buttons are also backwards and very very hard to press. No recommendations from me. A terrible case if you're hands are weak or if you're an elderly person. Avoid.
1,Very cheap design and does not stay in place where mounted.
1,First off, Spigen has terrible customer service. Good luck getting a response. With that said their customer service does not change my view of the product. This case will scratch the sides of your Note 4. This case is like a trojan horse. It's suppose to protect yet it destroys the exterior of your phone. Avoid this product at all costs.
1,The case is too thick at the bottom to allow a phone charger to connect.
1,Sent this item back because it would not stay adhered to my watch (corners lifted right after I installed it)  and only protected a small portion of the face. Just not my cup of tea!!
1,I hardly review anything but I love their  cases and all but these screen protector is terrible. First one I installed didn't stick from the edges. And now the second one I installed is perfect but an. What a scratch magnet. I just put it in my pocket for in hour and BAM! Scratches all over it  light ones and I deep one right in the middle of the phone. I will still keep it on there but until I find a better one. I'll be moving on.
1,This product didn't work right. It wouldn't hold charge and wasn't a new phone like it said it was. J
1,Way too large and heavy, especially for a travel power supply.
1,I really liked this phone for the two weeks it was usable. Great battery life, very responsive, usable in games, expandable storage worked great, small ROM left plenty of space the 16GB model. I liked it so much I bought three for the family.		Unfortunately there were no accessories available. Two broke with "screen protectors" on. Tempered glass protectors were not available. One broke with the official Blu case on. Didn't protect. Since there is no third party support for accessories I don't suggest buying this phone. It won't last. With edge to edge glass that is unprotected it won't last.
1,Useless piece of junk..		Backed it on KS now used it for a couple weeks trying to put up with it's unpredictable and annoying lack of response or usefulness. Then I started to notice it was making the area around my headphone jack get warm... Not going to risk overheating and destroying my phone or a part of my phone...		Save yourself some disappointment!
1,Bought these when they were on sale for $10. I would not spend more than that on them. Build quality is good. My biggest complaint is the connection drops regularly. Makes songs almost unable to be listened to. Erratic quality. You can play one song without issue and have the next one be so choppy that you can't even get 15 seconds of unbroken sound. This is with phone in pocket or in hand, too. Not talking distance away either. I'll keep them for $10, but much better options out there.		UPDATE: After two weeks of use, I can honestly say that these are the worst product I've purchased off of Amazon. These cut out even while lying in bed trying to listen to music with phone 3 feet away. They are unusable on a bike ride. You will not get unbroken sound if you leave in your pocket. Review downgraded to 1 star to reflect my disdain with this product.
1,great product for bikecycle
1,Great looking ad-on and design for the phone. But i had it on for one day and. it just cracked. Literally, i didn't drop, slam or put my phone down at all. Like i said great design needs better material though.
1,Very convenient to have a variety of lengths available. I'm a little concerned about durability because the reinforcement where the cable plugs into a device looks a little flimsy.		I'll update this review after around a half year.		February 26, 2016 Update		As I feared,  the cable which  I usue daily has stopped working. The part of the cable near the end needs to be reinforced better. Rating reduced to 3 stars.		May 24, 2016 Update		Another cable has failed. Rating reduced to 2 stars.
1,I return it
1,this product is a good idea, but trying to keep it inside my cigarette lighters is a pain.
1,Works great. Delivered on schedule.		Update, i just bought these chargers and taken real good care of them but they no longer charge. The circuit keeps going on and off...i especially  took care of these becuase i thought i messed up my old ones nut now im thinking their lifespan aint that much....only lasted until my last post seen above.
1,I like but my camera has no protection its already scratched
1,This product was advertised as a unlocked phone but came as an AT& T phone tampered with
1,I have a three year old garmin.  I thought with the lifetime maps, smaller size, it might be time to upgrade. Boy was that a mistake. I used it for three routes and it went completely out of the way on all of them.....one as much as 25 minutes (the route would have been 50 minutes--but it turned it into 75 minutes--horrible, in my opinion).  I need a gps I can trust.  I even rerouted the thing and had less than satisfactory routes.  I will not use again		The size is great, it is Slim. The touch screen is slow to respond but I think that is because I'm used to an iPad.		This also takes a long time to connect to satellites--my garmin connects almost instantly--but with this i can be a couple 1-2 miles down the road before it connects.		Would not recommend
1,The product didn't work with my tempered glass screen protector it lift it up. I contact the Spigen and they said : Unfortunately we cannot guarantee that the iPhone 7 Ultra Hybrid case is compatible with different brand screen protectors as it has not been tested together.
1,the material of the Cables are very bad
1,This virtual reality headset only works with Fibrum games, most of which aren't great and seem experimental. Even the setting on Youtube mobile that allows you to see like a virtual reality doesn't work with this headset. If you don't have a lot of space on your phone, you can't download all the apps, some of which don't even work. The headset isn't very comfortable and the Velcro gets caught easily in hair. When you put your phone in the headset, it doesn't seem very secure and you can't put it in with a case on so it seems dangerous.
1,So at first this worked wonderfully. Kept a charge forever, I could charge several things over the course of a few days, exactly what I wanted as a college student out of the house 40+ hours a week with no access to outlets. Cool cool. Now however it won't hold a charge for anything. I charged it all the way to full last night, grabbed it off the desk this morning, and after charging my nexus 4 20% it's down to one bar of battery life. I will still use it because at least I can get one charge for my phone out of it still (for now) but this is definitely not what I was hoping for and it's not really worth hauling around a 1+ pound brick to get one charge out of it.
1,Too Thick, it affects functionality
1,Cracked within a few weeks
1,ok
1,I ordered this phone case excited about the design and sparkle but when it arrived it was just a color printed case. Something I could have made at hope since the color was already chipping off as I put it onto my phone. Plus the biggest dissapointment was there is NO felt sparkle as shown in the picture. Regular case nothing special don't reccommend buying especially since the colors don't even come out as pictured:(((
1,it is listed as good for 2500 sq feet it was only good for 18 inches. i called wilson tec services and they recomended additional equipment that would have  cost and additional $500+
1,Tried 2 of them, the protector is slightly bigger than the screen so one side has a big bubble along the edge that you cant get rid off. I have the 1st Gen Moto X.
1,not impressed, cheaply made, looks cheap for the price, i returned it
1,Very thin case, it is just a back cas. It is plastic and thin just for the weekend. But is very cute design
1,Do NOT purchase any Anker micro usb cables. They are all garbage. They quite working in less then a week. It's not giving me an option to return so I guess I'm stuck with two bad cables.
1,It didn't fit.
1,This phone looks great on paper. In reality, however, it is not good at all. The phone looks great, seems to have nicely designed software. However, during the automatic update the phone does when you first turn it on, it rebooted itself and never turned back on. It became a complete brick just by doing an update.
1,2 failed, so long they are slow but if you just need long and 3 out of 5 worked.
1,I would not recommend this case to anyone.  It is very cheaply made.  The rubber part of the case is already falling apart within the first hour of using it.  Plastic part feels very cheap as well.
1,I thought this charger was the coolest thing ever! It holds a charge when not being used and it also charges fast. However, after less than 2 months it no longer charges my phone. I tried to exchange it for a new one but I am past my refund period.
1,this does not stick to the screen correctly like all the reviews.  Also kills the sensor for in-call. returning for these defects. also is not in Zagg packaging. its complete garbage. been using this product since they had it for the original droid. this one they completely missed on.
1,Do NOT purchase this item for the Microsoft Lumia 950XL if you're purchasing based on the provided pictures. The screen protector doesn't not wrap all the way around the ear speaker. Instead, the screen protector is cutout from the left of the ear speaker all the way across to the front facing camera where it comes back. I get that it has a face/iris scanner which can't be blocked but the holes (in the photo) account for that where on the actual protector received do not (See attached comparison photos)
1,These are junk. The first screen protector pealed up at the corners when I put it in my pocket. The second showed SEVERAL scratches within 2 days of light use. Even though they were cheap, it was still not worth the money.
1,Came but missing pieces not sure if the seller hope it was a mistake ordered new one let's see what happens
1,Its Ok
1,The ad for this case is misleading you cannot use the phone in the case...
1,This thing doesn't seem to quick charge LG G6, my phone gets the quick charge icon but I can honestly say it charges a lot slower than the quick charge in my other car, it feels like it is maybe only charging at 2.4. I have an AXGIO quick charge 3.0 Cigarette Lighter charcter in my other vehicle and it charges nearly twice as fast!
1,broken screen, poor protection
1,One of the 2 charging port stopped working ,,, even though I use an Anker certified cable ,,, this was a disappointment ,,, I need a replacement ,,,
1,I liked the case because of the hello kitty .. But, be aware of the stones and jewels that falls off..
1,waste of money bad products
1,Kept coming off the edge and eventually accumulated dust. Had to remove it and get use the one by yootech instead.
1,This protector cracked and broke in different chunks easily. Very disappointed.		This did not protect my touch screen from getting a crack between the protector and my case. One tiny tiny knick led to a small crack to a bigger crack which led to a totally shattered screen with 2 weeks. The only thing this protector did was pick up shattered glass.
1,This was too long and the cutout for the front camera was not in the correct position! Waist of money!
1,Didn't fit correctly and broke as I was applying. I have used a lot of tempered glass protectors and never had this happen before.
1,didnt work with the fone number everything correct but just ddnt work.
1,I didn't like it,because the wallet is left hand.
1,I bought this product on Nov 20 and only lasted for 2 and half months. The quality of the materials feels cheap. I used with my LG G3 and even without the case, everytime I used it I felt like it was about to broke in any moment (since I had to expand the grips all the way to fit my LG G3 which is sort of big, despite the fact the car vent says it will fit an LG G3).
1,wrong product
1,These phones went to hardbrick. I bought 2 phones and both get in hardbrick. Nothingh work in this phone, I tried Power+Home+Volumne - but nothing work.		The battery is Ok, I tried with another battery (from other alive S4 mini) and it doesn't work.
1,Initially, I really liked this case, but now I regret spending the money. My $5 case lasted from Caseology much better than this one.  This case gets dirt and grime in the ridges on the back an is impossible to get out. It also stains around the edges. I have only had this case for about a month, and it looks disgusting. I also don't like that it doesn't cover up the crappy silver plastic edges of the S5 that have chipped away on the front. An extra half centimeter around the front of the case would have easily solved this. Save your money on this one.
1,Warning do not buy this product is absolute garbage. Bought it for my Apple Watch and the screen saver never attached itself to the screen it just slid all over the place save your money and buy a good product is this one is absolute trash
1,Garbage. The pins that hinge the front fell out before I could use it. Garbage.
1,I returned because for me It s not good quality and look weird
1,The sticky portion melted to my window and was no longer  usable. Don't bother with this product, look elsewhere.
1,Buttons are very hard to push.  It's even worse in cold weather.  Good protection for your phone, but nearly impossible to use the buttons.  I have another case by Cutebe that looks the same, but the buttons are very easy to use.
1,I WANTED GLASS...........
1,It's not bad but I don't like the power button is really hard to push
1,not easy to put on
1,horrible service anywhere you are great if u want a hand held am fm radio couldn't store anything on couldn't change anything on it was not worth the money would have returned it if my toddler hadnt gotten a hold of it
1,Very low quality. Folded wine and mobile does not fit into the case.
1,It was tearing a month after I receive it. was not pleased with it at all.
1,the battery might be ok but even though it says NFC, forget about it. google wallet won't work with this battery, I'll be sending it back
1,The belt clip is not able to change position.
1,The charger provided does not work in the US. I think its a European plug. This should be stated in the item description.
1,These did not hold up well.  Went through two of them and switched to another brand of similar product by Pure Gear.
1,I have been using Motorola products for years and this is another gadget that just does not deliver. I had the HS801 headset previous to this one and it worked well as long as it was not in a car (which is what I purchased it for). This disintegrated in about a year. I decided to try a the newest Motorola headset and this one worked worse than the cheaper Motorola unit that fell apart in a year. Connectivity was a big issue. It would drop in and out of connection with the phone. Useless when trying to have a conversation. This is with a Motorola phone! The sound was poor both listening and with others listening to me. They could barely hear me because of any background noise would drown out my voice. This was when the microphone was carefully positioned for optimal sound. The ergonomics are questionable for functional use because one of the sound problems related the the position of the microphone on the "boom" of the headset. While wearing it, the small opening for the microphone would press into my face. Therefore, covering the microphone rendering it useless to having a normal conversation.		The reason I gave it 2 stars. The battery lasted a long time and it was easy to use with the buttons. I also liked the idea of having the microphone boom that would fold out and automatically turn the headset on and connect to the phone.		Motorola really needs to work on some quality issues and make some minor changes to the design.		In summary I returned the headset and spent my money on a Plantronics which works very well and the sound is very good.		Also, please excuse the gramatical errors. No time to review and correct.
1,Doesn't work at all with iphone 6 in otterbox case.  Phone keep flying out of holder.
1,Didnt work
1,Broke after a week.
1,After receiving this holster for my nexus 5 I was unable to get the item fit. I removed the two different casings and could partially get it on, but it would not seat correctly around the edges. Once I accomplish a somewhat install of the case it was time to see how the holster worked. The grip edges were off where the holster and the phone mated up causing the phone to not seat. requiring you to remove the whole thing just to force the phone out. I will not be relying on this type of holster and went back to the old standby generic leather with flip cover.		I would not trust the holster as the grip edges do not ride correctly from the holster and the phone case and could cause a possible drop.
1,too hard to put on and just didn't believe it was water proof!
1,doesn't work, doesn't hold a charge to actually use on my low battery cell phone, a waste pretty much. not impressed
1,Ok case not bad for the price not super rugged but not bulky
1,It does not fit the actual phone
1,Just can't believe it - it's like a fine sandpaper in your hands.	What's the problem with rubberized plastic with a little bit of 3d pattern. Like the back cover of my old LG L9 that simply sticks to my hands.
1,I tried to use this to hold my iPhone on the heater vent on my cars dash. It was very difficult to get it's various parts to slide into place, my phone often pops out of it, and it was almost impossible to get it attached to the dash vents. It would pop off the vents frequently, and within a few months it managed to break three of the little vent slats. That has been fun. My heater vent is now completely broken, no more direction control at all.		Sometimes I'm a little hard headed, so I tried to keep using it, because dammit it should do it's job. So I tried to use it on the other vent. Luckily this time the clamps on the back of the actual holder broke, instead of the car vent pieces.		Time to find something that actually does it's job.
1,i got an iphone 6, but I bought the 6plus... i cant return  it cuz im in a another country... your doing something wrong AMAZON.
1,Falls apart... what more must I say
1,I didn't like this because the snap on doesn't stay together, it falls apart. When I text it falls apart
1,Junk.  Threw it away after a week
1,Did not fit my S5 phone Returned it no problem.
1,Used it few times but did not like it	it does not fit well the car vent	fall too many times off	better use something with better grip
1,If I could give this a 1/2 or zero star I definitely would.  Do not waste your money.  Purchased four of these - one as a gift and three for myself in different colors because of their low price.  Like the light up but good grief, only lasts 1-2 weeks before the outer plastic breaks when you charge it up.  Total waste of money.
1,casing does not fit over the boot and screen protector, and it cracked around the button holes within one week of use.  My daughter has one as well, and it does not fit either.  She just uses it without the screen cover to help the fit.  I sent it back and bought the Seidio CONVERT case and holster which is a much better design and better holster.  Holster has hinged clip instead of bending plastic (which will obviously not last very long).
1,This appears the be the most successful of the spam-review inflated iPhone holders. Unfortunately, I did not research enough to realize most of the reviews for this product are written in broken English.		- Does not fit iPhone 6 Plus (loose in pouch)	- Holes at top and bottom do not allow for power plug to insert	- No easy way to use volume and on/off side buttons	- Finger touches often don't register through plastic cover	- Home button almost impossible to press	- Cleaning cloth doesn't clean screen well		Also, I'm pretty sure I ordered the grey color but they sent me purple.		As far as the positives, the actual manufacture quality looks decent and it does come with a free screen protector sticker. (Would be better if the cleaning cloth that goes with it actually removed dirt.)		I ended up looking up outside ratings for an armband. Wirecutter recommends the Tuneband. It costs about twice as much but, you know, actually works.
1,This phone case fits my Gzer smart phone beautifully, but the attachment method for vertical belt carry seems like an afterthought.  Maybe that is too kind though.  In reality, it is just plain stupid.  I carry a Maxpedition shoulder bag every day and figured that this would be as well thought out.  "Fraid not.  If they had just connected the clip to the case, this would have been perfect.  As it is, it is a source of daily exasperation.
1,Definitely not a fast charging option...I use this with my S8+ and it takes well over 3 hours to charge		Update: StarTOP customer service is one of the best around!! Read my reveiw and reached out to discuss it's issues and possible solutions...will be shopping with them again!
1,I bought this based off of other reviews and now I'm wishing I went with another brand. The color matched part of the screen protector is plastic, which would be fine, but it doesn't have any adhesive on it.  It lifts very easily, especially when a case is pushing against it.  I can see this getting damaged in no time and only one of my cases fits ok with it on.  The others are unusable.
1,Did not charge. It actually dispelled my iPhone of charge it had so in morning it was dead. I charged it then tried this cake again and watched it deplete it. Ugh.
1,the glass itself is very smooth, just it doesn't have a hole for the front camera. the front camera is covered by the glass. the opening for the ear piece at the top is smaller than the phone. the size of the glass is a kind of small compare to the screen.
1,I have had this screen protector since they first became available.  I ordered it direct from Seidio along with a case.  The screen protector was easy to apply as you don't have to bother with any liquids.  Now for the bad part.  The fit is not great.  I lined mine up with the speaker grill at the top and there is a gap at the bottom where the screen isn't protected.  Not a huge gap but it was definitely more than other screen guards I have used on phones.  Not very precisely cut.  The other not so great thing is that this screen protector scratches.  I have a ton of scratches on it and I do not abuse it.  It never goes into a pocket with keys or anything else.  I expect more from a screen guard than this.
1,Disappointing,the kickstand is cheaply made and came off after a week.
1,Don't cover the whole screen like most of the others. The protector is sacrificed for the screen,  that's good, however They say "life warranty" but they don't say they only replace 2 times.
1,Power switch gets stuck. Need to turn on/off few times before it connects. Doesn't hold securely in ear while walking or jogging. Sound quality is OK
1,Would not stay charged, would drain phone battery.
1,I wanted to get a case that is lit for selfies but Got his instead. The light is not that bright.
1,The case will not charge my phone at all, even when I have the mini USB cord plugged into the case while it houses the phone. Is this product even Apple MFI certified? Also, putting the case on and taking it off my phone is such a hassle. If I didn't have long fingernails, I couldn't even imagine how much more frustrated I would be with the process. All in all, I really wanted to like the Helium, but it didn't prove itself.
1,Doesn't really fit right, and impossible to use if you also have a case.		I used to work in a phone store and part of my job was to install screens.  In my opinion, the Apple Watch screen isn't really designed for a protector.
1,OnePlus One DOES NOT FIT properly. The alcohol pad has high water content so it leaves water on the screen and could get into your speakers. The microfiber cloth leaves dust! The magic sticker to remove dust leaves marks. Generally, this is the worst kit I have ever attempted to apply to a phone. I have used screensavers for many years and tried out this company because it said it was a direct fit for an oddball phone. Not only did it not fit. The dang glass was warped on the bottom left corner creating a huge air bubble. Yes, I know how to apply film and glass. This kit was not made for this phone. The application tools they give you could be much better. A true dust free microfiber cloth is key. The alcohol swab was junk. Who cleans electronics with anything but high test alcohol? Don't get it if you want it on a OnePlus One. It's garbage. Others have given this good reviews on their other phones, who knows why?
1,The first time I used this one my Retina MacBook Pro it cleaned it quickly and thoroughly. I ran it under the sink and let it air-dry as instructed, but with every subsequent use I found it leaving the white streaks that others have mentioned. It also seemed to be a magnet for anything floating in the air, like dog hair.		This item is over priced for what it is and I advise looking out other, cheaper products.
1,It's a good protective case but a terrible holster.  The phone slides out when attached to the belt in horizontal mode when you walk fast or bump it with your hand.  It fell out of my holster on several occasions.  The reason I said that the case is good because the phone was OK after it fell out.  Don't buy it if you need a secure holster.  I'm returning this product due to defective design.
1,did not work
1,Case came fast and fits well BUT plastic is very hard. Not much give in case of a drop. Cheaply made also. Strands of rubber all over from when molded. Description makes it sound like soft impact absorbing rubber corners. Theyre not. Still as afraid to drop my phone. Feels like quality of a $5 case. I will chuck this one and pay the extra for otterbox quality
1,The seller sold me what they claimed was a brand new OEM LG battery. When charged it only lasted 30 minutes. It drops 3 bars in that time. That is WITHOUT using it. I mostly only use my phone for texting. There was NO mfg. or expiration date on the battery so who knows how old it actually is. Real batteries have a date on them. It wasn't even in the original packaging. Could be a faux LG battery. Total junk. Seems to be scores of negative reviews about them selling defective batteries. 166 negative reviews is pretty bad and not a coincidence. They had the gall to ask me to remove my negative review of them. Amazon should be contacted just how many buyers received defective batteries. They should not be allowed to sell anything on Amazon. What a sham.
1,Well, if it was what was pictured I would probably buy another.  However, what was sent was not a suction cup mount and instead a glue on mount.  My bad, I didn't realize the "sticky" side was glue until it was on and started oozing after being left on the window in high temperatures.  It didn't do any damage as it was on the window where I could leverage a razor blade to clean the surface.		Other than that, the unit itself felt cheap.  That however wouldn't drive the 1-star review...that comes from it being incorrectly described in the purchase posting.
1,They claim to be anti-fingerprint but that is far from truth.  It's a very nice clear screen protector but it's best for devices where the screen is not a touchscreen.  The games I've been playing on the Vita require the touch screen and it's a fingerprint magnet.  I won't be as mad if it was as ez as just wiping the screen every so often but that's not the case!  Takes more than elbow grease to remove fingerprints.  You'll need some liquid or some kind though tap water works. Very disappointed so learn from my mistake, do not purchase this unless you don't care about the fingerprints all over the place.
1,Seems that every single case sold has a FACTORY DEFECT, it appears to be a scratch or maybe a fissure close to the touch ID Fingerprint. BE AWARE that you need to pay the shipping cost to return the product.
1,MALFUNCTION IS OFF CONSTANTLY AND WHEN YOU ENTER A WED PAGE ALSO GOES NO PROBLEM WITH PROCESSOR VOLTAGE AND YOU GET WELL PROBLEM WHY BUY EQUIPMENT WITH BATTERY AND FOLLOW THE PROBLEM
1,I purchased this after reading the positive reviews.  I should have paid more attention to some of the negative reviews that talked about the microphone wand that acts as an on/off switch.		I used it a total of about 6 times and the "wand" refuses to go back. The mechanism that allows it to retract is not working and as a result its always on.		When I went to Amazon to return it, it would not let me return saying the last date to return had just passed and there is some vague language about partial credit etc.		So I opened a warranty ticket with BlueAnt.  Let's see how that works.		I am disappointed that Amazon does not clearly explain what to do with products that go defective after a month.
1,Did not work at all.
1,The rubber cover below the HOME button and above the charging port has very little strength.  Over a short time it stretches and becomes loose.		This is a problem with the COMMUTER cover for the Samsung S6, S7, and S8.  I wish Otterbox would redesign it.  The S8 Defender has a better charging port flap design in that it is "hinged" the opposite direction.
1,I had been received a iPhone 4s that is working fine, look nice...the seller said Used-Like New still in original pristine packaging but after some comparison with my old iPhone 4s I realized that is a cheap re-built iPhone, can you believe???...All accessories (charger, ear-pod...) and box are the counterfeit products (not an after market). Disappointed buyer, I will use the phone anyway because I need it right now, I have to get the original charger from Staple to use for electrical safety reason. I hope they will get a better inspector who suppose to be know how to do inspection for a counterfeit product, so many counterfeit product on website . So, please be careful when you decide to buy a used phone online!		As you seen on these pictures:	1-Charger/cable: counterfeit, poor quality, cheap plastic, incorrect printed " information" to-->"infermation"...!? That is usually see on the China counterfeit product.	2-Ear-pod: counterfeit on the right look very cheap when you compare with the authentic apple product on the left.	3-Box: counterfeit (poor copy printing...)	4-Re-built: look very funny.		The phone is good working, fully functional, and can be upgraded to the newest iOS version. Good luck!!!
1,The cutouts for this screen protector is all off. You can either choose to have the cutout skewed at the home button or the top portion (light sensor, speakers, front facing camera). If you plan to purchase this I'd have it skewed on top since having it skewed on the home button may lead to your thumb being scratched by plastic when you use the fingerprint reader.		Screen protector also does not cover the whole screen. The corners of the device is cut awkwardly and out of place.		It is scratch resistant, but not anti-fingerprint. It attracts fingerprints like crazy, I find myself wiping the screen off after every session before I put it in my pocket or bag.		If you have a tight screen cover that hugs the edges, we warned it may lift up the screen protector leading to bubbles on one side.	Application is easy (as I've applied dozens of screen protectors before) so no worries there		Overall this screen protector is a pain to have on, and find myself throwing it away. Not sure what the other reviewers are talking about (I may have gotten a defective one?, or the screen protector does not fit on the T-mobile S7 Edge?), but I'd stay away from this screen protector unless you want to throw away your money.		I received this product at a discount in exchange for a honest review
1,These stop working after about a 2 months.  Either the micro part bends, or the wire inside frays.
1,phone has connection issues won't stay connected to network I'm using it on metrics i will say the look and feel of phone is good and camera is very capable but i def wouldn't buy again
1,I like the light, but it would never connect 100% to my Z3 Compact.  The phone would constantly connect and disconnect from the cable while it was laying on my desk.
1,Cons:	-Not for high power devices. see blow	-Both ports are 1 Amp max		Pro:	- huge Battery	- Feels nice		Here are the limitations that make this device a bummer.	1) Each port is 1 amp and maximum total power is 2.1 amp.	the device will turn off if you exceed any of the two above requirement.	Thats just silly, limit the user to 1 Amp like 80% of chargers out there not just shut off...!!!		Here are two cases that this thing shut off:		-I connected two high power devices ( HTC m8 and note 3), the device shut off. However, each device charges fine  individually with standard cable. Makes the high capacity two port basically useless for anybody using modern phone with high current capability.		I also tried a very think 3 A rated cable with m8 and device shut off immediately , it exceeded the 1 amp rating because the m8 is actually able to charge at 2 A+ with a supported qualcomm quick charge 2 charger.		Overall this device is HUGE and HEAVY. It needs to be to hold that much charge, the issue is that the engineers didn't take into account that users rather have slow charge than no charge at all. This makes the device poorly engineered. Instead of a limiter, a auto shutoff was implemented.		Will buy Revision 2 if the charging issue is fixed.
1,slow, but for what I needed to work
1,Did not work on my iPhone 5s. But got my money back from the manufacturer.
1,Reading all the reviews I thought this was the right screen protector but its not. The right side of the screen protector never adhered to the screen so it continues to pop up. I tried again with 2nd screen protector and got the same result. Back to the drawing board looking for a screen protector to fit the S7 Edge.
1,This isn't the newer case so it has the older skin over the case; it stretches and catches on things...Otterbox has redesigned this rubber casing but this wasn't that particular one.
1,Do not fit as described
1,I still didn't get it. I don't know where is it and. Need it soon. Bought it for my galaxy
1,I bought this because it has the camera hole on it. Of course the hole is on the wrong side making it useless.
1,Please do not buy this watch plate.  It looks like a bright, cheap, plastic cover.  It also fell off within the first hour of wearing it and is now lost, so I cannot return it for a refund.  Listen to all the other reviews and save your money.
1,Got the card for free with a phone purchase. To activate the SIM card, you have to provide your credit card number. I asked not to be charged beyond the initial $9.99, so they did not bother to activate...
1,This Pouch fits the IPhone perfect but the quality is cheap.  It lasted about 2 weeks.  First the belt clip ripped off after about a week.  Then the belt loops lasted about another week.  I was very disappointed.
1,Seems to be a waste of money.  An hour on the charger and percentage went down not up. Cannot (should not have to)  find the "sweet spot" to get it to charge.
1,These are not high speed 2.0 charging cables.  They are standard charging cables.
1,Dropped it once and it broke.
1,Wrong size
1,Great capacity and charging speed!  I use this all the time!  Dual port is very handy. I'll use one port to charge the BT Speaker and my phone while I am out in the garage our away from the house.  Perfect, reliable, and a life safer!		**Update**	Now it no longer automatically charges. I have to press the power button a few times for it to start charging.  I've replaced cables and tried both ports, same results.  I've reached out to their customer service and I have yet to hear back.  The great extended warranty is totally useless if they never answer your claim!!
1,nice idea ... but little use in real life
1,Breaks easily when dropped
1,I bought this case because the thought of NOT having to carry around a wallet was a great idea. The cost of making the choice to buy this case/wallet has been a $150 charge to replace my cracked screen after dropping my iPhone on concrete less than two feet from the ground. There's several problems: First the hinge portion isn't wide enough, I carry a lot of cash on me so the wallet has difficulty staying in the closed position; thus, nullifying any protective value to the screen. This problem could be solved by widening the bend in the in the middle. The wall tends to fly open when dropped; thus, the iPhone screen is likely to break if it falls off a table like mine did. If you are using the phone and drop it, you're likely to break it as well. This problem could be easily remedied by having the portion of the wallet that holds the phone surrounded by a rubber edge. The ideas is great, I love not having to carry a wallet but have realized that I must protect the phone rather than opt for convenience of having two in one. Therefore, I have ordered a new case that doesn't have the convenience of the wallet. If the company who makes these phone cases fixed the noted design flaws I would purchase it.
1,too big & bulky for the phone.  Found a smaller one at the mall.
1,This made the phone appear huge. The stand is a nice detail but broke on the second use.  The phone also overheated in the case, but then it was never a really good phone to begin with.
1,not sturdy at all, i lost my new samsung galaxy s7 edge with this....do not buy lol
1,The case came in a ziplock bag with instructions for a battery, which I didn't order. The white hard-shell part was cracked in one part and there were no instructions on how to put it on, so it cracked further while fitting it on in the method I am used to with two-piece cases (put the inner-case on first, then fit the outer shell on after). The crack further spread with each removal of the case (I have two batteries which I rotate; when one drains, I swap with the second and charge the first). Both pieces of the case are not flexible whatsoever, though, overall, the case seems very sturdy. I was disappointed because it doesn't seem like I could trust it to protect my device with each small flexion cracking it more.
1,It is as pictured, but with these flaws:		 The hole in the case through which the micro-USB (charging cable) must connect is too small, so that all but the smallest USB plugs have difficulty maintaining a secure connection.	 Likewise, the hole for the headphone connector is too small in diameter.	 It is very difficult to press the Power and Volume bottoms, much more so than a similarly designed case I have.	 The magnetic clasp works okay when closing the case, but when you fold the front cover behind the back, the clasp does not secure to the cover there.		I can only conclude the designer of this case never used it themself.
1,Not the best, went with the all clear front
1,This case was flimsy and was not good quality. I used it one day and the zebra print stared coming off. The edges also started to bulge out from around the edges. Pretty but quality was cheap.
1,My fault for not realizing all the 5-star reviews were "discounted products in exchange for an honest review." Right... First off, I was under the impression that this case was much sturdier than it actually is. It's basically a glorified rubber case and my phone doesn't feel protected at all. The "raised lip" advertised is practically nonexistent. I don't feel like it would do much of anything to protect my screen should my phone fall face-down. The material this is made out of is cheap and it sucks. The design is beautiful but one of the gold parts was popped out when I received it and I can't get it to stay down. Don't waste your time buying this, and don't be fooled by the "honest" 5-star reviews. You can buy an actual cute, sturdy case (raised lip included) for a few dollars more.
1,I'm conflicted about this product. While it does provide pretty decent protection, the power button (at least on mine) was unusable with this case. I had to cut a hole where the power button was to use it. Maybe it was just defective but other than that its a decent case.
1,It is a great protector if you don't have a phone case. My cases would force the edges of the screen to bubble up.
1,Arrived quickly. The case has an extra open end on the top of the phone, which makes me think it was designed for another version of the LG G3. The case itself is pretty flimsy. I attempted to return it, but the shipping costs would have been more than half of the price of the case. I'll just give it away or donate it.
1,update:	2 weeks in, the black plastic that holds the cell phone to the magnetic strip cracked and chipped off.  I haven't had a cell phone case break off like that ever.  Most last until I switch cell phones.  At first the left side cracked and chipped off then the right side.  This is no good.  I wish they worked on that part and made it more durable.  Sure this is a cheap purchase, but I still would have liked the thing to last longer than 2 weeks.  So on my final review, yes it is quite convenient, but I won't recommend it because the plastic cover isn't that durable.		initial review:	I like how convenient it is.  No longer do I have to carry two items in my pocket.  This is very convenient.  I was so used to carrying cell phone and wallet separately that I kept looking for my cell phone or wallet during the first week of using this.  I love how you can take away the cellphone from the wallet when needs be so I don't look ridiculous holding my entire wallet while answering the phone.  That was a very nice and thoughtful design.  I also like the fact besides letting you carry multiple cards, there is also a space for stashing cash, though the case becomes huge if you fill up on cards and cash and too big for the small leather strip to secure the entire case.
1,This is the most expensive case I bought for all my iPhones. Well, this is the one to get. Great looking and fits nice. Worth the price. Is what I wrote a year ago. Since then One outer frame broke several months ago and mine two weeks ago. Spigen is difficult to realize that the frame is week at the volume switch and break. To get replacement one has to prove that he is living and gingerly used the case. I will get a different case but won't buy a Spigen
1,Not sure what to do, i'm stuck with this HUGE phone that I HATE !!!		Love the service from Verizon Wireless but hate my phone! The Galaxy 4S did not live up to what my expectations were nor what the reviews stated ... I MISS MY iPHONE !!!!
1,this product was ok. It protects the phone however the baseball print rubs off very quickly.
1,it was broken
1,I don't like writing bad reviews, and I gave this one 2 stars only coz the first one I purchased actually worked. Although now I wonder if that one is really a "speed" charger at all. Second purchase was totally defective (see photo). Heck, it less than defective, its flat out a hack. A picture saids a thousand words and I will never trust this vendor again. Notice the loose blade. It was barely even attached. I had to pull it out from the outlet, which put my family's safety in jeopardy. Not right. not at all. Good luck with this vendor.
1,Very disappointed. Tye belt clip broke off within a week. This thing is not worth the price at all.should be free.
1,not good
1,I have had this for a few weeks and it seem to charge fast for the first few days and now won't hold a charge hardly at all
1,Pros: For the price, it is good bargain and also came with 4 pieces. As far as durability that is yet to be seen. The screen is a little glary but with time it will adjust properly to visibility.	Cons: Perhaps its the holidays, but I ordered mine in early December and received them January 11th from Hong Kong. In other words, wait awhile.
1,Very cute case but a butterfly did pop off after a few weeks. The bottom part that protects the charging port broke off as well. Wish i didn't throw it away so I could take a picture to show what it looked like. I'm not careless with my phone either I usually only buy cases to accessorize my phone not because I need the added protection. Overall very disappointing in my purchase. I might try a different case that doesn't have any protruding objects on it and see if its a bit more durable.
1,Complete failure - does not work at all. Tried everything. I ordered three anticipating that this concept may not be reliable. All three DOA.
1,At first I thought the charger was broken because it didn't light up or charge my phone.  I then experienced that my car radio wasn't working.  I googled to find out why the car radio wasn't working and they said to check a fuse.  After changing the fuse I plugged the charger in and immediately blew the fuse again in my 2008 Honda Pilot.  I bought these for several cars but didn't want to try on another car and blow more fuses and spend more money to replace the fuse.  The seller did refund my money promptly.
1,Useless
1,I'm having trouble navigating my phone with this screen protector. I have to press harder than usual and sometimes the phone does not respond.
1,i ordered this screen for my phone because mine was badly cracked. i ordered it and then a week and a half later i get an email saying there was an error during shipping and that if i wanted them to send another one out it would take even longer so i just waited because i really needed it. i waited a month and never received it so i contacted them and they said they would send another out. a week later i received it but the frame on the screen was messed up. they said they would send me another one but i would have to wait another month to get it and so i waited. i ordered this screen probably in june and its august now and i still haven't gotten a good screen. im stuck using the messed up one i received.
1,buggy, works then dies.  I am on my third one (replaced twice by company)
1,I had trouble finding the size on this, but because it was described as being good for tailgating, I decided to take a chance. This is definitely child sized. It's tiny! It was insanely difficult to put together at first. The cover feels like it's just way too small for the frame, and it's pretty unsteady. I feel like you'd need a place where it really digs into the ground so it doesn't wobble so much, but even then I wouldn't call it comfortable.
1,Don't waste your time or money doesn't have cut out for front camera. Bubbles everywhere and the guide stickers ha what a joke.
1,Too thick!
1,Once I had cards inside, it wouldn't close.  It didn't hold my phone very well either.  Cute, but not very functional for me.
1,I used to love my old Zagg InvisibleSHIELD on the back of my 3GS. The invisibleshield material sticks so well to plastic, it's almost impossible to get it off (apart from the poorly-cut corner pieces, which do get dirt under them and lift up over time).	The problem with the invisibleshield/iPhone 4 combination is that the iPhone 4 isn't plastic.  This stuff does NOT stick to the oleophobically-coated glass (front or back).  It is incredibly easy to separate this film from the screen.  Those people that gave five star reviews - just wait a few more days (weeks if you're very lucky) and you'll see exactly what I mean...
1,I don't recommend these USB cables for data transfer. Only 1 of the 4 cables in this pack would make a data link with my Samsung Galaxy S4 cellphone.
1,I got this with a bent edge so I returned it. Was a ok product , protector didn't fill the screen to the edges so dirt would build up.
1,The unit indicates that it supports Quick Charge 2.0 output but no Quick Charge input. With that expectation in mind, I tested the unit.		I tested this device across multiple LG G4 and an LG G5 device using different charging cables. 2 different Micro USB and 3 different USB C cables were used (this included the USB C cable packaged with the unit). The Quick Charge 2.0 port did not activate the Fast Charge feature on my devices. The cables used to test were also used with other Quick Charge 2.0 charging devices and Fast Charge was activated. I'm not sure if my unit was defective or if it just doesn't actually use the official Quick Charge technology.		I'm not sure if the indicator lights		Overall, I'm disappointed that it was advertised as a QC 2.0 unit and that feature failed to work. That was the main feature that I was interested in when upgrading to this power brick. Since that failed, I didn't bother testing other features. I'm returning the device.
1,I am giving this 1 star because you are not allowed to give it 0 stars..... This thing stopped working after like 2 weeks of regular use.... my phone now charges sometimes and doesn't charge other times... SAVE YOUR MONEY AND BUY SOMETHING THAT WORKS!!!!!
1,<div id="video-block-R2XY17PSGMORTB" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91Jf9-yBl-S.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91sCL4iV6eS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;I previously purchased the Exogear Tablet S, with a suction cup dash mount, and I love it, but wanted something to sit a little lower in a second vehicle.  I was skeptical of the CD mounting concept, but given how happy I was with the dash mount version of the Tablet S, I gave Exogear the benefit of the doubt and ordered this CD mount version.  While I question the long term usability of the CD mount (I'm afraid the mount or my CD slot would break), the mount just isn't stable enough for my taste - there's way too much free movement up and down.  The CD slot mounting concept may be usable for something light, like a phone, but for tablets I just don't think it's up to the task.
1,Was never able to locate the correct product for the promo code provided so I was not able to order the product.
1,Not what I thought it was
1,Not very well built battery pack was bulging and would not sit on flat surface was not level but was meant to be returned it right after I opened it
1,I don't know if it works.  It is just metal lined envelops.  I don't know why all companies charge so much for them.  I wonder if any one who is an expert in cybersecurity can tell us if a foil will work or not.
1,Wrong item deliver
1,I am currently having the LG G4 boot loop on my phone, it started 9/17/2016. I bought the phone last year November, 2015. it is now useless, I can't use the phone at all now. This will now cause me to get really suspicious of all LG phones.
1,not very sticky really
1,I hate this thing; wish I could return it.  Phone constantly falls off; phone constantly doesn't connect & I wake up with no charge added whatsoever. Unless you are verryyyyyyyyyy careful when you place it on there, then push it back to make sure it connects, forget about it.  I do not recommend this to anyone. I'm guessing the flat ones would be better or a convertible one.  this standing one stinks.
1,I ordered an Astro Slim3 because it looked like it was slim enough to fit in the second slot in my phone belt case.  When I'm in the field I'm often away from convenient power sources, and the wimpy Razor M the company issued me doesn't hold a charge for very long.  Having a second battery with me at all times seemed like a good idea.  (Side note:  If you depend on your phone and work in the field, don't buy a phone that doesn't have a replaceable battery.)		What was delivered was an Astro II, which although higher capacity is too big to fit in the case.  I'm uncertain whether to return it or find some other way to carry it.		I was uncertain how to rate this, because the product delivered was arguably superior in capacity over the product I ordered.  But the product delivered did not meet my use case.
1,Didn't work to we'll for me
1,Hard to use. Kinda janky.
1,Bottom part keeps on sliding out when I pull my cell out of my back pocket...not practical at all. They should've made a whole one piece case.
1,I bought this one because I needed a case with a rubber exterior that can withstand some bumps and drops. The outer rubber part of the case frequently disconnects from the hard plastic part when I take the phone out of my pocket. The back flaps also come disconnected sometimes. When it is together it feels solid and rugged if it just wouldn't separate.
1,This kyocera Hydro Wave Case holds the phone securely and protects my phone. It prevents damage of my screen when i drop it. The camera hole is where it is suppse to be. The problem with this case though is that the slots for the volume control are on the wrong side of case. This makes it very difficult, pretty much impossible, to change the volume of the phone without removing the case.	Otherwise the quality of the case is durable. The design is as shown. It protects my phone from damage.	I know I wouldnt get another one though since the slots are on the wrong side. This was not designed correctly to fit my Kyocera phone. Im disappointed in it. I had expectations that the slots would be correctly placed.
1,These are the worse headsets I've ever had from creative the mic is horrible for gaming the blue tooth does not even sync properly in windows 7 had to use windows 8 upgraded the the most recent firmware still sucks. So I thought there is no way Creative would release such a bad product, went to exchange got a brand new one and still the same problem so I thought it was just a bad batch gave them one last chance went to another store and yup still the same god damn problem even with the new firmware the mic still sounds all echo. For gamers stay away from these headsets they are terrible the mic is useless. Oh one more thing this is a $250.00 headset and does not even come with a blue tooth adapter so make sure you buy one if you want it to be wireless for your pc.
1,LOST MY MONEY	They would enable Literally discriminate me for not knowing the level of English they understand I have to have to use the sim, so I was told and then they confirmed in the email they sent me. I never had this happen with any service in many countries I've been. After many calls paid by me and with the help of my wife is supposed to activate in 3 days and only worked for a few calls. No data.		Never worked, just as sim call and already had a cell for this, I could not connect the data or January 1 bite		The first was that I had to call several times at specific times and I was told to return the card because fluid could not speak English with them not that Europeans country. I put my little girl of 13 who is bilingual full and was told that it can not be smaller, we ask that because they need necessarily a credit card I they charged immediately 1 euro if and includes one month unlimited data with the cost shopping and just tell me step by me anything, and is unlimited.		And I could not make me active after the shop at Amazon. I made very many calls almost never answered me.	The next day my wife talk to them and they sent me an email, it is supposed to activate me three days later and had two days trying to activate me.	I RUN ONLY TO CALL WITH A SMALL BALANCE AND already had another phone to call.		This is part of the email I received discriminate me:	"THEREFORE if you are unable to speak to us Directly, about the issue with activating your SIM card, we would not be reliable to activate the service for you"		They never told any of this on Amazon.
1,this is a horrible design of a case/battery.  the case is tapered and very slick.  this makes the phone prone to being dropped and as it's not rubber, breakage.  i broke my phone the first day i installed this case.  then i dropped the phone the second day. back to lifeproof cases for me.
1,I ordered nano sim card which is supposed to fit my iPhone 5; after 5 days when it arrived, I found out it's the bigger one which fits only iPhone 4/4s. It doesn't fit my iPhone 5 at all, not even after I cut it. Also the pink instructions sent with the packaging is very misleading. It asked you to go to shopforprepaid to buy the refill wireless card minutes. After I followed all the instructions and made the purchase, I found out it's not for the sim card at all. I had to call them and cancel the order. This is a pure waste of my time.
1,The Name says it ALL !! GENERIC!!! YOU GET WHAT U PAY FOR! FOR SURE! :(
1,case was WAY to small for the phone,and did not feel secure while iin the case.
1,The cords take extra long to charge our phones
1,I returned it
1,They were all stuck together in the box. never used them
1,its not what I expected
1,it is short for HTC 10 , It doesn't cover the corners at all.
1,I didn't like this case it was a waste of money... The pink part was cheat and it starched my phone on the sides
1,It lasted for 2 months, that's it. Now I'm stuck with a  peice of junk!
1,I've owned virtually every Treo since Handspring sold the ingenious device to Palm and unfortunately the company and its executives have done nothing but milk every dollar they can for their bonuses and kill the franchise in the process. I really wanted to like this phone and tried every workaround. Unfortunately it goes back later today for many of the reasons Alfredo Gomez refers to. Other than a reasonably good form factor and hardware - which other companies have now caught up - Palm has made very few changes. DO NOT BELIEVE MOST MAGAZINE REVIEWS -- they are half done hack jobs by people who barely use the phone and write up their experience on specs and a day of usage. It's not the normal experience and I will explain.		1) Just not enough RAM -		If you are in any way using this phone as anything more than just pulling an email account and occasional surfing, this phone is not for you. In addition to Microsoft themselves recommending 64MB of RAM and the fact that EVERY PDA and phone for the past year and a half has at LEAST 64 MB of RAM, Palm foolishly decided to go with HALF that number -- the same 32 MB of RAM that was available to users in their Treo 600 released in 2002!!! This was greed. With Windows Mobile this even more of a problem because it was built to multitask -- keep your applications open in the background and called to the front on request. Opening and closing bulky applications is SLOW in Windows Mobile. With the 700w you get about 14MB of RAM to run applications before you put in the necessary minimal add ons, which will reduce your memory by at least 1-2 MB. But the real problem are memory leaks in WM 5 which will reduce that number even more. Add the fact that the 700w will QUIT applications when you get to the 5MB level, this will mean that your device will not multitask and you might have 2 apps open at the same time, maybe even 3 if they are not memory intensive. If you have open your email program and may have surfed using Pocket IE recently then opening your contact manager like PocketInformant will take you at least 5-10 seconds. You will hate that rotating colored ball. THIS CANNOT BE CHANGED as there are no RAM upgrades. I need to reset the phone at least once a day to clear the RAM.		2) SMS and Email problems: If you will use SMS or email frequently, this phone can make you pull your hair out. There is a bug (feature?) in SMS and PocketOutlook where scrolling down means the cursor goes to the bottom of the page view. Thus if you have a 14 line email or document you are editing, the only way to get to line 5 is to whip out that stylus or scrolling a few hundred characters to the right until you get there. Unfortunately the same goes for SMS which is NOT THREADED. This means that you can't see the ongoing conversation you may have with different people. It is by date, end of story. There aren't any suitable alternatives right now unfortunately. Nothing for SMS and the best email program I have seen is Web IS Flexmail which itself requires several keypresses just to delete an email -- unless once again you want to whip out that stylus. One handed operation is better than other WM devices but NOT EVEN CLOSE to the ease of using the Palm OS.		3. 240x240 screen is barely adequate if you use the web and infuriating with the limited number of apps that work with the 700w. On a whole it's better than I thought and not really a problem for most apps that use this resolution. Reading ebooks is a tad fuzzy but perfectly acceptable, even at smaller fonts. But squeeze that IE page into your tiny screen and the little fonts will be illegible. Want to view a power point for example? A word doc you received in email? With a 240x320 you see just enough to view a whole page and make it out. Not so with 240x240. It's just a little too coarse and you have to zoom everything. It's also a lot of info to cram into that tiny screen.		3) Windows Mobile has advantages and nice things about it but it is still NOT an optimal OS for mobile use. It is amazing that many tasks still require you to use a stylus or take an absurd number of keypresses. For example, if you want to simply save a number in your phone log you can just navigate and save. You must pull out the stylus, point and hold, and wait for save as to appear. Sure this isn't horrific but it becomes very noticeable when you do this regularly. If you ever used a Palm OS phone you will wish you could go back. Knowing Palm they will not improve the system in time and in a year or two Microsoft will FINALLY get this right.		WiFi is OK but very weak and almost useless with the external card. Bluetooth is adequate.		On the pros the battery life is reasonably good. Form factor is ok and the build quality is better than other phones like the xv6700. The screen clarity and contrast is also very good. As a phone it is acceptable.		So the end result is that unless you are a basic user that only wants to check an email account, doesn't get a lot of email, doesn't use SMS much, doesn't really use the PDA much, then this phone is not a solution for you. It will be nice to experience for the first 2 weeks and then you will begin to see the problems tear you apart soon after becoming familiar with the phone. It is sad that virtually all of these problems can be traced to Palm executives greed on trying to milk out just one more sale from an old phone that had a form factor that was the best for a long time. At this day and age consumers have a choice and need for more than just a phone that feels good in your hand. Don't be stupid. If Microsoft recommends that any application they provide needs 64 MB of RAM there is nobody stupid enough to even try to run it with less. That is the Palm Treo 700w.
1,Not what I expected. Doesn't look like the same color I ordered and buttons are hard to push
1,Had to give 2 stars because the phone itself is great, as far as I can tell anyway, I cannot talk about call quality or anything like that as it can only use it as a sort of 'mini-tablet' because when I placed the order i specifically ordered a VERIZON version and was sent the VIRGIN MOBILE version and VM doesn't work in the area in VT that I live :( I was and still am completely bummed as it was a gift and the person had already opened it and set it up with their email and info and stuff like text now ect- except for adding time/minutes and when going to add time/minutes to the phone found out they couldn't even use it. The phone could not even be switched to another provider not even sprint or straight talk as I called 4 different providers trying to troubleshoot,..(AT&T, Sprint, Verizon & Straight Talk) I specifically ordered the HTC Desire 626 NOT the 626s so when ordering MAKE SURE the seller sends you the exact one you order as they sell BOTH the 626 and 626s- because I was NOT able to get the right one sent to me and when I asked if i could trade it for the CORRECT one I was told the only thing they could do was give me amazon credit minus the $30+ i paid for expedited shipping...so I am out a little over $200. I have never had this issue before and if there was ever a miscommunication whether it was on my part or a sellers part the seller has always remedied the situation but NOT in this case. The phone is a very nice looking phone, fits the hand well, the camera doesnt take the greatest pictures and it only has one speaker BUT is still quite loud. Just make sure you get what you order and pay for when buying this phone
1,I highly do not recommend, doesnt even fit the moto 360, and even if you force it it's too stiff for the band to rotate,  wasted my time and money
1,The glass is thin and flimsy. But the real deal breaker was that it ended up not being pressed down to the glass all the way just like all the REAL REVIEWS point out. I wish I should have paid more attention when buying this. Ordered a slightly pricier replacement the same day this product failed on me in both attempts. Your phone deserves better than this.
1,I am really frustrated with trying to find a tempered glass screen protector for the Nokia Lumia 1520. This here is the third one I bought after the first one had a scratch in it, the second one had discolorization. But is one? It doesn't even cover the whole screen of the phone! This screen protector is too small and leaves an edge on the screen that consequently leads to the protector to come lose and disconnect from the screen. Also, this screen protector compromised the touch capacity of the phone. Sometimes it would not recognize touch at all, sometimes it would open a different, adhesiant tile. I had to take it off completely because it made the phone impossible to work with.	I am not very happy about this and I wonder if there is a screen protector out there that actually does what it's supposed to do.	I received to item at a discounted price in exchange for an HONEST review. This here is my honest review.
1,Didn't hold up long.
1,Cracked when I dropped it
1,broke after a month
1,Doesn't even cover the non edge part of the screen.  They are maybe 2.5 inches wide.  Not even close to fitting the S7  Edge
1,Lowest quality possible. Doesn't fit and it just felt weird, like holding a live squid.
1,broke
1,Connection to my auxiliary iPhone battery case is intermittent.  I wouldn't order these again.
1,Not happy.  I praised this product from here to high heaven for it's previous versions because it had protection for the USB and headphones.  This one doesn't.		I find it inadequate and won't recommend it in future.		IF I received wrong product please reconcile with me.  I had recommended your product hundreds of times for the secure nature of it.  The item is no longer one I'd recommend.		Thank you.
1,To small to cover the screen so it gets in the way of texting and makes the screen look weird.  I've loved my previous tech armor screens on the S5, but they need a better design for the S7.
1,I loved this charge cable, until it became too loose to charge my phone.  I've had it for maybe 2 weeks and now it's sitting in my cable grave yard. Do yourself a favor and buy yourself 10 cheap cables for the same price.  They might crap out after a few weeks, but at least you have another one to fill the void.  I expected more from Anker.  Guess I was wrong.
1,upon taking this out of the package and putting on my phone for the VERY FIRST TIME, 4 different clips on the cover broke off immediately. now the battery door doesnt attach at all. i should have known better, batteries i've bought from them in the past have done the same thing. will never purchase from this company again.
1,It sounded like a great deal with a built in plug and USB charging but unfortunately it stopped working..... :-(
1,i hate this. didn't last long for one month.
1,Not what i ordered at all. i ordered a camera phone and this one doesn't have one. This product is not good. I was not happy and ive been very busy to initiate a return process or replacement even if i can add money for another type.
1,The part where the little (eraser) is, is not to good. Broke easily and now I don't have any other to use for my phone or tablet.
1,Does what it's suppose to do, and that's protect the S4, BUT, the rubber started peeling off on the sides again.  This is the 2nd time it's happened with an Otterbox I've purchased.
1,Dropped my phone. The screen broke but this screen protector survived, so I guess it was effective?
1,ok fair
1,Great case for the price...EXCEPT...	I was expecting a clear plastic front protector, the picture is deceiving!!!!
1,It's as perfect as a product can be. If you follow	Directions it's so easy to apply. Once it's in place it doesn't move and my Blaze is protected	AFTER HAVING THIS ON MY FIT BIT WATCH, CHUNKS HAVE BROKEN OFF, ITS CRACKED IN SEVERAL PLACES.	ITS NOT THE GREAT PRODUCT I THOUGHT IT WAS.  VERY DISSAPOINTED
1,This case does not fit the phone very well. When I first installed it I noticed the touch screen was not responding well. I had to sometimes tap it two or three times. Upon further inspection, the screen protector does not rest against the screen. There is a gap. I have gotten used to that, but now I noticed that the gap allows dirt and debris inside the case. I have to remove it and clean both the screen and the screen protector every two or three weeks. I'm not sure if I just got a dud or if all are like this, but it stinks.
1,Didn't work with my Droid Turbo 2.
1,cheap junk! never again, not worth a penny! very disappointed.
1,UPDATE:  died completely after two months of light use. Waste of money. No Returns. Totally unreaponsive seller and manufacturer.		I needed a battery back up or extender to make it though the day when I am traveling and away from the charger. This lets me get through a full day. Since I only use it occasionally, the bulky nature of it and the ugliness of the back button can be overlooked.		You cannot take photos with this on your iphone. It might as well not have a camera cut out. The cut out isn't large enough and you will get heavy shadow lines (like looking through a door peephole) in all of your photos.		In the end, it works. But it is not something everyone would want to leave their phone in everyday. I use it when I need it. The rest of the time it stays in my bag.		I really like the fact that it uses the new lightning connector on both ends. That is, it charges by plugging the lightning connector into the bottom of the case. Thus, you don't need to travel with yet another charger. Also - at night - you can leave your phone in this and plug the charger into the case and charge both the case and your phone.		The button itself is very confusing to operate and the instructions are not useful at all. They were written by Google Translate and I cannot understand a word of them. I figured out that a long tap of the button is needed to initiate electricity flowing to the phone from the case. A shorter tap just tells you how much juice is left.
1,The Black Leather Belt Clip Holster Pouch Case Does NOT Hold an iPhone 5 in a OtterBox Case.	Very difficult to put in the case, and extremely difficult to remove from the case!
1,Coating over plastic is already peeling off. Item arrived and was as I perceived it to be. However it is looking somewhat shabby with the peeling of the covering. This case replaced my last identical case which lasted only a few months before the belt clip broke.
1,Purchased this case for my husband's phone. The "stand" was difficult to use as you basically have a thin slat you must place your nails to pull it out. If your nails are not long enough or tough enough it will take two tools. On top of that it broke after about a month because once pulled out from the flat encasement it becomes easily detached from the little track it's meant to slide. He holding clip was a waste. He used it a couple times before it fell off. The two stars it does receive are because it did protect the areas of the phone it covered. If you're interested in this case, it's best to only consider it's ability to protect the phone and nothing else.
1,Not good
1,So annoying. Basically doesn't work with a case. Has to be a specific position. Defeats the purpose of convenience coz u gotta sit there finding the right spot for the phone to charge
1,So far, best OnePlus 1 case out there.  Diztronic is a 4 star compared to this one.  It blows away the case from the OnePlus store, smokey white, that one is horrible!		UPDATE:  Back of case is peeling.  Cracking around the flash area.  Looks like crap.  Wish Otterbox made a case for my OPO.....
1,It doesn't fit the phone properly! I haven't read through all the other reviews yet. But I can't, for the life of me, understand why anyone would rate this phone case highly! It does not fit well! It is loose and the phone could actually fall out. I consider this a waste of money as I will now have to buy a proper fitting case.
1,It's like all other screen protectors, just thicker. Fits ok for what it is, just too thick for me. Difficult to clean the adhesive side if lint gets on it and causes a bubble. I'll go back to not using a screen protector and maybe order one of those flip cover/cases.
1,not what i was expecting .
1,Cheap
1,broke in a about a week
1,I just received this case today and was disappointed on how flimsy the case is....I like the thinness of the case, however, when I applied my phone, the bottom corners of the case created a crease as it bent while putting the phone in....I don't see this case offering any protection if I accidentally dropped the phone.
1,save your money not a good product
1,Not great.
1,melts
1,not so
1,Purchased for my Galaxy Note 7 and thought this would be awesome due to the curved screen on the Edge screen. Looked at the videos on youtube and was stoked.		Package arrived and the alcohol and coating wipes were dry as hell - I was scared I'd actually scratch my screen. Willing to try this again IF i can get the good stuff.
1,Hope this works better for others than it did for me.  It took me longer to get the phone perfectly positioned that it takes to charge the phone on a cable.  Never got a full charge using this receiver card.  Within a week or so, it was sent to the landfill.
1,I was so excited for this phone but.. It was good for 3 months it's slowly getting worst I've been having this problems saying when I go online "cannot connect to proxy server" now I've never had this with any other phone and it's upsetting me. I got this from Sprint and it's terrible this phone is messed up from the inside happiness for this phone dissapared.
1,cables seemed to work at first but then-nothing. I should know by now that you need to buy genuine Apple accessories
1,So disappointed.  This fit SO well and just like the other reviews popped off after a few days and is nowhere to be found.  I could have just have easily thrown $10 in the trash!
1,does not fit and hold the LG OPTIMUS L7 II DUAL P715 phone. would not recommend for LG OPTIMUS L7 II DUAL P715
1,Cant be use in Trinidad
1,IT WAS OKAY! DID NOT FIT MY TABLET
1,This headset works ok. I do have people that can tell I'm not on the normal phone. THe biggest problem is that it doesn't have enough volume to really be used in my car (which is a pretty quiet car). I will be shopping for another headset. The "bulk packaging" really leaves you feeling like your missing something as well. Finally, compared to earlier bluetooth headsets that I've had, this one is VERY limited on features. No mute that I can figure out, limited range (about 7 feet), and using flash requires a long hold on the same button that will hang up the phone.
1,The only problem is that it came with a crack already and the seller never said anything back to me. Probably never buying from it again. Also breaks very easily because it is wood. I thought it was going to be a little bit stronger than it actually is. But I do love the look of it and the design on the back. It started breaking by itself inside my bag! So if you are a woman or a man that leaves your phone inside your bag sometimes DONT BUY THIS! IT BREAKS VERY EASILY!
1,It's ok. Get's dirty and dull quick. Only used it for a week.
1,I work in construction and carry my phone on me at work. So I need good tough protection for my pricey phone. I am using one of these full coverage protectors WITH an Otterbox defender over it.		The cutouts are perfect for all the edges and openings so the fit is good. It is a bit difficult getting the edges properly wrapped and stuck down, but once you do, it covers well.		My problem is with the material. It is somewhat rubbery. I suppose that is good for protection, but this is also a problem. Not only does it have a ripply "orange peel" look to it, but its soft texture picks up "dents" in the material VERY easily.		The first time I put the phone in my pocket once for a few hours, When I took it out, the screen protector had picked up the denim weave pattern from my jeans!  UGG. So just a day after installation my screen was covered in denim weave indentations, and they didn't go away. Any hard object with leave permanent grooves, dents or marks. A week later I had the phone on my nightstand and somehow a dime got placed on the screen. Just the weight of a dime sitting on the screen, by morning, had left a permanent dime imprint on it, all but the small print is visible from it, the edges, and even the face...		So, just a few months later I have denim marks, a dime imprint, and various other dents and dings in the material and it looks horrible. I can only imagine what the rest of the phone would look like if it wasn't covered by the Otterbox.
1,If you wear glasses most of the time like I do, this headset will not be comfortable for you. In fact, I couldn't keep it on without constantly adjusting it. So the sound was not good. I sent it back for a Sony over-the-head headset.
1,the phone i bought is not able to conect in Costa rica.	so it is totally useless for me.	it is unlocked Gsm but not working here.
1,Not whai I expected. only holds a few credit cards.
1,Read the previous reviews on the case, and the issues with it not charging. I didn't even bother to try my luck. Sent it right back for a refund.
1,Not even one year with the phone and now I am starting to have battery issues. Running stock Android 7.1.2 with no physical or water damage and the phone would unexpectedly shut down on its' own regardless of remaining battery life. Occasionally the phone can be turned back on with a loss of 20-30% battery or it needs to be plugged back into an outlet to jump-start the device back up.		Attached is a screenshot of the last time it randomly shut down. The graph shows a huge dip down to 0% when the shut down happened.
1,Lasted 4 months, totally destroyed.  Entire outer plastic case shattered.  Disappointed, will try another brand,
1,Lasted about a week before it broke.
1,very bad product, its fatal not on not nothing
1,battery does not charge well.
1,I've owned this for a probably about a few months.  The unit is noisy (tells you battery level every time the car is turned on, tells you when its done charging) and the noise it makes when you turn it on and off is a high pitch squeak.	But the main thing is how does it allow you to talk.  And frankly, its poor at best.  People can't hear me and when I turn it off people can hear me quite well. I have a galaxy S7. And then when I turn it off it makes that high pitch noise and people on the end have said that it was loud and annoying.	You can buy a better product than this one.
1,The magnets do work at first when you put them on but that means you might wanna leave them on forever. The double sided tape provided is very small and hard to apply so you end up using at least 2 or 3 of the 5 provided the first time. The magnets are actually meant to be taped onto the device which leaves residue afterwards. If you do take of the magnet part that sticks to your phone, the bottom piece falls so you would need glue to piece the magnet back together which is disappointing. The directions are very vague and hard to understand, even with the pictures. My advice to you: don't waste your money....
1,First I contact with seller 'cause they didn't send what they show in the picture. They replace it soon.	I try to use it at home and it have very low quality. The handle is not plastic and it may can be broke soon.
1,Light is nice but the USB end bends easily and the charging rate is very slow.
1,It was very difficult to install and I ended up throwing it away after several attempts to install.
1,I have these skins on other cells I have used, no problems. I get 2 skins for the iphone 4 and despite proper application (I've done this before obviously) the peeled up. After finally getting someone from Skinomi to respond and 4 days of waiting and pics and more waiting they resend the product (lifetime warranty). Well, AGAIN after proper application both skins AGAIN peel off both phones and I've HAD IT! Never again will I purchase this product. And I know if I complain again it will be the same routine. I'd rather a refund than to have to rinse and repeat. Until I get one. This rating stays a 1 star due to shoddy customer service this last time. Mind you my first review (with other cell skins was a 5 and guess what, they are still ON the phones with no problems! Just their iphone skins suck).
1,Invest in a decent wireless charger.  If you buy this, you're just gonna have a bad impression of wireless charging. It's slow and hard to line up the phone on.
1,First time buying a tempered glass screen protector that doesn't fit almost over the entire screen. My screen is still very vulnerable as the edges all around are out. This item will not efficiently serve its purpose; therefore, I will be replacing it.
1,Not correct size
1,not what I expected.
1,We bought this for my husband's phone & were disappointed from the start.  It's very poor quality & the case wouldn't even stay closed so we imediate lyrics had to go buy another new case.  I would definitely not buy this product again!
1,Waste Product..!! please don't buy it. It stopped working after 3 months.
1,bad
1,Do not like this case. It's too thick (almost making the phone thickness twice as thick). Doesn't fit the S7 Edge very well either because it partially blocks part of the screen so you can't really touch the curve edges that well.
1,Is not what I thought it would be like, but I guess that is my fault for buying the cheap version of something I wanted to try...	for the product itself is very hard to put the phone in or take it out it almost feels like is gonna break every time, and then it does not cover entirely the area of your eyes so you get light in, and you can see out on the sides of the lenses...	Well if you want to experience Virtual Reality games like I did.... don't buy this cheap version, is not worth it.		Thank you
1,Cute the signal in half barely getting1 bar with case on.
1,Have not received these items!!!
1,it is unclear and freezes
1,Doesn't even fit phone screen.  Extremely disappointed.
1,The white cover breaks on these super easily
1,Had to return. Snap came off after one day of use.
1,It lasted for one trip.
1,Old order
1,Broke within a week! What a waste!
1,Received the new modified bumper trim due to the original charging cutout not being big enough for the factory charger fitting. Only complaint now is the new cutout has square corners and wider than the case trim causing a rough feel at the bottom. I'll probably look for a new case soon.
1,Update: Purchased this last summer for a trip and have used it here and there in between. Tried to use it last weekend, but it began making a hissing noise and now it does not even charge. Would not recommend the product; others are reporting this, too.		Old Post: Takes quite a while to charge, but works as intended.
1,was not easy to apply.  if you pressed to hard it rippled
1,This product description is deceptive; it is not universal and will not fit the Samsung Note 7.
1,Middle of the road review.  Has it's positives, but more negatives.		Positives:	Will charge the phone fully but not twice as the 4200 MAH suggests.  I'd say 1.3 times realistically.	Kickstand is awesome.  Love that.	Locks together solid.	Additional USB port is good to charge another small device as well. (friend's phone for example)		Negatives:	Bulky	Plasticy and will crack if dropped	Does not cover screen (protective lip)	Little too large, although I can hide a credit card in my case, in case of emergency)	Unit gets frighteningly hot when charging.		This unit works as advertised... you get what you pay for I guess.  I'm looking for a different one now.. I can't use this full time.
1,I hate them. They don't stick and have many air bubbles that can't be removed.
1,poor product
1,What i received was broken. Would not request again.
1,I have purchased many Lifeproof cases over the years. This one is a fake. It looks legit but there is no serial number in the case, which means it's a knockoff. I called lifeproof and they confirmed that the missing white label containing a serial number is a dead giveaway. Please check and make sure you're receiving a legitimate product.
1,You get what you pay for. Not nearly the power of the 20000 mAh Anker Quick Charger that I bought later. I wonder why this one is so heavy. I was tempted to open it up to see what's inside (scrap metal?)
1,My case came broke with the perfume top off. So I did even use it .. waste of money.
1,Broked
1,bought this as a gift and it broke within 1 month of use
1,My unit never worked - Didn't even bother to contact the vender since they were so far away.  The wireless didn't work EVER!  Neither tdid the battery storage last longer than 1 month.  I never got a full charge from either.  Right now it sits as a paper weight in my hallway, and has been there for over 1 year now.  This was a complete waste of time and money, and I wanted this one to work sooooo badly too.  So sad.
1,A bit quirky but all in all a good phone so far for the money.	First text stopped working then went black... Total wast of money..
1,Literally broke the first time I used it. Full of promise but worthless because it is made cheaply with cheap materials. Have some pride in your product.
1,It does not match with the descriptions. There is no 512 MB RAM on the phone and it is a Chinese brand. I can barely download 5 apps on the phone itself. I have to buy a new memory card..
1,Item is a piece of dung.  Cheap plastic.  The ringer switch didn't work.  Cheaply made so was not surprised.  This item was so inferior to the one I got for my iPhone 4.  Not worth it.
1,OK. ONe came apart but was still able to use.
1,Shows marks and scratches easy.
1,-Poor sound through the rear speaker, and head -speaker...you'll have a hard time hearing.	-Poor microphone...people have a hard time hearing you.	-Poor touch screen sensitivity... I had to keep powering on the phone for it to sense touch, which is very annoying to say the least.	-Proximity sensor will not work with this case.	-Fit is OK...But, power button was hard to press.	-I tested this with an old GS4 phone by holding it under water 3" deep for a few minutes.  Water got into the case and inside the old phone....NOT WATERPROOF!	-The case floats on water...that's about the only good thing.		***Warning***	If you buy this don't expect it to protect your phone from water intrusion.
1,It doesn't charge.  It is too long and made from cheap wire. Not suitable for a standard USB chargers. DO NOT BUY! The electrical resistant on the wire is too high. They should make it with a different wire gauge. Good idea bad execution!
1,It don't stick. you can't c it good in the house or outside in the light even if the light is turned all the way up.
1,The phone I received was in great physical condition but the touchscreen completely did not work on it.  Had to return and buy elsewhere locally due to time sensitivity.  Things like this need to be quality checked on a "refurbished" device.
1,I agree with all the other reviewers here.  This was a waste of money.  After installing it on my phone, there was no change in the service.  There's a dead zone that almost drops our calls when we go through there.  Well, having the antenna booster on my phone didn't change that.
1,I'm very disappointed in this product. I first off want to say that i love matte screen protectors, i always get them for my 10+ devices that include both tablets, phones, and even a few ipods, all over the past 6-7 years. I am completely used to the degradation in clarity due to matte screen protectors. I've had cheap $3 matte screen protectors as well as $25 matte screen protectors. That being said i am very disappointed in this product. It applied nicely, and the included spray was helpful and evaporated quickly leaving no wet mess everywhere. But thats all the good things i have to say about this product. I viewed videos as well as reviews for the skinomi matteskin line and alot of people said they liked it, so i decided to pick up the kit for my brand new asus zenwatch 2. I applied the screen protector within minutes of opening up my watch. im very OCD about my screen protectors, ill spend at least half an hour making sure things are lined up perfect and no dust or debris is trapped underneath so the speed at which i was able to apply this screen protector due to the wet application was pretty nice. it looked good, the matte effect was nice, the glare was dramatically cut which is why i choose matte screen protectors, and the cut of the screen protector wasn't too exact to the glass but it was decent enough. I then turned on the watch and it was downhill from there. the clarity was abysmal compared to other screen protectors ive had. I think this is due to the fact that these are not hard plastic screen protectors like im used to, instead they're a sort of flexible and stretchy material. I can make excuses for the product and i can understand why it is the way it is, but the clarity was so bad that i honestly took it off and threw it out the window as i was driving. The screen just turned completely hazy, i don't wear glasses but i can imagine that the appearance of the watch with this screen protector on would be equal to what people with very bad eye sight see when they're missing their glasses. I tried applying another one and letting it sit over night thinking that maybe it was the liquid that was making it hazy, but im quite certain now that it is in fact the screen protector itself. Overall i very much do not like this product, I am disappointed that i probably will not find a matte screen protector for my watch as skinomi was probably my only hope and i was let down. I cannot recommend this product at all, heck, if someone were to read this review and think "ah this guy doesnt know what hes talking about, he doesnt know matte screen protectors that well, he should have known the quality would degrade due to the matte effect coating", well i can tell you that you're wrong, ive owned so many different branded matte screen protectors at different price points for different kinds of devices and i have to say that the skinomi matteskin probably degraded the quality by maybe double or even triple than other ones ive used. Id say stay away and just get a clear one from skinomi or just run the watch naked, which im personally doing.
1,Seriously, terminally trashy. The kind of thing you see them trying to get rid of in a box near the check-out at cheesy discount stores (but if you're patient, in a week or so, you can root them out of the dumpster for free). Embarrassing.
1,Love the color and feel of the case, however, no one can ever hear me talking when the case is on. They could hear me just fine before the case and when I take it off they can hear me, everyone always complains when I have the case on. Even when using the speaker phone people complain that I am giving them a headache when they are trying to talk, I take the case off and it is just fine. I have no problems when there is no case nor when using other cases; only this case. Also the case likes to not stay up on the bottom left corner of my phone. I constantly try to push it up a smudge and it will not move to where it needs to go. If my phone falls, this case will not protect that baby open area.
1,Horrible high pitch sound when trying to play music
1,My note ran into this issue after a year of use too, in early 2013. I've since then been using an external charger with extra replacement batteries. A decent phone in general. But this charging issue really severely damages the device' resale value. I can't sell it at a reasonable price while explaining to the buyer its flimsy charging scheme. BTW, mine does charge sometimes, just very slowly and connection is very unstable. I had to resort to else.		Cannot believe Samsung put into this phone everything of decent quality but couldn't get a charging port right. And it started to happen conveniently after the phone's one year warranty. For that, I hate this company guts.
1,not a quality case
1,'I hate my treo' is a daily term I tend to say...often out loud in frustration.  I try to put in a simple calendar reminder...it crawls, or freezes.  I usually have the reset the phone once a day after it crashes.  The memory allocation is terrible.  Sometimes, just making a simple call is the hardest thing to do.  I hope I don't have to dial 911 with it...I fear it may take me a good minute for it to dial as I wait for this junk to catch up with itself.		It reminds me of carrying around an old PC that slowly chugs.		What a waste of a phone.  My guess - this is totally a windows problem.  But then again, Palm is the one who decide to give this thing so little open memory to work with.  Probably why is crashes so much.		If you can get the features this phone has, but do they right - go for it.  Otherwise, this is a crappy phone that can hardly make a call, can't take a decent picture, perform simple PDA tasks at a snails pace.		I hate my treo.  I really do.  And it's been almost 2 years.  Good riddance.
1,Flimsy
1,only worked if fully charged and used right away if it was in your purse it lost charge before you needed it
1,Clip lasted about 3 months. Was getting out of my vehicle and clip was no more.
1,This case for Samsung Galaxy black in color started breaking apart within two days of my using it, The leather was good, but the part that was holding the phone broke apart and I had to throw it away within two weeks I bought it. I bought a similar one, but brown in color from the same Thousand Eight (TM), this brown one is good and strong, but the black one is not.
1,The text messaging conversion to voice messaging does not seem to work. Otherwise, the bluetooth earpiece operates as expected. I am thinking about returning the product to Amazon but have not gotten around to do so.
1,Let me first start off that I've been with the iPhone since its inception, and in that time I've been through literally dozens of brands from Incase, OtterBox, etc., to even Lifeproof cases. I chose the Element Case Solace because when I saw my buddy have on his iPhone it looked VERY sexy and most of all I loved the sleekness of the case. Obviously it was much more expensive than your 95% of the cases out there, but i thought it was possibly the material was sturdier so it would justify the price.		WRONG!!		I've only had it for a little over a month, and one particular day I accidentally bumped it off a dinner table and it hit the kitchen floor.  When I picked it up, it had a clean break near the corner of the case. ABSOLUTELY WORTHLESS now, $80 down the drain. I've even tried to salvage with super glue, gorilla glue, and in desperation, freaking epoxy; and every time it NEVER holds.		I know many of you, like myself, "baby" our phones; don't put keys with it in our pockets, handle it carefully while standing up, etc. but accidents WILL happen, and you would like your case to at least survive on more than one accident or fall. Isn't that why we bought a case in the first place! I have never been let down this badly on paying for a iPhone case ever. I might as well go back to the LifeProof case; its the same price and I KNOW I can torture it!		Fail on you Element! I gave it two stars because admittedly, when it was intact, I got a lot of ooohs and aahs from friends and family, but after one drop, now I gotta go back and tell them not to get it!		If you're reading this now, and you're still convinced you still want to buy it, BUYER BEWARE, because it is a $80 fragile case. Sheesh.
1,Junk.  Cracked.  Dots all over.
1,took my new phone gently out of its new screen to put plastic on immediately....no go bubbles would not come out....	ok take 2.... they didn't put the film to be removed on this one...WTF!!!		Take 3.... inside of liner (inside) already has something stuck to it before I even try...WTf		garbage garbage garbage.... seriously.....zero QA  :P
1,Great except the holster. The holster has a kickstand BUT you can't put the phone in face forward!  STUPID! Also deceptive showing water in the photos. ABSOLUTELY NO WATER PROTECTION, EVEN IN THE DESCRIPTION!  Also, the belt clip is or eeak quality. Other than that, the case is indeed fantastic. I've had mine for months with no problems but buying a replacement because of the afore mentioned shortcomings. Wish I'd saved my money. Getting the otter or the second listed.  I also switched from a sticker screen protection that eventually had tons of hairline scratches to one of those glass ones. No bubbles and no scratches forming. Also, don't skimp on charging cables. Pay the extra $3 and get a cable that can handle the amps and charge faster and last longer. Make sure your wall adapter is at least 2 mah.  See my other reviews of the cables.
1,OtterBox iPhone 6 Plus Case - OtterBox Defender Series, Retail Packaging - GLACIER (WHITE/GUNMETAL GREY) (5.5 inch)		I have had Otterbox Defenders on my iPhones since the 4. I like to trade in my phones after two years and want them to be as pristine as can be and those Defenders did their job very well. Now I have an iPhone 6+ and was disappointed that unlike my 5 the Defender was not ready to go on day one. I was also disheartened to learn that the 6+ Defender was going to cost seventy dollars? Thats twenty more than the regular Defender for the 6 or 5 or 4. Most Defenders come out at about the fifty dollar price point so Otterbox must be using gold infused silicon to make up the twenty dollar difference for what is essentially an extra ounce or two of plastic. Seems exorbitant to me. Luckily the price is dropping and Amazon had the Glacier color for thirty seven dollars, a much more reasonable price. My iPhone in the case weighs just under 10 ounces. But what really gets me is the size. It makes the 6+ huge! Oxymoronic, I know, but there is a tunnel leading to the speaker at the bottom, a tunnel. I know you can drop the iPhone from staggering heights and it will survive but my iPhone 5 was intentionally thrown across a room with a hard floor and no damage. That Defender was darn near svelte compared to this one and was very very protective.		This version is curvier and I think thats why there is extra bulk. The covers on the ports are all curved and make for deep pockets to get through. Though I see that just about any connector will get access to the headphone jack and thats a good thing. Another improvement I can see from my 5 series is how the belt clip latches to the case. The old way was to latch through the silicone to the plastic, which wound up wearing out the silicone and Otterbox replaced a skin for me that became ugly. Now there is a notch in the silicon letting the snap pass right over the silicone and latch into the hard plastic. That should make for a cleaner and long term good looking edge.		I have a lot of problems with this new case and don't think Im going to keep it. That will be the first Defender I didn't love and keep. First up, and many have said this, the screen protector is a nightmare. It rests above the screen and absolutely kills sensitivity of the screen and Ive been making more mistakes since I put on the case. An easy example is; start the Facebook app and try to quickly scroll down the list of posts. You can see the screen stop even as you are swiping on the screen. There is no contact to give the command. Typing is a pain and leaves way too much for Auto-Correct to handle.  There is also much more reflectivity and finger print smearing then the naked screen or when I had a glass shield on it. I had to remove the glass to fit the Defender. In a somewhat related problem, there is a double cover over the home button which doesnt let you feel the feedback of clicking the button. Also the area seems to especially like to attract air bubbles. So the button looks weird. Amazingly it can read my fingerprint just fine, so thats good.		All three buttons are covered with button bumps on the main silicone body. The silicone is much stiffer than the 5 series I had previously. That makes for a very difficult button press. Ive tried a number of cases lately this is one of the worst for tactile feeling of the buttons, even compared to a previous Defender. Another fit and finish issue is the hard plastic shell. On my other Defenders the hard shell snaps tight around the iPhone then you slip the silicone around to complete the protection. That included the Defender 5 which was available before I had my iPhone 5. This 6+ version snaps shut but seems springy. You can squeeze the shell and see the latches move. This is a very poor fit, the silicone keeps it all together but very poor fit and finish. Someone fell down on the QA job for sure.		Sigh, I've read about one fix which is to carefully punch out the screen and clean the glue residue and install my glass shield back. Yes but that doesnt fix the stiff side buttons and the excessive size/protection ratio (I never felt the 5 series was all that big). Nope I don't think Im keeping this one and cant recommend it, either. Maybe Ill revisit Otterbox when a revision B or C comes down the road, this one is a turkey.
1,Wasn't what i expected. Its a bit bulk and the phone slides out a little too easily. The case protection of the part that goes on the actual phone is almost non existent. It's tucked in the corner of my drawer as we speak.
1,Initial thoughts:		First, the instruction manual tells you to go online to watch a video. It took over an hour to install this correctly, even though I watched the video at least 4 times to ensure I was doing it correctly. It's installed with a spray, and aligning the film perfectly is an absolute frustration as the film constantly slides around as you use the squeege to remove bubbles.		The corners and edge of the screen protector CONSTANTLY unstick. If you don't align the edges to absoulte perfection, the screen protector will fall off as you swipe your finger from the top or bottom of the watch. Hopefully it will get better as time passes, and the adhesive binds to the surface of the display.		Regardless of the actual performance (which wasn't too bad), the installation process was a pain in the rear end. Save your time.
1,The volume button is very bad. The case is not so well adjusted; one of the corners has excess rubber sticking out, which is uncomfortable. I think it might just be this particular case. If I got a new one, I would be satisfied.
1,I have a Samsung Galaxy S6 and a Motorola Droid Maxx which both have wireless charging capability.  The Yootech Qi Wireless Charger Charging Pad is poorly engineered device and a worthless piece of crap!  I messed with this little piece of plastic with no power supply for 20 minutes trying to position the phones (1 at a time) to line up so that the charging indicator light turns on!  What a waste of time!  Getting that indicator light reminds me of that stupid electical game "Operation" back in the early 70's!  If get lucky and you happen to get the charging light on, lift your finger or, breathe hard .. the light will go off!  If you love frustration, you will absolutely love the Yootech Qi Wireless Charger Charging Pad!  For me, the Yootech Qi Wireless Charger Charging Pad is only good for a small overpriced mini Frisbee for my dog to chew on!  It doesn't even make a cool coaster!  I returned this piece of plastic and I was promptly refunded.  THANK GOD!  I really think that this device shouldn't be sold because it simply doesn't work!  I am currently using an Itian wireless charger (from Amazon)  that costs about $15 more, has 3 coils instead of 1, doubles as a cell phone desk stand, includes the power supply and works fantastic without fiddling around!  Don't waste your time and money on this!  Pay more and get something that works! I included a photo of the iTian..
1,Ordered for a Samsung Galaxy  S4 ACTIVE  and after waiting two weeks for delivery it did not fit.  I ended up trashing the case.  I would really like one that fits my phone as ordered.
1,Obviously a counterfeit...
1,Ok, doesn't work with the case on the phone. Have to take the phone out of the case to charge it.
1,Didn't work. Lens was blurry and wouldn't focus.
1,These batteries do not work in my phone.  I charge them.  It says fully charge but when I put it in the phone, the next thing I see is plug your charger in.  Wasted my money.
1,I bought this thinking it would be something that I can use. No.		For some reason, my first review was deleted, so here is my second one, until it sticks.		- I had the phone without protection for about a month. No issues whatesoever, but I wanted more grip, and some protection.	- This fits ok. But it's slipperier than the OEM casing, and OEM casing is slippery.	- Within 3 hours, when I had it holstered, as I was getting out of the car, it flung out of the case, and dismantled itself onto the concrete ground. Of course, I have multiple dings on the bezel, as well as a hard crack on their GORILLA GLASS 3! Absolutely no protection, whatsoever.	- Sticker on the soft material WILL NOT come out.	- Did I mention, it broke my phone?		Overall, utter mis-representation of the product, and I don't think this is a product for you if you want to keep your phone intact. The two cases don't stick together that well, and it will just fling out. And since the case is hard plastic, the case will separate from your phone, and your phone will hit the ground harder than it should from being flung out of the plastic case, resulting in broken GORILLA GLASS 3 screen for Droid Turbo.		I'd give negative points, but I can't.
1,Makes the phone a lot thicker than I thought, and snugs up to the screen so its difficult touching the edges, bit annoying, plus, in the pictures it should show it in the black model, because it looks totally different in a black version of the phone, not very happy with it, but gonna keep using it until I buy a different one, also makes the phone very heavy..
1,Replacing old samsung flip phone.  Better reception and battery time, although the battery is about the same size.  It does not have outside volumn switch.  It is exactly 2x4" and fits into the belt case I have.	edit since june 2015 and about half a year later:  growing dissatisfied with this phone.  Having reception quality problem (having to hang up).  The included battery life is getting short.  Also I need different alarms for each day of the week and weekends, but not on this phone.
1,My daughter has a better case
1,I bought two of these, one is for my office phone that admittingly resides on my desk. It went on easy no bubbles and I think it will serve that phone well [new iphone 5se] for this application I give it 5stars. Now a different story for my wifes Christmas gift I gave her today [also a new iphone 5se] she got it at 9 a.m. and I had the case and this protector properly applied shortly after that. At 3:30 pm she put it in and out of her coat, pants pocket a bunch of times running the kids to the sled hill while she sat in the car messing with the phone. I asked her for it to set up a few apps and guess what it was already peeling off in two spots. Now she has a reputation for being hard on anything-tech especially phones but REALLY 6 hours and it was already peeling off??!! [wtf] So I kinda reamed he out and she claimed she was not being abusive. Time will tell how much better in a real world application this is vs. traditional static-stick protectors which btw I hate. At this point overall 5 stars on my phone that sits static on my desk [no real wear] and 1 star after 6hours of 'normal' use... we will see, not looking too goo though. :(
1,This was a waste of money, the rubber is not very strong and it became lose within the first two weeks of me utilizing the case
1,Really easy and intuitive to put on, which was great. It shattered on an 8 inch drop from my hands onto wooden floor (with a tech21 case on), which wasn't so great. It lasted me 2 days, which isn't even worth the $8 I spent on it.
1,Product was smaller than screen by almost a millimeter all the way around.  Screen is high gloss and thicker than most screen protectors so it was difficult to install "bubble free" as advertised.  If it hadn't been a penny, I would have returned the item.  Certainly not worth the shipping expense.
1,I had the HTC One X from AT&T and it was OK at first. Then after 2 months HELL NO! The phone got very slow and did not run apps good.		 The battery sucked. It didn't last all day. Oh sorry it didn't last part of a day. You couldn't put another battery in it.		 I got my HTC. One X from AT&T. I got the  refurbished 16GB one. When I got it I opened it up and it only had a little over 2GB available.		 The phone lags, its slow, and HTC dose not update it. Its only on Androids 4.0 ics. The only reason I gave it 2 stare is I had is for months and I didn't know as much about smart phones as I do now. Do not get this phone it isn't a good.
1,Too much vibration
1,Worked for two days then went out.  CHEAP!
1,Battery for the Galaxy S#, 4G doesn't fit in this charger. Cost of charges less than return postage. Put in garage sale misc. box.
1,Very cheap material.
1,I was not a fan of this case. You could barley hear anyone and they could barley here you. You don't have to take the case off to charge it thoughtl. And it was durable. I think it also made my my phone bulky.
1,Big fan of Ballistic cases. This one just didn't cut it for the Edge. No real reasons why, just wasn't happy with it.
1,Purchased two of these phones one in black the other in pink.  Have now had to return both of them for not working correctly.  Don't waste your time with these.  The ones we received were crap.  Black one - center arrow buttons would not work correctly.  Pink one - tried to make a phone call and they could hear me I could not hear them, it would not make phone calls correctly.  And the battery seemed like it did not fit right and the back cover would not lock down right.
1,Horrible. Absolutely horrible. This phone is such a waste of money.
1,the phone wored fine for 4 months then it started to fall apart electronecly
1,I don't care what company you order from they mostly come in same plastic container. I just ordered 2 in a row that were bad lcd problems. And its not me i do about 10-15 screen repairs a week so im no rookie. They can say triple quality checked all they went but its a lie. If they did check before shipping this wouldnt happen. The first one i ordered from group vertical had lines going thru the lcd. So i ordered another but this time from replacement accessory. It has a big bright spot on top left. Im writing this review so i can save others from the trouble im going thru. Save yourself the trouble and go with a reputable company who actually cares about the screens they ship to you. Im done buying this crap.
1,The color wasn't anything like the picture on the screen, the clear part is a very dark dirty gray which feels like super cheap material.
1,Yeah I thought it would be better than the one I got for my HTC One M7 but for some reason it put two small like dents into the back of the phone.. there is nothing sticking out from the inside back of the case. Probably would go with a different case..
1,Not good Quality :(
1,I would not reccomend this to anyone with class. I should have known better and simply visited a local store in mail.  Waste of money.
1,Very easy to apply but not too protective. It is cracked already with no abuse or dropping.
1,Its plastic with a horrible color of fake gold. Waste of money
1,The first day i used it the right earphone had interferance and the sound quality was awful. Turned it off and unpaired it and still didn't work. I will definitely be asking for a total refund.
1,The screen protector does not curve to fit the design of the edge
1,Won't hold a charge. I've tryd several times and still won't charge. Idk if it's the actual power bank or the cord. But very disappointed
1,When I ordered this there weren't all the pics as there are now. It's 'soft' bumper, not really a 'case'. "UV coated hard polycarbonate frame"??? it's floppy, flimsy, and flexible.  Not silicone-flexible but def. not 'hard'.  It does a 'bumper' job, the cutouts are fine. But def. not a recommend from me and prob. will bypass any other 'cases' from this company. There's prob. a similar bumper this floppy for less than half this cost. ...next.
1,wowww[...] ordered jan 20,13 today is feb 08,13 and still nothing. i cant say its worth anything more than 1 star cause i cant rate what i don't have....very disappointed, i guess you get what you pay for huh, imagine that !!!
1,I bought the white/blue version of this case.		The edges of this case is plastic. The aluminium portion (back) hardly feels like an aluminum but feels like plastic as well.		What I like most about this case is its slightly protruding edges which protect the screen when dropped. It is a very subtle but important design feature I really liked. I also liked the fact that the case does not interfere with the cable inserts. So you can use any size after-market lightning cable you choose (not just Apple cables).		Pros:	1)Edges protrude slightly to protect the screen.	2)Overall average to high quality materials that feels good to the touch.	3)Doesn't interfere with various lightning cable connectors.		Cons:	1)The aluminum portion (back) still feels like a plastic to me.		IMPORTANT UPDATE: I dropped my iPhone yesterday (about 4 feet drop) and the screen shattered despite wearing this case. The edges of this case protrudes slightly to protect the screen from such drops. Unfortunately, it failed to protect my screen. I will no longer be using this case and I can no longer recommend this case. I had to pay $150 to get my screen replaced.
1,Blackberry Screen Protector / B0014Z1B80		I have a Blackberry 8310 (which can be found in the "Options" --> "About" menus), which supposedly is what this screen protector is designed to fit. And, indeed, the screen protector is perfectly shaped to fit on the screen from just above the roller ball, all the way up to the silver speaker above the "BlackBerry" logo.		But here's the thing: This product has shown me that my Blackberry screen is not perfectly flat. Run your fingers over your 8310 and if you have the same model as me, you'll see what I mean - the black area with the "BlackBerry" logo is gently rounded into a "bump" shape.		So it really doesn't matter that the protector went on cleanly for me, or that the second pull tab worked fine and didn't leave a sticky residue, or that the shape of the protector is perfect. It doesn't matter because no matter how careful you are to push all the air bubbles out, they will creep steadily back in in the niche between the "BlackBerry" bump and the actual screen. And this lateral air bubble ends up taking up a fair whack of screen real estate, unless you press it out every single time you want to use your phone.		*However*, all that said: This package came with three screen protectors, so after going through the first two with the same results, I trimmed the third one so that it cuts offs instantly before the "BlackBerry" bump. And now the screen protector works perfectly - flat, no air bubbles, no sticky mess, and good protection from scratches, fingerprints, and the mild rough handling it receives in my purse.		So I guess I recommend these for the price... if you're willing to modify them yourself... and if you can cut a clean, straight line. I'm just extremely annoyed that the people who produce this product couldn't figure this out and pre-cut it FOR me. Or, you know, create a screen protector that could handle a slight bump without creating a permanent air bubble. But, for the price, I guess you get what you pay for.		~ Ana Mardoll
1,If I could write 0 stars I would. First gripe the headphone jack opening is too small for most 3.5 'm Jack's to fit. Next the outer bumper snaps (breaks) in half in less than 6 months on 2 different cases I bought. Then when I try to get a return on my purchase for being cheap defective crap they are the first third party seller in my 1000+ purchase history to deny my refund horrible customer loyalty and service do not waste your money with them.
1,Big heavy and bulky. And plain Jane on the back. I thought I was a cover but Its a flip case. I've never used it. Probably never will. Really should get a refund....
1,Did not feel secure to hold my phone, tested moving around on carpet and the phone fell out. With no added protection around the phone this could be a disaster. Sending this back.
1,Worse striker ever and worse seller ever
1,Waste of material, better off with no protector
1,Re-posting this review, after it mysteriously was removed from my account.  Happily I saved it prior to posting.	-----	Unfortunately, after having much success with Plantronics products over the years, it would seem that the quality control, customer service and ethics of Plantronics have started to go downhill rather quickly.  I could write several chapters about my recent ordeal.  I'll keep it short.  A few months ago, a friend purchased for me the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Voyager-5200-UC/dp/B01GH5WW7U/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Voyager 5200-UC</a>&nbsp;on Amazon. (Fulfilled by Amazon, sold by Global Teck "Authorized Plantronics Partner")  I previously used the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Voyager-Legend/dp/B00DQ5NU76/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Voyager Legend</a>&nbsp;(along with the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/charging-case/dp/B009UNGYHG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">charging case</a>).  Off the bat, I'll say it was an excessively dirty move by Plantronics to purposely engineer the new model such that it won't fit in the charging case from the Legend.  It has the same connector, and even has MicroUSB on it now, but they had to let greed win over yet again by requiring the purchase of a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Voyager-5200-Charging-Case/dp/B01H2RBROQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Voyager 5200 Charging Case</a>.  I hate to say these things, as I've loved Plantronics so much over the years and been happy to send my money their way.		Very quickly I realized that the audio quality of the headset was absolutely dismal.  I think my Jabra would have sounded better after soaking it in hot candle wax then letting it dry.  Persons at the other end of the call could not understand my words at all.  Tried three different phones, as well as the "Extended Range" dongle that comes with the UC kit (used with iMac 5K on FaceTime audio call for tests).  I used Google Voice to record exact audio of the call, and sent it to Plantronics via e-mail, along with an inquiry as to how I should proceed.  I wasn't feeling great about getting a replacement from Amazon as I feared it may be a bad "batch" of them.		Plantronics rep responded, advised me on the steps to request a replacement -- which I did.  Generated a PDF of the Amazon order and attached it to the RMA request.  About a day later, "Proof of Purchase Rejected" with no additional explanation.  So, my friend returned it to Amazon and instead ordered the Voyager 5200 (non-UC model).  This time, he ordered it from Plantronics, Inc., fulfilled by Amazon.  Was feeling pretty good about it this time.		This time, it seemed to be working for the first day or so.  But, nonetheless, in very short order I was answering calls and several times having the caller hang up because my voice was so incredibly distant and faint.  For kicks, I did a full reset on an Android phone to test with.  (Galaxy S4)  Same story.  My main phone is an iPhone 5S.		So, I went onto the Plantronics service portal again and registered the Plantronics 5200 (Standard) and submitted my Amazon PDF receipt.  Even quicker this time, it seemed, the status quickly changed to "Proof of Purchase Rejected".  I e-mailed Plantronics again and explained the whole situation, hoping for someone who would be supportive to help me get a unit that worked.  I really prefer not to drive to a retail store if possible.  I didn't receive a reply for several days, and finally was irritated enough that I clicked the link online that said "Proceed with replacement without receipt" (or similar)  Soon, I received an RMA PDF to enclose in my shipment, along with the address I was to ship back to.  One more time I e-mailed Plantronics and questioned the fact that I was being asked to pay for return shipping, despite seemingly industry standard prepaid shipping label being provided.		My level of irritation prompted me to do my best to minimize the shipping cost, so I proceeded to the nearest Post Office with a Tyvek bubble-envelope enclosing the 5200 headset.  I paid for first-class return shipping and handed it to the mail clerk.  In hindsight, should have opted for priority with tracking, or certified, etc.		So, that's where I'm at now.  It was shipped back to Plantronics two weeks ago nearly, with proper documentation enclosed and addressed to their return service center.		Now the Plantronics web site shows my claims as being "Closed", however it also shows another unit as Registered "Automatically", and it says the replacement product has been shipped to me.  Also, clicking on the newly registered unit magically causes the proof-of-purchase that I submitted previously to Plantronics to display on my screen.  The same one that the representative asked me to send again because they didn't have it.  (I asked for a fax number so I could have confirmation of delivery, but they never provided a number).		In the end, I did receive the replacement unit.  But I wouldn't wish this kind of headache on my worst enemy.  If Plantronics gave this some thought, they'd decide they didn't want customers already frustrated with a faulty device -- to be frustrated to the N degree with there replacement process.		Thanks for taking the time to read this.  Please click "Yes" below if this review helped you with your decision!  It is encouraging to know that my time helps others!		My Plantronics ownership history:	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Plantronics-Voyager-5200/dp/B01H2RBQUG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Plantronics Voyager 5200</a>	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Plantronics-Voyager-Legend/dp/B0092KJ9BU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Plantronics Voyager Legend</a>	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Plantronics-Voyager-Pro-HD/dp/B005IMB5SG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Plantronics Voyager Pro HD</a>	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Plantronics-Voyager-PRO/dp/B0043EV20G/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Plantronics Voyager PRO+</a>	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Plantronics-Voyager-PRO/dp/B0027FFZEW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Plantronics Voyager PRO</a>	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Plantronics-Discovery-975/dp/B00361GCH0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Plantronics Discovery 975</a>	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Plantronics-Voyager-520/dp/B00410VD2Y/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Plantronics Voyager 520</a>	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Plantronics-Voyager-510/dp/B0009B0IX4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Plantronics Voyager 510</a>	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Plantronics-Calisto-Pro-Kit/dp/B000XHDA8Y/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Plantronics Calisto Pro Kit</a>	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Plantronics-Savor-M1100/dp/B0043EV20Q/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Plantronics Savor M1100</a>
1,Too thick and looks like gold rather than silver
1,It doesnt work. Dont buy it. There is no way...gstting crazy because I needed but it just don't work and is new. I don't recoment it
1,Mine didn't last a month under very light usage. Amazon however did back their product
1,Very hard to remove to change battery.  back support is flimsy and snaps off too easily.
1,The phone we received could not be activated on T-mobile (after over an hour in the T-mobile store and every employee trying). We had to send it back.
1,Bought two of these for my sons the back on both of them broke within the first week.  I do not recommend this product as good case for the Iphones.  The were used under normal conditions and did not hold up for very long at all.
1,Don't waste your money getting this with the charging pad.  The receiver works fine, but the pad doesn't.  I had a nice QI pad I bought for work and it works without issue.  This one though makes my phone keep switching between charging and not charging constantly.  At first I thought it was the receiver, but then once I tried my other charging plate, I discovered the receiver worked fine.  I would buy the receiver separately and a different charging pad.
1,This was terrible. The cutouts were jagged like someone did it by hand with a dull knife. It's just fell cheap. Which it is so I guess yeah my fault.
1,This did not work with my TAB S2. The micro USB does not sit properly... Don't buy it.
1,I had high hopes for this product, and at first glance it appeared to be of a good design and quality material. Unfortunately, within 5 minutes of removing it from the box and assembling, it broke at the location where the base connects to the bottom of the gooseneck. Upon inspection, a key part (metal post) snapped in half where the screw fits in (it looks like a cheap pot metal part). I am a fairly mechanical guy, so I can't figure out why the design would have such a flimsy connection at a critical stress point. In any case, it is unrepairable and junk at this point. Stay away from this product until they redesign the connecting piece because I believe it will fail repeatedly. Also, absolutely no instructions included so you are on your own.
1,It doesn't fit very snugged on phone.  Feels like it might come off if I drop it.
1,I cannot get this to stay on my iPhone.
1,I cannot stress enough not to buy this.  I bought 2 these, one for my bike, one for my Fiance's.  Based on the reviews, I was excited to get this mount for our bikes so we could use our phones as displays to track distance and speed when we rode our bikes.  It couldn't even handle that.		We ride our bikes on VERY easy terrain.  We ride 100% on towpaths or paved trails with asphault, so there are little to no bumps on the road.  It took but a few rides for both of our mounts to snap off right at the ball joint.  This thing is made of cheap plastic and it shows as both mounts snapped clean off.  Luckily we both noticed the phone hanging by the tether before it fell to the ground or we would have bigger problems than $16 down the drain.		I would recommend this product to nobody and I would recommend anybody who has bought this mount in the last 30 days to promptly return it before it inevitably breaks.		I am truly disappointed in this product.
1,OK
1,What I got doesn't feel anything like glass even though it very well might be. The other edges (black area) seems to be fully plastic. I normally use a daskin edge to edge for my 6+ because I like the feel of glass, but also would prefer the surface of my phone doesn't get scratched. I'm sure this one does the job, but I don't like the way it feels.
1,I got this for my samsung galaxy and thought it was going to be fine but oh lord, big difference brtween this and the defender series. Much flimsier with a cheapie film you put over the screen whereas the defender is an actual case. Literally a few bucks price difference from the defender series. Ive been a devotee of the defender series since my first iphone and it has never failed me.
1,I hate it case came out blurry I did not use it at all
1,Reducin to 1 star as this device is completely dwfunct after 9 months of use. Now looking for a replacement.	Original review: like the fact that I this doesn't have to stick out from the electic outlet like many others do .  It also doesn't waste electricity when it isn't charging and I don't have to figure out what plug goes into which slot.  All these features are the reason I selected this model in my charging station.  I wanted to hide all the cords behind a false back on a shelf.  This set up allowed me to use minimal space, plug everything in and hide all the cords but the charging end behind the false back without wasting electricity by leaving it plugged in all the time.
1,Out of the 5 chargers I gnly 2 of them were working  I was really dissapointed and upset  that they didn't work )-;
1,I did not purchase this through Amazon.com however the review is unbiased. For your benefit pay the cost and order the LG OEM case. I ordered this one first and due to its quality, or lack there of, ended up purchasing the OEM case.
1,Extremely slow charging
1,This dose not fit iphone 5 like it says it dose!
1,I would not buy again! I bought four two no longer work. And they are not damaged, just do not carry the phone.
1,This headset is really really bad, very unconfortable, it hurts my ear so bad, you can not use this thing not even 30 min so i returned this one and decided to buy the plantronics M70 (awesome by the way)
1,It is not waterproof, and is very heavy, a total deception
1,Thin doesn't begin to describe this "case."  When it arrived, I unpacked it and slipped it on my phone.  The first thing I noticed was a small crack on the back at the bottom.  This "case" offers no protection other than potential scratches to the back of the phone.  It will not protect against drops, spills, or the screen.  I knew that when I bought it, I thought it would be a bit more sturdy.  Not so.  When I submitted for a refund due to the defect, the return shipping instructions stated to, "Securely pack the items in a box. "  I thought this was rich as it was shipped to me in a padded envelope! Look for a more durable case if you want some sort of protection for your phone until the Otterboxes are released.
1,I purchased 3 of these solar chargers to provide backup charging during power outages and trips to far flung places. At first they worked as designed; the photovoltaic panels charged the internal battery which could then be removed and used to charge phones and other appliances with the electrical conntector kit included.  A little more than a year later it is disapponting to see that the connectors are rusting. Yes the unit's electrical connectors between the solar panel and the battery have so much corrosion and rust on them that they can no longer charge. How did this happen?  This unit has not been in the field since I bought it. It has sat in my study on a table next to the window the entire time.  Maybe it would be understandable if I had this unit sitting on the deck of a boat in the ocean but no, its hardware can't stand up to life on a shelf in an air conditioned, heated suburban study. They built a nice unit, I paid a nice price and because they cheaped out on the spec'd electrical connectors I have a unit that doesn't work any more.	Updated Oct 2013--Voltaic customer service sent me a new unit and paid for me to ship my old unit back to them so they could check out the corrosion issue.  That is impressive. Many firms will send out replacements just to quiet a customer but few seem to want to research the problem and learn from the incident. Kudos to Voltaic. The replacement unit is working great too with no sign of a recurrence of the issue.
1,I did not buy this from here... I got it at the ATT store... that's way I'm looking for a different one. I understand their concept but this item sucks...  It has an inner case and an outer rubber case. The rubber case "grabs" onto the inner plastic case by little "teeth" that fits into the slots all around the rim of the plastic case. It does not hold. I am CONSTANTLY putting the rubber little teeth back in there holes. Everytime I grab it, a "rubber tooth" comes out of the plastic case at some point and I have to put it back in... I repeat... CONSTANTLY!!!!! I heard that 50 cent designed it or put his name to it.. I wonder what was he smoking at the time. If you don't believe me, buy it, then hate it, then return it... Trust me... that's what's gonna happen..
1,Picture is exactly like the case. It arrived fast and I cannot wait to put this on My IPhone6 plus. I highly recommend this case. Package wasn't bent like most cases I get from Amazon.		Case gets really dirty And you cannot clean it
1,trash
1,I wish there had been some reviews to read before I bought this!  Basically, it does what it says.  It protects your privacy.  No one can see the screen unless they're pretty much directly in front of it.		However... this is a two-piece set.  It comes with a glossy screen protector that protects the whole front of the iphone.  You're supposed to put that down first, then put the privacy film on top of it.  I did it backwards, and that screwed everything up.		But even if you did it right, here are the four problems associated with it:		1. the film is quite thick - try to picture this - it's about 3 times as thick as the glossy screen protector (the standard screen protector that comes with or without the privacy film).  Keep in mind the glossy screen protector is super thin and when you have that on your phone you hardly notice it.  The privacy film though is thick enough that it creates a ridge that your finger can definitely feel as it runs across it.		(By the way, the privacy film just covers the lighted part of the iphone screen - not the entire face).  So the privacy film sits on top of the glossy screen protector - and there's this ridge there.  A ridge that can get caught on things when you put the phone in your pocket or purse.  I'm sure it won't last long in daily use.		I accidentally installed all of this backwards from the way they recommended.  I put the privacy film down first, then the glossy protector on top of it.  It works okay, and it eliminates the "ridge" problem.  The film will now not get caught on anything and ripped off because it's covered by the glossy protector.  However, the glossy protector doesn't fit over it perfectly - leaving a lot of bubbles outside of the screen area.  This is no doubt why they recommend installing it the other way around!		2. The privacy film really dims your screen.		3. With this doubling up of films and protectors the screen loses a noticeable amount of sensitivity, and you have to press harder for it to recognize your commands.  This is really a pain after awhile.		4. The privacy film got a tiny little bubble that just won't go away.  I can push it around with my thumb, but it just comes back when I'm finished!		It sounds like a great idea in theory, but I'm not sure in practice it's really going to be worth it.  I find myself now weighing the benefits & costs.		Benefit:  no one can see my screen but me	Costs:  I have to look at a much darker screen, there are little bubbles that can't be removed, and the whole thing's not going to last very long anyway!		Then I think:  privacy protection sounds good, but really - in real life - how often has my privacy been violated by someone looking at my screen?  I'm not sure it has ever happened.  And if it did happen, it has caused me no harm.  So why not just be careful whose around when you pull the phone out and dump the whole privacy film bit!
1,Doesnt stay plugged into any device.
1,Never got it to work
1,Doesnt charge with phone like the note 5 case did. not worth $100 this is my case..
1,Started lifting off screen after first day of use.  No longer had the packaging so i just bit the bullet on this one
1,This cover is a joke. The idea seems cool but when you get the product you find out that the outer part should already be attached to the glass. It shouldn't be two pieces. It bends and breaks to easily and you have to be very careful when installing it.	Lint and dust gets trapped between the pieces in time.
1,Instructions horrible and inacurate telling you to remove tab 1 however there is no tab 1.  It says to clean the screen with the included alcohol pad, which is not actually included.  Lastly, the screen protector is not as wide as the actual LCD on the phone.  No matter how you line it up either the left or right side of the screen sticks out and looks horrible as the edges of the screen protector stop before the LCD does.  This means that you see a line through both the left and right sides of the LCD for everything you look at. I'm returning this product and will remove it as soon as it's replacement arrives.  Never been so disapointed with a product.
1,Terrible choic I made
1,It feels cheap and the card slots are very, very thin. Also the card slots are to shallow. My ID card  won't fit in the window pocket. I also just discovered my screen button is unusable with this case!  Lame.
1,Not my favorite. I almost prefer my wired headphones to these but the Bluetooth makes them the ones I wear to the gym.		They are fairly uncomfortable, normally I'm touching them to keep pushing them into my ears as the sound is horrible unless fully seated. With that being said the sound is mediocre at best even when they are seated correctly. The cord between the earpieces is just barely long enough (I purchased the "new" model with the longer cord) they are hard to seat behind your ear correctly and so on.		You get the idea, meh, they do what I want, just don't sound as good as I wanted and comfort is not real good.
1,I bought this low cost case to hold me over while I shopped for the perfect case for my new iPhone 5s; there's no way this peeling crusty white thing is going near my iPhone.  Aside from the company's questionable homoerotic name (Bear Motion..), the "luxury 100% buffalo hide" is also certainly suspect since it feels like nothing more than a cheap piece of faux leather carelessly glued onto a slab of molded plastic.  When my parents recently stopped by my place, they asked if it was broken.		I know other people might be inclined to shed more light on this product because of the price, but it's not even worth the shipping (and I'm a Prime shopper).  I considered giving it 2 stars because the case (probably) still has functionality, but no.  It's a case, it's supposed to protect the phone.  Just stop by any convenience store or booth at the mall and pick up something for $5-$10, I promise the quality will surpass this.		I'm going to keep this thing around for a good laugh.  Maybe I'll regift it to someone I hate...
1,Bummed, its a perfect fit, but the flap is already falling apart after 3 weeks of use. I didn't pay a lot, shouldn't have expected much, but I have several others different brands that are much better quality.
1,Can't really comment on the quality of the product as it came shattered.
1,The first call I received after placing the phone in the case, was very garbled, I had to speak in the phone purposefully. I had to resort to the old reliable. Armor kickstand Hybrid case hard gel cover.
1,It is ok
1,I didn like it at all , but still thanks for the many cases that I bought from u
1,Not bad but not great either. It does not take much to make these phones lag. Also not able to select live wallpapers. Ok for basic text, calling and that's about it really.  I wish ATT would start to offer better option	S for Gophones.
1,The item was damaged upon receipt.  The frame was broken,  the screen protector was damaged and the frame doesn't seem strong enough to properly protect my expensive phone if it falls or drops. The screen protector is too thin and doesn't seem too secure once applied.	I'm completely dissatisfied with this product and awaiting a refund,  let's see how that goes.
1,didn't stay in place
1,Ive used a few different cd holders and I wanted this one because of its small profile.  Its too bad that the phone wiggles while connected and the lever part slides out from the cd player so I have to constantly adjust it.
1,Only stayed on for a week
1,Again I am still having problems with customer support's ability to read. I do not recommend the Q3i headset at all. Reason, is doesn't come with ear buds that fit a standard person's ear. They only ship Small and Medium, no Large and they don't stay in your ear. The device doesn't even stay in my wife's ear. They are 10 years behind every other company on ear bud engineering. I recommend they buy the rights from Bose on ear bud technology. Don't waste your time with this headset, you will loose them. They fall out of your year without the wire clip being used. this makes it difficult to put on and carry in your pocket
1,The appearance is nice. However, I'm disappointed with the thickness. The camera portion on the back sticks out from the case. I don't feel safe encase my phone is dropped in this. Otherwise, nice product. If the material was thicker especially in the back, I would rate it 4 stars.
1,I could not get this to stick anywhere for any more than a few hours
1,We had the Samsung Galaxy and that worked pretty well so when I saw the ads for the Galaxy II with bigger screen, faster processor, and more features I was excited.  At first it worked well, but then I had constant problems with Swype-no matter how I adjust the settings-Swype almost always chooses the wrong words.  If I talk into the mic to use speech recognition again it almost always uses the wrong words.		Aside from that the battery life is pathetic.  Within one month the battery would last only three hours on a charge.  Sprint told me I would have to call Samsung, but Samsung said they never replace batteries even if it is one day old and defective.  Don't think this kind of lousy service would happen with Apple.		In addition, the phone is having constant brain farts where it freezes up for no reason-and sometimes they can last ten minutes.  I also has brain farts while texting where you try to Swype a letter on the left side of the keyboard and it will not recognize it.		Finally, the reception is much worse than the Galaxy one and so is the volume control to the point of barely being able to hear someone.  The Iphone may not have the large screen but I'd rather have quality than a big heap of garbage that has all sorts of bells and whistles-most of which do not even work!
1,If this is "Pro" ... i wonder what amateur is...  VERY UNCLEAR
1,it puts the phone on silent mode. do not care for this brand. sorry
1,First off il say the phone did get to my house quickly. Thats the only good thing. I got this for my girlfirnd, when I opended the back of the phone to put the SD card in I noticed the red paint chipping away in many spots. Then I go to charge it and find the charging port on the phone is so worn the cable just falls right out. I turn the phone on and it says I need to update the phone so I do. The phone resets as it should and now the phone will get stuck on the red load screen till you hit the center button. Now after I have updates a message pops up saying my phone is unstable and the only option to choose is "Im feeling Lucky" so you hit it, now just about everything force closes even when u make a call it force closes. I have ordered many things from amazon with really no problems. And im not new to smart phones had them all. This one was such a piece of Junk I had to right a review and send it back.
1,Make Sure that you Purchase the Glass ! These are Not the ones I meant to Buy !
1,Received phone and inserted the sim card by Virgin Mobile and it does connect to the network. I checked to see if the frequencies were the same and they are. please help
1,The screen protectors that I received were not what was pictured in the product description.  The screen protectors pictured in the product description shows the speaker and camera cutouts to be precisely cut, but the screen protectors that I received have a U shaped cutout for the speaker and camera.
1,Sent it back. To large for my IPhone 6
1,Get this phone for someone who isn't interested in apps or maybe a grandmother who doesn't care. but don't expect to have as many bars of service as you would with other phones.		If you like to use apps, skip this phone. Don't allow the maps or anything else to update, EVER! There is only a bare minimum of memory on this phone and it fills up QUICK. The phone is SUPER SLOW in general, the qwerty keyboard and push buttons randomly stop working and forces you to pull the battery to get it working again.  Constant random reboots just from opening the slider, which in turn either tells you to install your battery or tells you your sd card is damaged (pull battery to correct). Battery life SUCKS--my phone has been unplugged for an hour, sending 2 texts in the mean time--the battery is at 50% already--and there is nothing extra running in the background. I am SICK of this phone.
1,This case fell apart within 3 weeks. I have had other cases by navor that lasted for years. The color was nice
1,first. you can only fit a few cards in it before it's to thick to close. And forget putting cash in it! The stitching is the best quality and it has a horrible crease in the 'leather' already. Just not great quality. Not impressed.
1,When I first received this phone was so excited!!! Set phone up and at first all was well but after few days dropped calls phone froze up telling me my phone could not receive anymore calls etc. I guess u get what u pay for.  Sadly j need go return phone.  Was purchased to help bring cell phone bill down. Hopes dashed!  Would not recommend this product to anyone. Only good thing about phone is radio.
1,I could not get the film to stick.  I followed the directions and used both films.  I had no luck.  I wasted my money.
1,the plastic is so cheap, it was cracked when i received it. i would have sent it back but used it before i noticed it.
1,UPDATE: The kickstand broke off today. One of the small tabs that hold it in the case broke off. They should have just not added the kickstand. Or,  they should have built it sturdier. As mentioned in my original review, it seemed pretty flimsy; a short time proved it to be so.		This case fits well and protects even better. I like the built in screen protector. My phone remains very responsive through screen protector.  The protection is great. I dropped my phone in the parking lot and there was nary a nick on the case and no damage to the phone.		Two issues would improve it. The upper part of the case is so close to the top of the screen that it is difficult to pull down the menu. It's there to hold the screen protector and leave the front sensors and camera unobstructed by the screen protector. I would think cutouts might work as will and eliminate the need for the bar.		The second issue is that the kickstand is pretty flimsy. It works better with the phone on its side than it does vertical. It locks into place very well when not in use. But, once pulled out is floppy and a bit bendy. It would be nice if it would lock open, even better if it had two locked open positions for better positioning the phone when vertical. I find that I'm not using it much.
1,Battery life sucks
1,Hard to get off
1,Delivery was on time. The phone? Well, it was a great phone out of the box until I turned it on. The screen had a crack on the top right corner. I kept getting sim errors, although it worked with the carrier. Now, the phone can't even turn on. I hope it is just a factory defect on this one phone. I read all the specs and was loving it. Well, now I'm loveless.
1,After about an hour and 45 minutes, I got it installed. Everything worked, except that at first, the screen had these horizontal lines across it. So, I took it apart again and made sure all the wires are fully secure. Now, I still have horizontal lines and the screen is just too dark. I'm gonna send it back and get a different brand.		I put my old screen back, and even though it's cracked, at least it's not dark and doesn't all those lines across it.
1,It sucks, but my girl likes the color
1,I didn't like this case because it was way too bulky. It just about doubled the size of my phone. I couldn't fit the phone in my pocket after putting this case on.
1,Can't hear. I read all the reviews and many said you couldn't hear well but, I ordered it anyway. First I would like to say that the case worked great for keeping the phone waterproof and drop proof. However, my daughter took it off because it was impossible to to hear through and the thin plastic that protects the glass caused a few problems with the sensitivity of the screen. Please note also that even after my daughter took the case off, it was still hard to hear anything. We looked at many other reviews of the Samsung Galaxy 3 phone itself and found that the sound was a problem even without the case. So it was a combination of the phone and the cover. So under these circumstances, I would not recommend this particular case for this particular phone.
1,Nice idea but need improvement.  Cable needs to be not so stiff that controls how outlet sits on desktop
1,This doesn't stay in my phone to charge it. I threw it away.
1,Works as promised.  Kick stand seems flimsy, but works adequately.  When it is in kickstand mode, it loose and will flap in the wind a bit.  Phone will be propped up and work find as long as you don't touch it and whatever you set in on does not move.  Kick stand will snap in securely and you'll forget its there when not in use.  Nice!  However, case will take on scratches fairly easily.  But better to scratch the case than the phone, right?		The biggest problem is the tactile feel for the buttons.  They are smooth to the surface and hard to discern by touch alone.  You will have to physically look to make sure you fingers are over the button to push it.  Slightly annoying.
1,Both Batteries ended up going Bad within a year...both batteries "EXPANDED" and can no longer fit in the back of our Samsung Note-2 Phones...and even the wall charger stopped working...and guess what...we had 1-Year to either return them or Not, but that's the time when the Glue inside of the batteries gave up and the covers expanded and could No longer fit in either of our phones...yet the charge was just Fine...!!!	Simply defective Cover Wraps that Expanded too large to ft into the battery compartment of our Note Phones!	w.roehling@yahoo.com
1,hate it.. worst quality ever.. starts to turns out like yellow
1,Wrong size than quoted too big for my phone
1,It's clear as soon as you open the package for this device that setting it up isn't going to be a simple matter of plug-and-play. For one thing, there are four distinct parts to it:	The main electronics module	An external antenna	An internal antenna	A power supply, which consists of a cigarette-lighter plug and a small brick-on-a-leash transformer		Furthermore, there's quite a long list of rules for configuring the device: The external antenna should be positioned at the center of your car's roof (it has a magnetic base), away from any windows including sunroof, and at least 8 inches away from any person. (The instructions don't state whether this last item is a matter of safety from microwave exposure, but that's the implication.) The interior antenna, which is a flat, candy-bar sized thing, has to be a good distance away from the outside antenna, away from any windows, and at least 18 inches away from any cell phone that will be used. (That's right; although this antenna communicates with your cell phone, it apparently doesn't work if your phone is too close.)		Once you get all of that set up and connect the three cables, you can power the device on. If you have the two antennas too close to each other, or have your phone too close to the inside antenna, some red lights will inform you of the problem.		Wilson is the manufacturer of several cell phone booster devices, and in my home I've been using their&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/DT-Cell-Phone-Signal-Boost-for-Small-Home-or-Office/dp/B0014KOB6Y/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">DT - Cell Phone Signal Boost for Small Home or Office</a>&nbsp;for over a year with good results. This is a reputable company and I believe they sell quality products. For example, the central electronics module of this booster is a sturdy, heavy (over one lb.) device with a cast aluminum body. The instructions state that it's built to withstand the high temperatures it's likely to be exposed to inside a car.		However... In my testing setup in my car at home, I simply couldn't get this device to show any improvement in my signal strength. Given that fact, plus the complexity of setting the device up, I decided not to bother installing all the various parts semi-permanently for a road test in other locations. Even if it did work for me in some locations, having all these parts and wires scattered around my car makes the item more trouble and mess than it would be worth. If I had purchased this item I'd be sending it back for a refund. I'm sure it works for some people under some circumstances, but it didn't work for me.
1,love the length but doesnt charge fast at all. some of them don't even work. i would recomend a different brand.
1,The reason for my disappointment is because on Amazon.com the color of the case is a very light baby pink.  The item I received is a bright neon pink which is nowhere near what I wanted.  I'm not going to send the item back as I've found someone who can use it, not to mention the fact that I'd have to pay for the shipping, which in my eyes charges me way more than I intended to pay for an item I'm not going to use.		This is a huge let down for me.  I read the reviews after I placed my order and found that I was not the only person who had experienced this.  If I had read the reviews first I wouldn't have purchased the item.		The quality of the item is good, however, which is why I didn't give it a one.  I haven't used it, so I don't know about the tail issue, although, I wouldn't be surprised if it's as others have said.
1,This product is not very durable. Within the firt week the case was filled with scratches both inside and out. And the Nexus logo on the back of my phone is starting to transfer into the case. I am gentle with my phone it's either in my pocket, or on my vent mount in the car. The finger print cut out is freaking huge!!! Leaves a ring around the back of my phone. Only gave it 2 stars because it does look like it will protect your phone in case of a drop, but it seems to harm the finish while the phone is in it.
1,no ports for the sim card and Micro SD
1,3 out of  5 stopped  working within a month... Don't bother. Cheap is expensive sometimes, rolled the dice and lost this time.
1,<div id="video-block-R28RIWIC4KT2WC" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81vigTRcd9S.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81EcNZsuuHS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;As a stand for a phone or a tablet it is bulky and cannot be adjusted. It can hold a phone, although it does not provide it good stability like a rigid stand. It cannot be used with a tablet, the lip is slippery and too shallow to hold the weight of a tablet. Both my Galaxy 7.7 and iPad Mini just slipped out. Just about any other stand works better.		The bottom is microfiber cloth which was intended to be use for cleaning, but it is the part that rests on the surface and thus will pick up dirt and grit because microfiber grips dirt so well. This is not what I want to apply to my screen. It is also cumbersome to hold. Just about any other cleaning cloth works better.		The wedge is 3.5" tall, 5" wide. The sides are 5.5", 5.5" and 4" wide. I am attaching a photo collage which shows the wedge on 1 inch gridded mat for size reference.		I received a sample wedge from the manufacturer to share my experience with it whether positive or negative.		I try to be balanced in my reviews and try to include both positives and negatives. I can say this item is well made, comes in many colors and designs, the stitching is even and did NOT have a bad smell (some cloth items pick up warehouse scent, but this is not the case here). I cannot recommend it however, based on functionality either as a stand or as a cleaning cloth.		Ali Julia review
1,While it may cover the screen the adhesive used is worthless, also it leaves a small enough gap of air that not all touches are picked up. I put this on my phone July 29th and now August 5th I am tired of cleaning it and putting it back on.
1,This wasn't a real otterbox...It didn't fit very tight and was flimsy as well....IT somewhat worked but it was a fake and be very leery
1,This item came recommended to me by a friend who has had it for a couple of months and he has been happy with it. Unfortunately I was a little skeptical when I received it but installed it on my iPhone 5. It lasted approximately a week before I had to take it off. Although the bumper does what it's supposed to, the design is simple to flimsy at the base point where the speakers and ports are. I have taken it off and went back to an older cover I have for it for now. In my view it was a waste of $10.
1,At first I was really happy with the case, I read about scratches and the like but honestly I don't care about scratching a case that protects the phone. My issue is that it's a bit loose around the sides and back. The mirrored back can slide up and down if it doesn't catch the bottom lip correctly and the phone seems to want to pop out the sides. I don't know if I got a bum case or if this is the way they are. I really like the look of it but I wish it was more snug around the phone
1,When switching to Verizon from another wireless carrier, I initially bought 6 of the VX5200 for my on-call staff.  Within 24 hours, all of them had come to me and complained about their phones.		Complaints included:		Ring tones that were too soft,		Flimsy flip mechanisms in the phone's hinge,		The annoying chiming noise the phone makes every time you turn it on or turn it off (and we couldn't find a way to disable it),		Cheap feel of the phone,		Some of the menus didn't make much sense,		Poor reception quality inside the buildings		Overall, they were not happy with the phones and didn't feel comfortable using them so I had to take them back and get the motorola E815.		There was not much good about the phones other than the:		Ability to take pictures,		Decent quality speakerphone,		Bright screens,		Final Recommendation:		The phone bravely offers a lot of features for the dollar and were it not for the poor reception and poor build quality, which are deal breakers for me, I would have made my staff stay with this phone.  Get this phone only if: 1) this phone fits your budget and/or 2) you don't care about the above listed complaints as this phone will work for those who just need to dial the numbers they need to call.
1,It came i installed it an its not wrking the screen is all scrambled with deferent colours not worth buying
1,Glass did not stick around the edges top or bottom
1,It's a nice item but mine the corner already peeled the paint off from being in my pocketbook.
1,Trash. Doesn't fit properly
1,My phone (nexus 6p) can drain more then 50% of this in one charge. NOT delivering the advertised mah. To make things worse, if I leave it plugged in, then eventualy the phone finishes charging and the powerbank turns off.. Then the phone starts charging the power bank. End result is a dead phone and a power bank w/ low battery (after leaving it plugged in overnight..)
1,Un-necessary product. Hard to apply.
1,If you're going to use only Apple downloads and apps, and not use Audible or anything else that isn't bought from Apple, then this phone might be okay.  However, Apple discriminates against products not bought from the iTunes store.  For example, an audio book bought from iTunes can be backed up to the iTunes library on one's PC.  Not so with an Audible book downloaded with the Audible app.  So far, I have not found any way to back it up into the iTunes audiobook library on my PC.		In addition, Apple seems to use my cellular data on a daily basis to upload about half a megabyte (think of a 100,000 word term paper's worth of data) daily, even when I have turned off push notifications, Siri, location services, and just about everything else.  The only thing that stops this upload is turning off wifi and cellular data.  So much for  having a "smartphone"!		Then there's the matter of "garbage collection".  When one loads something onto the phone and later deletes it, the storage doesn't seem to become available.  One has to back up the phone and restore it in order to have that storage amount available again.		And, then there are the bugs.  Sometimes the backup and restore fails to restore the photo album.  Other times, it fails to restore the ringtones.  And, if you manage to change the setting for manually dealing with music, a restore might try to load all your audiobooks onto the iPhone.  The only thing that gets this to stop may be to restore to factory settings, and then to manually add back everything.
1,The cover is made of a cardboard material and doesn't line up with the quick view clock properly. Doesn't offer much protection since the flap doesn't stay closed(no magnet to keep it shut).		There are better protectors out there for less or the same amount.
1,If I had to buy it again, I wouldn't.  It feels very cheaply made.  It just didn't really vibe right with gaming.  I can't put my finger on it.  I just hated everything about it.  The way it clicks, the way it moves.  If you don't have a super flat surface it freaks out.  Sometimes I would be clicking and it wouldn't do anything.  Made my gaming experience very aggravating.
1,material not durable
1,Really like the case but it didn't  fit completely  over sound button and interfered with controlling sound when case is on.
1,Works great as a bluetooth controller on android if you want to use it with a game or a some kind of emulator. I can't say that doesn't work fantastic. It also works as a shutter control and all those other things listed. It does not work with google cardboard, so when it says it works with the VR headset i have no idea what that means. Some VR games may support bluetooth, but google cardboard sure doesn't and that's what i bought it for. I have a moto x (android) phone. It pairs easily and it's small and light. The instructions are a horrible translation that makes little sense.
1,Sizing on the description is wrong, it says this will fit phones as big as 4.7" wide and it doesn't.	Compatible for iPhone6/5s/5c/5/4s/4/3 - Samsung Galaxy S3, S4, S5,HTC One, Nexus 5 and other device for wide1.97- 4.7inch, Not Compatible for iphone6Plus and Samsung Note4/3/2.	Mine is a LG G3 same size as S5 and is a no go.
1,Have absolutely NO SOURCE to infer the Removal of Original METAL STRIP nor A single detail of which an intelligent person could follow and be successful for ourselves. PLUS us X Generation watched the birth of Computers and Mobile DEVICES we are more than Sufficiently Learned to contend with the Maintaining RATHER THAN BE FORCED TO EXPLORE TECHNICIANS(4)of which SHUNNED being HIRED when I spoke what MY PHONE'S NAME. SO FOR 2YEARS NOW, the Repair of Replacing Screen CANNOT EVEN be FINISHED which $150+TAX+SHIPPING am BEYOND DEVASTATION for TRUSTING MY PURCHASE wouldn't have Defrauded Me from Devices ORIGINAL SIZE SCREEN  but to then COME BACK AND attempt to Purchase all NECESSARY Parts and AGAIN BE SLIGHTED The STEPS TO USE THEM.
1,To start with I received mine within 4 days and that's fast, cons: it came with no screen protector, contacted them and they offered to send me one ASAP. looked great once I installed it but in less than 24 hours it started to peel off from all angles. That being said if a product can perform for a reasonable amount of time it is mediocre to say the least and I wouldn't recommended at all. I would have gave this review zero stars but we don't get the option.
1,I want to be very clear. I didn't purchase this from Amazon. However, the faults I imagine are the same no matter where you decide to pick it up. Like most people I am fairly organized and thought this case fits into my lifestyle. Until the day I mistakenly left my device at a restaurant along with my AmEx in the case. Long story short it really isn't a good idea to combine two of the most important financial tools in your life into one neatly packaged product. As if/when it is taken from you everything anyone needs to ruin you is in this case...your phone and credit cards.
1,not happy at all the docking station is to fimsey it falls apart when you use it to much cable to connect just not that practilal to i phone
1,it was good while it worked but it didn't work but for month .  If it would have worked longer than it would have been great
1,oh fees. Oh my fee fie fo fum. This is a really funny thing to review. Who doesn't love regulatory fees? anybody?		anybody?
1,The KMashi worked for a few days, then after recharging, never successfully allowed me to take a picture from it again, even though it told me that I was connected.
1,Case does a good job keeping your phone dry, however it's poorly designed.  Phone slips all the way to one end and the black part blocks part of the camera.  Photos taken through the case also looks bad.  If you're looking for something to keep your phone dry, this works well.  If you're looking to take quality photos while using the case, this is not the right case for you.
1,BAD is not unlocked
1,One stars, because one works and one doesn't.  I'm not ok with spending $60 on a battery pack and it not being fully operational 35 days after buying it.  That is not very promising for the lifetime of the product.		You see those 4 black circles (2 on either side of the silver on/off button)?  Those show the power cell level that has been charges, starting from left to right.  Each time one illuminates solid blue, that cell is fully charged, and on it goes, from left to right.  Well, now I can only get 3 of those cells to light up.  Regardless of the time charging, the 4th cell won't charge.  I'm not sure why this is happening as there's been no drops, water, etc.....but here we are with it not working.  I have two of these.  One works fine, with all cells charging properly, one does not.		As you can see, this is after a full charge and the last cell on the
1,I have ordered several 10 ft cords and every time they stop working after a few months.
1,I like the case. But it came with scratches all over the inside of the back.  Being that it is clear they show when the light shines on it.  It fits well and the buttons are all easy to use and the cutouts are perfect.  You would think quality control would catch a case that is scratched.  Maybe it is a returned case.  I don't know but I won't order one again.
1,I got mine in the mail today and looks like I've been one of many victims of a counterfeit product. I should have listened to the other reviews. My order was sold by GREAT SAVING and fulfilled by AMAZON. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT! I received a single box with the battery (in the plastic) already shoved into the charging case. Mine did not come with the plastic battery storage box. The box was not in English, did not have the hologram and looked like it was opened multiple times, which I'm guessing is due to returns. Bottom line is GREAT SAVING sells counterfeit items so beware.
1,Update June 2016: The phone died while in the charger. Apparently I am not the only one to have this happen. BLU has received my phone but can't fix it and apparently there is no exact replacement. I was appalled to be offered an inferior phone as a replacement. Two weeks later I am still without a phone, the customer service experience is very poor.	The phone was OK while it worked. I did manage to go without charging in 2 nights (so it can run for 3 days with low use). I was unable to drain the battery in a single day.	------	Original review.	This phone turned out to be a really nice surprise. I bought a sub-$200 phone on the premise that it would be "meh" but better than the one dying in my pocket, however it is actually a very nice phone.	No, it is NOT on par with a new iPhone or Samsung Galaxy phone in terms of performance, camera quality and extra features, but it is not bad at all. The 5000mAh battery is what made me choose it on top of similar competitors.	Unfortunately the description of the phone omits nice features that various review websites left out or claimed not to be present.	The phone has a compass, accelerometer and even a FM radio. Not to mention it comes with a screen protector and case in the box (not mentioned in the product description).	That being said, let's start with the actual review. As a baseline I had an old Galaxy S2 running Cyanogenmod (Android 4.3) with an extended 3500mAh battery.	The screen is bright, clear and the phone is responsive. I have found only minor lag issues using Facebook. The CPU seems adequate for all the common applications. There is currently no issue with "only" 1.5GB of RAM	Network speeds I measured were 21M down /4M up using StraightTalk on AT&T over 4G-LTE. The phone does NOT support the 5GHz WiFi band. The GPS acquires a location within seconds.	Those who travel internationally may appreciate the dual-SIM - however the card format is micro - that is slightly smaller than the old "regular" AKA mini. I find the choice a bit odd, at least it could have included an adapter for micro as there is definitely enough physical space, or have a mini and a micro slot.	A nice surprise was the inclusion of a USB host adapter. You can plug a regular USB memory stick or a real camera and have access to the files. Or, you can give some juice to another phone with a weak battery.	I was slightly biased against the camera by different reviews, however after putting it side by side with two real point-and-shoot cameras (true, 10-12 year old models, 3MP and 7MP respectively but with better optics) it is quite on par. The hardware reported resolution of the main (back) camera is 3200x2400 which gives roughly 7.5MP I found odd that there was no quality adjustment available. However captured images are acceptable, even those in low light. The operation is fairly quick for focus and snapping the picture, but the iPhone still remains way ahead.	The OS seems to be customized with Amazon in mind, there are some odd choices especially when coming from a more "pure" form of Android. I definitely miss the root access I enjoyed on my old phone, but tools are available.	The battery is what makes this phone great. After all a phone with a dead battery is as good as a paperweight. The life of the battery is absolutely adequate and even if it may not last 3 days for everyone, it will most likely last a whole day. As of now I have 5h50m of screen time since the charge (19h) and the battery is at 54%. And to top it off the phone supports fast charging.	Now the not-so-great...	It is obvious that the phone was made at a price point. Someone decided to save $3 and not go for a full 2GB of RAM to make it future-proof. The RGB LED cannot be customized - I would think it's a software limitation, because it would be silly to do it in hardware since it doesn't save anything. The camera could have been better - the price of the sensors is pretty low these days (you can buy a new replacement iPhone camera for $6 shipped).	There is no NFC. Do not expect to use the phone for payments. There is a Mediatek implementation of a contact-less data transfer via the screen but I am yet to find another device that can do it.	The hardware buttons do not have a backlight - wrong place to save $0.05 in manufacturing cost. I find the choice of having the power and volume buttons on the same side a bit odd, it's easy to press the wrong one.	There is no wireless charging (nice-to-have) although when having a big battery and fast charging it is quite redundant - aside from avoiding breaking a connector when tripping or after inserting daily for a couple of years.	They could have targeted developers and tinkerers by enabling root access (yes, as a developer myself I see why a manufacturer would NOT want it for everyone).	Bottom line: this is a very good phone. I would give 4 stars for the hardware, but combined with the price it's probably the best $200 can buy.	I would absolutely love to see an updated phone with a better camera, 2GB+ of RAM, maybe a better resolution screen, NFC, wireless charging and a more "vanilla" Android experience, maybe with root that can be toggled on/off - I would be willing to pay another $50-100 for such a thing - and the manufacturing cost would probably be only $15 higher. Encouraging developers to play with it and maybe create custom ROMs can lead to great improvements.
1,Not charging!
1,Opened the package to find scratches on the case.  Unacceptable and will be returning.
1,The slim grip is probably more for today's smart phones, that are big as tv sets used to be at some point. I have an older blackberry, and it is almost two small. Also, I once or twice touched the device accidently, and the "teeth" came off. Can't replace them it turns out.	Good idea, not so great execution
1,Hard to stay on the phone, not the best fish eye
1,THE WORST!!! I cannot begin to tell you how terrible this product is. please please don't buy. This phone requires charging every hour, it powered down on its own. its just a total waste of money! the touchscreen is a nightmare, the camera is like looking through the eyes of someone wearing sunshades in the dark. less than 2h hours later, I had to switch phones. Na! don't buy!
1,Got them, went to my desk, prepared my phone, and carefully placed one down. As I was trying to finish applying it, I noticed it was dusty, so I tried to pull it up and get the dust off. Problem was, it was stuck to the screen protector, and was a lot harder to get off. I gave up on that and tried the next, which ALSO had dust on it already. I hadn't applied it, so I cleaned it as best I could and then applied it. Pulled the other tab off and it had a weird oily film on it. Also a bit of dust in it. Not sure if maybe mine had been re-packaged or had to get pulled off the line for some reason, this brand had been a lot nicer for my friend's phone.		Yeah it's cheap, but I've gotten better for just as much. May have just been a fluke though.
1,Pretty flimsy case.  I like the look but man this thing is cheapo.  Also, if it was able to be damaged in transit, imaging what kind of protection it offers your precious iphone.
1,I've had this item for 2 months and 2 weeks so far. A couple of things,  I've never gotten nearly the advertised 24k mah out of it after it is fully charged and secondly it is now only charging my cell phones at about 300mah max... an expensive trickle charger. Not sure if I got a dud or what? Not cool at all for the $$$ spent on this item.
1,A total piece of junk  Does not allow phone to sit all the down to make good contact in phone connector. Very unstable....JUNK JUNK JUNK!!!!!!
1,the case and charger is working but the battery is only 2 hours using. It drains right away. Waste of money cause I am looking forward of the battery thinking that i would be able to replace my battery. My old battery is working fine that the new one.
1,I got this case. Did the water test in a bowl. Left it for a hour. So it passed that and I was like alright cool im ready to go to the beach with my phone in this case. So today I went to the beach and decided to bring it in the water to take photos. I barely but the phone in the water for a few seconds because I was still trying to be cautious with the supposed lifeproof case and noticed a ripple effect across my screen. Well the plastic layer covering the fingerprint scanner is glued on very crappy and it let a tiny amount of water in. Anyway I went back to the beach and quickly took my phone out only for it not to work anymore, with just a tiny amount of water. Lifeproof,  you  guys should be called nothing proof.
1,Broken after several times of usage
1,The spring that allows the arms to retract broke off along with the part that holds the spring in after a few weeks of normal use.		This item is no longer eligible for return.
1,If you ever get a newer phone, you won't be able to resell your old, used, discontinued Speck case unless you're an "authorized dealer", approved by Speck!
1,The device is nice idea for holding onto an iPhone yet it tends to bounce loose (the iPhone and the lighter plug) far too often.		The connection to a stereo aux input is far too quiet to be of any use at all unless you are on a very smooth road traveling at a very low speed with no air conditioning.  The volume knob was a nice attempt to fix this yet it is not worth its weight.		I would not have purchased this had I known what I know now.		The remote control is sort of random about if it will work or not talking to an iPhone.
1,At my office, for years, I have used the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Plantronics-CS70-HL10-DECT-6-0-Bundle-Wireless-Headset-System-with-Lifter/dp/B000FPKOV0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Plantronics CS70/HL10 DECT 6.0 Bundle Wireless Headset System with Lifter</a>&nbsp;and love it.  It fits perfectly, is full of volume and microphone adjustments and I don't notice it is on me.		I have also used the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Plantronics-Voyager-510-Bluetooth-Headset-Retail-Packaging/dp/B0009B0IX4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Plantronics Voyager 510 Bluetooth Headset [Retail Packaging</a>] as my primary headset with my previous Motorola RAZR and loved it.  However, when I switched to the iPhone 3GS, people couldn't hear me well anymore.		Upon first using the Voyager Pro, the other person sounded more digitized than the 510.  Also, my biggest problem with this headset -- the other person sounds quiet, tinny and distant.  I tried the various earpieces with and without the felt cover, but it was all the same.  In comparing the 510 with this model, the 510's earpiece goes much deeper into the ear canal, getting the speaker deeper in, creating a better sound and sealing out other sounds.  Even when pushing in the Voyager Pro, the earpiece collapses instead of going deeper in.		I had these hearing issues with the volume all the way up with the windows up in the car.  If I had the windows down, it would be impossible to hear.		I wasn't impressed with the controls of the Voyager Pro compared with the 510 either.  The power button is difficult to find and push compared to the 510.  The volume button are difficult to distinguish from one another.  On the 510, each has a different slope, making it easy to know which is which.  The answer/hang up/voice dial button forces you to smash the whole headset into your ear canal to activate and it is difficult to know whether you are pressing it.  On the 510, you could hear the button being pushed or let off and you could easily counteract the force with your thumb behind, keeping the earpiece from crushing your ear.		This is just not usable for me, I will be returning it.  Now back to the drawing board.
1,Everyone said they couldn't hear me when I spoke with them. Case Covered Mic		Tried to return the item but I had to travel for work so I couldn't get it back in time.		Suggest waiting on a revision.
1,order the second Moona in error but it was not worth it to pay shipping to returned it, its not heavy duty , doesn't protect the phone.not using it
1,2 cards fit nicely.  Hard to open without a struggle. Only used for a few weeks because of the difficulties with opening to use cards.
1,Probably because of the overly inflated list price I thought this was going to be sturdier, but it's no where near sturdy.  It's actually really cheap looking and feels flimsy.  The "leather" is not flush with the case and actually seems like it will easily fall off in a short period of time. It actually looks nice, but that's about it.  I doubt very seriously that it will give you any sort of impact protection at all.  There's no way this thing seriously has a $119 list price.
1,Didn't like it cause did not like the phone
1,I don't understand all of the rave reviews, this little thing just didn't do it for me. I couldn't get it in a place where it was comfortable to use. It blocked so much of my view while driving and I didn't want to stick the other little piece to any part of my dash and risk ruining the leather on my car. I also kept constantly hurting my fingers/hand with the part that holds it. It snaps back so quickly and got me a couple times. It went back..quickly. I ended up ordering this Omaker Phone Car mount instead and really love it.	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Omaker-3-in-1-Mobile-Phone-Car-Mount-Holder-Cradle-Universal-Smartphone-Car-Air-Vent-Holder-Dashboard-Mount-Windshield-Mount/dp/B015E5WCGA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Omaker 3-in-1 Mobile Phone Car Mount Holder Cradle Universal Smartphone Car Air Vent Holder Dashboard Mount Windshield Mount</a>
1,Just awful. No matter which vent I put it on it doesn't stay, falls off on the slightest bump. My phone either falls back onto my dash, depending which vent I tried, or Fwd then my phone feel out of it. I'm beyond upset. We have a 2014 Chevy Cruze, basically a new car. Just lousy setup by Chevy of where to place our phones when driving. This was a very bad idea. Wasted my money. Don't waste yours. Very cheaply made.
1,The belt clip broke the first day.
1,It may look nice and it does fit the iPhone well, but the quality leaves a lot to be desired. The volume control button covers fell off just after a couple of week's use.
1,Update:	The joint at the bottom completely melted/broke after a couple of months. Then the spring that is inside which creates the suction- completely broke and came out. It did not survive the summer. Mind you, it was left alone and not moved often. The claw held up, but not the bottom which was the most important, otherwise the device is useless.		------------------	I really wish the previous review was posted before purchasing this device. I was planning on having it on my dashboard but that is impossible because it only works on the windshield. It attaches to the windshield just fine, but no where else. I tried the dashboard, my stereo screen, I even tried the little window where all the guages are behind the steering wheel. Nothing works besides the windshield. I tried placing it as low as possible on my windshield but the little lock for auction hits the dashboard so I have to have it at an awkward angle. Major bummer!		The actual claw part that grips the phone seems pretty neat, it fits my iPhone 6 with a case without any issues. I can turn the phone anyway I need it to go, so at least that works!		If you want this on your windshield, this will work... Otherwise, look elsewhere!
1,The problem with this brand of screen protector is that the micro bubbles and defects go away, but they leave even worse damage in their place when they do. I'm not sure if mine was defective or not, but I waited 2 weeks for the damage to go away and it just never did. The representative who emailed me said that they should've gone away, and to re-apply it. After another week, thats all they told me and weren't willing to replace the obviously defective product. Customer service could be a little better. If my Zagg got ruined, I could just go into any Zagg store and get it replaced for $5, sometimes if I was in within a week or two they'd even do it for free because they thought it was defective. For you guys looking for a Zagg for the Droid Ultra/Droid Maxx, they do in fact make one, but you have to go in store to get it. I just think they've perfected the material better, and their lifetime replacement guarantee makes the $20 purchase worth it. Skinomi says lifetime guarantee, but its more of a guarantee that they'll tell you to re-apply it.
1,Seems like I have to charge it more often than what was indicated in other reviews. Cannot charge phone off it while it is charging. Don't like it did not come with ac plug. Too bulky. Had my spouse use to charge his Garmin. Says cannot use it when charging on the power pak. So far very disappointed. Felt spent too much on it for very little use.
1,This is not worth pushing  the bottom to view..Looks certainly doesn't matter in this case.. I only had it two weeks and the magnetic weights fell completely out of both ends.  It provides NO  protection. Don't waste  your time or money
1,Extremely cheap but works. I can complain about this screen protector but for the price it isn't terrible. If you're not willing to spend 15$ to protect your screen then this will get job done until you buy the more expensive one. When first applying my screen the screen just wouldn't line up at all regardless of how hard I tried so I just kept it on for a day or two and waited for my other screen protectors to arrive. Was it worth the money? I guess if you have a couple extra dollars to keep your device safe while you get a case or better screen protector
1,It was OK and it did its job until I dropped it one time, it broke in 2 pieces...you get what you pay for.
1,I know it's white but I thought you'd be able to wipe it & rinse it to clean it ... That's a no go it just looks dirty ...
1,came without earphones
1,This case is good enough for a very thin  phone protector , but otherwise it's useless.
1,It is a bit bulker than expected. The door for the cards broke within the first week of use. I would NOT recommend this case to anyone that might actually want to use the card holder more than 5 times.
1,it makes phone ugly. i didn't like it
1,I always have trusted Spigen it's a main every time I get a new gadget. But this time after 2 months of usage item started to wiggle it ain't as tight as when I installed it. I mean after a few months I expected to resist normal wear.
1,Not for every car. I own three cars and it only works on my Honda and BMW. If it worked for my Toyota then I would give it a 5 star, but it says its universal when it really isn't. Sorry OTISA. I wish I could give you a 5-Star, but i can't.
1,Took forever to get here and very light and magnet comes apart easily
1,I am really disappointed with this headset.  After doing a bit of research, and reading the reviews, I was looking forward to a great headset.  This one worked fine at first, but now, only a couple of months later, people keep telling me they can't hear me, there's background noise, and now it has started buzzing in my ear while people are talking to me.  I will be definitely calling Motorola and returning it.
1,Took forever to get here. Very pretty at first but very poorly made. My daughter used it for about a week and now the copper color is all faded.
1,It is not even worth of $8 - total junk!	The cable is too thin to support Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 So it takes forever to charge the tablet with this cable. Another flaw is very poor magnetic contact positioning, takes 15-20 sec to position it right so it can actually charge.	Don't waste your money for it! Rather go for Magnector X - that one at least does the job!
1,Awful. Turns color when you touch it,  totally inconsistent and looks/feels cheap. This is definitely a "you get what you pay for" item.
1,Broke instantly, bad packingaging.
1,The part become useless the cord internally shorts somewhere in the cord I have four defective cords. I spoke very highly about these charging but not now I won't.
1,Quality of it 9 bad
1,I bought this same product for my iPhone 6 and loved it. So I ordered this one for my Samsung S6 and it's not even close. First put it on and there were bubbles.  I had to pull it off and reapply and there were still areas around the edge that haven't sealed onto to the phone. This is driving me crazy but I'm living with it. I don't want to try and pull it off a again. I don't recommend this product for the galaxy S6.
1,The screen protector didn't fit the LG G5 very well and was not smudge proof. I'm not sure if the product claims to be smudge proof, but this screen protector was noticeably more difficult to clean than others Ihave used. In the end, I chose to remove the screen protector and go with a different brand.
1,Did not buy this case.
1,Was excited for this product then when I put it on my note 4 and I went to use my S pen it did not glide smoothly across the screen. I took off the screen protector it had on the case. The case it self is strong and great quality
1,I bought this phone because of the physical keyboard and ability to handle a lot of memory,  but this HORRIBLE phone has turned out to be the single worst phone that I have ever owned! It should be noted that I have been using cellular since 1995 and smart devices since 2000. So I have owned and used A LOT of phones! Here is just a "Few" problems that I have run into with the Blackberry PRIV. I didn't want to post every issue, because that would be way too long for someone to read through and I didn't want to be annoying. I could literally write a book "The Blackberry PRIV. The Phone Design That Ruined Blackberry! " or something. That is truly how bad this $700 hunk of junk is though! If you see any bad grammer,  you know who to blame! Blackberry's customized version on the Android OS! More explained belowm		But if your thinking about buying this phone, then please DON'T! If you have $700 that you don't want to spend on a better phone or something, then donate it! Wasting it on a Blackberry device, will end up putting you in a horrible mood, every single day, while you use this pathetically horrible phone! Which luckily for you, will not last anywhere near as long as the phone that you should have gotten, for the price that you paid.		The top two biggest problems with the PRIV, to me at least and backup by  Blackberry Tech Support. Which are issues that occur with all Blackberry Android devices. Firstly, the phone will not change while it is being used. So in order to start charging it, you have to either let it sit and not use it, which then takes several hours for the phone to charge completely. Or you can turn the phone off and charge. If you use the phone, while it is charging, it will actually lose power and eventually die. You can sometimes use certain low-power consuming apps, like Google Maps and the phone will then change, while using that app. But if you use more resource hungry apps or services, or multitask, then the phone will die. Secondly, the, what I like to call the "Nanny" feature. This is a service that exists in the Android OS, but Blackberry went crazy wuth, when they customized their own version if Android. Basically any word that Google & Blackberry find to be "Negative" words, are changed. So naturally curse words are changed and you have to keep retyping and doing other things, to keep them from being g changed. But these word changes also occur on such basic words as "Sexy". So if you text your partner and say they are looking Sexy, that word will be changed to such words as "Security" or "Such", ect. This Overly Protective Nanny, hasn't happened on any other Android device that I have ever owned. This seems to only occur with Blackberry's Auto-Correct version. Also, unlike other companies Auto-Correct,  this version NEVER learns. So let's say just say on my Samsung Galaxy S6. After I keep typing in "Sexy", the phones customized Android version,, will eventually just realize that is the correct spelling of the word that you want. But with Blackberry's Auto-Correct?  Nope! It will never, ever ever stop changing these words. Yeah, you can turn Nanny off, but that disables Auto-Correct altogether! Auto-Correct is actually a useful service. Flawed big time,  but still useful. Nanny though? NOT AT ALL USEFUL! Unless you like being treated like a third grader! Another issue with this most horribly designed phone, is the fact that it heats up constantly. I mean really heats up! To the point where I can see it easily catching on fire!  I actually have to use apps, to close out other background running apps, just to keep the phone somewhat cool. Like you can imagine, this has to be done constantly. Another poorly designed flaw built into the phone, the SIM and Memory card slots. Well the slots, have more issues then I can list here! One of the big reasons why I bought the phone, was because you are "Suppose" to be able to use a memory card, with a size of up to 2TB's, which would be awesome! The problem is, that the larger the card, the more issues you will run into with your phone. Issues like, the card coming in & out of being recognized, items/folders disappearing or the card not even being recognized at all. Sadly, on and on. Plus both the memory card and SIM card, have been designed to fit into the phone in the most accident prone way possible!  First off, you have to use a paperclip to open these slots. Secondly,  the trays are cheap and easily broken. I have been the a few myself, mainly the memory card tray. Thirdly, the way that the trays fit into the phone, sets up further problems, like breaking of the ports and/or cards. Forthly, the PRIV's card slots can basically just Junk your cards. Why? I have no idea and neither does Blackberry, but I have had cards that I formatted on my Chromebook, that I then tried to use on my PRIV and the card was Junked. I could go on about more problems that I have run into, just with the card slots, but you get the basic idea. With voice calls, the person on the other end, can not hear you at first. It takes a second or two, for them to hear you. It has also been impossible for me to make a three way call. One person always gets hung up on. It is also very difficult to add new contacts. The options where we are supposed to let you add contacts, don't work, in the way that they should. The phone also takes forever, whether on Cellular or WiFi, to upload / download pics through Text Messages. Ahh and yes, The Blackberry HUB is one of the most annoying apps that I have ever used! It is just simply Spyware, but I can't turn it off! It notifies me to sign-in all of the time and it will not stop nagging me to update it! The software keyboard is so mega annoying to use! Not just because of the stupid setup of Blackberry's am Auto-Correct, but even when I don't press the (Enter) key, the phone automatically does it anyways. I am serious,  I will not even be typing,  I am just reading a Web site and this stupid phone will press Enter and cause the Web site to reload, close or cause other apps to load , etc. You will also have times, where as you are typing, the phone will start running mega slow,  then Back-Space and delete a bunch of things that you just wrote. Then it will type forward again, then closeout altogether. Also, the side toolbar on the left, gets in the way of everything! It is setup for BlackBerry services, but I end up activating it all of the time, while scrolling and such. Another issue that you will definitely run intoi, as your charging port dies. Which it most seriously will. Is that the banner that pops up when you plug the charging cable into your phone, will keep poping up and then closing. To the point, where you will have to unplug the cable to actually type. But if you keep the cable plugged in, then the Battery Screen will keep poping up, which as you know already from other Android devices,  takes over the screen and us difficult to close-out. If you unplug the cable, then you will continue to futher damage the charging port even more so. The PRIV, like I would imagine on any other Blackberry/Android devices also has a mega slow long reset/restart time. Which leads into another pathetic design flaw. The phone has NO removable battery. So while this flaw alone leads to yet another book of problems,  will cause you to go through so many problems.  When, not if, then phone locks up, it becomes torture to reset the phone! Look on Google to see how how to how to do it. This non-removable battery (((FlAW))) will also force the phone to become Bricked, once the battery dies! Yeah....Wow Blackberry...Such A Great Idea, To Rip People Off Further!!!! Chrome Windows are also extremely slow to load, when you have over 30 opened, but dormant. This is an issue will all android versions so far, but with Blackberry's customized version of Android,  it is far worse. This version will also cause the browser to slow even further, lockup and then crash, as you go between different dormant Chrome windows. Never happened on any other of the Android phone that I have used before. But see Blackberry's version is special. It is like Blackberry read up on all of their complaints that other Android issues that people have complained about and then Blackberry specifically designed the PRIV to contain all of these issues!	You also can't automatically download files to the memory card. You have to change settings and download apps, in order to transfer the content from the phones Internal memory, to the SD Card. With the Spell-Check,  It doesn't let you choose a word from a list above the keyboard, like it normally is. It basically just types in whatever it wants to. You can see all of the possible spellings l, all over the keyboard, but you can't click on any of them. You actually have yo basically just keep typing I'm the letters and hope that the word will automatically type itself in. A fact that is both annoying and no where near ads effective.  With this problem, you have to Back-Space, in order to correctly add the words that you really wanted in the first place. You will figure out what I am swying, if you get stuck with this hunk of trash, but I guarantee that you will see why this way off doing things, like Blackberry wants you to do them, will bother you he you'd belief like it has for me. I honestly could go on for 100 more pages, but you should get the idea. Please message me if you can and I will try and help you in anyway that I can.		(((WARNING))) If you bought this phone, like me, with high hopes and are now stuck with it. (((PLEASE DO NOT))) try and get help on Blackberry's Help Forum! It is full of useless, rude, Mindless Drones and Trolls! People who will do things like, bash you or make it out to seem like the issues that you are facing, don't exist. Even when Blackberry themselves  have admitted that many of the issues that you are facing, are 100% Known Issues! FACTS! The people on that site, will go out if their ways to offend and not make any type if attempt to help!		(((FINAL NOTE))) Please be careful about buying into FAKE reviews! Companies like Blackberry,  will hire people and companies, to make their company and products look good. A lot of the positive reviews that I have read, are completely wrong and praise things that no one else likes. If the review posts little to no negatives and is basically all praise, then odds are, it is faje. It is fine to love a product or service that you love, but when your actually writing a review on it, you should posts the Good & Bad. These Fakers and Trolls, don't.		Please feel free to email me, if you are also stuck in the sane biat, where you now have a $700+ reminder, of literally the WORST Android phone built so far and maybe even possibly,  EVER!!! I will try my best to help you out.
1,Brazil - Gramado - Rio Grande do Sul		More than one month waiting for this case all the way from china, no track number and the seller replies by auto e-mail  - and I`m waiting for my refund so far nothing, if you look a case go by Otterbox Defender  - save TIME and Money  - I DON`T RECOMMEND.
1,The picture is pink. The actual case is copper. It's ugly and I hate it.
1,Not an intuitive design.  The rubber grips on the slant for your phone were not strong enough for my Galaxy Note 5 or my fiances Galaxy s6, they both slid right off.  Its not a flat surface, likely so you can view your phone better, but it just causes the phones to slide right off.  Also which our cases it wouldn't charge through them.  I had a fairly thick case with metal so I understood, but my fiances was just rubber and plastic, nothing fancy.  Returned the product due to lack of intuitive design and charging capability through cases.
1,The battery isn't much better then the Samsung I had. I still have to recharge throughout the day. I don't do a lot of talking on it. I do look up things a great deal, but it appears to drain too fast
1,I purchased this blue and black waterproof case for the Apple iPhone 6/6s and it was an absolutely perfectly fit for the Apple iPhone 6/6s phone! What came in the mail (and very very quickly, I might add, too!) was the exact same phone case that was described in its Amazon listing. What you see in this particular listing is exactly what you get in this case! (Pun intended, lol)		The blue waterproof case itself is a very vibrant color of blue, like almost as if it is more along the lines of a pastel blue. I have had it for only a few weeks now and it has held up nicely for regular use, but not so much for being waterproof.		This pastel blue and black iPhone 6/6s case itself does not block any of the ports, microphones, or speakers on the Apple iPhone 6/6s. With absolutely no interference and great ease, I was able to access all of the charging ports and headphone jacks with absolutely no problem when the case was on it.		Unfortunately, I did not find this case to be really so much waterproof. I had purchased it because I have very sweaty hands and I tend to go through a lot of phones because my sweaty hands wreak havoc on devices. I did not test out this case around bodies of water, just with my hands. Through normal use throughout 2 days (where the temperature varied from 80-93F) and my hands were their usually sweaty selves during those types of temperatures, I found that the case did not completely protect my phone from the sweat.  I had removed the case after 2 days and noticed that it was slightly damp on the insides of the case and that if left there, it would have eventually seeped into the phone itself. With that being said, I feel like that since this is strongly advertised as being waterproof but could not hold up against my sweaty hands after 2 days of normal use, it warrants only a 2 star review.		The case itself arrived very quickly, within 2 days that I had ordered it, using Amazon Prime. I loved how the packaging for the phone case was quite sturdy and secure. Additionally, it was quite discrete, too. The item arrived in absolute perfect condition with no cracks in the case or anything like that.		I would like to acknowledge that I received this product to test at a discounted price in exchange for an honest review. This does not influence my opinion about the product. I do my best to offer an unbiased and practical review from a neutral and "every day" person's perspective. I hope you found this review to be useful. (:		The discount has not influenced or impacted my judgment of this product. I take this seriously and include my own opinion and experience with each product. I am in no way required by the seller to leave positive remarks about their product. If you have found my product review to be helpful, please thumbs up this review.
1,I ordered this for my husband to charge his phone at work. He needed a longer cord, because he uses his phone while it is charging. He rolls it carefully, and keeps it in his front pants pocket when he isn't using it. It stopped working way too soon. Not happy with my purchase.
1,doesn't stay plugged into the accessory outlet.  It wiggles its way out, then my phone goes dead.  I think it would be a very good product otherwise.
1,Bad buy just don't work long just cup of days and the third one I order not a good buy
1,it was very hard to keep lint and litte tings from getting on the inside of the screen protector. i have an HD lumia 1520, the point is the screen looks great! why would I get it obscured? took the thing off and plan to send it back.
1,The review are correct, I thought that the sides being a little short wouldn't be a problem but when you look at it you can see the light, its not that great of a privacy protection.  People can still see what I am doing and they are still able to read a little of the message.  I am am little disappointed.
1,Does not gay charge my husband's galaxy S5.  Totally useless, does not really give out enough power to maintain current power level when used in the car
1,Hated it. Flimsy, popped apart, would not stay on. Donated it to my five year old daughter so she could pretend she has a cell phone.
1,Horrible product
1,Horrible purchase, piece of crap!
1,Meh, spend the money and go for the real thing
1,I purchased this item directly from the seller on 10/13 through their website. This was my first mistake. I desperately with I had Amazon's protection on this one. I received the product a week later on 10/20, didn't apply it till a day or two later.		The product feels, looks and fits fantastically. However the glue that adheres it to the screen (as noted by others in the 1 star rating area) doesn't seem to keep. After about 3 days I noticed the problem that many others described. I am attaching photos to demonstrate the problem.		I think the problem may have to do with the age of the product. The Nexus 5 is old, about a year old already. I imagine they made a bunch of stock, then didn't move too many because the Nexus line, like it or not, is a niche product. Then the people with issues ultimately are receiving that old stock with old adhesive.		The rest of this post related to the terrible customer support I received from Tech Armor.		I purchased this brand because I had a decent enough experience with them in the past. This time the experience was not nearly as good. It began when my unbelievably perfectly positioned glass protector began to lift at one of the corners, about 2-3 days into having it applied. I decided to contact customer support and avail myself of their advertised warranty.		The only way to get in contact with their customer support is via email. I sent an email, referenced my order number, listed the product name and the phone it was for, and included pictures of the problem. I got back an automated email that due to high volumes of requests, I may not see a response for up to 72 hours. Well, it was a full 72 hours later before I saw any response, and the response was an email asking to verify my shipping address. I was a little upset that they didn't just assume the address on the original order was right, but I shot an email out straight away confirming my address. I got a response 3 days later telling me that they'd processed a new glass for me and it was on it's way. That was Fri, 10/31.		Then there was a wait, till 11/10, which is when I finally received the replacement. And the replacement? A shiny new ballistic protector for a Galaxy Note 3. Wait, what? Yeah, and it didn't ship till 11/4, despite being approved on 10/31. Mind you, the original support request went in on 10/25. So, keep that in mind, folks, AT BEST, if you need support, it'll take 16 days to receive your replacement.		Naturally I let them know about the error and the ridiculous wait times in the least flattering way possible. I included pictures of the protector, and the included packing list showing the erroneously ordered Note 3 glass (yeah, the order was wrong). Amazingly I got a response back in 24 hours (that's 11/11 for those of you keeping track), that they were sorry and sending a replacement as soon as possible.		Today it's 11/24 and my mailbox still doesn't have anything in it (and yes, I got my mail today). At best it *might* arrive tomorrow or Wednesday, but I have no hope of that. I don't know where the item is. It is now almost a month and a half after my original order and I don't have a working product.		I have emailed them asking them to just process me a refund so that I can get some sort of protection for my phone from Amazon. In that time, my first choice of alternate purchase, the Tru-Shield, the highest rated glass for the Nexus 5, has become unavailable. I haven't gotten a response back, I doubt I will.
1,Does not stay clear very long. Changes from clear to yellow to brown. Therefore if you need a brown case you can sure start with this clear one. It will not cost you any more foe brown.
1,First, this rocker size outlet is too wide. I had to sand down the side to get it to fit. Scratched the side while sanding and the left side is now white. So that's great. Then, when I plugged it in, I saw the led was super bright. In the picture, it looks dim. Not what I was expecting at all.		Update: the top usb plug never worked. This thing is garbage.
1,It barely stays stuck to my dash board. Either my Galaxy Note 2 is sliding down the holder or weighing it down to where it comes unstuck.
1,I like this case. Simply because if one is paying $600+ for a nice phone, why pay for a case thats going to cover it and not able show it. Its clear which I like the most. I love that when and if you the light of the phone to flash or go off whenever a phone call or any notification comes in, a very cool, flash surrounds the entire case and glows especially at night. It's pretty cool.		The only reason I gave it 4 stars, is because the buttons on this case isn't so tactical, and is flat. It find that the on and off button on the side is hard to find and always find my self trying to figure out where the button is. Other than that... this phone case has a very nice grip. Quality is top-notch. No complaints. It has a tremendously snug fit! ! and Extremely hard to get off. Which proofs that it protects the phone if drops hence it having bumper guards on the edge.		Overall I love it. It's slim, thin, and transparent, able to show off the phone.		UPDATE 12-31-15:	It's just A.O.K....		I've had mine quite a while now, and after several months of hard use, it has turned slightly brownish, yellowish... and no longer that crystal clear look when it first arrived.		It does install very snug, EXTREMELY SNUG I'd say, and it's quite difficult to take off. But overall hence being snug, it does protect if it were to fall. The edges and bumper guards, does stand to its name, as I've accidentally dropped mine several feet high from my truck, and no cracks or anything on my screen. Quite surprised there.		CONS:	I just hate hate hate the fact that the buttons aren't tactical at all. AT ALL... you find yourself trying to feel where the buttons are to turn on/off the phone and to raise the volume. The buttons are flat.		The price, its not bad, but I'm looking for other clear brands, that the buttons are more raises and tactical.
1,Kinda cheap didn't work all the time...had to buy another charger
1,I loved this product until the hinge broke within a month of me owning the product. Very upset!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1,not happy with it. the charger get hot after aprox 1 hour of charging
1,The HP Slim  Power Pack looks great. It has colorful blue and white packaging that contains the unit, documentation and a cable. You can press the button to check the battery status or charge an item. Looks are deceiving. This power pack is a sad excuse for a charger. It arrives with a nearly full battery. I attempted to charge a Kindle Fire that was down to 30%. After charging the Power Pack to full, I attempted to charge the Kindle. It only charged until the Kindle was at 60%, then gave out! That is awful. It wouldn't charge a battery case to full. Even charging the unit itself is a chore. There are two USB ports and one micro port. When plugging in to charge the unit, it won't always charge. I had to plug and unplug several times to get the unit to charge. It won't always turn on and charge, even though it is plugged into a power source. It's like HP came up with a nice design and didn't bother to work on the rest. Functionality is hit or miss. A power pack is reliable, this is not. Look elsewhere for a reliable power source and skip this one .
1,Bought this for my droid turbo. Seems to be well built and the quality is really good. The issue I have is the fact that it is not a turbo charger as the posting stated. It takes forever to charge my phone. When you plug a turbo charger into a phone, a message pops up on the bottom of the screen that says "turbo charger detected". This one does not state that. I am unhappy with the purchase and will not be buying another one from this supplier in the future.
1,For some reason SD card is not recognized by the phone "SD card is not inserted".	I tried to use 3 different cards, also tried to reformat it with another Android phone, but it didn't work.		Other than that, i really like the phone. I wish everything would work and i could write a better review.
1,I prefer glass screen protectors over plastic for several reasons. But installation and feel being the most important one. Just as expected this one with super easy to install. It comes with everything you need for installation and is packaged very well.		In the package you will receive,		- the screen protector	- cleaning cloth, wet and dry wipes for cleaning, dust remover	The problem with the Glass Screen Protectors for the Edge is that they only stick on the edges not on the entire glass. So it leaves some weird pressure marks after touching the phone. It also looks like the screen is pixelated. So not very clear.		Thank you for taking the time to read my review. Please consider following me here on Amazon for other reviews. Thanks and have a blessed day.
1,The secind one cracked on my phone a week ago. I didn't drop it..  An the last one had issues with sticking to my screen it's coming off a around the edges
1,Junk
1,Application was easy and effortless. But after a few days of use I noticed that around the edges of the screen protector my keyboard presses were not registering as easily as before. Sensitivity is much worse around the edges, but the center seems to be fine. Yet if you press with judicious force then the key presses register again. Also the texture doesn't feel slick, it felt somewhat sticky. I ordered a glass type screen protector made by Ottorbox in the hopes of better sensitivity. But if it doesn't improve the sensitivity I might as well use the S7 without a screen protector.
1,I'm going to give this product a 2 star review for the following reasons:		1. The price is somewhat high.  I had the the note 3 and bought extra batteries just like this Caseology set and it cost me about	  15 dollars with shipping.  I paid 30 dollars for this set of 2 batteries and a charger so I'm actually paying double what I paid for	  relatively the same product I received last year.		2. The batteries have 2 problems:		  a.  The first time I drained one of the batteries all the way down to 0 percent and then tried to recharge it using the fast charger included with my Samsung Galaxy Note 4, it would not charge past 85 percent for some reason. I then took it out of the phone and put it into the wall charger that was included with the batteries.  It took about 20-30 min. to change color to a full charge.  I then took the battery out and plugged it in my phone; it was 100 percent.  I drained the second battery all the way down to 10 percent then used the Samsung fast charger, fast charged all the way up to 90 percent and would not go higher. Further, I took the battery out and put it into the charger and in 20-30 min recharged to 100 percent.  Happens everytime.  I want my phone to charge up to 100 percent whether it be with the fast charger or the wall charger.  Instead, I must go through this multi-step process when I want to use the fast charger. But, the batteries do charge fine if from the start they are put directly into the wall charger. They will charge to 100 percent without fail.  I had the previous generation of these batteries and they did not have the same problems	at half the price.		  b.  The batteries are hard to squeeze in and take out of the charger.  Almost without fail I have managed to	  drop the battery every time I either took the battery out or attempted to squeeze it in the charger.  It has this	  annoying fit that makes me have to shove the battery in to make it fit.  Sometimes I miss and the battery	  falls to the ground.		Charging will take roughly about 3-6 hours to charge from 0 to 100 percent which is greatly improved from the last generation Caseology batteries which took about 12 hours for one full charge. I would recommend this but at maybe 10 dollars not 30.		I have edited this review so to give it one less star from 3 stars.  I did this because just recently, after maybe the 4th time charging the battery, I used the battery and was attempting to recharge the battery again.  I've already mentioned the part where it's a bit difficult to fit the battery in the charger without having to exert pressure to allow the battery to fit comfortably into the charger so that it does not fall out.  This particular time, the battery took extra effort to fit into the charger, (partially because of the plastic teeth holding in the battery in at the bottom of the charger) but nonetheless it fit.  After bringing the battery to a full charge I took the battery out of the charger and attempted to fit the battery into the phone.  For some odd reason, the battery would not fit so I could not close the cover behind it.  I took the battery out and examined the battery.  I found at the bottom of the battery the plastic was becoming loose from the glue that held it to the battery.  (I imagine the plastic is there to guard the battery from drops and to allows it to lock into the charger).  I promptly moved the plastic back into its original position.  Hopefully the glue holds it back together but i'm not holding my breath.  I highly doubt that this battery will last for another 6 months of similar use if is already falling apart after only my 4th charge. I still have 2 other batteries but i'm highly disappointed in the build of the battery.  It was obviously made hastily.  You might want to go with a rival company battery set when considering extra batteries for your Note 4.
1,Wow, I was really impressed by this phone case. This was my first battery case. After having an iPhone for 2.5- years, I was pretty used to having to keep an eye on my battery percentage. This phone case has saved me from having to look like one of those crazy people drawn to wall outlets like a moth to a light. With any product, there are pros and cons. After using this case for some time now, I think I have come up with a list of the most important/stand-out pros & cons. So here goes:		Pros:	- I can go days without having to charge my phone. That's right people, DAYS. Before, I was having to plug in my phone midday in order to prevent the dreaded "20% battery remaining" message. As a college student, I use my phone a lot, whether I am streaming music while walking to class, shooting off emails, or on the internet using data. Because of this, my battery tends to drain pretty quickly. If you are someone who isn't on there phone as often as me, I'm sure the battery case's charge will last even longer for you than for me!	- The case feels very protective. My camera is protected on the back of my phone, even though there is a large opening/cutout. There is a lifted edge around the case as well to protect the front of the phone (the screen).	-With many phone cases (battery cases or traditional protective cases), I often find it hard to press the buttons on the side (volume, sound on/off, and power). This is not the case with this phone case! While I do notice that sometimes I do have to press a little harder on the buttons (specifically the volume buttons), I like that the buttons are a little popped out (the sides are not smooth as on some other cases, which ends up hindering the buttons). There is a cutout for the sound on/off switch, which is a nice size that makes it easy to easily flip the switch (I recently reviewed a phone case where it was next to impossible to flip the switch with the case on because the cutout was not big enough. This is a problem that I hadn't previously ever had to deal with, but now that I have, it is something I look out for when picking out cases).	-This case can be customized--  it comes with two shell cases for the front, a matte black that matches the back of the case and a "space crystal" one, which is sort of a clear, shinier material.	-I like that there are little lights on the back that show how much juice the battery pack has left, or how full it is while charging. It is nice to know how much energy is left so that you're not left with a nearly dead phone AND a dead battery case!	-The product pack comes with the official Spigen authenticity sticker thing, so you know you are getting a real Spigen case-- it's nice to know that you are getting the product that you paid for and not a fake one.		Cons:	-Something that I didn't realize (stupid me for not looking carefully) is that the charger that the battery case uses is NOT a lightning cable. It would've been nice if I could keep using the cable I was using to charge my phone before this phone case, but the case uses a charger similar to an Android. If you are someone like me who used to use an extra long lighting charging cable so they could use their phone while in bed/not right next to the outlet and you are also planning to use this battery case as your permanent/full time case (as opposed to your emergency/backup battery), you may want to invest in a cable like the one this case comes with that is a little longer. For this reason, I took off one star.	-The case is significantly heavier than a traditional non-battery case or a phone without a case. This may seem like a "duh" thing, but nevertheless, the change in the weight of your phone is something that you'll have to get used to.	-Since the case extends below your phone in order to connect into the lightning port, it makes the phone much bigger. Again, a "duh" thing I know, but I have little hands, which is one of the main reasons I purchased an iPhone 6s instead of an iPhone 6s Plus.	-The material the case is made of shows little marks where it has rubbed against something, or been scratched at/scuffed. While these marks can easily be rubbed away, it still can look kind of "meh". Also, if you get sweaty hands, use lotion, or somehow get Chapstick or something on the case and place your phone down on a table, people will be able to tell.		Overall, I think this is a quality product, and I am pretty happy with my purchase. I would recommend this product to a friend, but I would be sure to warn them about the charging cable situation beforehand. I used a promotional code to purchase this product at a reduced rate, and the opinions I have expressed in this review are completely my own an have not been swayed in any way.		UPDATE (3/5/2016): I'm afraid that I have to re-review this product. After using this product for some time now, I have found a few more flaws, the biggest being this phone case's lack of protection. Almost every time I drop my phone, I hear a crash sound and look down to see three separate pieces-- my phone, the back of the case, and the front, all scattered on the ground. I'm not sure what good a phone case is if every time you drop it, the case goes flying off. The only reason I haven't just gotten rid of this case is because of its charging capabilities. I'll probably just keep it in my bag/backpack from now on as an emergency back up battery or case for when I travel. Originally I had said that I would recommend this case to a friend, but now I've changed my mind. If you're in the market to buy a battery case, I would suggest looking elsewhere.
1,I used them in 2010-2011 for two months while visiting the US. It was $40 / month for unlimited everything.  It was straight forward, no tricks, no extra fees, but connectivity wasn't great and data speed was poor.  I wasn't entirely happy with cell service, but their website and customer support was easy to navigate through.		I didn't keep up the number, but I didn't actively tell them I would never use it again...in October, I learned that the number had been re-circulated!  I still have the SIM card...  Maybe this is normal, or maybe this is a mistake, but I didn't appreciate that my number was re-circulated inside of 9 months without notifying me.  I now have a T-Mobile, $30/ 100 talk min, unlimited text and data...I have better connect, not great, I'm NEVER at G, let alone G4 (as promised)...so it's not much better.		This isn't a bad option, as long as you aren't dependent on Data connection.
1,Super difficult to put on
1,Got this phone for my BF for Christmas. I should've read ALL THE REVIEWS first!  His phone RANDOMLY FLASHES  ON & OFF - sometimes when making a PHONE CALL.  Tech support (chat) told us that we needed to go into settings and uncheck "Flash Notifications" under "Display"... well it was NOT checked.		He has plenty of time left on his Tracfone account - yet he gets an error msg every time he tries to send a text now stating: "You have INSUFFICIENT FUNDS to send a message."  When he sends me a text, I get it but his phone will show it has it did not send.		I am told I have to mail in this phone b4 they replace it.		He was happy w/ a Flip Phone - but I wanted to get him this smart phone as it was cheaper than a lot of flip phones... Now I know why!	You Get what ya pay for! :-/
1,I want to like it -- durable, providing good grip, decently protecting (except the front) iPhone. But the clear case easily gets dirty/colored, for example, getting blue-ish when I put it into the back pocket of my jeans often. So I have to replace every several months. Which means $10 for every 6 months. Not a good deal. Probably don't buy it again.
1,They were ok. Not wide enough to fit the whole screen.
1,I bought two of these. Mine has a crack within a few days without dropping and my wife's cracked on one drop. Not durable at all!
1,Scratched to all ugly hell after two weeks of very very light use.
1,Does not fit, poor quality
1,my mistake for not reading reviews...does not charge phone like the picture shows...just has a slot to charge a extra battery ..
1,Very cheaply made!	I bought it and got the case, went to open the flap in the back and the thing broke the first time opening!	It's also so huge and bulky. I know that it was made to carry cards and stuff in the back but 1) I've seen cases like this a lot smaller and hold more stuff	2) You can only comfortably put MAYBE 2 cards in	Don't waste your money. The only reason I gave it 2 stars was for shipping and returning was fast
1,This cover keeps out beach sand. Tried the paper towel test and it worked with no leakage. The problem is that when it is on it renders your device practically useless. Reading phone screen becomes almost impossible and sending a simple text is frustrating. Did not try taking photos because just getting to my camera was a chore. Basically I am less than impressed with this product as it may offer protection but it not practical.
1,Did not work after 3rd day
1,I purchased this Glass screen protector from Ismooth for my Galaxy Note 5 and the fitment was the worst I have tried and seen to date. Not to mention the glass is so oversized it gets dust and halo effect all around the entire glass. I tried to reach out to customer service using their Email: Support@iSmooth.com address and I have not received a response as to buying the screen protector from Amazon and getting help from customer service. They have (0) ZERO customer help when you are stuck with a "Bad Product"		Also forget the phone number on the website (and matching product insert) because that phone number is disconnected.		WARNING::: DON'T BUY THIS PRODUCT, FITMENT IS TERRIBLE AND IT IS THE HIGHEST PRICE GLASS SCREEN PROTECTOR ON AMAZON!!
1,I really need to pay attention to where these products I buy from Amazon are coming from.  If this wasn't coming from overseas and I would have to pay a lot for return shipping, I'd have returned it. It's okay.  I have a Galaxy Note 3 and I find it a little small for my phone, meaning it will fit, but barely, and placing it in the holder is a 2-hand job to pry the bars apart and squeeze the phone in.  No mid-driving remounting is what I'm saying.  Also, after a few weeks, the thing fell off the windshield.  My previous one did that too, which is why I replaced it.  I put it in the top left corner of my windshield now and it's stayed on longer there.  We'll see.		UPDATE:  JUNK.  Once it comes unstuck from the windshield, it will never stay on again and successive tries to make it do so resulted in shorter and shorter durations until it wouldn't stay up for more than a few minutes.  DON'T BUY.  Lasted less than a year and is now in a landfill somewhere.
1,Car and house charger works great, however the cables worked for a short bit and one is not working at all. However I have contacted the company by email through Amazon and I am expecting a responce.
1,Lasted one week.  I am not hard on my phones, but this protector cracked with no apparent abuse.  I returned the screen protector and am trying another company.
1,All car chargers have a fuse breaker inside them to prevent overheating. The problem is this one overheated so fast it fused all the metal parts together and continued to overheat until the device melted. Thankfully my car fuse broke to prevent the entire car from catching on fire. It was a pain to fix the car one and my cigarette plug in the car would not work until I did.		Be careful of this, it could cause a fire in your car.
1,Product arrived damaged and with the box in good condition
1,Horrible it makes my screen look blue and grainy I would not recommend this to anyone this product it horrible
1,Too bulky. I never used it. I guess it protects the phone well, but it looks like a 10 year old phone when its in there.
1,Originally a 4star review, now update after a year of use:		Pros: the case that goes onto the phone is great with one caveat, the built in screen protector (see cons below).		Cons:	1) the built in screen protector is absolutely useless because of the cut-outs for the boom-sound speakers at the top and bottom, this allows copious amounts of dust and debris to get under it and wreak havok on your screen if you don't have a stick-on screen protector as well (kinda redundant but necessary if you're going to use the built in screen protector and you will find yourself regularly taking the case off so you can clean the crap out from under the built-in screen protector... a hassle and just plain ridiculous to have to do in the first place. I highly suggest removing the built-in and using a anti-glare (matte) stick-on style screen protector.		2) the top clip on the belt clip part of the case is the weak point and I have just snapped the second one in a years time... and the one that just broke took half the time of the first one to do so... I'm sorry but a rugged case that cost this much should hold up a whole lot better than that it's a weak peace of crap and I'm really upset at this point.		Other thoughts	the case that which protects the phone is the only reason you should purchase this case, if you want a reliable belt clip, either plan on buying something else completely, or plan on buying something that this case will fit into, because the belt clip that comes with this case is a piece of crap and has failed me twice now... probably my last ever otterbox purchase!!!
1,this case lasted no time. I would not recommend it to anyone and NO I would not purchase again.
1,This is an international version of a low end LG smart phone without LTE and only 1 gb RAM.  LG named this phone the G3 to trick people into buying an entry level phone at an mid range price. The G3 D690 has little in common with last years awesome G3 flagship. This phone is crippled with 1 gb of RAM, no LTE and very limited HSPA support on the 850 ( ATT ) band.  The Amazon sellers should be banned for misleading customers.		Here is a link to the specs:	http://www.lg.com/in/mobile-phones/lg-G3-Stylus-D690
1,el equipo llego malo y no servia, perdi el cel completo y no tenia arreglo, no lo compren no es recomendable
1,The cables work fine and were cheap but only 4 were in the package.
1,Was sold to me to use on Verizon. Wouldn't activate. Was charged a 30% restocking fee for returning it.
1,THEY EASILY BREAK
1,Took forever to get the phone activated. Not worth the price
1,it fits good but after  having this screen protector  for  3 weeks, it started lifting from the corner. I do not recommend  this product .
1,I received a spoiled phone. I order 2 BB 9800 and one was bad. I recommend other buyer to be careful
1,GOT THIS AND IT WORKED FOR A WEEK HAD A TON OF SCRATCHES ON SCREEN AND YOU COULD TELL IT HAD BEEN DOPED ALOT!  AND WHEN I GOT IT IT DIDNT HAVE THE CHARGER WITH IT!!!! DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE OFF THEM UNLESS YOU WANT TO WAIST YOU MONEY.... I DID THE REFUND AND NOW I HAVE TO WAIT UP TO 4 WEEKS TO GET MY MONEY I PAYED THAT THEY RECEIVED THAT DAY!!!!!!! VERY DISPLEASED. **** ID GIVE IT 0 STARS BUT I CANT****
1,too small
1,Just like some of the other ones i didn't read the full details. Even with a otterbox case it seems to have room for it to slide up and down.	Over all its pretty good.		Wasnt happy with Amazon. Tried to return it but would be charge $5 when the item was $7. yea made no sense to me either
1,Sucks doesn't want to stick around the edges
1,A serious pain to install or apply? I hope it last nearly as long as it took to apply it onto my phone?
1,It was washed, no color, as it is a black and white, you really can't see the black and white...washed out product!
1,In real life, it looks cheap despite the real leather.  The TPU shell looks really cheap.  it is also a very plain wallet.
1,Awful quality. One of the belt loops broke a few days after I got it. Since day one, the inner lining was peeling off and the phone screen got full glue from the lining every time I put it into the case. On top of it all, it is too big for the iphone 6 plus. Better get the "Iphone 6 Plus (5.5 inch) PU Leather Pouch with Back Clip and Magnetic Closure by Reiko" That is a great product.
1,I received this nice looking plug in charger in the mail and it worked for 3 days.  I sent it back and the seller refunded my purchase and was nice enough to send me a replacement  for free!!  That was very nice of the seller and I have no complaints with their swiftness to rectify the problem.  However, the replacement overheated and melted inside and stopped working.  I would advise buying only a Samsung original for the car charger!!
1,The screen seems to have smudges / scratches that won't come clean . Gets worse if you try to clean it.
1,Bad quality it's loose. It is really big like huge. If you got a big fat phone then still don't get it.	Really don't take the chance.		Shipping- pretty fast, arrived not broken
1,The case doesnt sit well. Maybe the one with the pleson name fits right not the blank one yall sent me.
1,Didn't switch to standby automatically when I would leave the car, hence a dead battery every time I forgot to turn it off or disconnect. This is enough for me to return. No automatic connection to my phone upon entry. I had to reach up and push a button everytime. If something doesn't make life easier, it's not a good design.   I also own a Jabra Freeway. Other than the FM function not working, the Jabra has been flawless and a great device. I charge it literally once every 4 months while I drive to work and back!
1,ONLINE ACTIVATION DOES NOT WORK.	Wasted $10 on this sim card that doesnt work.
1,Did not work correctly. Refunded.
1,Childish design and cheap case
1,Don't waste your money these do not fit properly and it doesn't hold the bluetooth headset correctly. I hate sellers like this, they should be banned from Amazon.
1,Absolute Junk. crooked cut, doesnt fit squarely. do not buy.
1,Low quality cables. These cables look and feel sturdy, but I've found consistently that they are very inconsistent and slow when charging. Sometimes I plug it in and it doesn't register that it's plugged (no charging icon, and the battery doesn't increase). Sometimes when I plug it in, if I'm playing a game or something battery-intensive, it just slows down the discharge, but doesn't actually charge it up. When I leave my phone to charge, assuming it actually does register that it's plugged in, it charges very slowly.
1,I guess I'm retarded or something but i had to keep reapplying it over and over to try and get it on I ran out of application fluid. Luckily when i was about to give up and throw it away, i read the box and Amazon sent me the wrong one anyway, so i got a full refund. I was supposed to get the Hi-Def version and i got Original. I'm going to keep getting my usual screen protector that like 3 for $5, they're super rigid and stiff making them simple to apply.
1,this thing sucks! I unplugged it 1 time and not even roughly and it WILL not hold a charging cord now. it's useless. I have to prop my phone on it while using the cord in the phone directly. what a waste of time and money
1,This does not fit the Blu Studio C 5.0, the camera will be blocked. ...completely.
1,Super cheap, had a few days and it's falling apart.		A week later its junk don't buy.
1,I literally forgot I ordered this thing that when it came in the mail I was wondering what the box was, that's how long it took to get here. It's nice and clear as pictured but it's very hard on top of the buttons so I ended up taking it off because I have to press extra hard on the buttons.
1,It was Destorted and Going in and out!! I'm in the process of getting my money refunded now!!It was awful!!!!!!
1,This case falls short in two areas: 1) absence of anti-slip materials, and 2) difficulty with normal function and design. As to the first, the material, though protective, is quite slick and will slip from nearly any surface. In other words, it almost renders the advertised protection necessary by virtue of this fact alone, even if one doesn't usually drop devices. The latter deals with the difficulty with which one interacts with the power/sleep button with this case. It is a stiff, unyielding material that negates any sort of tactile response to even the most solid press of said button.
1,case doesn't fit properly, the flap breaks after a a while.. honestly regret getting this case. But it's cute
1,I bought this for my original 2007 iPhone.  The one with the recessed headphone jack.  Remember that?  You had to use the then-new super-skinny headphone jack that came on the apple earbuds, or buy an adapter.  Well, the product description said it fit (it was later changed).  I contacted the company to complain, and they said I'd have to pay to return the item, which cost more than buying a new one.  So I threw it out.  Too bad.  Waste of time and money.
1,Rubber sticky layer came off after lifting off. Thats poor quality!
1,holds my phone fine, I guess but when I go to take my phone off the magnetic, it pulls off the entire thing, not just my phone. Not the best one I guess, but it was my first so I didn't know any better.
1,Ok
1,Ordered the first screen protector for my Galaxy S7 Edge and found it didn't fit well with my case. I then ordered the case friendly version and found that it fit well and looked good-for a short while. Now 2 months later I have dents or ripples in the screen. I have not subjected the phone or protector to any damage. I have replaced it with a more expensive protector that I have used many times in the past. I guess you get what you pay for. Upon removing this protector and applying my new protector it is apparent that this film is of a much lower quality. I could have requested a warranty replacement, but do not want to have to go through this every 2 months.
1,Awful! The case broke within a few day's use! :(	It started with a few cracks, now a piece of the case just  fell apart.
1,This fried 2 of my devices. They will no longer charge at all.
1,bad
1,First of all, this is NOT a "US Seller" as they advertised, and despite the fact their business is called LowerPrice USA.  They are in Hong Kong.  So shipping takes significantly longer than most Amazon purchases (10 days).  And then there is the protector itself.  I spent 15 minutes trying to squeeze the bubbles out from under this, to no avail.  Ended up just pulling it off and throwing them away.  Waste of money.
1,I feel lame, but I honestly couldn't even figure out how to use it. In addition, if you have a case on your phone apparently it won't work, and you won't catch me using my phone NOT having a case on it. Disappointed.
1,Horrible product, bad quality, cheap silicone. Image of elephant is blurry, not clear at all. I threw it in the trash as soon as I got it, didn't even use it. Don't recommend.
1,Omg. Got a few bucks to waste? Want a good laugh? You better if you buy this. The green part literally crumbles to pieces as you handle it coming out of the package. We must note the different cases in reviewed pictures. Mine is for the fluorescent green. P.s. 3 seconds it lasted.
1,I'm not sure if it has something to do with this being on such a small display as opposed to a phone, or if these can't handle getting a little bit wet from time to time, but I've got so much orange peel, wrinkles, & waves on here, I'd be better off with scratches on my watch.		I've used this type of protectors on phones & tablets (and even on a pebble watch), but I'd always bought Skinomi. I've never had issues like this. You typically always have some imperfections when you first apply, even after it dries, but they've always gone away after a day or two. It's been two weeks with this product and it's only gotten worse. I had a couple of orange peel spots when I first applied, not only have they not gone away, but a bunch of waves & creases have shown up.		As I said, I have gotten it wet a few times. I don't think ArmorSuit lists this as a waterproof product, but it's designed to protect a water resistant device. They should at least add a disclaimer for these if that's the problem.
1,I bought because during a drive I make 2 to 3 times a month I loose service for about 5 miles.  I wasn't expecting too much from this product.  I just wanted it to boost the signal for those couple of miles.  Not only did it not help but it disconnected me from the network completely and I had to remove the phone from the cradle,  turn it off and restart it in order to connect to the network again.  I really wanted this to work so I read the instructions again and made sure it was all connected correctly then tried it out again.  Same results.  So I had to send it back.
1,This product was definitely not for me. The letters on the circles were horrible. They were faded look superduper cheap please reconsider before you buy this product.
1,I sent the case back. #1 it was super bulky. #2 I was barely able to turn the dial on the side of the watch. I had high hopes for this case bc I wanted a clear case :(
1,I don't write negative reviews.... I guess now I do. The cable worked when we first purchased it. Only days later it started to work only when it felt like it. We'll watch a movie and it will work 90% of the time. The rest of the time we're watching the movie from our Galaxy S5. Same thing happens with both our Galaxy S5's. Frustrating! Now looking for a replacement. Any suggestions?
1,the case looks so pretty from the picture. I thought that it was like actual glitter, so when I got the case, I was super upset. It looks like some open paint on a Windows 98 and scribbled some black and gold colors and just sent it out to the printers. NOT AT THESE PRICES. Ya girl trying to get her sparkle on.
1,Did not fit not as seen the vol and on of slot was not cut out as seen in photo i had to cut it out myself because keys wount work rite overall. Not good at all
1,This cover has proved to be the worst I have bought (and I have bought quite a few).  After using it for less than a few months, the credit card case's "lock" (tab) came off so it does not serve the purpose of keeping my credit card and license in it. Upset about this as it has happened with the last three cases
1,SUCH A BAD BAD BAD PRODUCT. FEEL APART !!!! ITS NOT LEATHER. CHEAP PLASTIC. DO NOT TOUCH IT NOT FOR A DOLLAR. I ALMOST LOST MY 970 $ I PHONE 7 BECAUSE OF THIS CRAP THING
1,Didn't really fit well on the back of my phone and left a small but noticeable gap.
1,It smells weird.  No wristlet attachment.  Looks better in the photo.
1,It's was great for maybe 2 weeks then it stopped working
1,Not what I expected at All!!!!!
1,It looks cool, and the feel of the screen protector is great.	However, it distorts the light coming out of the screen and makes it less clear. Do not buy this if you are prone to headaches, and like to use your phone to watch movies.
1,Very disappointed in this product.  I have purchased numerous glass screen protectors from Tech Armor, never using the warranty because they generally great products that when need replacing is because they have done their job.  This one just peeled right off the screen never adhering well.  The plastic outer edges flex too easy causing a ever growing cap between the plastic and screen.  I gave up and took it over.  I ordered a normal glass screen protector to replace it.
1,Didn't fit my iPhone 4, way too big. Threw it in the Goodwill bag.
1,Doesn't fit poor product buyer beware
1,The cable doesn't even fit snugly into my iPhone 5 port. it wiggles laterally. This seller is selling crap and is lying about it being Apple certified.  Do not buy this product if you want a cable that works.
1,The "600mA" charging figure is dishonest.  I plugged in an OEM Samsung S4 battery that was down to about 5% battery life.  6 hours later it wasn't done charging.  I plugged it into my phone and it was only at 92%.  87% * 2600 mAH = 2262 mAH charged.  2262 / 6 hours = 377mA charging rate, not even close to the 600mA figure on the sticker.
1,This is the latest Voyager edition and Plantronics made significant changes to the fit so that the earpiece is considerably higher than in previous models (the downrod holding it is shorter).  What this means is that if you found the previous model comfortable, then you probably won't get the same experience with this model.  Letting it rest over my ear without putting in the earpiece has the earpiece resting about 1/4" over the ear canal.  Plugging it in, means that downward pressure is applied and the top of my ear is slightly pulled down to accommodate the earpiece.  While providing a snug fit, this quickly becomes uncomfortable.		Sound quality is similar to previous models.  The only difference I've noted is that the sound seems just slightly more tinny, and almost has a slight hiss at times.  The sound seems smaller if that makes any sense.  Volume is not as bad as early models, but doesn't seem as powerful as the previous model which finally seemed to address some of the volume issues.		If you use the headset in your right ear, you'll be dismayed to note that the mute button is reversed from previous models and is now on top.		Horribly overpriced given that the previous model has the same quality but more comfort for half the price.  The travel case is now even more expensive since they can't price-gouge you for a desktop stand as well - but it's rubberized to help with staying put when used as a desktop stand, but that sucks if you mainly use it for a travel case as it catches when inserted/removed from pockets or bags.		I had high hopes for this model but should have paid attention to previous reviews. I'm returning mine and ordering a new Voyager Legend (previous model) for half the price.		This model will probably work if you are a left-handed person and are small or at least have small ears.  I'm 5'9" 175lbs with normal sized ears and it doesn't fit comfortably at all.
1,Stopped working not long after I bought it.  :(
1,It  broke as I was trying to put on my phone. Did not realize it was that delicate. Bummer
1,The reason why I gave this one star is because I don't know when this is charged or how much charge is left in it after use.
1,I was excited about this purchase. I got my new S4 and have always liked Folio cases. This one however is poorly designed and doesn't work as intended.		First of all, where the S-View window is attached has started unraveling after a few short days of use. This isn't the most annoying aspect however. The case doesn't fit flush over the screen, and this causes the phone to think that the case is being opened and closed constantly. As you can guess, the battery life suffers as a result. A simple magnet latch that holds the S-View flap on the screen would have been great. I have had many cases with such a feature. I thought that the added weight of a credit card on the inside would give enough weight to hold the flap down on the screen, but it doesn't. I have stopped using this case altogether.
1,Specifically says Galaxy S7 in the description, does not fit the S7. I can see (now) that the opening for the cam is different. Don't really care how cute if I can't use it. I don't want to go thru the hassle of returning. I have no use for the case (see pics) as the camera opening is different. Now I have to get yet ANOTHER case. (angry face)
1,Left my phone sitting on this charger overnight and it only charged it from 15% to 60% (Did this 3 nights in a row with about the same results)		It also makes my phone INCREDIBLY hot. I know these wireless chargers cause heat, but I can't even pick it up for about 3-4 minutes after I take it off the charger. I will be returning these and going with a Samsung brand.
1,Some features, like the kickstand - I love.  Some of the others - I hate.  I have had this case for about a week now.	My biggest problem is getting the phone in and out of the holster.  It fits so tight that it takes me awhile to get it into	the holster enough to make it latch.  I thought it was latched a couple of times and it wasn't.  On one occasion, it	fell out on the floor in a restaurant.  Fortunately, the case gives good protection to the phone if dropped.  I would give	this more stars if it was easier to fit into the belt holster but it does not seem to be loosening any so far.
1,stops working within 2 months
1,It broke as I was putting it on my watch. I pressed down to apply it and it cracked.
1,didnt fit the phone woth a damn... just threw it a way after getting it.
1,I needed a replacement cable for my tablet and took a chance on this one.  Unfortunately the unit I received didn't work. It seemed to be somewhat cheaply made. I ended up with a Samsung charging cord, and that now works perfectly.
1,It came on time but it didn't fit the phone at all! Asked about a refund but no label printed. Booooooooooo!
1,Sorry it wasn't good for me...the screen protector was way too big for my phone...besides the other product that came with it was good for me
1,Do not buy for use in the USA.
1,Horrible case. Too large, looks like crap, smudges up easy.
1,Lasted for about 2 months and now won't charge anymore, I have used cheaper chargers for way longer
1,Update: The outer casing won't stay on. It has very little elasticity. We have to keep tucking it under the buttons to secure it. Its aggravating. I wouldnt recommend.
1,Very nice but never got to use it as my mail was stolen
1,Too thin. This cover did not protect the screen at all
1,It took forever to charged and doesn't hold a charge.  Item returned.
1,Here we are after little over 1 month of use the battery swelled up and now it won't fit in my Note 3. This item is supposed to come with 18month warranty but no instructions on how to initiate the claim.  Hmmm
1,Broke easily poor quality.
1,I do not recommend! After having for 2 days the soft "not slip" material is coming off. I can lightly rub my nail on it and it will come off. Can't imagine what it would look like if I hit it against something. NOT WORTH YOUR MONEY!!!!
1,THIS IS NOT A REAL S5.  WARNING. I took this phone to best buy and they look at it and said that is a knock off. I almost brought an iPhone 6 because of this crap but I glad to know that is one is a FAKE and is not unlocked worst gift ever
1,I've had two Sprint plans, each with a Palm Centro, for 12 months and 18 months. In that span, I've replaced the first Centro once and the second Centro five times. These phones are not dropped, abused, or exposed to moisture beyond that of a jeans pocket. The first Centro from the later contract was used for 45 cumulative talking minutes and spent its entire lifespan in a leather case on a desk.		You might wonder what issues have led to these replacements.		The data connector on the bottom of the phone is prone to weakness and moisture damage. Two separate Sprint repair reps have acknowledged this to me. When the connector fails, the phone enters a Hotsync loop, repeatedly attempting to sync itself with a nonexistent data cable until the phone battery dies. Resetting the phone rarely fixes the problem, and once it occurs for the first time, it will happen again. Sometimes the phone can appear to boot properly, but begins to loop if you attempt to access particular applications, like your contacts list.		A second failure point is the headphone/microphone jack. When you plug a headset into this jack, the phone automatically disables the onboard speaker and microphone. A problem arises when the phone thinks you've plugged in a headset when you haven't. When this happens, the speaker phone icon disappears on connected calls, and neither you nor the other person can hear each other. The solution is to plug and unplug a headphone connector until the jack works again, but as with the data connector, this is only temporary fix.		My fourth Centro was literally brand new when it failed. I'd had it for a day and a half. When I pressed the red button to turn on the screen to check the time, only the keypad lit. The screen had failed. As I could still receive calls, the rest of the phone appeared to work. After twice pulling and replacing the battery for a soft reset, the phone no longer worked in any dimension. This is also common; soft resets sometimes fail completely, and you have put in a different battery to make the phone try again.		What's painful about all this is that I actually like the phone. The Palm operating system is graphically dated, but intuitive and quick to use. Call quality is high. There are throngs of third-party applications for Palm OS. The keyboard has plenty of tactile feedback for accurate text messaging even with my large hands. Battery life is about a week on standby. Sprint's coverage of the Atlanta-Midtown area is excellent; I've only had two calls drop in the entire span I've used my Centro. On the merits, the phone deserves 4 stars.		And yet, I can't give it that rating because I can't trust it. I've been put in some very awkward social situations because of an inability to access my contact list or make calls. Were I prone to emergencies, having a Centro as my sole phone would be very uncomfortable. Since Palm is unwilling to address any of the issues above in a hardware update, I can only say that if you must have this phone, buy the $7/month Sprint replacement package. Palm's warranty turnaround time is upwards of three weeks. With Sprint, you can have a replacement in-hand within a day regardless of why the phone failed.		About a year ago, I wrote this review of my Centro:		"Sizewise, it fits easily into a jeans pocket, though the finish is so slick that it's also easy to drop. Texting is almost excellent but for one quirk: where most phones will split an overlong message into two, the Centro just refuses to accept any characters beyond 160.		The Sprint version of the Centro comes with instant messaging for AIM, MSN, and Yahoo. No Google Talk yet, but that and the other services are available with a third party program called Mundu. Phone functionality and the contact list are well-implemented, though I wish they'd use more of the touchscreen to show the button icons.		Battery life varies with the features in use. Some users report that activating push email can cut it dramatically. Leave that off, disable Bluetooth, and have the phone automatically turn off at night, and you can see up to a week of standby.		There are a few advantages to the Centro:		* The base of applications is huge because Palm OS has been around forever.	* It's faster in use than most of the Windows Mobile phones, stable, and simple to operate. It is possible to slow it down if you install too much garbage.	* You can tether the phone to a laptop with PDANet or USB Modem if you have an unlimited data plan, and you won't have to pay the monthly PAM ("Phone As Modem") fee. A moderate 3G signal yields a download rate of about 30K/s (0.24 megabits); I've seen upwards of 100K/s (0.8 megabits) with a strong signal. This is enough to replace hotel broadband and the like.	* It's a competent personal organizer.		And a few disadvantages:		* No Wifi receiver.	* The integrated browser ("Blazer") is awful. Opera Mini 4 is a must-have replacement, but while it succeeds in rendering pages properly, the Centro's screen is so small that web browsing becomes a just-in-case feature rather than something enjoyable to use.	* Touchscreen functionality is awkward for similar reasons. I do almost all input and navigation with the keypad or the stylus.	* Minimal eye-candy. The OS feels very 2001 because.. that's when it was made. It looks about five generations removed from iPhone, but the usability is still quite good. Pretty costs more.		The Treo line is mostly equivalent to the Centro, except with a larger keyboard and screen, better battery life, and Wifi. The advantage of the Centro is that it's pocketable. If you intend to use a belt holster, the Treo is preferable."
1,Used both screens and was unable to install without a few bubbles. Followed directions exactly. Still no sucucess. I am leaving the last protector on as I value the scratch protection more. On the positive side, the feel of the screen is actually  better than the phone's screen.	UPDATE:	I have replied to emails from motion several times to no avail. I have a sneaky suspicion that omotion and another screen protector company on Amazon are one in the same. Both write English very poorly, keep telling you how they wish to send you a replacement, and do nothing. We all know AMAZON reads these too. Let's enforce what these companies write!
1,Very bad quality when it came all the adapters were all over the place like they just threw it in the packaging
1,Meh at best. Don't know if this will really provide any protection.  Wish I could have tried first. The grip is a little slippery. Button covers feel incomplete and worthless. Easy to get on and off at least. For the price I guess it's ok
1,I purchased this spare battery charger about 2 years ago.  Unfortunately, the mini USB connector is broken, and I am not able to charge a battery in this charger.
1,does not fit well with note 5 as described
1,I'm giving this one star only because I am required to at least rate it with a star.	This case is GORGEOUS! Yes, it looks super good on my phone but that's about it.	I had two of these cases and both of them broke within 2 days of them being on my phone. Not to mention, they both break at the exact same place which is at the top-left part near the volume buttons!		Unless you are going to a formal party and you're feeling some sophistication in your phone, I wouldn't recommend this case. Absolute garbage!
1,Does not work with My Amazon Fire Stick and Samsung TV Combo. Keep telling me power Supply is not sufficent.
1,bad item
1,It's Ok for a simple phone
1,Although this case is an improvement over the Clear Case for the Galaxy S6 Edge, it is not much better.  Yes, it is very slim, clear, and shows off the form and design on the Galaxy S7 Edge very well.  However, it retains the same problems of being very scratch-prone, slippery, and allowing dust and lint to slip in between the case and the back of the phone.  I was hoping for a different coating this time around for the back of the case to minimize fingerprints and smudges and resist scratches better.
1,Nice packaging, great price, went through all 3 protectors within a week and a half. I leave my phone in my back pocket and its already scuffed and covered in scratches out of nowhere. I never sit down with my phone so I'm guessing the plastic button from my slacks scratched/scuffed it? Would give 5 starts if they were a little stronger.
1,Nice looking case that feels very sturdy and protective. Buttons on the side broke within 2 weeks of having product.
1,It's very weak and my phone cracked from a very small fall
1,This case pushes the volume down button with no interaction and does not fit the phone, how can that even be possible?
1,Update 3/3/18:The so called hard bumper plate is ceacked. The first one was around the charging port which I accepted, then 3 days after the area covering the vibrate switch broke  in half.		Perfect nimalistic look. Can't say so much for the packaging. It looked like it was skimmed across a concrete floor.	Major flaw, you can't access the ringer/vibrate switch unless you have long fingernails or use a pen tip.
1,The product works well and provides good protect my reason for the low rating is because the protector I received had a scratch on it. Other than that this provides excellent protection.
1,When I received the product in the mail the protector was already broken. Very disappointing. Need to do a better job and concealing the product the packaging didn't look damaged but the product was.
1,Received wrong one
1,Initially the cover looks pretty well made and fashionable... but issues starts the moment you put it on. Is not easy at all to put it on because is just to tight. Is not an issue if you are not planning to take out the phone regularly however due the way the charger cover is cut out you won't be able to fit correctly the standard Motorola charging cable. At the end the case broke a couple of months on. Another issues is that it get dirty FAST
1,This is a crap
1,The case broke after 2 months.
1,didnt work me me
1,I'm not happy with the condition of the case when it arrived today. I have attached a photo. It is all scratched up! Other than that, it fits the phone but doesn't fully grip the sides. I like the mirror on the back, but would like it more if it wasn't so scratched up.
1,Got this one for my daughter, it was filthy within a week and she ended up taking it off as it would not stay connected after a month.  As with any other item you can get on Amazon for under 5 dollars, you should not expect the best.
1,It does not fit. I watched the installation video three times, followed the instructions but I couldn't get the screen protector on to the Apple Watch.	I couldn't get the edge portion of the cover come down nicely onto the Watch screen and remain as in the installed video.
1,This case is very cheap looking in real life. the "bumper" is just thin plastic that bends out of shape very easily.
1,I am only giving this case one star be aside that's as low as I can go . The case was cosmetically pleasing - seemed to snap into place easily and correctly , but would not allow any use of my home button . I removed the case and applied it to my father in laws iPhone 5c and had the same results , no working home button . I am in the process of returning this case and very disappointed .
1,The phone doesn't recognize the battery. It goes dead within an hour! It looks good and fits well but it is not practical for use.
1,Very slick hard to grip
1,Horrible! Sound is bad ! Want stay in place..... Would not recommend
1,It's the worst ever
1,The case has not held up well at all. both the silicone and the plastic casing have torn and broken in multiple places.
1,Although my phone has been ok, lackluster, but ok, my daughter has been through a nightmare over hers. Her phone is activated, but when she tries to make calls, it claims it is not. Same for text. Online her account looks fine. Phone says activated. But it isn't. Hours on the phone to tech  support. Call back promises. ha. Have it working in 24 hours. Nope. They've screwed up her phone number, and now the phone won't work at all. Already sent one phone back.....Nobody can seem to figure out anything. Did I mention the hours we've spent on the phone? Or transfers and being on hold? You may be lucky and not have any problems. God help you if you do have problems.
1,Sent back came broke
1,didn't work with my Samsung fast charger, had to return it, left a sour impression for me to buy another similar device
1,"Easy" is in the title of this product.	I've got three hours of trying to get service for a phone that AT&T's website verifies as compatible that contradicts this.	Don't waste your time.
1,Update: Pretty dissatisfied with how this has held up. Less than a month and the screen protector is already lifting up in a corner. I don't use any cases that even come close to pushing on the edge - a Rhinoshield bumper and a Google Live case and they both fit fine with room to spare with the protector. Extremely disappointing.	Original review: Very happy! First time I've had a screen protector on my phone since at lease 2010. Went on perfectly. I have my own microfiber cloths I used, then I used some compressed air, the included wet wipe, and then some compressed air again. Took me a bit to get it aligned correctly, but once it was on it settled great. The only problem I found is that my Supcase Unicorn Beetle case won't fit without pushing the edges up. I'm not really surprised.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Nexus-6P-Case-SUPCASE-Google-Nexus-6P-Case-Cover-2015-Release-Unicorn-Beetle-Series-Premium-Slim-Hybrid-Protective-Case-Bumper-Frost-Black/dp/B015X90UJS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Nexus 6P Case, SUPCASE Google Nexus 6P Case Cover (2015 Release) Unicorn Beetle Series Premium **Slim** Hybrid Protective Case / Bumper (Frost/Black)</a>&nbsp;However, my Rhinoshield&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Nexus-6p-Case-Black-RhinoShield-CrashGuard-Bumper-11-Ft-Drop-Tested-NO-BULK-EggDrop-Technology-The-Only-Thin-Lightweight-Yet-Protective-Bumper-Case-for-Nexus-6p/dp/B01BBYN8HU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Nexus 6p Case [Black] RhinoShield CrashGuard Bumper [11 Ft Drop Tested] NO BULK [EggDrop Technology] The Only Thin & Lightweight Yet Protective Bumper Case for Nexus 6p</a>&nbsp;works just fine! I have a Google Live case on the way, and I'll update my review once I receive it.		But overall the protector has a great feel, and the rounded edges are really great. The oleophobic coating seems to work really well. And that's a good thing, since that was the main reason I wanted a glass screen protector - I've worn the coating down on the actual screen and I'm tired of constantly wiping it.
1,Not Happy with item. Doesn't Look like picture. On the case there's No Glitter or Sparkle, It was Fake. Case is Not pretty
1,Ok
1,It does not fit on jack so I have to push it every once in a while.
1,Parts of the screen couldn't be used after applying. Very frustrating.
1,It takes a steadier hand than mine to put this on.  It went on all right, but it was NOT bubble free, and using the cloth wrapped around my fingers did not result in successful removal.  The advertising says it can be removed, but removing and reapplying it only made it worse.  I eventually crumpled it up and threw it away.  Cheaper may produce some small bubbles too.  But they're a lot cheaper.
1,Unfortunately it stopped working less than two weeks after getting it. It's heading back to Amazon as defective.  Well-designed minimal case with a good feel (not very protective) but no longer charges wirelessly. Tested on two wireless chargers - Samsung S8 works perfectly on them.
1,One of the bling come off.
1,Didn't work
1,Purchased this case 1/14 and by June is already non-functional.		Battery lights up as though it's charging appropriately. When 'fully charged' and plugged into phone, it does nothing. They make YOU pay for shipping to return their garbage device back to them! Unacceptable!
1,Broke after a few uses.
1,The bottom part of the case falls out.! i don't like thats !	did receive this to review.
1,Broke very quickly
1,Not worth your buy. The actual case is cheap and just spray painted. Not what you expect
1,It okay
1,OK....
1,Some certain products like this phablet should had been reviewed amazon first before been allowed to be LISTED FOR SALE I bought a toy and it had developed fault as if a TV without s station is ON.
1,Looks good on the phone, feels nice and service was fast and smooth BUT the buttons don't line up between the phone and case making the lock button and volume keys useless. sucks cause it is a nice looking and feeling case.	UPDATE: maxboost reached out to me as soon as my review went up and confirmed the fit wasn't perfect and they're are making revises and will send out a proper case soon. I'm pushing it up to 2 stars for great CS and we'll just have to see if the new case bring that 5 star experience.
1,just don't get it  Mine came messed up
1,Got this phone and after hours of being on the phone trying to get it to work, it did not work for my chose phone company and was not happy. I think not enough description was offered. But anyway sent it back and was happy it ended well. It was sleek, nicely crafted. but be aware not all phone company's can link into this phone. Not good for magicjack customers is surely does not work with App at all.
1,O K just wish Rubber Tips were bigger, could scratch screens
1,I purchased this the tools are great , but my screen did not work!! and it was not that I fixed it wrong because after finding out it did not work I put my shattered screen on and it worked fine ! so it was this ordered screen ! I do NOT recommend to purchase from this seller!
1,*UPDATE: Because the item was "beyond the return time period" I contacted Amazon directly about the issue and Amazon offered a FULL refund and sent me a return label.  I will not change the rating however because it doesn't reflect on the item itself.  Again, THANK YOU AMAZON for your quick resolution to my issue*		Let me first start off that I've been with the iPhone since its inception, and in that time I've been through literally dozens of brands from Incase, OtterBox, etc., to even Lifeproof cases. I chose the Element Case Solace because when I saw my buddy have on his iPhone it looked VERY sexy and most of all I loved the sleekness of the case. Obviously it was much more expensive than your common case, but i thought it was possibly the material was sturdier so it would justify the price.		WRONG!!		I've only had it for a few months, and the other day I accidentally bumped it off a dinner table and it hit the kitchen floor, when I picked it up, it had a clean break near the corner of the case. ABSOLUTELY WORTHLESS now, $80 down the drain. I've even tried to salvage with super glue, gorilla glue, and in desperation, freaking epoxy; and every time it NEVER holds.		I know many of you, like myself, "baby" our phones; don't put it in our pockets, handle it carefully when standing up, etc. but accidents WILL happen, and you would like your case to at least survive on more than one occasion. Thats why we bought a case in the first place! I have never been let down this badly on paying for a iPhone case ever. I might as well go back to the LifeProof case; its the same price and I can torture it!		Fail on you Element! I gave it two stars because admittedly, when it was intact, I got a lot of ooohs and aahs from friends and family, but after one drop, now I gotta go back and tell them not to get it!		If you're reading this now, and you're still convinced you still want to buy it, BUYER BEWARE, because it is a $80 fragile case. Sheesh.
1,It kept pushing my screen protector off
1,The case didn't hold up well the trimming was defective. The cases trim started to peel shortly after delivery. This should have been a return no questions about it..
1,Cheap clip broke in 3 days needs a more durable clip
1,The holder feels tight for my iPhone 6 Plus, and within a few months it snapped & broken. Other connecting parts required constant tightening.  Maybe iPhone 6 Plus is too heavy for this product?  I need to order different brand.
1,Looks pretty, feels good on the hand and it broke 3 days after I started using it. The spinner clip broke off the main body and my phone  hit the deck ......twice.  it didn't get a third time.
1,Not sure what people see in this thing. This case is just a cheap piece of blotchy colored plastic. And mine was dented on both sides. It took me all of 30 seconds to decide it was going back. The pictures here are very deceiving. This case is literally just made of cheap hard plastic. Would not recommend to anyone. Even if the case was not dented upon arrival, I would still send it back.
1,I had other cases from Elago before and was very happy. This particukar model looks nice but the seam construction of the front cover is not very duration. The ID pocket starts to rip on the side only after two months and I handle my phone very carefully.		Will not by again!
1,it's... okay. it lags and gets hot. my old htc desire 816 ($90 brand new) felt faster and more responsive than the m9. the only reason i bought the m9 was because i was so impressed with the 816. i like the screen & size, and the speakers are okay (the 816 also has better speakers). scrolling through apps like google music is super choppy, which does not happen on older cheap phones - which i don't really understand. i bought this phone in july of last year and none of the updates have solved the performance issues.		i definitely regret buying this phone and cannot recommend it. i would have replaced it a long time ago but i have managed to not break the screen so far. the fact that a budget phone from the same company is better than the flagship model is concerning and i seriously doubt i will buy another htc.
1,I only hate this product because I could not get it to work on my IPhone 6.  I could not attach the lens to the clip that fit over the phone.
1,What a piece of crap.  I was hoping to get a good safe case for my phone, hope.  My Moto E is not fitting.  It moves around in the case.  The rubber power button does not reach the phone, makes no contact.  The plastic screen cover does not allow you to swipe the screen.  For me this was a big waste of money.
1,What they call "Rubberized" is a black satin finish spray paint, nothing "Rubberized" about it. After less than one month of use the black paint is coming off. Pay a little more and get a quality cover.
1,The product advertisement listed that the product was in retail packaging  so I paid a premium for the assurance it was from Samsung. I was concerned that the product might not be OEM quality. When it arrived, it was NOT in retail packaging as pictured. Rather it was in a white plastic envelope which not retail packaging. I do not know whether it will perform as well as Samsung. I am frustrated they would advertise it as retail packaging and stick it in a blank white plastic package.		Follow-up after about 2 weeks of testing. The batteries got worse, not better. They would run out of power by about noon instead of my old OEM battery which usually lasted until about 7 PM. I'm returning both batteries for a refund. I would not recommend this battery. I am skeptical about its origin, may not be OEM.
1,The material came off very easily leaving the sharp edge expose. Only used it for two weeks.
1,Quit working within a couple months. Won't be purchasing these again.
1,Displayed as I9500 but was for a completely different model. Never worked.
1,Edges just don't stay down. After a month of owning it, there was a large amount of dust build up under the edges of the protector, which caused it to lift up and come off. It's also not oleophobic like most glass protectors, which means it's a fingerprint magnet.
1,This is not a 3.8 volt battery and Samsung warns that incorrect voltage batteries risk damaging the device. I would not recommend risking a $600 phone over saving a couple of bucks on an aftermarket battery.
1,Seems to be used, contact points were scraped.
1,Black stylus is recognized by my phone but u have to press down real hard to navigate with it and the button does not respond  and the white pen when i take it out does nothing. The quality of the oens suck. I am going to look forbanothet one and buy another. Will not buy from them again. waste of my money. and the extra stylus that it says it comes with did not come with package.
1,Garbage. Almost every punch is crooked or bent.  The first time you start a pin with those they are just going to give out.		One punch, one I really needed to use was so bent and machined so poorly it doesn't even have a proper tip.		Pass on these. Typically Chinese garbage.		Buy once, cry once. Other sets costing twice as much made in America are perfectly straight and properly machined and will last a lifetime.		This set might work for you a couple times.
1,It appears to be a good case. However when you try to put It in the holster, or remove it from the holster the silicon top and bottom piece feel as if they are going to break. I think a harder silicon could have been used.
1,didn't come with a screen cover like it makes u think it does ! so i sent it back , not what i needed at all !
1,It was about to meet my expectations until I noticed the scratches around the circumference  of the lens. It may be oem but it isn't new, check the wording on the listing, it reads that your phone will be "new" again not that the product is new. Sneaky wording, I should have known by all the misspellings and grammar issues though,  so my bad.
1,I've been having nothing but trouble with these cables and chargers and 50 bucks for original Samsung charger is crazy we have 5 tablets I am soon and we seem to go through them the Chargers I meanI have tried every type just about really getting up set with Samsung we paid lots of money for these tablets and chargers and they can not even last a year
1,Two months in, the gripping mechanism stopped working.  I really wanted to like this thing.  This was an exact replacement for one that stopped gripping after a year.  The release mechanism is not designed to last.  Bad product.	3/3/18 update: vendor contacted me and sent a new holder.  It was installed today.  Will post periodic updates.  My expectation is that holder will work flawlessly for one year.  Is that too much to expect?
1,Overall:	I don't like it.  I would not buy it again.		Pros:	- It's the only case with this style kickstand that wraps all the way around the phone.  Most of the cases with this style kickstand leave the top and bottom of the phone unprotected and only cover the sides.	- It's easy to get it in and out of the belt holster, and works both ways (phone face-in and phone face-out).		Cons:	- It came with a defect on the inside lip of the case... looks like a small piece of excess rubber/plastic that just dripped onto it and hardened in place.  I couldn't scrape it off.  It causes the case to not seat properly around the phone.  I decided to just live with it and continue using the case because (I like to think) I'm not a picky person.	- The kickstand is almost impossible to pry open.  I feel like I'm going to break it (or my fingernail) because it's wedged in so tight.  I've tried rocking it out like others have suggested and it's still so tight it feels like I'm going to lose a nail every time I try to open it.	- The position of the kickstand makes it extremely unstable in the vertical position.  You can gently blow on it and it will fall over.	- The felt material on the holster isn't glued down very well, and after a few dozen removals it started to peel away and roll back on itself.  It's the raised edge of the phone case that keeps grabbing at the felt material every time I pull the phone out of the holster.  I think it's just bad design and/or bad material choice.		I'm shopping for a replacement already, and I will not be buying from Stalion again.
1,Looks better online than in your hand.  It was like they took glitter paper and stuck it to an iPhone case.
1,It broke after 2 uses (the metal fitting that goes into phone got bent, and then it wouldn't charge the phone, but company did say they would replace...
1,sub par
1,i ordered this for my t-mobile lg optimus l9 not knowing there are different sizes when i got it it was to big from top to bottom and i had to cut it to size, until i get a replacement from another company. i should have read the reviews before hand that is why i gave it a 1 star the seller should say this is the international version only!
1,Hard to put in and then very hard to take off. scratches phone, and doesn't protect the screen. Would not buy again.
1,Genuinely the worst phone I have ever experienced. And customer service is even worse. Please please please do not read all the hyped up reviews. If you dig through the internet there are tons of people with the same issues I am experiencing but when I was researching the phone, I was looking at all the positive reviews. I have had 2 phones with them, one less than a month, the other less than a week and they have one problem after another. One has touchscreen problems so its pressing things I don't want, double-tap to wake works 1/10 times, slide to unlock stops working, texting stops working, basically anything that needs to use the touchscreen (which is everything) stops working or glitches. With the OS update, the phone went seriously spazzy and opened every app and called 3 people. I had to completely shut it off to get it to stop. Notified support and they made me take a video of the problem. Then they sent and automated response to download a patch that could only be done on windows computer. Windows is the only thing I DON'T have. then they said they would work over the mac to help solve the problem.		In the meantime I received the 2nd phone (was ordered before 1st had all the problems) so I put my SIM card in it to use until the original phone was fixed. Now the 2nd phone, a week old, crashes and reboots itself 3 times per hour, wifi doesn't work, LTE stopped working, settings change by themselves or the phone doesn't recognize them, GPS doesn't work, keep getting notifications to change setting that are already changed, sound quality is robotic with feedback. I am completely furious. I am out over $600 on the phones, a bunch of money in wasted business time, and I don't have a working phone. So now I will have to spend even more money to get another phone so I can at least make a phone call. And by the way, oneplus doesn't even have a phone number to call. Complete scam.
1,DO NOT BUY this crap. They say it's waterproof, but it's not. Mine dropped in salt water, for not even 2 secs, and started corroding and stopped working.$40 down the drain.
1,Bought for my daughter & wouldn't let her use it, went out and bought another case.  This is the epitome of a cheap case.  It does look sleek so, 2 stars
1,Didn't like
1,Out side cover was more a lint brush that eventually looked horrible
1,I bought my Anker solar charger last July 24, 2014. Barely half a year or even less than 5 months, it no longer charges my iPhone just when I needed it the most since Super Typhoon Hagupit was on our way.		I tried basic troubleshooting but to no avail.		I e-mailed Anker with regard to this problem only to be told that they can only offer me 50% refund since it would be economically impractical (note: expensive) to have the defective charger sent back to the United States from Manila, Philippines.		I buy from Anker thinking it's durable only to be disappointed by this product and moreso, with my recent experience with their customer (dis)service.
1,I wouldn't recommended it. It didn't work, people could still see the screen. Maybe because how cheap it is. Although, I really liked how it feels.
1,These cables quit working with in 2 weeks of use. Do not buy! And don't order multiple because they won't send your complete order.
1,I purchased one of these when I first purchased my iphone a few years ago. It was easy to install and no bubbles and very strong. In the three years of usage there was no cracking whatsoever. However after one unfortunate drop it did crack. So I right away order another one. Once again the install went very well. However a few days I noticed a chip on one edge. The phone hadn't been dropped or placed with any other item in my pocket. So I ordered another one and placed that on. Once again within a few days with no apparent reason I noticed a chip. It seems to be cracking with no provocation. Unfortunately I will have to try another brand to see if their's will hold up better. The quality of these seems to have dropped (pun intended).
1,This case SUCKED!!!! It was not only the wrong color (the case was pink and the plastic holding the phone was red...yuck!), but my phone didn't even fit into the case properly. The plastic part that holds the phone in the case was made SOOO cheap that it was too small and it wouldn't even hold my phone. Oh and you could also see the glue holding it together. The picture makes it look really nice, but it looks nothing like that! I guess you get what you pay for...but my goodness I wouldn't even take this if it were free!
1,Pretty case.  Would be perfect if:		1) had more credit card slots.  There is only one opening for cards.	2) had something around the camera cutout to keep the flash from messing up.  The photos taken with a flash are pink.		These issues are enough to make me want to send it back, although they charge almost $7 to ship it back which makes it practically not worth it.
1,The bluetooth remote did not work. Sent back right away
1,Provides no corner or top protection. I really don't understand the industry trend in doing this. The corner is the most likely point of impact for any drop. Dropped my phone recently and unsurprisingly it hit the corner first. The case provided no protection as the plastic simply crushed at the edge. The edge of the phone body crushed first, stopping just short of the glass. I was lucky.		It wouldn't take much at all to add a bit more corner protection with this design. Ringke did it.
1,does not work with otter box cover
1,This looked nice and sturdy and was fine for about 6 months. All of a sudden just broke in two...not durable which is a bummer as there are not a lot of case options with clip for the phone.
1,This thing is HUGE. I know the capacity is stated in the product description, but be certain you understand how big this thing is before buying. It wouldn't fit in anybody's cup holder, or on a standard coaster. It's so impractically enormous that I have a hard time imagining what anyone would use this for. Saving up water in case of the apocalypse?
1,I liked the "idea" of making his phone tougher, I ordered 2 of these because he is a boy and I knew eventually he would need a reaplacement. The phone slides open and closed so after ruining the first top cover because critial tabs where broken off, I finially got the second top cover on, but the tabs broke after 1 day of open and close on the slider phone. I would not purchase another otter case fora  slider phone.
1,to small for my LG G3 phone
1,Horrible product. It's designed to keep you from breaking your iPhone. It'll do that and keep you from using it as well. The screen's edge is so heavily inclined you are not able to use the screen menus from the top or bottom of the phone. The case fails immeasurably in it's effectivity in this sense. I do believe it would protect it from a fall though. In FAIRNESS to the distributor, they did offer me a FULL refund without taking the product back. Very  generous. The problem, is that wouldn't be appropriate in reality. I paid for it, we're unfortunately having to 'use' it for now but this is in an unbiased tone a very inferior made, flimsy, rubbery and loose product. The edges prevent you from utilizing sub-menus so I believe it's necessary to warn the public.
1,I've literally purchased FOUR (4) of these in less than a year and ALL of them are broken! I simply plug them in, they are not bent or twisted in any way, shape or form. This is absolutely ridiculous. I've never gone through this many chargers in such a short period of time. I loved the length, I love the appearance but it's long term function and reliability are horrible. There's no visible damage to the cords so I don't understand why they don't work. Will be looking for replacements in another brand! Save your money!
1,Very thin and cheap
1,The edges and corners do not adhere on my iphone 6.
1,I am very disappointed in the LG G2 LCD I ordered one and it did not work it had blind and Squigley marks with in the screen. I returned it and then order another from the same company and ended up with LCD not powering on at all which was even worse . Poor quality and I'm a qualified technician and this is unacceptable.
1,I have been a loyal Tech Armor customer like many other users that left reviews on this product, and like the others I am highly disatisfied with this new glass for the iPhone 7. I work for a cell phone company and install thousands of tempered glass products monthly. I can say out of these thousands, there's only about 1 or 2 that actually give me a problem. I ordered the two pack to have one as a backup in case of a crack or chip, and I had to struggle trying to put on both because it did not fit properly. For some reason, the bottom near the home button would not stay stuck on to the phone, creating a super ugly air pocket. Terrible! This never happened with the Tech Armor glass for my iPhone 6. Someone needs to go back to the drawing board clearly.
1,This is cheap cheap, cheap. This is so thin I would think survivability will be rated in hours. Would not buy again at all....ever.
1,Broken too fast (((
1,GreatCall is a questionable service at best in my mind. I want to say that up front.  I revised my review to be more analytical because I had an ultra-negative experience with GreatCall and would never use them, and I guess the best question I can posit is this: What would it take to make this phone a GREAT, irreplaceable device? Is it the phone and the applications, how much you cater to a specific audience, the service and how available it is, or the people providing it? In this instance, I would say it is (1) the service and the customer support/experience, because the phone itself is a stripped-down phone and the way it is touted, as easy-to-use for seniors, says to me that they place big buttons up front and treat users like they are technological deficients.		Before starting, I want to note the service map and state that you REALLY have to check these because ALL service maps are misleading at best. This one notes a lot of areas as being covered that are not, and while is a Verizon network user and Verizon is huge, it also has rural gaps and whatnot. Calling them, the service provider may or may not be aware of your specific area.		Let's take a look at their rates (some of which I added below) and compare them to other, no-contract, pay-as-you-go services to address some of the service issues. To compare, I am currently utilizing a Verizon pay-as-you-go service where you get unlimited talk, text, and 500 MB of data for 45 dollars. For 5 additional dollars, you get 500 more MB.		With GreatCall, you can pay 14.99 for 50 minutes of call time.		For 24.99, you can get use of specific applications (listed below)and 50 minutes of talk time.		Additional minutes are listed at:	150 for 5.00	650 for 15.00	and so on.		Texing and Photo minutes:	For 300, you pay 3.00.	For 700, 6.00	For 1250, 10.00	For 2500, 15.00		The HUGE kicker for me is the data plan costs. They are as follows:	20 MB (that's listed as 30 emails, 2 minutes of streaming video, or 5 minutes of turn-by-turn directions) for 2.49	100 MB for 4.99	200 MB for 10 dollars	500 MB for 15 dollars	1 GB for 25 dollars.	2 GB for 45 dollars.		I have seen complaints related to data, where applications continue running while the user is unaware, with the cost exponentially increasing. Using the same marketing premise that the people using it have no technological know-how, you have to say that would also not know how to take measures against continued date use.		You can compare other rates on their website, where this was taken from.		Looking at GreatCall (at the 24.99 deal), you really have to ask what applications are available, if they are worth the continued costs associated with them, and if there are other methods that would better deal with these situations because these services ARE what makes GreatCall. Here are what GreatCall touts with their service:		(1) Urgent Care.	Urgent Care is a unique app that combines one-touch access to a nurse or doctor 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, with the best features of a robust and consumer-friendly medical dictionary and medical symptom checker tool.		Reviewer note - The connection with a nurse or doctor would be the driving point here. The other items would be things you could find for free online, and I do not know if I would want people self-checking themselves anyhow		(2) MedCoach	Medication reminders; when to take, how to take, what to take, all at your fingertips.		Reviewer note - While interesting, this is not unique.		(3) Link	Link allows friends and family members to learn about what's going on with the GreatCall device carrier they are connected with.	The Link app can:	*Send a notification when the connected device is used to call for help	*Show that the device is on or off and current power level	*Locate the device on a map		Reviewer note - My family uses a device that someone can wear on their arms or around their neck for calling for assistance. It uses an application in conjunction with a message so that if a person is removed from their phone, they will still be able to call for help. The device initially costs, but there is no continuing fee. With almost all smart phones, the location service can be used for free online.		(4)5Star	The 5Star Service app provides help at the touch of a button. Get immediate access to our NAED Certified Response Agents trained in CPR and other emergency procedures. Agents will be able to confirm your location and evaluate the situation, connect you to a live registered nurse, dispatch emergency services and get you the help you need. Nurses have the ability to escalate your concern to a board-certified physician if required, for advice, diagnosis and/or prescriptions.		Reviewer note - I did NOT have a chance to use this feature.		As far as the phone itself, I was given this phone to review and, up until the holidays, I was moderately content with it and the service. We had been using it locally, meaning within our normally-established areas covering maybe 40 miles or so, and it did pretty well. It is a 3G model so there are lags sometimes where we live, but this is to be expected. It touts 8 GB internal memory (which is like 4 GB when you factor in the system requirements), has a basic but acceptable camera, and some other at least average features. The phone being stripped down makes navigation easy. It has GPS location, is noted as hearing aid compatible (I do not have a hearing aid, so call their CS about this), and allows easy access to your plan and remaining coverage allotments.  It has large font for individuals that need it, buttons that are easy to depress when using the device, and the preloaded applications are not terrible. Moreover, I like the way Samsung phones work; you have the buttons at the bottom that always respond, and I feel they are easier to use than a lot of competitor models. I could see that being a benefit for the elderly, but purely from a phone standpoint. The Touch3 is a limited smartphone, though, and people should know that, and if they know it they could be moderately pleased. Like I said before, I could see people in need using this to make sure they have someone available.		In summary, I had a very negative incident with GreatCall and it impacted the way I perceive them. I feel the customer service department is unfriendly at best (and they knew I was reviewing their device, that they were not helpful, and I would not want to place the life of someone I care for in their hands, which is what this amounts to. I can see this service having uses, but the concerns I have would make me look elsewhere.
1,It was easy to setup and the hooks securely attach to the vent. While it was stable with an iPhone in it and did not rock top to bottom, it swayed a lot sideways.		After a few months of use the release mechanism stopped working. Upon dissection we found out that the grease used inside had dried up and the plastic mechanism seized. This unit is non-service-able. Once it stops working you toss it in the trash and this is where mine ended up after a very short lifespan. I am far from satisfied with this product.
1,Belt clip / kick stand is poor design.  when clipped to my belt the slightest bending over or twisting I might do in the sitting or standing positions puts the belt clip into kickstand mode which than causes my phone to flip off my side and onto the ground (which mine has done now many  times) and I have only had it a few months.  HOWEVER, it does do what I purchased it to do and that is to protect the phone.  After the many falls my phone has taken since purchasing this item, there has been no damage caused to my phone from the MANY times it has fallen from my belt.  i would not buy this item again
1,Died right after i bought it
1,From ordering & being sooo happy with my stuff, to one purchase after another was broken, not fitting...etc	I stopped trying. Sorry...
1,This product does not have a 'matte' finish in the sense that by definition includes a 'rough' finish. This is as slippery a surface I've ever felt on a case. It's been binned and would have been returned had it cost me more.
1,This kept coming off the area I installed it, during my driving time (which is dangerous) no matter how many times I wiped the area with rubbing alcohol to insure a good clean surface before installing it.
1,Corners don't stick well
1,I was really hoping for something to work so I wouldn't have to hear my boyfriend snore at night but these don't help much. I'm sending them back today because even when I have the volume turned all the way up with my binaural beats, it's almost like I'm not even wearing anything. They definitely don't work the same as earbuds. This made my head sweat and it wouldn't stay on all night.
1,I thought this case was great until I used it for a day!!! its very difficult to pull up on the short cut screen because the plastic is in the way. not happy with this purchase...
1,The case is pretty but I've only had it for a few weeks and already the jewels have come off. Very disappointed by that :(
1,I purchased this because I thought Seidio was a good company for cell phone accessories.  It lasted for a few months but after taking off the "skeleton"piece to change the battery, the bottom two "tags" broke off.  it is cheaply made plastic that will wear out after a while.  The case is still being used, but I am purchasing the Ballistic case for a heavy duty fit.  I work out and I use my phone in my pocket.  I also use it when cutting the grass.  This obviously did not hold up very well.  I tried to get a replacement but Seidio said it was "past the 180 day warranty".  The website says 1 year.  Whatever.
1,It got a scratch from the inside zipper of my purse. Not very tough.
1,This thing is a pain in the rear. I tried working with it, cleaned the glass to prep for the suction cup and manipulated the shape of the neck, everything. It's not user friendly. I ordered a few, much more user friendly holder. This was a waste of money.
1,This review is for:	Galaxy S4 Case, MagicMobile [Dual Armor Series] Rugged Durable [Impact Shockproof Resistant] Double Layer Cover [Hard Shell] & [Flexible Silicone] Case for Galaxy S4 Case - Black / Turquoise with Screen Protector		I really wanted to like this case! The pictures look awesome, but the product just doesn't deliver. First of all, as some people have previously stated, the case is not turquoise and black, it's turquoise and gray. It would have been better in black, if the case was actually functional. The flexible silicone piece is WAY TOO flexible. The silicone piece on my previous phone case was rigid and you have to give it some force to bend it. The silicone on this case will literally flop in your hand. On the sides where the rigid shell hold it in place, it's fine, but on the top and bottom edge, and especially on the corners, it pulls away from the phone very easily. There is just no way this case would protect my phone if I were to drop it. Also, like others have commented, the rigid case takes a bit of fiddling to get on, because the silicone is so flexible, it tends to want to stretch when you're putting the rigid back on it. If the rest of the case was built as well as the rigid back, it would be great. I wouldn't even risk leaving the house with this on my phone. Don't waste your money.	I received this case free or discounted in exchange for an honest, unbiased review. All opinions and experiences are 100% my own.
1,I like the design and construction. Unfortunately, it does not hold a charge very well and the solar charging function is nonexistent. I checked with others before buying that the solar function would keep the charge topped off. The solar charging feature not working and the charger not holding a charge would prevent me from recommending this product. I want to return it, but after I was convinced the charger was not working properly, it was too late. I would like my money back so I can purchase a charger that functions properly. I would not have expected it to discharge in just a few days from a full charge without use and thought the solar feature would have prevented any discharge at all with out any power being drawn. Please refund so I can get a power bank that will hold a charge when I need it.
1,Order two bracelets and only one arrived.
1,Very cheaply made. The cutouts were done haphazardly and the protector does not cover the bottom quarter inch of the screen. I guess you get what you pay for.
1,this phone does not support micro usb standard, so don't lose the power cord. the enclosure can be tricky to remove so don't plan on doing that very often without it breaking. otherwise this phone is decent for portability and great for testing apps in the most constrained of screen spaces. runs a modified version of android but should be familiar to any AOSP 4.4.2 user
1,The back is rough, strong and thin which is great for handling. The metal like buttons easily press. BUT the shiny plastic on the sides is very slippery and could easily account for a drop to the floor.
1,Help!  My case front is peeling from the backing!  It's a mess.
1,ok
1,My kit only came with a sim card. The adapters are missing.
1,I ordered this case based off the reviews, thinking it would be a good, sturdy case. Boy was I mistaken - I paid 10.00 on top of the 7.00 for shipping, and feel ripped off. The case is badly put together, looks cheap, and looks like it will tear within a day of having it on your phone. I put it on my iphone 4s for a minute before removing it and tossing it back in its packaging. I paid a lot of money for my iphone 4s, it needs a case that will truly protect it should it fall, and this case is NOT it. Now I like Hello Kitty, but I do not like this case. It is cheaply made, do NOT waste your money!
1,I got this item thinking it would work like my old razr...boy was I wrong!!...you will miss text and you will not be able to receive pictures. I bought a ten dollar gophone from at&t that does a better than this thing. So like I said...don't waste your money.
1,ive been using by 3 days and the left headphone is damages!	how it is posible .. i hope  the rest of 6 i bought work better than it!
1,I like the idea of this charger, but the stand is really light weight and tips over easy when your phone is in the verticle position, and when you have your phone in the horizontal position it will lean to one side if the coil in your phone is anything but exactly in the center of the phone.  The Charging pad itself seems to work fine, but it can be a little touchy to get the phone in the exact position that it needs to be to charge.	this is not a silent charger, if it looses it's connection it will beep at you, it also beeps to let you know that it has begun charging, and it will beed when it is finished charging.  A little annoying if this is in a bedroom.
1,hate this crap
1,Words/saying is blurry. I thought the glitter moved around inside the case(like one I've already purchased - - AND LOVE - but it's just a blurry picture. I won't return, but I probably won't use. ...and I bought 2 :(
1,Well
1,It broke the second I took it out of the package
1,Ordered wrong item
1,Border is plastic not metal like the Cylo cases. Cheaply made. Buttons felt weird and didn't align well with the phone buttons. Don't recommend it.
1,I found this hard to install on the phone and it left a lot of bubbles and it seemed the more I tried to fix it, the more bubbles it developed.  I ended up paying about $15 for a single protector that advertised easy installation and no bubbles.  It was worth every penny since I ended up throwing these screen savers out.  They are just too much trouble to put on.  There were all kinds of tips from people on how to install them, including spraying soapy water on the phone before installing.  I didn't try that suggestion because I didn't want to spray soapy water on my phone.  Unless you have a lot of patience and don't care if the cover isn't perfect, spend more and get a better product.  The same applies to ipad screen covers.  These sucked for that as well and ended up in the trash.
1,While the material and design is nice, the fit is not great at all.  I've had some other leather covers, and while non fit real snug, this one is extremely loose around the edges of the screen and causes the pad to slide around.  I've fixed others with some velcro to prevent this, but this one is just far too loose.		It does what it needs to for the price, but I wouldn't buy another...
1,Bought 3 and each one the crystals on the sides have fallen out
1,I love the look of the case but I cannot get my iPhone 6 to fit in this thing. No way no how. Disappointed.
1,Totally Blows!  Called Verizon to activate and was told by the representative that the sim card has already been activated. I done been scammed1
1,Not even a year old and the charge port has worn out to the point it is non functioning.
1,super cheap looking, scratched already and i only used it once and i was at home doing nothing. highly disappointed.
1,I want to use my Nexus 7 (N7) tablet as GPS navigation (BIG SCREEN!) and bought this charger, thinking that it will delivery enough juice (3.1A) to power the N7 while being used.		My N7 was in this state:	- ON	- Brightness 75%	- Wifi ON and tethered to my cellphone	- Google Navigation running.		Even though N7 shows that it is "Charging" at AC rate, the battery actually goes down. So it looks like it does NOT charge the N7 while it is being used.		However, if the N7 is OFF, then it charges, albeit slowly.
1,I had the HTC Incredible for one year, which was several months too long.  Call quality was fair and UI was fair.  The main weakness with Android is that when Google releases a new OS version, it has to go to the vendor so they can tweak and then release it themselves.  This can take FOREVER.  The update to Froyo came fairly quickly, but soon there was talk of Gingerbread, Honeycomb, and even Ice Cream.  Well, HTC FINALLY released Gingerbread, and that was it.  Along the way, I encountered several software bugs, primarily with exchange mail.  I wrote HTC several times and they always came back with these outlandish "troubleshooting" processes.  The other thing was that HTC advertised that you could "make it yours"...FAR from it, guys !!  Just ONE example that aggravated the crap out me was not being able to turn off haptic feedback with the dialer.  HTC said that was designed like that in case it was in your pocket and you could tell if it was dialing accidentally.  SERIOUSLY, even if I did keep it in my pocket, it would be LOCKED !!  Got the iphone 4s, SOOO much happier !!
1,This so called wireless charging shell case ended up being a standard back. At the time it was a prime featured product. The two day turned out to be 2 wks coming from China. I would NOT recommend this to anyone!!!
1,Seems like the batch I got was dysfunctional and doesn't hold charge long
1,At first I was absolutely in love with my S3. There is never any lag to be found, whether you're swiping through home screens or playing the latest games. The camera quality is excellent and takes pictures much faster than previous phones I've owned. I've always been rather impressed with the battery for the most part, as it lasts a full day easily. Things aren't all perfect, however. Within a few days of owning my first S3 I began experiencing a "No Sim" error. This would cause the current text I was attempting to send, or the phone call I was trying to make, to fail. The issue only happened once or twice a day at first, so I ignored it, thinking it was simply a fluke or a tower issue. A few days later I continued having it, and decided to exchange my phone for another S3. Within several hours of firing up my second S3 I began having the same problem. I had my SIM card swapped out, thinking it could possibly be a bad SIM card, but still, no cigar. It has been roughly two weeks since I swapped phones, and I am now having the problem several times a day. The issue only happens when you attempt to send a text or call, making it especially frustrating, as it interrupts whatever you are doing. As much as I love the hardware behind this phone, I am finding it hard to justify as my primary phone, as it can hardly function as that. I'm hoping this issue is fixed, otherwise Samsung will find this thing floating around on Ebay, as I will gladly go back to an older phone.
1,This actually seemed to hurt my reception in some areas. Made no difference otherwise.
1,I'm so confused. I don't get it. Why is there no hole for the mic? It's completely covered. Looks nice. Feels nice. But rendered functionality useless by the comical oversight by the manufacturer. How, H O W, did they miss that?
1,I cleaned my phone and made sure it was good and when I put the glass on it left 2 huge bubbles that I couldn't get out. If you try to lift the glass it just makes it worse.
1,Fast delivery, but the battery sucks in every angle...
1,Won't hold your phone up, I have a Note 4.
1,Nowhere near as purple as it looks in the picture.
1,I tried to purchase this item but HHI sent me the wrong one.  They acknowledged it and said they would send me the correct product.  Alas, they did not make good on this and I am stuck with a total POS! As far as the item goes DO NOT BUY if you care about your phone.  The holster will not hold the slick case and my GS3 fell to the floor within minutes of use.  I would not buy anything from Handheld Items.
1,Gets stuck in the SIM slot. It's just a little thicker than it should be. I hope I didn't damage the slot.
1,I don't know how this screen protector received so many good comments.  I bought this for my Note 4 and the fitting is not as expected.  It left a big gap/space on all 4 sides of the screens and it blocked the front camera.  However, the quality seem very well made and amazon fast shipping deserves the 2 stars.
1,After a fee days of using it the stitching started coming out.  VERY CHEAP QUALITY!!!
1,I have had this case for a year.  For this entire year, I've raved about it, told everyone how it was "toddler proof," and it was the perfect case, especially for the price.		However, I didn't realize that recently, the case had obtained a crack in it.  Apparently this crack would prove to be fatal.  The case itself protected the phone, but once the case was damaged, it damaged my phone.  Shattered the screen.		I now have to replace my phone.		We're not talking about my phone getting run over.  It was dropped a few times here and there, really nothing crazy.  The crack in the case really surprised me, as did the fact that it didn't protect my phone from breaking.  I understand the case doesn't protect the screen, but I feel like this should have lasted more than a year.		Going to switch to the Griffin case as was recommended by others as far exceeding the Otter box, from here on out.
1,Sorry to say, it is not worth much. The fact I only paid a couple of dollars is the only reason I don't return it. It looks like  a good idea, perhaps if it was make of something other than rubber, it might work better??
1,Phone came and was not able to use due to having a ghost touch on the screen.
1,The only thing worse than the screen protectors themselves, is the customer service. The protectors are clearly not made for the Desire 610. Not only are they too  large (making it impossible to fit the phone into my case) but there is a cut out in the upper left portion of the protector that does not match up with anything on the phone.		When I contacted Super Shieldz, they insisted that I take a picture of how the screen protector fit on my phone. In the email I sent back to them, I pointed  out it was too large and notated the odd cut out as evidence that the product was not meant specifically for the 610. When they finally responded, they said that the screen was correct....and ignored the fact that the cut out clearly demonstrated that it was not the right product. I have emailed them once again but have not heard back from them. In the meantime, I'm going to buy a new screen protector. I can't wait for this issue to be resolved by them and risk damaging my phone.
1,Looks cheap.
1,Not convenient to clip on belt
1,Quick delivery, low price, and a 3 pack for $7.85. What did you expect really? These aren't bad but they're definitely not great and not something I would rely on to protect my phone. And since my phone is an investment I want the best and these aren't the best. Definitely do some shopping, if you're trying to save money these will work just fine and are a far better deal then anything that your local phone store offers, but as far as Amazon goes do your research.
1,Horrible workmanship! I've ben using cell phones since 1994 -20 years, and have never run into such a cheaply constructed piece of plastic. What's worse, it is impossible to pry open the case to install the battery. I even went to YouTube for guidance !!! and believe it, there were videos ON HOW TO PRY OPEN THE TRIBUTE. But... the phone used on YouTube and this one are NOT the same. The one they show does have a thumb nail slot, the Tribute does NOT have a thumb nail slot. Even the phone's instructions omit the concept of opening the phone. You know how they detail a phone's features with a graphic? There is NO mention in the manual about a slot or opening for prying the case apart, so I sent it right back. I tried for an hour, too! The worst phone imaginable. AVOID!
1,Got this one in march. Liked it. Unfortunately the problems started to appear about 2 weeks ago. Symptom one - the battery stopped keeping the charge. The load went form over a day to 2 hours without use. It will lose the charge even if the device is set to OFF (something is short inside or bad battery??). Even while operational - the sound quality of the microphone will be appalling and no one can understand the words I say. Headphones still work fine.
1,they don't last long they slip off the phone and you never even knew it was gone.
1,Love the phone but be careful buying. I was told by tmobile that there is balance due on this phone. Then i had to contact amazon to fix the issue because the seller wasn't going to take it back. But at the end of the day the seller paid off the balance. So far so good works perfectly. Just double check when you buy it. Ask seller questions you have. So 5 for phone and 1 for seller because they almost ripped me off.
1,This is probably the worst phone I've ever used in my life where shall I begin. When I first bought this phone for thirty bucks I was excited because of all the reviews I read online for this phone the good reviews far outweighed the bad so I decided to take my chances once I started to use this phone I realized poor build quality I like the size the battery life is horrible the antenna on this thing is the worst of all every few seconds I lose signal no matter where I'm at and it's not my service provider because in my other phone my signal is fine I do not recommend this phone to anyone horrible Buy I would not buy this phone even if it was for a dollar again
1,edges peel up - could be due to the curvature of the glass.  Also retains dents and whatnot
1,4 reviews about all my phones . first review here.		My first phone Maxwest Gravity 6		The phone is very nice. just DON'T buy it. The charging port of the phone stopped working. After 8 months. On the description said that phone comes with a 1 year full US warranty. I tried to see can I talk to someone about the problem. The button for returns was passive , which meant you cant initiate any conversation with the seller. And now if I gotta fix that charging usb port I need to pay half of the price of the phone. Great company , great phone , just one advice from me . DON'T BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS SELLER. If you need to get anything fixed - I don't know. If you need to return a broken product still in warranty - just forget it. I think the name of the company is MAXWEST. I hope that helps you.		This is my first chinese phone I have bought from Amazon. Maxwest Gravity 6		The second phone I have is Posh Mobile Titan HD E 500a. The same problem. The usb charging port almost doesn't work. I can still charge it but it only work with one cable and I need to keep the phone in something like 15 degree upward position. If I use any of the cheap chinese cables, or if I leave the phone laying flat on the table - doesn't charge. And again when I tried to use that return button - it was passive. No returns or exchanges accepted. I wouldn't buy anything from this company. The name of the company is Posh Mobile.		My 3rd chinese phone. The very cheap Posh. Posh Orion Max x550a. Doesn't charge everytime, everywhere. The company name is Mango Wireless. I haven't try to return it. I am just commenting on the product. If I have a problem with a hundred dollar phone I can't buy a 200 or 400 dollar phone from this company. Rating ONE STAR.		My 4th phone. Lenovo. I have some issues. The super famous Lenovo. I am afraid it can turn out to be the notorious Lenovo. But we will see. I am in the middle of some talks with the company and we will see if they are the same like the other chinese companies. Everything is still on hold.
1,This case was tough to deal with! The back protective film didn't want to come off and the phone ended up with tons of scratches.
1,sent back
1,came in broken wasn't worth it
1,The plastic mounts have metal spikes inside that potruded through the rubber after light use and scratched the vents.		Would not buy again and through out all of them.		I have a similar one from another brand that works great.
1,I love my phone case it fits perfect and I have no problem what so ever, I recommend this product.
1,This works, but barely and not very intuitively. It feels crazy cheap and chintzy and is very difficult to put the phone in. Can handle larger phones like my iPhone 6. Not very sturdy, shakes a good bit. Would not but again.
1,I returned this. It didn't fit perfectly. And that's the #1 purpose of a cover isn't it? It's a nice structure but not for s4.
1,Already on my second screen protector. First one started peeling up. Will not purchase again.
1,Falling apart. I am not rough on electronics or cables. (I prefer to avoid rough treatment of cables that carry electricity). Brand new cable, but $1 bin quality. Won't buy a Belkin cable again. I do like the utility of the adapter in principle, but the cable (in use) doesn't last and adapter is not "selective" when it will charge Apple products. I would NOT reccommend.
1,Not what I expected.
1,NO STARS is more like it. The cable and charging block are exact replicas but you can tell a subtle difference in the cables material, block looks perfect but takes all day to charge my Galaxy S3 "FAKE" and in one case it couldn't even keep the phone charged while I was using GPS and wireless. Cable will also disconnect often and the slightest touch and wasn't recognized by my computer the same way a real Samsung product would. Very disturbing Amazon lists inferior products for the PRIME customers, saidly I never got around to returning it so I get to eat $7 bucks. If you are as app/tech intensive as I am pay the big bucks and don't buy products like this from Amazon, in the end you really get what you pay for.... JUNK.
1,Belt clip is loose after a couple days- feels like the rivet will fall off. Cheap piece of crap holster but it was dirt cheap to buy so no big deal.	I think the site or another reviewer said something about this being on the large side. Think purse or briefcase large! Might work if you had one of those huge Otterbox cases (at least when the rivet broke the phone would be ok).
1,Cheap
1,The screen protectors came nicely packaged and shipped fast, but did not install well.  The edges did not adhere properly to the outer edges when centered and left a raised bubble surface around the sides.  Would they protect the screen, yes.  Does it look good, no.
1,<div id="video-block-R1QOS66WA4QGLL" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1KzGc6%2BJRS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/51uuKJ9k-xS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">The iPhone 6 Stealth Armor Tough Case by Silk Innovation is a relatively cheap iPhone case dressed up with fancy marketing terms such as "Military-Grade Protection", "Shock-Absorbing Core", "Premium Screen Cover", and "Exoskeleton Shell". If the case actually lived up to its lavish marketing, I would have been quite impressed and thankful for the opportunity to review such an outstanding product, but alas, the fact of the matter is this case doesn't come close to meeting expectations. I generally reserve bad reviews for products that either fail to deliver on their marketing claims or if the value proposition is lacking, and unfortunately for the Stealth Armor Tough Case by Silk Innovation, I believe the value proposition is indeed lacking and that its hyped-up marketing basically amounts to false advertising. To give credit where it is due, the case does fit my iPhone 6 rather well and I am confident that it offers at least average protection against bumps and drops, the interchangeable backs actually are interchangeable though the amount of protection they provide is highly questionable, and the included screen protector fits fairly well though it does not have a cutout for the front-facing camera.		I take offence at the claim that this case is "Military-Grade" ~ I've used and owned several pieces of equipment that have passed one type of military-spec test or another, and I can safely say that the Stealth Armor Tough Case doesn't compare. Take the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Griffin-Survivor-Case/dp/B00LPQGNHC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Griffin Survivor Case</a>, for example ~ it clearly lists which Military-Specs it meets and it features a true dual-layer design: a load-bearing full polycarbonate frame with interior foam liner and a shock-absorbing exterior jacket made from a relatively soft and flexible silicone that holds everything together. In contrast, the Stealth Armor case consists primarily of a semi-rigid, plasticy rubber "core" that wraps snugly around the phone that has a slot on the back for a polycarbonate plate that covers maybe 75% of the phone's back whose function is probably more aesthetic than protective. The plate is far from an "exoskeleton shell" ~ it is not load-bearing and it does not protect the sides or corners.		Overall, the build quality and material feel of the Stealth Armor Tough Case is not impressive. While the case fits snugly around the iPhone, the injection molding leaves some sharp-feeling edges around the phone and buttons. Also, the polycarbonate plate doesn't fit perfectly on the back of the "core" ~ there are some gaps and unevenness that are not caused by improper installation. Finally, in terms of button feel, this case is inferior to both the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Ringke-FUSION/dp/B00MJA3Q1Y/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Ringke FUSION</a>&nbsp;and stock&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/iPhone-6-Leather-Case/dp/B00NHD9SLO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">iPhone 6 Leather Case</a>. During the course of this review and my three weeks of ownership, I didn't quite figure out how the term "Stealth" applies to the product. Perhaps it describes how the phone retains a relatively slim profile while being protected by a "tough" case ~ from this measure, I'd say the name is fitting. From another perspective, if the goal is to disguise an iPhone 6 as a cheaper device, I'd say the name is appropriate as well.		Note:	1) I am not the only one who holds this product in low esteem. I let a few coworkers and family members check out my iPhone with this case and the results were basically unanimous: They though it looked interesting at a distance but upon picking it up and handling it, they all basically said that it felt low quality. Someone even commented that it devalued the iPhone.	2) The back cover does not have much space underneath. You can't stick a credit card underneath, though a NFC sticker might fit and the Polycarbonate back won't block the signals.
1,Not good
1,The limefuel case is probably one of the better made of the Nexus 5 battery cases available. I took a chance and tried out the i-Blason case before the limefuel and have some comparison points between going for either of them vs. just an external battery.		i-Blason	Pros: 1) Well built and slimmer profile than other cases, 2) Easy to take on and off, 3) Affordable price	Cons: 1) Has the least advertised and actual capacity, 2) The case it a little too easy to take off and comes off sometimes when you don't want it to, 3) Terrible customer service that never got back to me, 4) Some headphones don't work with the top half of the case on (but it's easy to remove just the top part)		Limefuel	Pros: 1) Holds phone securely, 2) Offers higher capacity and faster charge times than competitors, 3) Good price, 4) Great customer service	Cons: 1) Slightly thicker than the i-Blason, 2) Incredibly difficult to remove phone from the case, 3) Material on case started peeling off within a week of use, 4) Some headphones get obstructed because of the case and don't fit all the way		External Battery Pack	Pros: 1) Cheapest option and lots of variety in sizes and shapes, 2) Universal and often can be used with any USB device, 3) Lets you use your phone without a bulky case or a case of your choosing	Cons: 1) An extra device you have to carry and charge		If you absolutely need to carry just 1 device then maybe a battery case is for you I personally was using it for 30-hr shifts I had when testing both battery case products and came away feeling like the external battery was the much better solution. If you have to go with a battery case, I'd personally lean slightly more to the i-Blason, because its much easier to take off and didn't start peeling on me like the Limefuel did. But my honest recommendation would be to shop around for the right size external battery pack and never look back. Its just the option that will give you the most flexibility and let you have a phone that doesn't look bloated up. Not to mention give you much more capacity than these cases can offer anyway.
1,cracked after a few days
1,I don't have sensitive skin and this caused a rash on my wrist.  I liked it until that  happened.
1,<div id="video-block-R1JVZGORUBQ3MI" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1LV6pkEHmS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71XOZUSwyjS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;I was contacted by the manufacturer to test and review the item, hence I received it for free. Unfortunately, my experience with the product was not great. Any 3D movie I watched on my Samsung Galaxy S6 just came in regular 2D with green/red etc. colors on the edges of objects meant to create the 3D effect. It just did not work, not sure why.		I used regular Youtube 3D videos and downloaded 3D VR Youtube app on my phone to get samples of 3D videos to test the headset out, but could not see any 3D effect using either methods.		Check out my video review, and let me know if this review was any helpful to you.
1,Fit the phone but didn't charge well. Takes forever to charge and never gets 100%. I bought 2 replacement batteries and neithere one charged all the way.
1,hard to use, won't go in the holster well, and the case won't stay on, there are a lot better ones for the same price
1,for a little while it worked great then it broke out of no where..
1,Only one star because compared to an Otterbox it feels cheap. And also doesn't seem as though it would offer much shock resis due to how incredibly stiff the "rubber is" if you want to really protect your phone don't buy this item, get the real Otterbox, or one of the other high end protectors. These $900.00 phones are not worth risking by putting them in such a cheaply made product.
1,I ORDERED AN IPHONE 6 BUT GOT A 6 PLUS...... IT IS TO BIG FOR MY PHONE.... WASTE OF MONEY
1,As soon as I opened it, I could tell this was bad. The plastic case that holds the phone in the wallet had ALREADY fallen off. I could see the glue left on the wallet. Very disappointed with this purchase. Avoid.
1,Charger doesn't fit through this case
1,Cheap cheesy product
1,Package came with one screen protector. Packaging great, screen protector is frustrating.  This is the second one we have purchased and the last.  I had blamed my self on the first one. My husband does quality engineering on tiny electronics.  He got this to work, but not without bubbles. This was on a brand new phone.
1,Breaks fast lasted about a month
1,First drop - corner of case cracked off and damaged the corner of the phone - the silver edges.  Also - only had this cover for 2 months and when we took it off (after breaking, the phone would no longer stay in the case) - there were scratches on the back cover where tiny particles had gotten in and stayed and scratched the back cover of the phone.  Just got the phone in January, immediately went and bought this cover  - and the phone looks like it has been severely mis-treated DUE TO THE COVER!  Same brand of cover for last phone - lasted longer but still scratched and damaged the inside back cover of the phone - WILL NEVER PURCHASE AGAIN.  My "New" Galaxy S4 looks like crap now.
1,Didn't like it was flimsy ..
1,Works just about ok as a phone.	Its died on me 2 times within a year. Search for deep sleep or "does not come on and keeps vibrates 3 times". This device can leave you stranded when needed most. Sony fixed it within warranty and its died again.	Speakerphone quality is less than acceptable.	Not water resistant nor water proof as claimed either - even with tabs tightly shut,	Only good is an excellent camera.	Save your money and buy another device.	Sorry Sony you can do much better and fool less
1,I didn't get all the tools necessary. Ended up shattering my digitizer and wasting 4 hrs of my time. YES 4 HRS, thats how slow I was going and it still shattered my screen so bad now I need a new phone altogether. It's not a lot of money but don't even bother...
1,Constantly loses signal. I kid you not, I have to re load the same web page at least twice every time. and that is with WiFi. with signal i all looking at i will only have to load twice 1 out of 5 times the rest i am looking at a minimum of 4 times.	  When i transferred my SD card to this phone i could no longer access any of my files on the sim card. the phone could read any of them. music voice recording and some pictures. the phone had converted them as well so i no longer could tether to my PC and access them through that. they were now an unknown file type.	  The media speakers don't have a high volume output. there are accessories out there to compensate but it was remarkable how ineffective it was for ambient sound.	  When i try to use any program for more than 20 minutes it heats up and gets glitchy. while using any program i end up killing the battery in 1 hour. all of this tells me the processor is so far bellow par that it is in a constant state of over clocking. high charge consumption difficulty processing the most basic of data. my last phone was a quad core and this never happened.		  when loading app's as simple as google maps it is choppy and rough cut. it takes about any where from 1-5 minutes for it to settle.		  Using the same sim card I had before on a BLU Studio 5.0 I never had data processing issues. I bought Samsung because i trusted there quality. I know better now.	This phone is not worth your money. settle for a knock off and it will run marathons around this phone.		some hard ware is great though. the interface is unique and intriguing.	  I had the choice to have pre loaded slots to place my apps or free lance it in the model i was used to.	  The screen quality was great. the detail in the image was wounder full. I took full advantage of this with taking pictures. i have yet to take video but if it is any thing like the pictures it should be great as long as the processor can keep up.	  I have already dropped this phone 12 times 4 of which were without the case i bought. (for the record the processing problems had occurred prior to the drops. and continued after unabated) no damage to the screen minimal scuffs on a corner of the phone. seems hardy enough for some rough naked handling.	  There is a feature that warns me if i play music too loud with head phones in, so as not to damage my ear drums. it's a nice touch. one day with a caffeine  migraine i was very grateful. the battery saving options are widely versatile and customizable.(no i don't care i made it a word) because of the processing issue i often had it on the grey scale screen.
1,The cables are VERY stiff. Don't like using them because it seems like the weight of the cable, or strength of it would damage a port over time. I like my cables to flop around.
1,This did not work from the moment I got it. It will not turn off. It seems to have a mind of its own. Threw it in a drawer and it's a wrap
1,If you have even slightly sweaty hands this case will feel really greasy, almost all the time. I had to wash it a couple times a day. If you're someone who worries about gross fingerprinty screens, I wouldn't recommend it.
1,Case is great but touch id is so inconsistent it's quite annoying. I have to reso fingerprints every couple of days. I don't kind passcode but apple now uses 6-digit passcode. Why have touch id case if touch id doesnt work????
1,Absolutely the worst screen protectors I have purchased on Amazon.  Both protectors in the package came with 2-3 tiny performations which caused bubbles around them.  No, I did not create air bubbles;  these screens actually came with tiny holes in them.  To add insult to injury, the sides of this protector wouldn't bind correctly to the phone and overall the entire screen is simply not fitting.
1,THE LOW PRICE SHOULD PUT YOU ON GUARD.  THIS IS THE WORST SCREEN PROTECTOR I HAVE EVER PURCHASED.  I HAVE EXTENSIVE CELL PHONE EXPERIENCE AND HAVE HAD TOUCHSCREEN DEVICES FOR YEARS BEGINNING WITH THE PALM TREO.  I HAVE TRIED MANY SCREEN PROTECTORS AND AM AWARE OF WHAT MAKES THEM INSTALL FLAWED.  I OPENED THIS FRESH AND TRIED TO PUT IT ON A NEW GALAXY NOTE.  THE DEVICE SCREEN WAS VIRGIN AND PRISTINE, NO DUST, OIL OR FINGERPRINTS SINCE I HAD JUST REMOVED THE SHIPPING PROTECTOR.	THIS SCREEN PROTECTOR FORMS AIR POCKETS (BUBBLES) DESPITE CAREFUL APPLICATION FROM ONE END TO THE OTHER.  ATTEMPTING TO FORCE THE BUBBLES OUT TO THE CORNER WAS FRUITLESS AND THE IT TOOK SCRATCHES FROM A LINT-FREE MICROFIBRE CLOTH.  IT SCRATCHED SO EASILY IT WILL LOOK BAD WITH A SHORT PERIOD OF USE.  DO NOT BUY THIS SCREEN PROTECTOR!!!	THERE ARE EASILY MANY BETTER ONES THAT APPLY EASILY AND KEEP THAT AS NEW APPEARANCE FOR THE LIFE OF THE PHONE.  I RECOMMEND A SET I PURCHASED MADE BY "ScreenGUARD."  IT APPLIES BUBBLE-FREE, DOES NOT SCRATCH, IS THICK AND HAS AN ANTI-GLARE FINISH THAT TAKES THE SHINY REFLECTIONS OUT.  THEY WERE VERY INEXPENSIVE AND I GOT THEM HERE FROM AMAZON.  THERE WERE SEVERAL IN A PACK AND 20 MONTHS LATER, I AM STILL HAPPY WITH THE FIRST.
1,mine didn't work
1,returned defective product
1,Very disappoint with the item. Used for couple time. Yesterday going the field trip and the power bank died just after 1 hour that left me no phone and no GPS in the middle of the country side in Texas. Get home and plug it to charger, all 4 LED lid up very bright and stay like that all night. Pulled out of the charger and plug in my phone, nothing. Know juice at all. Plug it back to the charger again and there is the 4 LED lid up again.		Bought it in April this year and used less than 10 time. If there is a half star or no star I would give it the right one.
1,its ok but it doesn't fit my Iphone 6 plus that has a protective case on it.	It doesn't allow you to have a case on your iphone and it is really hard to get out.
1,Glass started coming apart from the lcd in just a few days and it did not come with the usb charger that''s suppose to be included
1,I love that the cords are so long, makes things so much more convenient. I hate that these are built with low quality. After a month or so, it would stop charging. I had to switch to another cord and ended up having the same issue. These would be perfect if it actually worked.
1,After charging the battery pack several times like the seller advised , it still wouldn't charge my phone past 40% after 4 hours and the battery was dead. Sorry but this was a Lemon for me.
1,Magnet isn't very strong. Color of the case definitely wasn't the same as the color in the picture.. more like a baby blue. Held it by the strap and my phone fell right out. Would not recommend.
1,I thought this case was nice at first. It was very tight and neat. However I recently tried to plug earphones into the jack and it wouldn't connect to the earphones.  Upon further investigation I found that the cutout for the jack will block the full insertion of the jack.	Alas too late to return it. But you don't have to make the same mistake.
1,It's too gel like for a watch screen saver. Wouldn't but again.
1,Absolutely horrible! Pieces where breaking off where the button parts should be in a short time.
1,This does not fit the Verizon iPhone 4.  Also, please note that THIS IS A FAKE CASE! ITS NOT A TRUE APPLE CASE LIKE IT CLAIMS TO BE
1,I just got it in the mail and I was super excited about it, but it's not working for my Samsung S4. Am I doing something wrong?
1,This cord broke and was unusable after 2 weeks. Would never purchase it again. This is an example of you get what you pay for.
1,This case sucks!! The black inner and softer case is a horrible fit. Its so loose and the buttons don't line up at all. When you try to out the harder, outer case on, the black one messes up. The screen protector was  cheap and doesn't work well. Bubbles up and doesn't look clear. I had to order an ArmourSuit protector. Now that I wasted money on the horrible product, I have to buy another case!
1,I used blackberry phones for many years and for the the last few years I had several iPhones and I recently owned a Galaxy.		PROs:	Small, has many preinstalled applications, such as office, maps, twitter,youtube, maps and the media support is also very good. Can stream Audio via bluetooth.		CONs:	This phone has good features when compared to the iPhone/Galaxy however the touch feature is terrible in comparison. Sometimes it responds, sometimes it does not. There are hardly any applications in the store that are useful and installing/uninstalling applications require a full system reboot which is terrible. Furthermore, there is no way to completely turn off this phone, therefore if are having issues you will have to remove the battery. I will definitely NOT recommend this phone to anyone.
1,***Update***	After seven emails with the seller Yerwal... enough is enough. I'm returning it. I explained what the problem was, and was told there is no problem, them seller requests photos, I send photos... then I receive a condescending "there is no problem" reply. Even if this was free, it's not worth the hassle.		All in all great product. I heard from a lot of reviewers that it affects reception. Haven't really tried it yet, worst case scenario I might have to remove the back glass. I really just bought this for the front, the back side was a bonus :)  There's no instructions but it easy enough to install, and after cleaning it thoroughly I was able to remove the annoying spots on the surface. Glass cleaner helps remove what looks like oxidation. but when I turned on the phone I noticed this vertical line on the left side of the screen, cleaning did not remove it. So i'm contacting  the seller to try and replace it.		Pros: Real glass, really shiny, easy to install comes with a bonus cable organizer?	Cons: No instructions		All in all except for the vertical line, it's a good buy.
1,Broke and at times just didn't connect highly rated but feel there's better
1,*BUYER BEWARE* An unlocked phone makes a great purchase, just plug in a SIM card and go, except a major problem and issue with LG is that the company DOES NOT honor their 1-year manufacturer's warranty for unlocked phones. So if you purchase this phone and have any issues, LG will repair for a fee. Note that LG does not have ANY written policy or mention (in the warranty documentation that comes with the phone, company website or repair webpages) about unlocked phones being out of warranty. This is solely reported AFTER the phones are sent to be repaired. Bottom line: If you want to pay for an LG phone and are willing to buy a new one if any issues come up after a year, then go for it. Otherwise, if you want a company that will stand by their products for at least a year after purchase, then you may want to skip LG.
1,Doesn't fit my Iphone 4s to charge - false advertisement will be returning them
1,I loved this case because is was nice and durable. But unfortunately once the white started to get dirty, it looked terrible. Wouldn't buy again.
1,Don't bother!	Halo effect and a terrible fit!	No matter what you do the borders never touch the screen leaving a big gap all around that will collect dust and the separation will drive you crazy!
1,Not sure why I bought this. Don't use it but it is exactly what was promised.
1,Just so everyone knows, the glitter on the back is just a picture painted on
1,Fits great,looks great, feels great. only con is gets dirty fast and impossible to clean (white). Love the look though, received many compliments that the case is sophisticated and compliments the phone nicely. 2stars cuz I threw it away in a month cuz it got dirty and is impossible to clean.
1,Bought this as a gift for my girlfriend at the time and as she put it, it made her queezy to look at it. LOL! Go to [...] if you really want a real deal durable clear plastic cover for your phones and ipods!
1,Flimsy cards fall out
1,Product didn't properly fit my tablet!
1,I'm being nice by giving this product one star. It can't hold my cards, I don't need to bring a lot; just my license, and debit card. It's too loose. Yeah, it can hold 10 cards but that's what a wallet is for. The grip deserves the one star, but I could have bought one for less, and I don't really need it.  So I'm out $10, and still don't have a card holder.  Not happy.
1,At first the lights lit, and both USB ports worked, maybe for the first hour. Then the high amperage port quit.  No output. But the 1 amp port did work for a few days. Then the 1 amp port quit and not lights would not light.  I charged it several times, and the blue lights will light.  The 1 amp port 'came back' but the 2.4 amp port won't work at all. Also, does not deliver much charge to my phone. Tried several different cables. No luck. I will be returning this product.
1,If you are looking at this because your watch face keeps falling off try a bit of gorilla glue in the corners. Taptics still work and fixes the problem. Hand lotions and oils break down the gasket seal of original
1,The 'sides' that hold the phone are very thin, and I can picture they will fail with any regular use. I should have returned within 30 days to Amazon, I waited too long and now it is too late. I would not recommend this to someone, I would not buy again. IMO dollar store quality folks...
1,The phone is half broke.as soon as my friend come over sense sale said I could return i will be..i am clueless on how to do that.it freeze up on all time. Half time I can not call out or email people on my phone.i return to phone.never got my refund.
1,terrible
1,Not man enough for the job. My wife has gone back to using mine which is about 2000mAh.		Update 10/17/16: Following Lumsung offering to replace my unit, I responded to them and they have ignored my communication.
1,I bought this for my Iphone 5.  Although it states Companion for IPhone 5/5S/5C,  its really for a much bigger phone.  Yes they fit, but so would and Iphone 6 Plus.  It was way too big for my 5, so I had to send it back.
1,Item received very quickly.  Would not charge my device.
1,When you punch the button is hard with the case.
1,I purchase this battery back in 2013 and use two worked well, try to change for the third time, all three remaining new batteries are dead, evidently shelf life on these are not the best.  If you are like me changing occasionally, getting large pack don't pay off.
1,It is definetly a really junky cover . I threw it in the trash after waiting about 3 weeks
1,it is beautiful, but very hard to open the phone when it's folded. User interface design is hard to understand,  people buying this kind of phone mainly are old fashioned folks, why make the interface so hard for them to use?
1,good for 3 days, the bottom right corner is loose after 3 days.
1,Dirty easily. I must to use it because is scarce product..
1,The connection is good only at home. 20 miles away from home, you get connection only by LUCK. Do NOT depend on it.		To add airtime from Tracfone is extremely painful:		If add it from their website (most of time it ends up ERROR and ask you to call the service representative), the webpage asks a lot of unnecessary information, then sends hundreds digits you have to key in to your cell phone.		If add it thru calling their service representative, the representative will try to STEAL YOUR IDENTITY by ask you all unrelated information. Besides credit card and your cell phone ID, they ask:	* Name	* Address	* Other cell phone numbers	* Social Security Number!!!!!!!!!!!!!	* Birthday?????????????????		If you refuse to answer the question, they will argue that 'Our System Requires It'. Who cares about their system? I do care about my own IDENTITY SAFETY.		However, if you still want to jump into the trap, there is a way to beat their stealing:	***** Besides credit number and you cell phone ID, give them all FAKE information. ****		I tried the strategy, and it works
1,Purchased the pouch for the Galaxy note II. Very roomy, holds Note II plus cover. The design is great. Draw back to this case is the belt clip which started to tear off after about a week of use. Material for belt loop and clip could be made stronger. This is why I'm giving only two stars.
1,This is exactly the same product as the MAG12V except that the MAG12VB comes in an "easy open" paper box and costs about 1/3 more.  I called the manufacturer to confirm this was the difference.		On the other hand, I noticed that the metal plates that come with the MAG12VB have pre-drilled holes which might come in handy if you have a rubber cell phone case like mine that is too thick to allow a strong attraction between the magnet and a metal plate mounted inside the case.  I found that the glue on the metal plate does not stick very well to rubber such that a plate mounted on the outside of the rubber case tends to separate from the phone and stay on the magnet when you remove the phone from the stand.  I used the holes to tie the plate to the outside of the rubber phone case using a needle and sewing thread.
1,Broke my phone trying to do this. Good luck.
1,The product left a lot of air bubbles and did not stick to phone would not purchase again. very unhappy
1,weird texture.
1,Absolute junk. Shutter button broke on third picture taken. Complete waste of money. Also took seven weeks for the seller to get it to me.		EDIT: Seller contacted me after this review was posted and offered full refund. I thought this was very kind of them, and promised to amend this review. While I still consider the item to be junk, the seller was excellent and really acted in a positive manner to fix this issue. Thanks!
1,Once installed this screen has a very noticeable and sharp edge where the screen meets the frame. Makes it ENTIRELY more probable to breaking when dropped along with other poor quality issues. Super bummed. No one on Amazon sells a decent 6 Plus screen, even online elsewhere good luck. Pay Apple and get it fixed right
1,To dark way to dark i had to take it off & stop using this privacy screen. Wouldnt suggest it.
