0,Liked these shoes very much but they were too short for my foot.  Also the toe box design was a little uncomfortable on my foot.  I did not reorder this shoe but am sure it is just my foot that was the issue.
0,Beautiful product and great fit!
0,Love my shoes they went so great with my. Bodycon dress
0,I love my shoes
0,My kids live in Crocs. I love them because they're suitable for every possible situation (except for cold, of course) - water, sand, heat, long walks, etc. I never have to carry multiple shoes for different situations and change them constantly. They also work well as inside slippers or outside shoes you can just slip on and off quickly.
0,I have a shoe/boot love with hundreds of pairs to my growing collection!  This is by far the highest quality most comfortable boot that I have ever worn!  The craftsmanship and quality materials are definately worth the price of admission for this product!  I highly reccomend these for any purpose!
0,great deal fit perfect
0,My wife loved her 1st Carhartt (who doesn't?), I am glad I read the reviews as I almost ordered a L instead of XL, 1/2 size big is always better than never use 1/2 size too small, and allows for a layer or two. The color is identical to the illustrations, the zipper works flawlessly. It has become her stay in the car sweater (the one she uses). Ideal for 40-55 days, probably too hot of over 55 and not the best option for under 40 without layering. Happy wife, happy life!
0,Very flattering.
0,Love these boots, they're breaking in really nice.		However, they were not without an initial problem.	I wear a size 10 1/2, sized down to a 10. The fit is perfect except the left boot was so tight across the top of my foot it hurt.	So tight in fact that a crease instantly formed from stitch point to stitch point (see photo).		Fortunately, I learned a trick in the Army, when buying a new pair of Corcoran boots.	Take a cotton ball soaked in rubbing alcohol and dab the problem area. While dabbing, I felt the leather loosen instantly and it was a relief.	Though if you notice in the photo this removed quite a bit of the leather dye. Something to consider if you're looking to keep these pristine.	I am not.		I'm giving these boots 4 stars based on the mismatched fit issue and the fact that mine were made in China and did not come with that funky, nostalgic red 60s font "Clark's Originals" logo on the insole. I know it's petty, but I really like that.
0,Nice
0,Ok
0,Quality pocket T's.  They are a tad long and I am not a short torso'd man but the quality is superb with excellent color choices
0,Good quality but a little too small
0,Sweater darker than in picture but lovely addition to my sweater collection
0,You know what you are getting when you purchase Levis. These jeans fit great all day long. I love the bit of stretch so I don't get saggy rear by the end of the day. These jeans arrived quickly and look just like the photo. They are skinny jeans, but not jeggings. They don't fit tight around the ankle. They are more of a skinny straight jean. That's good though so they can fit over boots or be cuffed to wear with booties. I am ordering another pair.
0,My husband, for Christmas, asked for a "Dressier Sweatshirt".  He wears plain old sweatshirts around the house in the winter.  They're comfy and warm.  But if we're going to visit the grandkids and he's going to be outside, a "dressier" sweatshirt looks better.  So, of course, I didn't hesitate to order this navy Carhartt Crew Neck Sweatshirt.	He liked it and has already worn it.  After washing, it looks good as new.
0,This purse looks better in person. Beautiful
0,Perfect
0,i love it
0,I am quite pleased with my item. It showed up in the estimated time frame I was given. Even though the balls of the ring FEELS very cheaply made, it looks very elegant still and the diamonds have not came off. I have not dared to sleep or shower with the ring in yet. It twists on very tightly which is a very big PLUS+++. I always dread that my belly rings will fall out given they don't always fasten the best but this one specifically has not scared me yet. I very well recommend this belly ring. It goes with anything(:
0,Very nice and fluffy
0,Used this shoes with a Altra Men's stability wedge from an old pair of Altra Provison 1.5 and got a good cushioning zero drop/stable shoe that is light and breathable results when comparing with the Altra Povsion 2.0.		What remains to see is how long the shoe will last. I've to downgrade to 4 star, as the shoe is not durable. The carbon rubber at the sole off with barely 200KM of usage. I have to apply adhesive to glue it back. Lets see how long it holds up.
0,Very nice looking jacket.  Fits my grandson perfectly and zips up easy.  Warm enough for a chilly California night.
0,I perfect gift for my boyfriend.
0,I love these jeans. They are made of a stretchy fabric, so I can move however I want and they don't slip down, but they are thick enough so they don't show every dimple.  They are attractive and have a slimming quality and I love the detail on the back pockets.
0,These are the best fitting sandals! The provide a great deal of comfort and support. You can dress them up or dress them down. I bought them for a 2 week trip and not once had a blister, now that's something!
0,Waited to have a few trips under my belt before I reviewed.		First bought for backpacking to Peru. Used the small day pack for the Inca trail hike.  It was perfect.  I slipped a camelback bladder into the laptop pocket and it worked like a charm.		Just got back from Turkey and again loved this bag.		As others mentioned, I don't see how I wouldn't topple over having both bags on my back.  Having the day pack snapped in front is the way to go. This being said it really is such clever design. It was so secure and easy to travel around like that.		As far as using the large bag as your carry on and small as your personal item I've had mixed results.	For the Peru trip they made me check it (small size).  Granted it was fully backed.	For the Turkey trip, I used cubes and packed substantially less, and they let me carry it on. I nearly hugged the airline woman.		This is such a great pack and I can't wait to have more adventures with it.
0,Great back pack
0,These are excellent for cycling! They are much more comfortable than expected. I purchased the "black" ones and I like how dark the tinted lens is. They are extremely lightweight and comfortable. Much happier than I thought I'd be with these $7 sunglasses!
0,My husband is very happy with my present!
0,I bought it for my daughter-in-law & she loved it. I bought her 6 more in different colors. They are really soft & the price is great!
0,Very nice, soft natural fabric, not too flimsy, hugs nicely
0,a little thin
0,Very cute& good value for the price
0,Bought these for my daughter. She had a pair and wore them out wearing them ALL the time. She likes them because they are so comfy. Great looking boots.
0,These are fantastic! Truly look like jeans on but are lightweight and comfy like yoga pants. I'm about 155lbs and usually wear a 10 and the medium/large fit perfect. Buying more!
0,Thanks, my mom loved them. However, she likes the toms flag and she did not get one with this pair
0,I love this shirt! Fits perfect and so comfy..
0,Really nice, well-made knit socks. Good variety of colors and fast shipping. The price was good too.
0,No complaints.  Item was as expected
0,These are great. I bought 10.5 even though I wear 11.5. a real good fit for sandals.
0,This jelly bag from Zicac has more detailing than most of the fabric totes I've seen lately. Back in the original day of the jelly (yes, I am that old), it was cool enough to be shiny and transparent.		The "bag" actually comes with two bags -- the transparent tote and the opaque black bag. I'll talk about the opaque black bag first.		I wasn't sure what to expect from the black bag because there wasn't a good photo of it, so I took a photo for you. A very young person could probably get away with carrying the black bag and its clip on shoulder/cross-body strap as an actual purse; the rest of us not so much. Why? The bag itself is constructed out of PVC and has no defined shape. It's just odd. Plus, the hardware is inexpensive, and you notice that where the handle clips onto the bag.		As a companion to the tote, the black bag is a stroke of genius. The problem with transparent totes is that they are, well, transparent. They inevitably look messy. And even if you don't care about that, most women don't want to go to the beach or the club and broadcast their tampon brand. Put those and anything else that makes the trip to the bathroom with you in the black bag and boom: the transparent tote has order and dignity.		The tote itself is well-made for a value-priced bag. It's clear that some effort has been made to differentiate this bag from a basic:		  * Handles are long enough to be a shoulder bag	  * Metal "faux bow" detail on one side	  * Real lace (fabric, not PVC) on one side	  * Metal feet on the base of the bag		All of those details are done with thrift as this bag is reasonably priced and the PVC is just as thick as any other jelly bag I have owned. The sacrifice you make is that the manufacturer knows that the metal details will probably not stay looking great forever. I give them credit for recommending that the gold-tone detailing be "coated with clear nail varnish" to maintain its finish. They also have recommendations on the tag for keeping the zippers working and looking good.		For a trendy item that I'm not going to own for years, I'll happily trade the lower price for the higher quality metals and zippers. (Now, if the zippers don't survive summer, I'll be back to let you know. But they seem totes fine so far. And I sat and opened and closed them through like three episodes of Quantico, driving my family insane. I just didn't want them to fail on me in a month. Zealot? Yes, I am.)		The only other thing to keep in mind with this bag is the size. I originally had the beach in mind because it is called "beach bag." It turns out that I do not pack light and 14" wide isn't nearly enough. Also, with the fabric lace on the outside of the bag, it didn't strike me as the most practical for a beach goer. I did check with the maker, and the lace can be rinsed with warm water to clean, so you can treat it just like you would usually treat a jelly bag.		This item was provided to me at no charge in return for writing this honest and unbiased review.
0,excelent watch
0,I was very surprised at how they fit. They were perfect i love them. Thanks
0,Soft and comfy!  Pretty much all I want in an exercise shirt.
0,Cap is very nice looking with a good fit.
0,The polarized lenses give a sharper image than non-polarized lenses.  They are light, comfortable, and fit well.
0,Super cute, great buy!
0,Very cute, but the material is strange... It held up through the wash so I suppose I can't complain. The booties are precious, and the bib is so sweet. I'm a happy momma.
0,Given my large stature I was looking for a pair of shorts that would accommodate and still be accomplished bit baggy and below the knee. These fit great as I was fully expecting. When I need to buy more I'll definitely be buying more of these. They could offer a bit more of a color selection for the larger sizes though.
0,Great pair of crocs!  Very comfortable, attractive, great style.  Dressy causual.
0,I resisted for years, but finally caved after mislaying my glasses once too often or having them slip off the top of my head to the floor, to be stepped on, broken in the fall, or scratched. I settled on Peeper Keepers and I couldn't be more thrilled. Their "Stay Put" grip ends work very well, don't get in my way, indeed do stay put, and are surprisingly unobtrusive (more so than others I've seen). I purchased the set containing one each of red, white, and blue. I could wish for more ordering flexibility as to color choices/combinations, but otherwise, these are very nice indeed -- and I've been looking at this type of product for years. As a beading hobbyist, I even tried making my own with the rubber loop retainer you can buy in hobby stores and online, but these were failures on many levels. I highly recommend Peeper Keepers, and I'm loving the red one in particular. If you're wavering on the line, or not happy with your current product, give these a try -- you may be glad you did!
0,I am so glad I purchased these super comfortable from marathon training to everyday wear. I love the color combination too! Breathable Fabric and flexible sole while still supporting your feet.
0,Me and my wife loves it because of the design and the quality of it. Thanks!!!
0,great price item was as described
0,Great top! I am not a small girl, I think I got an XL? It fits well, and somehow the material manages to mask the bad stuff for the most part. I will definitely buy more!
0,He absolutely loved these. They are perfect for his work, very comfortable.  They feel like athletic shoes instead of work shoes!
0,Wash before you wear  Very soft after washing.
0,Good
0,I loved the look of these sandals online and wanted a navy blue to go with all the navy blue that I wear. Beautiful quality and style. They're my first Merrell sandal and I'm impressed. I like the style of the heel rather than the chunky style you see so much of. The upper strap is high enough to keep them on without sliding off as so many do, and the padding of the sole is perfect. I'm really happy with these sandals and will be looking to buy more Merrell products!
0,A tall curvy lady will love this dress! It looks stunning on me. Length is perfect. Soft fabric. Excellent decision to purchase.
0,I LOVE THESE SHOES!!
0,Actually, I'm writing this review a wee bit early.  I had intended to wait to wear the tees a couple of months.  But Amazon nudged me for a review so I'll tell you what I know so far.  I've worn these tees a week now and no complaints.  They were a wee bit larger than I expected although that may be saying that other tees are generally smaller than expected.  The quality seems good, and I really don't know why I won't be able to wear these shirts a couple fo years or more.  What I don't know is whether they will develop "bacon neck" as the Hanes commercial puts it.  But, I'll keep a good thought about that and will let you know, unless I forget or have something more important on my mind.
0,These are high quality slippers that are extremely comfortable.  They are also very easy to walk in and I have no fear of slipping.  Finding great slippers is quite important to me as I have MS and walking can be a challenge --- safe, secure, and comfortable in these slippers.
0,I love crocs, I can't wait to put them on when I get home.  The person I bought these for lives in the mountains and it gets pretty cold so I decided to buy him these lined crocs.
0,Love them!
0,Beautiful shirt. I love it
0,Love them!!! Very comfortable jeans!
0,This is a great watch...especially for the price.  I've only had it for a week, so can't give any long-term knowledge, but I love it so far.  It keeps perfect time and very easy to read.
0,my wife love the color,but the stripe is too long for A small person
0,I just put the Linen colored hose on & don't want to take them off.  When can you ever say that about pantyhose?  High quality & so comfortable - the holy grail in plus size hosiery.  Use the size chart & be honest.  Don't let the numbers scare you into ordering too small.  You will be so happy when you put them on.  One pair & I am a Berkshire customer for life!
0,I like this shirt, I just wish the length was longer. As an assistant manager I want to look professional, without having to tuck my shirt in every few minutes because I did a little work.
0,Surprisingly for the amont paid the quality was better than I expected. My daughter loved it she had the best Halloween. One point: the skirt is made out of very delicate material and can snag easily.
0,Take a step into the life of the man, the legend, Kenny Powers! The shirt was of better quality than I had expected but is still very very lightweight cotton.
0,fast delivery . product meets expectations
0,I've been re-ordering these for years, and loved finding it on Amazon. They've improved the product recently, so it wears longer without elastic popping in places. I love it.
0,love 'em
0,Love these.  They are small, but that's what I wanted.  Very comfortable for wearing every day and I can sleep in them comfortable.  Hinge design makes them easy to put on and close.  They look great ... pretty and unique.  Very happy with them ... just what I wanted.
0,good as expected
0,Really nice flip flops. Love the soft material. Wish I could get it in more colors though.
0,Perfect!  Comfortable with the very first wearing.  I have another pair, and they suit the purpose.
0,Perfect ladies oxford shoe.  Comfortable all for walking all day.  I have this shoe in two colors. A good shoe for women who wear regular-width shoes on the narrow side of regular.
0,Very good sturdy shirt. Fits nicely.
0,These shoes are incredibly comfortable and look really cute, too. I can walk in them all day long. Very true to size.
0,Love this for low cut back
0,Good pair of shoes. Are a little snug in the toe area.
0,great quality, love it!
0,Good for warmth in the house.  Comfortable enough, but do not expect these to fit like a shoe with arch support.
0,These are without question the most comfortable button down shirts I have ever worn.  I wish I could find them in solid colors like white and then it might make wearing a tie tolerable.
0,Fit true to size, and seem sturdy and comfortable. My daughter loves them.
0,Light and comfortable.  Love these shoes.
0,Beautiful, eye-catching ring with a large opal (9 mm x 7 mm) ringed by 10 large and 10 smaller garnets (deep orange). The ring is sturdy and smooth, the frame for the gems elegant and well made. The opal itself has a deep red fire that matches the color of the garnets well. Wearing it and showing it to her female friends, my wife got quite a few complements. So I highly recommend it for the quality of the workmanship, the vibrancy of the gems, and the elegant and attractive style.
0,I love, love this maxi! The cinch lays perfect under the chest creating a nice design. I'm 5'5 and it falls to a perfect spot right above my feet so it's not dragging. My only bugaboo is that it's pretty thin so if you have any sort of crooked curves, as I do, you can see everything! Make sure to get skivvies that won't show through the fabric either. I ordered the blue color and the photo online is slightly different..It's more of a deep turquoise, which I still love! It also fits true to size. I bought this dress at a discounted orice for my honest review.
0,Nice fit.  I like the expandable waist band to maintain a comfortable fit throughout the day.
0,VERY DAINTY
0,Started wearing these back in the 1970's ,they are the same as always....  You either love them or hate them, no in between..	The do run a little big so you may want to down size one size. You will have Happy Feet always !!!!!!
0,I got the denim color boots. It fit well, a little wide in toe box area. But then I am planning on wearing heavy socks, so it doesn't bother me.  The zippers for card slot need lubrication, it's an easy fix with a drop of baby oil or whatever oil.	My only complaint is that the rubber soles are rather flimsy, the grooves are not pronounced enough. I wish that it comes with a thicker rubber soles, like dr. Martins. Overall, I like it, and will get another pair, but I won't be wearing it for icy conditions.
0,good
0,Really cool addition to my wardrobe. Fits and is flattering and price is low. Glad i bought this, especially like the cute ribbon ties at the shoulders!
0,I bought these for a Christmas gift exchange game we play. They were a hit. All the females playing wanted them.
0,Perfect shimmery slick material
0,I bought these in my size, despite reviews that they might be snug, but they fit just fine. My husband bought a pair in a size bigger and they're too big. Unless you have wide feet I don't recommend a larger size.		That being said, they're so comfortable and last a while. I'm definitely getting me some more.
0,My girlfriend loves it, has gotten lots of compliments.
0,Great looking. Great price!
0,Good
0,great
0,These are perfect for a what I need! I bought these for work since I am in and out of homes all day and needed something I could easily take off and put back on. I work in water treatment, so many times I am outside and my feet get wet, then I have to wear wet shoes all day. These are absolutely perfect. If they get wet, I just dry them off with a towel. My feet also sweat, so these are easy to clean and keep from smelling. The soles are also extremely comfortable! More so than you would think when the shoes weigh as much as a pencil.		My only issue so far is that they are god awful ugly on my feet. I have wide feet and these look horrible. I would never wear them anywhere but for work. They also rub a little bit on my pinky toes which becomes uncomfortable throughout the day. It may just be an issue during the wear in period. Other than that, perfect.
0,Great wallet. Looks a lot more expensive than it is.
0,LOVE THEM.  GREAT PRICE, GREAT COLOR.
0,I had a million compliments on this dress.  I wore it to an outdoor wedding with a tutu skirt and I probably could of done without the tutu.  It just kept the skirt full looking.  The material is stretchy and not soft like cotton but I still loved the fit.  It's very flattering.
0,This works as expected and will barely take up any room in my suitcase.  My only complaint is that the lip that goes up on my forehead is not tall enough to reach up to my hairline like a normal visor would.  I will have to tilt it up or wear it a little higher than usual in order to avoid having a tan stripe right by my hairline.
0,Nice shoes!
0,I LOVE ANYTHING JESSICA SIMPSON PUTS OUT.  SHE REALLY HAS A FASHION SENSE FOR WOMEN SHOES.  CLASSY, SEXY, AND COMFY.  THIS SANDAL IS ALL 3.  THEY FIT PERFECT!! YOU CAN DRESS THEM UP OR DOWN AND STILL LOOK SEXY.  THE HEEL IS JUST RIGHT!  WILL BE PACKING THEM FOR MY TRIP TO JAMAICA IN A FEW WEEKS FOR WHEN I GO CLUBBING.  I WILL BE GETTING THE BLACK PAIR AS WELL...TWO THUMBS UP JESSICA!!
0,We live in Buffalo, NY, and we had our first time to wear boots a few days ago. These are not only waterproof, but are so comfy and fit well!  They look very nice also.  Would highly recommend.
0,They're comfortable enough. I love that they're an affordable package of plain black underwear. (Why does that seem like such a hard concept for companies selling female underwear???) The seams are pretty thin; not in a bad way, just not what I'm fond of, which is Hanes Premium waistbands and legbands.
0,My husband thinks he should only wear Carhartt shirts to work in, and I am behind him on that. They are made to last, look good, and are stain resistant! Great shirts!!!
0,she liked them just fine.
0,I love these boots. They are comfortable and look great with dresses, skirts and jeans. I had to go up one half size, the toe box was tight, otherwise, they fit very well. If your calves are very round, they might be a little snug at the top.
0,worth it.
0,Love sleeping in these
0,Good quality.
0,Very, very comfortable sandals!  Nice support and easy to wear all day with no discomfort for my problem feet.  The adjustable instep strap is a nice feature.
0,Very comfortable and good quality leather. Love Aerosoles! My feet thank you.
0,Great hat.  Perfect for Sebastian performamce
0,Fits great, looks good.
0,The lenth runs short.
0,Excellent
0,I have purchased several of these for myself and family members. Always fit well.
0,I love it ! It's too cute. Lots of compliments.
0,Very comfortable
0,Great look, but difficult to hear if speaking from under the mask. I bought it for a school play performance. The kids loved it, but Cosby hear my lines very well.
0,Still like em (but did run a little big on him) :)
0,I bought this for my son for his birthday. He loved it. Very nice shirt he said and it fit perfectly.
0,A beautiful blouse. Wonderfully made. I love it.
0,Purchased this as a gift for my neice's baptism. It's a pretty little bracelet and one I hope she will cherish when she is older.
0,Goodworrk
0,This is my first experience with Modernmiss. Wonderful designs. I love everything about this top. It felt a little stiff until the first washing, I think, because of the overdoing  I ab only 5 feet tall and have lost a lot of weight but an still mostly a 16 and this piece fits loosely. I love that I can play with the length by abjuring the sides. Plan to keep loosing weight and look foreword to being able to wear more of these creative designs.
0,IZOD shirts never disappoint. Made well and looks good on my not so great body.
0,Size correct
0,Nice
0,good
0,Got this as a birthday gift for a 5 yo. She loved it!
0,Really nice and stylish jacket. The flower  appliqu is a nice touch
0,nice
0,Purchased for my daughter for her birthday - she love's them.
0,have worn this 2 years in a row .....people complimented me.
0,Nice looking the beads are smaller then i expected but it still look super good on your wrist or neck
0,nice looking and comfortable
0,love i..t so darn adorable and size is nice. It came way before the delivery date and my baby loves it...	I recommend 110%
0,Nice to find these hats. Great fit. Nice assortment. Fair price!
0,Comfy, doesn't shrink much. Everyone loves this tank!
0,Great product!  These are a great fit!!
0,This little dress is absolutely adorable!
0,This is priced exactly for what you get.  It is a very simple watch that goes well with anything.  Its incredibly thin profile also makes it feel like there is nothing on your wrist.  I would definitely recommend this watch to a friend.
0,Very nice
0,I purchase the purse for my mother....she LOVE it!!. she said everywhere she goes she get lots of compliments. I was concern at first and wasn't sure if she would love it as much as I did. When you have a mother that has everything sometime buying anything could be very hard, but when my mother is happy then I am happy. Thank you.
0,Great fit and I dig the style. So I am satisfied. What else can I say.
0,For $7.90, this is a great back pack.  It's not huge, but is great for a preschool or kindergarten child to take their lunch bag and other odds and ends to school, or, you can use it to go to things like the Pumpkin Patch like I did.  It's big enough to hold 3 warm tops, a water bottle, my wallet and my big camera.  There was also still space.  The back pack was comfortable to wear on my back.  It has a main zipper section and a front zipper section which is also quite big.  The black and grey bag is decorated with orange slightly raised/puffy ovals.		I took two photos with a regular 8 x 11 piece of paper so that you can get an idea of the size.
0,I LOVE THIS BRA. The only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is because the straps all the way tightened still don't feel tight enough. I'm a 34C I'm 5'2 and 165lbs I bought this with a under breast corsett and some crotchless fishnets...let's just say my fiance would give this 100stars '
0,A good product but did have a strong smell when received. Had to wash it 3 times to make is so it could be worn. It does a good job of keeping your face warm in cold weather. Especially good for patients undergoing chemo who cannot tolerate the cold. It is easy to slip another hat on top if you don't like the look but need the protection.
0,Hubby loved it
0,Our 4 yr old daughter was so excited when these boots arrived!  She couldn't wait to put them on and try them out!  They fit perfectly and I had no idea what to expect from Vegan leather, but they are incredibly supple and comfortable for her to wear.  The stitching seems very consistent and to be well done.  The sole/heel are nice and thick, too.  The only thing I would like them to do differently is maybe have a non-slip sole.  As soon as our daughter stepped onto the kitchen floor, she slipped.  I added some of the non-slip adhesive labels to the bottom of her boots and that was no longer an issue!		I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased review. I stand by my review and do not give discounted or free products great reviews if they do not deserve them. I count on honest reviews when making purchases as much as you do. If you have any questions about the product, feel free to ask me! I strive to make my reviews helpful, so if you have any suggestions on details that would have made it more helpful for you, please let me know! God bless you and have a great day!
0,Comfy. Fit nice. Really like this sweater. Worth the buy!
0,What can I say
0,CUTE
0,nice
0,great mizuno shoes (wave rider series) . sizes a bit small and not very durable. I alternate these and Kayanos which are more durable
0,i wear these when i paint in the bathtub.
0,I was about to spend $170 for a veil exactly like this one. I'm so happy with this. It doesn't look cheap at all. I would recommend this for anyone.
0,Very light on the feet. Love them.
0,It's beautiful!  Better than what's shown in the picture.  I can't wait to put it on my daughter!
0,The sandals look fine and feel like good quality, but the fit is too big. The size options went from 10D to 11D, and I wear 10.5, so I went with the 11. With pants, they look fine, but with shorts they look a little too big for me. Overall, they are OK.
0,I like it. came on time. It is the right heaviness I was looking for. The jacket was sized correctly.
0,Searched for an affordable and stylish tux for a black tie affair at work, and I ordered this one. It's nice. Really nice style and quality is good, but not great.  I paid 160 US $. I wear a slim 44L. This one runs true to size maybe a little small.  The fabric is 100 wool but not a silky fine suit wool. More like a rental grade tux or a little above.  I don't wear a tux often, but I do wear nice suits to work everyday.  Hugo Boss, Canalli, Ben Sherman ... this is not to that grade but will due for one evening a night with my girlfriend and my bossses at dinner. I wore a thin tie and tie clip with a regular with shirt and it looked very stylish. Pants are unhemmed so you'll need to get that done at a dry cleaners.  Hope that helps !  Cheers.
0,Fit perfectly. Love these! Arrived on time.
0,We travel a lot and need some garment bags. What we saw in the big box stores was very expensive.  That is when we went on line.  More than satisfied.
0,Old pair wore out so I knew the exact size I needed
0,I sent this to my Assistant Manager who was leaving the company as a going away gift. It arrived way ahead of its expected arrive date which was great and he loved it.
0,surprised with the quality and the manufacture of this product super happy excellent service
0,Great
0,bessisimas
0,We will see how long they hold up, but so far I like them. They are very stylish (to my style anway) and very comfortable. I would recommend and will probably buy a pair in black, as well...
0,Love these sandles!
0,I love them! The colors are great and the fit is perfect! Very cute too
0,A gift so I hope she will like it. a cute tutu
0,Love these leggings!  I'm tall (5' 11") and chubby (16-18) and these fit wonderfully.  I love how soft and comfy they are, and the colors and bright and vivid.
0,Perfect that they sell this on here and in a pack. All of them fit my toddler just fine and I definitely recommend this product.
0,I got this bikini after I ordered it in an XS on amazon and that one just DID NOT fit for the life of me. I order this one hoping that it would at least fit me lengthwise in the torso and would cover my chest so that I wasn't popping out. It is still a bit small on me, but I like it that way so that it won't feel like it will fall off. It is very showy on the sides, lots of sideboob, but covers my bottom quite well. I am keeping it because I like the idea of putting jeans over it and making it look like a body suit until I need to go in the water and won't have to change. Also, the price is definitely quite worthwhile, $12.99. Although it is a bit small, I still like it and think it covers what I need covered. I am 5'3", 125-130-ish lbs, and a 32D.
0,Beautiful!! Great quality!
0,great minimalist distance shoe.  they wear out rather quickly.
0,Beautiful dress and very flattering if you're overweight. I love how comfortable and flowing it is. It drapes over my body in just the right way.
0,Other than my Merrell sandals these shoes are all I ware. For walking, hiking and everyday. Great product!
0,Love the color and style of this dress. Very flattering!!
0,Looks a little cheap but I guess for the price
0,I bought a Size 11 because it was juniors. So glad I did. I usually wear a 7-9.  So comfy and casual
0,Writing this makes me miss the show:( Can't believe it's over.... At least we have our tees!
0,Good product, soft material. A little larger than i expected but oh well. Overall happy with the purchase and purchased 4 more just a size smaller.
0,I love these shoes! They are a true classic and summer closet staple. Every time I wear these I get a lot of compliments. The shoes are also very comfortable to walk and stand in.
0,Just what I expected, great item for the price!
0,Five stars even thought they are a little too large for the size I ordered. But they are Mai ly being worn as "slipers" around my house so it's not a real big deal
0,This a great watch to help my daughter learn to tell time.  The hour and minute hands are color coordinated so easy to tell which is which.  I also like the inner ring with the minutes increment.
0,Beautiful, just like the picture.
0,The bracelet looks just like the picture.  I am totally satisfied with it.  Ordering more as soon as I can.
0,Cheap, comfy pants I won't feel guilty replacing after 100 washes.
0,This brand runs small.  So returned a small and bought a medium.  Very cute shirt!
0,My child loved this!
0,This bag is lightweight and holds phone, passport and more! The outside pockets are perfect for getting to things quickly. There is a wrist strap in addition to shoulder strap. Can also be worn on a belt. I got 2!
0,Looks great on my boots
0,Cute and smart style. Perfect size. Appropriate height and width. I am asian under 160cm and small foot.
0,Really pretty top that looks good wit white, faded denim, or red-orange color.
0,love this, but it was a lot bigger than expected.
0,I needed a smaller size runs a little big with see through material
0,These shorts are great for work, very durable! The only complaint I have is the belt loops are really small and it's hard to get my belt through them.
0,These are NOT at all what I was hoping for. Im looking for tagless soft waist band low rise. However, these are cute and soft enough I will keep them.
0,Very comfortable light robe and great price.  I'm 5'11 so most shorter robes like this end up being too short for me but this one is the perfect length.
0,The cubic zirconia stones looks even more like diamonds since no individual stone is big. The ring is dazzling.		While I liked but didn't love the design, my wife and her cousins immediately did. There's nothing to not like about this ring, from their points of view, and it is an attractive ring.		It's a good value too.
0,Colorful and good quality
0,perfect for my job
0,I had no idea how much better it is to wear maternity undies :) these are good quality and look cute while comfortable.
0,This is a well made jacket for the price, though it is small and does not button fully when worn. I suggest ordering at least one size larger, especially for big busted gals. As shown in the ad, but buttons are plastic.
0,Nice trim fit and color.
0,i like it
0,easy on/easy off - very comfy -- I love 'em
0,shoes run big, but very good quality
0,First off let me say that I have a pair of the Rounderbum	So with that being said I like the Leo's just a little bit better because of the the way they feel and that the pads are made better than the Rounderbum. Leo's give you more lift than the Rounderbum. Order one size bigger than your size. I have a 30 inch waist but I ordered a med and fits perfect.  The pads from the Leo's	Will fit in the Rounderbum and are easy to install.  The Rounderbum pads will fit in the Leo' but you have to work with them a bit. All in all the Leo's cost more but it shows in quality.
0,Fits as expected and is comfortable wear.
0,I think these are so pretty! I bought a size 9 which is the smaller end of the 2 sizes I wear (usually get 9 or 9 1/2) and they fit perfect, not too tight or loose. I think if I had gotten a 9 1/2 they would have been too big. To me the quality looks pretty good but I know you get what you pay for and these are pretty cheap so I'm not expecting them to last forever.
0,Perfect gift for my bridesmaids.  The shipping was later then promised though.  Still love the product.
0,I wear it all the time
0,Very cute, just what I ordered. Got a great deal and it seems true to size.  Can't wait to have her wear it!  Lined and great quality
0,These jeans are very nice.  The fabric is of good quality and the fit was perfect, except for the length.  I needed to have them hemmed because I wanted to wear them as ankle jeans. ( I am 5'1")
0,This is my second time using this shaper post C section. It's a pretty serious shaper, but it works so well & is WAY more discreet under clothing than other belly bands.		I waited 2 weeks using a normal belly band before using this one.
0,Perfect fit with some room to grow. Material is soft and overall a super cute outfit
0,It's a narrow shoe so had to get 1/2 size larger which, with the white toe makes it look long but my husband is satisfied
0,Super cute.
0,My husband has had his for about 3 years now and wears them often. They still look great! I purchased myself these flip flops about 6 months ago and they are great as well. Well made and looks great! Feels and fits comfortably
0,good
0,Awesome boot overall. Very comfortable and stylish. Very durable and comfortable. Leather gives it an awesome look. Would highly recommend.
0,I purchased these because I walk on the outer edges of my feet (supination) and these were rated well by many runners with similar issues.  They are VERY comfortable.  GREAT cushioning, and I could feel my gait improve as soon as I put them on.  They run somewhat small. I usually wear a 9M women's and these fit a bit snug (but they felt perfect nonetheless!).
0,Great product!!!!! Very happy!!!!!!	Thanks Amazon	Jeff G.
0,Works great for maternity or nursing. Nothing amazing about it though.
0,I've got narrow hips so the thermal pants were a little large for me. But overall I am pleased with these purchase. Both pieces are so comfortable.
0,Great Construction, but the wallet does not like to stay closed when the passport is in. Not a problem if it's in your bag or pocket, but a bit annoying when handling it.
0,I love these shoes!  The fit and comfort is much better than the cadence 5.
0,CUTE,CUTE
0,I actually give it 10 stars! I absolutely love this bag! Don't get me started on the smell....The minute I opened the box the aroma from my New 100% Genuine Leather fanny pack hit me in my face! The buckles were wrapped in brand new tissue paper and the bag was stuffed with all new  tissues as well. I am very very pleased with this investment, worth every penny. I must ad one last important detail...I read a lot of the reviews and some women noted that the bag does not stay up. I am a woman with hips and "junk in the trunk" therefore I do not that problem. If you have a thin frame with no hips or backside you might encounter the same problem as the other unsatisfied shoppers.
0,Great quality for the price. I ordered a medium but due to my small bust, returned it for a small. There is plenty of room to expand the waist and cinch the top. Beautiful corset!
0,Good product.
0,My daughter loves them. So cute and comfortable. Gets a lot of compliments on them !
0,Love these Toms
0,Perfect for my needs. I do not like large wallets as I usually just wear cargo: pants, shorts or capris and don't carry handbag.  It is attractive and just the right size.  The RFI D security gives me peace of mind.
0,I bought this for my wife as one of her Christmas gifts last year. It has become one of her must haves while out on the deck having a smoke.
0,Item as described. The 46 mm lenses fit my face perfect.
0,I love crocs! They are the only flip flops I can wear and not have sore feet!	Great support! So glad I discovered them.
0,Very cute costume!
0,I bought this dress in a size large and it fits true to size. I was pleasantly surprised  by the quality of the dress. It worked perfectly for a wine tasting party that I hosted. I have received so many compliments while wearing this.
0,comfortable and washes well
0,These earrings are good for sensitive ears. Mine usually turn red and itch if I wear cheap earrings but these worked fine without any irritation. I bought the 3 cttw size. They are big enough to add some glitz to any outfit but not so big that they weigh down my ears. The post is located at the top of the stud. I would have preferred it to be located in the center but they still look nice. For less than $10 these are pretty great earrings!
0,Awesome!!
0,I absolutely love this hat. It work perfect for what it's designed for. I really like the extra wide brim as well as the rigidness. It keeps my face and neck free from sun. I saw alot of reviews complaining about it I think people expect to much out of a $12 hat. I love this hat.
0,love it love it! I own couple pairs of Converse already - but depends of style ( man sizing, universe sizing or woman sizing) i wear different size. I got 7.5 and it fits perfect, ussually I wear 8 woman. They are also not very narrow so my feet feels very comfortable.
0,The pants themselves are nice need to be made with adjusters. My grand daighter is very petite but length is perfect. Might consider inserting adjusters?
0,A very good shirt for the money.
0,Better than what I expected crystal clear better than my Costa del mar Wich is shocking great fit and stylish
0,These are great.  Nice looking, light weight and super comfortable.  The fit true to size.
0,Never wore these types hats in the past but just went out on a whim and brought this one. I am happy I did. Now I have to wash this think like twice a week because I have been wearing it so much. It add the exact style that I was looking for and give me an easy remedy for those time that I had not manicured my lox. This was a good purchase and I will look for it in other colors as well.
0,Excelente
0,I love them! Perfect for K-State football games!
0,excellent product
0,I read the rewiews that orthers people wrote about this flats and i bought a size less that my regular one (I usually wear 8 and I bought 7) and it fits excellent.  The material is good and the buckle is so nice.
0,As expected. Decent socks.
0,I love these shoes, so I ordered another pair and returned these. They are beautiful and great with everything. THey were just half size too small. This shoe is just too great to not try again.
0,Exactly as described and just what I was looking for.  Perfect.
0,Really nice. Very sophisticated look.
0,This was a gift for my friend who adores dachshunds. She was thrilled to receive this and couldn't thank me enough. It's absolutely adorable!
0,Excellent product
0,Of course not all the pieces were my style so I gave some away but I liked the lot enough to purchase another one.
0,Those are confortable
0,the color is not what i expected..and i love it..definitely an eye catcher..but i wasn't too happy seeing browns spots on the sole of both shoes..which i was able to get off with a wet towel..other than that these i will just add to my collection..
0,I get compliments on these all the times. I find tons of things to wear them with, nice kitten heel so you can wear them all day and not be in pain. The photo and description didn't match so I had to call amazon. They got me an answer in a couple of days and I'm really glad they did bc I love them.
0,Really happy with these shirts as a tall and fat guy. It's hard to find clothes that are inexpensive, fit well, and look good. After getting the first one and wearing it a few times, I quickly ordered 2 more.
0,Just as expected. Very good in quality. My daughter loved it.
0,all excellent 100% recommended
0,I wear these almost everyday--they're neutral enough to go with most outfits but unique enough that I get complements on them.	I highly recommend them!
0,durable/good quality material
0,Bought as a gift for our nephew. He loved it. A little small, but so is he so it's all good.
0,I just luv this bracelet,it's awesome and goes with everything.
0,Good quality
0,As with all Sperry shoes, fits well and looks great!
0,chuuuucks!!
0,These were purchased as a Christmas gift for a young female.  She was (is) well pleased!
0,This company is very reasonable. My 3 time buying here.  Have recommended to others.  Will definitely buy another item in the future.
0,My daughter loves these boots! They are beautiful and she said that they are the most comfortable boots that she owns!
0,Love that this hat fits snuggly, purchased for sons 1st Birthday Cake Smash photos and was hoping it wouldn't be too loose where he could remove it or it would fall off too simply.
0,I really like these leggings. They're very soft and comfortable, and they're not thin or see-through. I do wish they were a bit longer. I don't have exceptionally long legs, and the cuffs end about an inch above my ankle bones. That's just my personal preference, but if you have long legs you might take it into consideration. Overall this is a good product for an excellent price.
0,Nice not too heavy
0,great pants
0,My husband loves these.  He wears them all day at work and the Tall is very comfortable.
0,Order a 1.5 size up. It's a well made shoe. Nice look.
0,very comfortable
0,Nice - just what I ordered
0,We totally love it!
0,Love Levis. Their size remains the same throughout the years.
0,Great looking and very very comfortable!!!
0,I live the lightweight Avua. I'd had an8.5 years ago...knowing Thai wear a 9...so I got a nine. My toes are not pushing up against...until I walk...so...half sizes? But I can wear 8.5's in dress shoes ..and I was wearing a thin ankle sock. I'm sure they'll break in comfortably. I love the style.
0,Great shoes. I have been having some foot issues due to the fact I work on my feet 12 hours a day and these have been working great with less pain in the mornings. Definitely recommend.
0,This dress is very beautiful and I received a lot of compliments when I wore it to a 1920 theme dinner.
0,Update: Vero Monte customer service was very nice and sent a different stocking (Hollow Out Knitted Patterned Tights) that had a smaller size range (5'1"-7"/100-150lbs). This fit me a lot better. I am 5'3" and 130lbs.		However, I do like this dark blue color and the knit pattern better. Wish they had them in smaller sizes. The current size range says: Height: 5'3" - 5'9" / Weight: 110-160lbs. At my size, it ends up slipping when I walk and stretching so it should not be paired with mini-skirts or shorts.
0,I bought these to wear to a local waterpark.  Any time I buy shoes on-line I realize it's a risk, but typically I wear a size 10.  I was concerned these would be too small.  They actually were slightly big.  Of course, this could be because I tried them on without socks, which would have made them fit more snugly.  However, they are not so big I will send them back.  I received them later in the afternoon and it felt so good to try them on after being on my feet all day.  They were extremely comfortable.  I can tell by looking at the soles they will be great in the water.  I love the colors and how they look.  The craftsmanship appears to be top notch.  I would definitely recommend these water shoes to others!  I received this product at a discount in exchange for a fair and unbiased review.
0,It looks very nice. Unfortunately, I can't really say how it works because I bought it for someone else as a Christmas gift. :)
0,Good quality and fits well
0,I will be purchasing all colors
0,Absolutely ADORABLE.  Perfect Easter dress.  My daughter got 1000 ompliments.
0,Perfect Father's Day gift!  LOL
0,Cutest umbrella and very easy for my kids to use on their own.
0,Bought these to go with a bathing suit and since I was so disappointed in the suit, I was at least relieved to see that these exceeede my expectations.
0,love it, looks so pretty and so far so good with durability
0,Super cute
0,Great!!
0,Really like this piece. Looked great and fast delivery. Can see some glue on the turquoise piece but only if you look carefully. Looks like real turquoise have gotten lots of compliments. I am really loving the look. Perfect length!
0,My son loves these pajamas.  He rolls out of covers during the winter so these are great. I know he's covered all night.  He loves playing with them on and talked about having similar ones when he was smaller.
0,perfect
0,Nice for the price
0,Bought this in both black and red, love these hats!
0,Awesome fit!!  Cute too!
0,Too small for the wife. Had to return for a larger size.
0,My husband loves these, they are very soft and cooling. The only complaint he has is that they do not have a fly opening in front. Also, the green is more like mint. He is still happy with the priduct.
0,THESE ARE GREAT SHOES FOR THE VALUE, AND GOOD FOR A LITTLE HIGH ARCH.
0,Great backpack! Nice size for a middle schooler to carry around a bunch of big binders & books. Seems durable too.
0,Ordered the boots since I love the Jambu sandels similar to this.  I bought a pair of the Rose flower ones this summer for a wedding which were really easy to wear in because of the "elastic front."  These boots are really soft and have a cushioned inside sole which is easy to walk on but because the boot totally covers my foot I have to wear them in.  I have bunions and high arches so I expected them to have a wearing-in time.  I love the boots, however - they look terrific with skinny jeans.  Very well made.
0,Unlike the Men's product this shoe has a reasonable arch and is fairly easy to get on.  The material is however very unforgiving so unless you foot is the most perfect God ever made it may be a bit uncomfortable.
0,Great style and fit
0,love them
0,Wife loved the fit
0,I love these flats! They're so cute! I just wish they came in 1/2 sizes. the 9 is too tight and 10 too big, but i still wear them
0,nice fit
0,Very good running shoes. Just what I expected
0,I just got this bag in Pacific blue and the color is simply breathtaking.  I zipped, unzipped, zipped and unzipped more.  There are slots everywhere.  I was pleasantly surprised at the shiny, smooth strap which is slightly off color from the main purse.  I wore it out for lunch without adjusting the strap, so just over my shoulder.  I discovered that because of the slick material of the strap, it slides easily off the shoulder --- so, this bag is definitely meant to be worn cross body, which is what I was intending anyway.  I have an iPhone 6Plus and like to keep it and my keys separated for fear of scratching the phone.  On first use, I put my phone in the top zippered pocket and my keys in the lower one ... making both quickly available.  I zipped up each halfway so the bag wasn't hanging open.  My wallet fits inside.  That's just the first configuration that worked.  Can't wait to become acquainted with it and find other ways to make it meet my requirements.  The color is so yummy!		11-5-15 Update:	I ordered another one in Espresso.  I quickly noticed the strap is different.  With the Pacific Blue version the strap is "shiny and smooth" like I mentioned above.  However, with the Espresso, the strap is about 1/4 narrower and is a seamed strap.  It's OK, but I really liked the width and comfort of the Pacific Blue version.  I went back and looked closely at all the product pictures and ALL colors EXCEPT Pacific Blue have the same strap.  I'm curious why this is?  Any chance someone from Baggallini is reading?  I'd love to have the Espresso with the "shiny and smooth" strap.
0,Great fit, comfortable, and great quality. Lighter weight and perfect for day hikes, a trail run or just a trip to the store. Exactly what I was hoping for. I bought my first pair of merrells over 10 years ago based on my wife's recomendation and I've never been disappointed.
0,Love Carter's. As always, good quality. Always fits.
0,Good, soft. Long but it's a generic T-shirt so what can you do. I put it through the wash once, and the star looks fine.
0,The exterior is soft, pebbled leather with minimal, but not quite matte, shine, and the interior has a fuzzy lining.  It's comfortable and well cushioned like the Rockport Tristina Gore Boot, but weirdly way larger despite trying a 6w in both.  It's also a bit tall for my preference at 5'4", but still wearable.
0,Very impressed and pleased with the quality this is made.  This is really beautiful and will last quite a few summers to come.
0,fit a little snuggly but do not have to worry about them slipping off! beautiful size, shape and sparkle!!!
0,I love this bag! I am a Kavu fanatic and this style is one of my favorites!  It has a compartment for everything!  I hope to buy this style in other colors!
0,Wasn't sure when ordering how it would look for an evening cocktail dress, but it is very flattering. The material has stretch in it, so it lays nicely and moves well.
0,This is the 2nd pair my son loves it.
0,I like this because it is not floppy and it is a comfortable material.  they don't just slip on, but then they don't slip off either.
0,I purchased about 10 of these and have used them for over a year. They are comfortable, medium thickness, and wear out normally.
0,Sexy and comfortable. A little on the small side. Extra large would've been better but they didn't carry that size.
0,I do love them.
0,As a first time Converse shoe buyer, I didn't understand the major difference of shoe size with Converse. For the sake of returns-Please make suggestions on ordering 1 whole shoe size smaller. I love the color, but it's not as snug as I'd like on the sides-even with the laces being tiggtly pulled but still a nice pair. Thanks.
0,Very nice and keeps me warm.  I use it when snow machine riding and it is very nice.  Temp get to -40 here and this works great, seems to fit just fine.
0,feels really good on my feet
0,I love this top!
0,Adjustable and great quality.  I can make own charm bracelets.  Will buy more.
0,Fit great and looks really good on my sister!!
0,my kid loves this little backpack we take it everywjere great forst backpack for a toddler
0,Great fit, but just a bit too long for a typical 34" inseam.  More inline with some of the 36" inseam pants I have.
0,Overall fit is true to size.  The style is very cute as well.  The only down side for me was the fabric was thin and wrinkles easily.
0,Great work pants.  In this style I order up a waist size, normally wear a 34.  The 36 is perfect.
0,This is my second dress from KAMALIKULTURE and this one fit little loose (XS).  But I still liked it and will keep it. I am beginning to like this brand a lot because I'm short and small frame and this brand seem to be made for me.
0,My husband's favorite underwear!
0,Looks just like the picture. Fits great. Speedy shipping.
0,I love these!!!!! They fit so perfectly, and my feet are usually too wide for these kinds of shoes...
0,OEM watchband is very easy to replace.
0,Slightly large for my head but not enough to cause problems. Nice for a fancier scarf when going out.
0,great usefull
0,They are true to size and are super comfy
0,Second buy. Great one
0,I would be worry if my son was a bit more fuller but they fit well on his very skinny body.
0,I like these a lot - comfortable, fit well, look good - can't ask for more than that!
0,Nice looking and well made
0,Just like it was described!  Love it and can wear it on 3 different fingers along with my other sliver rings. Was looking for a wide band and so happy to finally find this one!
0,I love Chuck Taylor's. I wear them all the time, but they really shine when lifting at the gym. Great balance, excellent support for heavy lifts.		I wear 11's in most shoes, but I fit in 10.5's in these, and always have.
0,Love it. So cute for a girl
0,Love the color and the Aztec design.	The size was spot on. Put on some weight and this hides all of the stuff you don't want people to see.
0,Awesome! I'm actually not a nurse, but a primary school teacher who works with severely autistic children, so I have to be constantly moving.		I definitely chose the wrong size, though; I got a medium because I have a small frame but I have DD breasts and so I exchanged and went up to an XL and the fit is way better... I didn't notice until I received the top that it is a junior fit. So keep that in mind when picking your size.
0,perfect fitting for carry on in airlines.  If the ticket taker thinks it might be a tad too big, simply close the handle and lift it.  It appears 6" smaller!  It fits in the overhead compartment, as advertised.  Lots of extra pockets.
0,Very good shoe! The sizing is accurate. Thee committee is super fun and cute.
0,Comfortable and warmish.  To be fair, I wear shorts underneath and it's only in the 30's outside...I could layer more and be warmer, but I don't like restricted movement. I got a big and tall size when I needed a big regular so the legs are a little long. I don't care for the straps, zippers or the limited entry into the bib like I prefer in the "Keys" brand.  There's only one zip halfway up and it stops on the bib, also only one zipper on the small side especially when your going pee.  They seem durable enough to this point and will keep me warm and clean in my line of work that means allot.  While home, I bought a new set of Keys "love them", just didn't mail them to my work site as these will work. My last set of Keys I have owned for 20yrs, I only replaced them cause my wife shrunk them...more like my belly feels like they shrunk. ha
0,I love these t-shirts! I have purchased from next level in the past and will continue to do so. These shirts are very comfortable and have a perfect fit. I think the prices are reasonable and have been happy with the quality.
0,These shoes are actually quite adorable.  I had to send them back as they were too small in a ten...I wear a 10.5 and the 11 was too big.  I wish Jambu made a half size between 10 and 11.  These would do better on a narrow foot as the laces don't give much in the way of width.  They are also thinner on the bottom, making them less comfortable for those that need more cushioning/support. Otherwise they are great for walking, have a nice gladiator look, and can even be worn to the gym! I may try them again in an 11 and customize the fit.
0,The Good:	Heavy	Thick	Solid constuction	Extra long strap that will accommodate big wrists (mine is 10 inches)	Water resistant to 330 feet (Though I am not going to find out)		The Bad:	May be too heavy for certain individual (I am not one of them)	The weight of the watch causes it to shift some on the wrist unless I make it uncomfortably tight (more of a minor annoyance than anything)		The Ugly Truth:	This watch is absolutely amazing!  Worth every penny.  I was first introduced to the Invicta line of watches when my wife and I were on a recent cruise.  Fortunately I waited to purchase one until I was off the ship because the prices onboard were ridiculous compared to Amazon.  I am a big dude, 10 inch wrist, and I am able to wear this watch with no problems.  As others have stated it is big and heavy, but my guess is if you are looking at Invicta watches you already know they are big and heavy.  The case that comes with this watch just adds to the cool factor and both it and the watch itself are incredibly well constructed.
0,Liked these so much I ordered them twice...and will order them again...
0,nice
0,Love it! Beautiful and looks very expensive!
0,These worked great on a beach with lots of shells on it. I think they will protect my feet in hot sand as well. They also came folded in a little travel bag so perfect for air travel to! Excellent product!
0,nice fabric, the M would have fit better, but I am still happy with it
0,Super cute and comfy boots, I will be ordering them in every color! They were perfect for walking all over Nashville during CMA fest. No blisters!!
0,Great pants for working around the house or yard. Even with abuse I usually get a year or two out of a pair. Will continue to order these as I destroy them!
0,Like these! They have a good arch support, and are ventilated to keep foot somewhat cool. I like the fact the strap can be worn around heel or not. Would like to have some lighter colors.
0,Very nice and shiny.
0,these are really nice, the different types of fabric used are just right. comfortable and quality you would expect! great american made product!
0,Good color selection, quick delivery
0,I like it! lightweight coat, fits true size (L=12 US size), long enough (my height is 175 cm).
0,Good quality and a good fit. The only thing I have to say after a month is that the seams seem to be 'lightening' up after several washes. Almost makes it look like they are coming apart at the seams - when they are not. Good fit for the BIG guy without riding too high (and you know what I mean if you are that guy).
0,...and at the right price. Well shaped, even the handle would be functional as a shoehorn for kids.		Unfortunately, it's a fully silent operation. And I feel like a shoe horn should honk.
0,These are actually much better quality than I had expected. I was surprised and highly pleased. I did not expect them to be so nice.
0,I have receive so many compliments.  I like how unique it is.  Have to be careful with the face since multiple scratching will make it look ugly.
0,These pants fit good and are cool
0,I used for my victorian tea party and came out great as i expected. I just added few laces around w used of hot glue w no problem.
0,My new favorite shirt. So. Cool.
0,I really do love this bra! It's super comfortable (which is weird to say about a bra!) I've got a couple of these now and it's definitely my go to bra. I feel like I've tried quite a few different bras (actually returning a different brand of bras now) and I'm very happy with my purchase. Will be getting more if I see that these start to give out.
0,I purchased this watch for my 4 year old who was having a hard time with his potty training. The strap fits his little wrist perfectly when pulled to the last notch. We told him the hourly chime was to remind him to use the restroom and it has worked like a charm. The silicone strap is comfortable for him and the watch face is just the right size. I was considering a $50 reminder watch, but I'm so glad I tried this product first!
0,Great price, and great fit I just ordered another pair. I bought these last DEC 2016, and still holding up still looks brand new, Feb 2017.
0,I bought this watch for Moon Phase hunting.  It has so many features packed into an inexpensive watch.  The silent alarm is okay, but you will need to set a few to make sure you get up.  I misplaced this watch a few weeks ago and felt lost without it.  I actually was going to order a new one when my 4 yo daughter located it.  I was ecstatic.  I actually wear this one more than my Rolex.  Buy it; you'll love it.
0,Love these shoes.
0,These are my absolute favorite socks. I wear a pair almost every day. Extremely comfortable in my boots during the cold Northeast weather. They are pretty thick, but very warm and comfortable. I wear between sizes 9-10 women's shoes, and they were snug but not restrictive. I will definitely continue to purchase these.
0,I love my toms!
0,This item came fast and their customer service was great. I asked them to change some the the beads o different types od bead and they did it and they even re-sized the bracelet for me .
0,Just what my high school son wanted.  Light enough but not too stretchy.  Good in the child and the chilly.
0,I have bought more expensive over the glasses sunglasses, but these are extremely comfortable and fit over my lenses with ease.  They also provide excellent protection from the sun, here in the Sunshine State (Florida).  Obviously, I am pleased with my purchase and the price I paid at Amazon.
0,They are really cute. Size is perfect for the foot bed, but still having to break them in a bit with the straps in between the big and second toes. Other than that, they are PERFECT!
0,Love Merrell shoes! Always a great fit!
0,Excellent price for this watch. Would buy again and recommend it to anyone.
0,I'm 5'2 102 I order a small it fits super cute on me with dome thigh high socks yasss
0,I received these bags to try and they came at the perfect time.  So far this month, every weekend my husband and I have been staying away from home.  For our latest trip, I packed his clothes in one, his underwear and socks in one and then same for me.  It was easy to just pull out and know where each of our stuff was. On my longer solo trips where I go from city to city, I plan on using one bag per location!  I would like to get at least 2 more sets so we can use them to store our season clothes.  When we move it will be so easy!  You can see in the bag, it has a handle and holds way more than you think at first site.  They also came in a very sturdy clear storage bag of their own that I am already thinking of many uses for.  When these bags are not in use (which will not be often for me) they will store flat and take up very little room.  Great color choices I am lame though and stuck with grey to match my luggage!		I think this is the largest one, but if they had just one more size larger, i would buy them up too!
0,Very pretty on!  Its an exact fit.  No room for extra weight in this baby.  I am a small and most of the Lindy Bop fits me in small.  This one is just right.  Just wish I had a lovely wedding to attend.  I DO have a Mothers Day event that I will be attending! So excited!
0,These look great. They are kind of large, but they look real! I'm very happy with this purchase.
0,Have bought several pair, very comfy.  Love the no gap in the back waistline
0,Good jockstrap
0,I had two color options to chose from, pink or beige. I chose beige and I was so excited. When I got the package the color wasn't beige it was yellow. At first I was disappointed but after inspecting the dress I was pleased. It is still beautiful and I had no desire to return it. I'm giving it a 4 only because the color isn't as shown. Otherwise. I would have given this a 5. It's absolutely beautiful.
0,Really great shoes!
0,Absolutely gorgeous on!!!  Very flattering!
0,i love these crocs. becuase i need the support. but these fit tight. but if you are willing to wear them and stretch them a little its good.
0,Awesome fit and very fast delivery!
0,Good,but not great
0,Very nice cover for the money. Only negative I can think of is that mine came with the verse on the back of the cover instead of the front. By that I mean when I open the cover with the verse on the front everything inside the cover is upside down. Put the verse cover down and open it and the register is on the top and the checks are on the bottom where they belong. No, I do not have them loaded backwards unless you want the plastic separator sheet on top of your checks instead of separating your register pages.
0,Love this shirt and had to go it in white as well!
0,Beefy TSA are the best.  These came quickly and were perfect as expected.
0,Satin and shiny. Stiff and first but plan to wash before wearing, which should help. Im a 14/16, but bought a 2X so they would be really loose and comfy b/c no stretch. Cute overall.
0,Perfect size!!!! My second order
0,I'm a woman and bought these for myself. I used to buy Reef's Seaside sandals until they stopped making them a year or two ago. Since then I've been on the hunt for another pair of Reefs that fits as comfortably as the Seaside ones did. I kept getting frustrated with the women's sandals because they're always too narrow and the material is never soft and cushiony enough. I took a gamble and ordered these in a men's size 7 (I usually wear a women's 8) and they were perfect! I have very little arch and these were wide enough for my (mostly flat) feet. The sole looks so much like the seaside ones I used to love. After wearing them for a few days my foot had perfectly molded into the bottom of the sandals...just how I like. Honestly, the thick strap makes them look a little more masculine than I'd like, but I'm so comfortable I just don't care!
0,Cups need padding fits well
0,Very lightweight and great for the humid, hot summers temperatures. Smooth and comfortable under skirts.
0,Good for the price.  I got the light pink. It's a little bit see-through, so wear nude undergarments.  I am 4'11 and got a medium,  it goes to the top of my knee in front and the bottom of my knee in the back.  It would be an excellent beach cover up.  I wish it had pockets.
0,I have 6 pairs of Teva's and like em all. I normally take an 8, but because these are slightly elevated at the back I had to order a size 9.
0,Worth the price, well made, excellent color choices.
0,Our baby was 6 lbs. when I purchased this Preemie Footie Bodysuit. It fit perfectly and is made of quality cotton. I would recommend this for anyone who has a small baby. Great price and a great buy!
0,I really like these shoes, they go very nicely with slacks or jeans. My only complaint that I have is, is that they make my feet sweat really bad!
0,Great shoe.  Looks good, fits as expected.  Bought as replacement for a pair of Timberland slip-ons that were the best shoe ever but sadly we're discontinued.  These don't look to be as sturdy as the Timberlands (leather looks a little thin), but they look good and it well so no complaints.
0,Love this hat - very stylish and fits nicely.
0,Very nice
0,Super cute, well made as far as costumes go... just be aware that you will prob want to buy a plain white shirt for underneath as the vest is backless (ties at back)
0,These are quite nice. They are big and pretty heavy and they look good alone or stacked with other bracelets.
0,The shoes are great. They came on time and I love them.
0,5 stars
0,It's so stylish, perfect to go with jeans and knee high boots. I bought an extra small I'm 5ft and 113 lbs and it fit just right. Not too tight and not too big.
0,Shoe runs large. I had to order 1 size smaller. Beautiful boot.
0,Very effective and handy
0,Love them! Soft and comfortable specially for breastfeeding.
0,Great fit and a great price. Shipping was really fast too. I may have to order it in all the colors . sigh
0,Simply perfect as expected from Levis !! Fits perfectly and the material is thick as always .. I have just what I expected
0,Perfect fit. Loved the dress!
0,Priced this at the local stores and was over $70.  This is a great value and a quality product.  Love the Ameribag products!  This bag has lots of little storage spots and i can carry my Galaxy Tab with no problems in it with all the "stuff" i like to carry anyway.  You will Not be disapointed with this one, I plan on getting the sage one later.
0,My husband wanted to try these so I got these for Christmas.  He seems to really like these.  Says they fit nice and are super comfortable.
0,She loved it!
0,Great gift for my boyfriend, he loves it
0,Exceeds my expectation.	Fits well. I have small feet and struggle getting a good fit.	These are comfortable and look great too.
0,Pleased with the shirts, will buy more in the future.
0,These are larger than I expected, but not extremely. They are SO COMFORTABLE!! I love these panties and will definitely buy again.
0,WOW!  THANKYOU VERY MUCH CIAO!
0,Very good
0,Nice little almost-sheer shrug. I got the coral, which looks just like the picture. It's a lightweight knit. I wadded it into a ball, stuffed it into a suitcase then a purse, and it looked good. I'll probably buy another color.
0,Stretchy and fits well! Good for the big girls out there too! :)
0,A little too big, it is my weight loss success? Measured the size of their own, actually big, but only a little bit of hope after washed to reduce it.
0,The merchandise condition was awesome ,the service was great and my overall experience was astounding!!! Expect me to make future purchases!
0,Bought these to wear under my work pants for warmth and they are great!
0,So comfortable, very pleased with purchase
0,Great fit, great quality.
0,I went to a running store to run the NYC half marathon last year and the clerk recommended Asics. That was the best thing that ever happened to me. I've always issues with athletic shoes, but since that purchase I have gotten Asics for other activities and it was the best investment ever.  These are no exception as they provide the perfect amount of support and cushioning. I also tend to have issues with ankle support. Not with these, my ankles a secure and I comfortable.  These were so good I plan on ordering another pair.
0,Not the cutest but is practical for an infant.
0,I bought this for my three year old in preschool. It's built nice and sturdy, and i like that it clips at the waist to help keep it on and balance the weight. There is enough room inside to fit a standard pocket folder, which most toddler book bags don't have room for. The insulated pocket is nice if you have the bag with you all the time like on a trip or something, but her school required her to have a lunch box/bag, so that feature wasn't much use to me. However, the bag can be filled with A LOT of stuff (any given day it usually has a folder, notebook, spare clothes, lunch bag, diapers, school projects) and not be too cumbersome to carry. The overall design is not too cutesy so she can use it for a few more years. Overall, I would buy again.		Edit 9/2014: After a year and a half of use the bag was getting a bit dingy so I decided to replace it with a new one of the same design for Kindergarten. When I received it however, it seems Obersee has changed a few things. The cooler section of the bag is now a hideous tin foil like material instead of the smooth white it was on the old one (and that white is still on the product photos). As someone who does not use this pocket as a cooler, I did not like that it so obviously looks like a cooler now. The shoulder straps are now thinner all around as well. Also, and this is minor, the full Obersee name is written above the butterfly instead of just "O". I ended up returning it and just giving the old one a good scrub down. The old one is still going strong almost 2 years after I bought it.
0,The 11.5 fit as expected. I'm usually 11-11.5 and the 11.5 are great. Super fast shipping. I ordered these in a Saturday and got them the next day on Sunday (I have prime 2 day free shipping) very comfortable and easy to slide on and off with laces untied. I hiked 2 times about 2 miles in these through 2-6 inches of snow and these were great with a sock liner and a thick wool sock. No issues with water leaking through at all but I'm not stomping through puddles. My friend is a 11.5 normally and tried these on and has ordered the same pair, but a different color. I can't really think of anything I don't like about these boot. Super comfy and feel good. I would def. recommend these. Pictures were taken after both of the snow hikes. Still looking good. Will update if my opinion of these change.
0,love it
0,First of all, I'm a 6'1 205 lb male. I ordered the XL knowing it was Asian sizing. I must say, the XL was the perfect size for me. I enjoy my shirts fitted but not so much if I feel like a sausage in a casing and this shirt has that fitted look while still being comfortable and not overly tight. Also, the material is lovely, feels really nice and smooth on the skin. I will be ordereding this again but in different colors. As others have said, it's best to go a size up. I'm normally a large but got the XL and it was perfect.
0,These were cute sandals for my daughter to wear with casual dresses and summer clothes.  There is no arch support, and the thongs can hurt after a while.  It's good shoes for a couple of hours at church, or to wear during play, but they probably would not be comfortable or safe for walking a long time.  The style is cute, however, my daughter loves to wear them.
0,It is a great pair of tennis shoes and a good deal. My husband is very happy with his gift.
0,A little on  the small side but awesome when you are feeling super patriotic
0,I love this top.  The embroidery is so pretty.  Arrived quicker than promised and was able to take on my vacation.  Received lots of compliments on it.
0,The blue carbon fiber is not as vibrant as depicted in the photo but it's still nice. The Masonic emblem on my ring was etched a little light but still seeable. Overall a good ring, but not a great ring.
0,Love this outfit!  Washes and fits well.
0,Hope she likes it
0,everything is fine, thank you
0,Love the color and fit! Super comfortable as well. The color matched the description as well. Good value for the price.
0,Great work shirt, nothing fancy. Well made. Somewhat stiff material but not bad for the price.
0,Wet nice material and model. I like it. It feels good and expensive. Be carful it runs small so follow the seller advice. Im usually us Small, I ordered larg and it fits good
0,Always good!
0,Cute - fun and affordable ! My kind of bracelets
0,The only bra I wear now, very comfortable
0,Cool projector but not a functional watch. Its bulky and pinches little wrists. I kept them for the projectors but bought flashing lights watches which are wonderful and comfy!
0,Super sexy! Nice fabric.
0,Very comfortable shoes.  Love them!
0,These are by far my favorite scrub pants. They fit true to size and are very comfortable for my long nursing shifts. The very best part about them is that I never have to worry about them riding to low when bending over (one of my biggest pet peeves about scrub pants).  Although I would love the price to be a little lower - to me they are worth the extra $$ for the comfort and quality.
0,Durable and Easy to See!
0,I absolutely love these! So much so I haven't changed earrings since putting them in! They are the perfect size!
0,I wish I bought these sooner. I've always been the type to have to readjust my laces on all my athletic shoes due to discomfort. Some days they'd feel too tight, other days too lose and so on. These lock laces are stretchy, kind of like bungee cord. So I laced up my sneakers snug and that's it, no readjusting. The stretch enough with my movement to not feel like they are putting pressure on the top of my feet. And....no more flopping laces when I run!
0,I bought them for my father, a senior definitively these are this kind os shoes, he has two more pairs or birkentock,  I think these are for every one who want to walk save and comfi
0,comfortable and stylish, great shoe for holiday season
0,EXCELLENT product and delivery.
0,I bought these exclusively to be worn for my daughter's Mavis Halloween Costume and they were perfect!! She was comfy for a few hours of trick-or-treating with no issues of sore feet:)
0,It served its purpose....
0,the price was great for a great shoe.  Don't think $150 for the 18 version is good but the $43 for version 5 is a great deal.
0,perfect for halloween.
0,These are awesome for the price! Exact fit replacement and couldn't tell a difference from the originals.
0,Ordered for my dad who loves them.
0,The color is fantastic.........it's soft and very comfortable
0,Cute
0,Excellent quality shirt. Lightweight and fits as it should.
0,Looks cute/sexy. A little hard to get on but then stays in place and supports the girls.
0,Great costume! Fit my baby just right. She was 16 months at the time and looked so cute in this Olaf costume.
0,price and quality great
0,I luv, luv, luv this top.  Very pretty and got some compliments from male and female.  I wore half of it across my shoulder, which complimented the black turtleneck I wore underneath it since where I live we are in the winter months.  Add some gold jewelry and it really compliments the gold in the top.  Most likely will buy another one of these in another color.  Excellent buy!
0,Love it
0,I LOVE LOVE LOVE these sandals!  I usually have to wear sneakers with orthotics in them - my feet are very narrow and I need support.  Sandals are hard to find due to the narrowness of my foot - but these are totally adjustable and I don't feel like I'll break my neck walking in them!  They have a soft food bed and are super supportive! If you take a half size (like 8.5) usually, go up to the 9.  I bought the multi color with red and brown and am about to buy pair number 2!
0,my second great wallet .
0,I bought for my boyfriend to wear for our Christmas photos however he has worn it to every Christmas event: ugly sweater party, Christmas party, shopping, etc. It gets compliments everywhere and we even had the deli guy offer to buy it off of him. Haha.
0,Great shoes for work. Very comfortable! I think I will order in another color. I have to stand and walk a lot. Today I didn't get tired. They are the most comfortable shoes I have worn in a long time.
0,Comfortable and pretty!
0,I love it, an the size is perfect. Get many complement. But I have to admit I have a killer body also...lol
0,Nice looking gold chain. very nice,
0,Very nice quality
0,A gift for my daughter and she loved this dress!!!
0,She loves the laces, makes life easier
0,These are so comfortable, light weight, and have great traction. They run a little big, so I wear thicker socks with them. If I go barefoot in them, they will seem a little big. I love these shoes!
0,awsome
0,These shoes are comfortable and cute. Love them! I can't wait to wear them to work to see how my feet feel after standing for a long time. I have worn this brand for years and Saucony never disappoints.
0,Looked very well made. Returned because sizing was not wide enough for my 4E feet.
0,Very comfortable..
0,Great colors. Quality screen printing. A bit long but can hem it up to shorten it. Comfortable fit.
0,My wife like the look and fit, but it is tight on her calf keeping her from tucking her jeans into it.  She is 5'4" and 120 so I would think there would be a little more room.  I love it, but make sure you have a skinny calf.
0,great denim jeans for work men.  Love them not heavy but feel light weight.  Outstanding quality.  I work all over Navy ships and these jeans pass the test.  Dirt, Grease, oil, wear and tear.  Still looks great.
0,Ty
0,I love this hoodie. I'm a female and wanted something to wear to Foodball games that would be super comfortable. I love how this fits more narrow on your hips and doesn't look boxy and bulky. The under arm area is cut larger but that didn't bother me. The arms are not crazy long and not baggy at the wrist.. the band there is perfect. I love the 50/50 love that!
0,Adorable colors. My daughter loves it. Good price too. Will be ordering more in the future
0,soft,like a navy,great
0,Comfortable and effective. The wide toe box is fantastic and the added cushioning to a forefoot running shoe is a nice luxury. Very impressed with these shoes and I will definitely purchase another pair in the future. *They fit small so order a half to full size larger than your usual shoes.
0,They fit but I wish there was a little bit of stretch in the waist. One big meal away from them being too small.
0,Light weight, good quality. Too tight for me, I gave them to my niece...she loves them
0,These are good durable socks, I wear them to work everyday. They stay up well, wash well and last a long time; reasonably price.
0,Great
0,so comfy!
0,Very durable with a great fit!
0,This costume is the real deal! We expect to have years of delightful Santa visits with this costume. Very good quality.
0,I would definitely size down a size for a form fit. Im mormally a 2x and i got an xl and it fits perfect. Fabric is a great quality and this blue is hot!
0,Bought this as a gift. Genuine leather, authentic Nintendo product. Only con is that one of the card slots is closed mid way, so a card won't actually fit in it?		It looks well put together and like it will stand up to a bit of abuse. Removed the chain and he's recieved many compliments on it. Great gift for a Nintendo lover.
0,Will order from AA again
0,My brother loves this hat. It's very vibrant just like the photo and came in perfect condition.
0,Bought for mu daughter.  Beautiful dress!  Order a size up.
0,Bust area is a bit short
0,So far they work great and I'm not having any problems with them wearing in the washer.
0,bought as a gift, my mom loves it
0,Excellent - thank you!
0,Great looking and amazingly comfortable.  Sizes run larger than other shoes.
0,Love it though.  I have a big head.
0,Worked well for my needs
0,I had a size 16 organza wedding dress with a train and it fit very well in this.
0,Beautiful dress but too big.	Had to return it.
0,These are nice, warm and durable for my son.  They do run somewhat large in the pants though.
0,Cool sneakers
0,Thanks!
0,Good product for a good price
0,The new to be bride loves them
0,Cute but very light green, not deep green like photo. I like it
0,I ordered this bag as a gift for my daughter and bought a different one for myself.  I am going to have to force myself to give this one to my daughter, as I intended.  It's a beauty!  It seems to be excellent quality, and colors are just "happy", which is how I am when headed to a cruise ship!  If I had time before sailing (which I don't) I would return the other bag and order another of this Baja Beach Bag for myself.  Next cruise, perhaps!
0,I like to wear eye-catching earrings when we dress up and go out at night, and I love the way jewelry brings together an outfit.  These earrings are a little larger than I usually wear, being 1.5" long, but the style of them is perfect.  From the heavy gold plating to the large sparkling zirconia at the bottom, these earrings are gorgeous.  I especially like that they aren't heavy - I dislike earrings that pull my earlobes down!  The stones are all securely set in the gold, and the back stays safely on the posts.  Mine came in a pretty red velvet box, perfect for storage or gift giving.		I received a complimentary pair of Ourrous & Co earrings for review purposes.  I wasn't asked to leave a positive review, and my honest opinion is that these elegant, well made earrings are five star worthy.
0,I thought I wasn't going to like the way it fits but I really like it, my feet is narrow and skinny so it fits nicely and its soft on the inside. Cant go wrong with soft feet after a kick boxing class.		I would definitely buy from this seller in the future.
0,Yes they run a little big but I think it's the width not the length of the boot? Either way, no complaints because they are SO COMFORTABLE. It's well padded under the foot and I love them.
0,Awesome shoes, received as expected. Thank you
0,very nice and soft. great price
0,This was given by me at Valentine's Day, and every time I see it around the neck of my girlfriend I am  more and more mesmerized by how beautiful it looks.  I might be swayed by my feelings for my partner, but the necklace is gorgeous and a reminder that the summer is only a few months away.		This is a very attractive piece of jewelry.
0,A great wig for the price, if you are using it for a costume. If for some reason you want to wear this as some kind of every day wig...though I don't know why you would, it wouldn't be ideal. It takes a few days out of the bag to kind of smooth itself out so there are no strange lumps, I'd put it on a couple of times and hang it on a doorknob or something before wearing it.
0,Really pretty looks great on.
0,These are my first pair of non-maternity jeans and I was so nervous about buying them.  They fit, though and have a couple nice perks.  First, I'm not a teenager anymore and don't need/can't pull off the low-rise jeans.  I needed a pair of jeans that I could sit down in or bend over in and not have my butt crack show.  These are the perfect rise.  They're not "mom-jeans", but they're not for teens either.  Secondly, I have longs legs and have the hardest time finding jeans that don't look like floods.  These were the perfect length.  (I'm 5'8'', if that helps anyone). Only issue is the length between waist and crotch is long, which means I might be hitching them up from time to time.  Other than that, I'm pretty happy.		**UPDATE**	After wearing these for a few days I've noticed a couple of annoyances.  First, they stretch a whole size throughout the day.  I had to shrink mine and they still got baggy. I'd recommend ordering a size down. Secondly, and what will keep me from buying again, is the length between the waist and crotch.  I didn't think it'd be an issue, but it IS!  I am CONSTANTLY pulling it up so it doesn't rub against my thighs.  There is about a 2-3 inch gap between my actual crotch and where these fall.  Makes it really awkward to walk and be active in them. It's not very lady-like to be tugging the crotch of your pants up every 10 minutes.  Embarrassing.  So, I guess you just have to decide if it will matter to you.
0,So many dance shorts are really skimpy, tight and shiny.  These are matte.  They fit well, but aren't super tight.  Provide fine coverage with tights and leotard
0,I like but somewhat large
0,I love these shoes and only paid 15 dollars for them.  For less then any where else I have seen them. My one year old seams soo stylish in them and he always get compliments on his shoes.  They look so cute with shorts on.  I love the color.
0,Great shoes nicely made...I normally wear between an 8 and an 8.5 read the reviews some said a bit small so I went with the 8.5 glad I did as I feel the 9 would have been too big! I bought these shoes to wear with a new Ivanka Dress I had purchased http://amzn.to/2lJUqop and the color of the shoes is not only beautiful but it matches a color in the dress and they both compliment each other very nicely. Im very pleased with this purchase!
0,The quality is quite good and is very comfortable. It's suitable for autumn. I hope it could be a little longer.
0,In terms of quality it is an ordinary shirt that can easily show signs of wear after a few uses.  The material is not of high quality.  The idea of matchcing shirts did appeal to me so I got it. If you are a size 6-8 get a medium. If your size is in between 8-10 then get a large.  If you want a loose fit then go one size up.	 Kids sizes are true to size.
0,Nice thinner linen-like material with very pale color and great comfort.  It is a blend but has a nice feel of natural material.  The fit is perfect and the styling in good.
0,Very nicely made.  Small is a very functional size for packing.  I would only want one large at most.  Would be nice if they sold sets in different colors, such as 3 size small bag set, each with a different color.
0,good quality and stylish, but why the right shoe has sound when walking
0,Awesome!
0,Excellent
0,A
0,Excellent men's casual pant.  Well made and great fit--fits as expected based on sizing, and wears well during the day.  True test comes when washing the pant, and they wash and dry very well.  Purchased one of each color for my very picky husband.
0,Great product, as advertised!
0,I am usually a 6.5 in women's I decided to got o the 7 so I could double up on socks or wear thicker socks. If I need to. These are so warm I would not suggest wearing multiple layers of socks unless it is in the - degrees. With one pair of socks they are nice and toasty. They charcoal is so pretty, and is stylish with the flap is down as well.
0,I Love love love these pants!  I wore them for the Sprint Spartan Race recently and it was perfect.  I would definitely recommend this product.
0,Warm, looks great, fits to size. Can't wait to wear it.
0,This replaces a pair that were worn out!
0,2nd pair I've owned. 1st pair lasted years.
0,Somewhat small, but very comfortable
0,It has a very comfortable fit
0,This shirt fits as expected. These wrangler pearl snap shirts are high quality and durable. It is of typical western style but the material is extremely thin. Great for warmer weather when short sleeves are not appropriate. I have several different colors of the wrangler snap shirts and I really like them all.
0,Good product, good price, Very FAST and REASONABLE SHIPPING.
0,Great.
0,I am a big3xl,, OK OK I am a 4 XL... I am working on getting my weight down.. But it made me feel good that these shirts had some streatch to them and fitt well and will still fit well when I am a true 3xl.  I got several becasue I like them so much!!!
0,My daughter loves it. It has her birthstone in the middle and she loves butterflies. When her Daddy gave it to her she was so happy she cried for 10 minute's. Thank you for making/selling something my daughter finally will wear cause she is not much on jewelry.
0,Beautiful! Have one black bating suit and one white one....am very excited to have found your product
0,My husband really appreciates the high polish on these, and with his use they do not appear to dull or discolor.  These are all in slightly different sizes which is a good thing because even supposed standard size ties do vary slightly in width and the different lengths here accommodate for that.  He likes the type of backing these have, as they put more of an even pressure across the back of the tie and keep the tie from getting that buckled look that regular alligator style clips can have, He likes that these are stainless steel and that they have a good weight to them, which helps to keep the tie in place without a weighty feeling of pulling on the neck knot. Since he doesn't wear skinny ties, the smallest clip in this package actually makes for a cute addition to a child's clip on, making him look as well dressed as his papa. He thinks the best looking clip in this bunch is the black and silver one, because it really pops against his solid red and solid blue ties. Please click Yes to let me know if this review helps you with your purchasing decision. Let me know if you have any questions. Disclosure: I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased review. Really glad I purchased this! I would buy this again.
0,These are cute - my son likes them, but the fit is "off"... kind of baggy?
0,I like it. the shoe was for wide feet. I used the draw string to tighten it up. Glad it worked it.
0,This top fit me like it was made for me. Very attractive worn loose with skirt.
0,So comfortable that they can be worn all day long! Plenty of arch support and just enough cushioning so that they are comfortable. The boys love the added functionality of the bottle opener on the sole.
0,Wife loves them.
0,i have yet to use these as nursing bras (baby hasn't arrived yet). but as day to day bras they are very comfortable. the only issue is that the strap slip down sometimes but it isn't enough to stop me from wearing them.
0,My son loves these shoes. He wears then everyday all the time to where there wearing out with holes. I love them and want to buy him more
0,I have very wide feet and love Keens.  The shoe supports my high arch.  I love my Keens!  This is the only shoes I will buy again for work.
0,Very comfortable barefoot shoe without looking like one.  Just enough sole and tread to protect the feet with a good barefoot feel.  I wear these all day. Versatile enough to wear with exercise clothes or my jeans.  Highly recommend.
0,Great for the price, but not the BEST quality.
0,Gave this as a gift
0,I work outside a lot and when the temp gets down, I don't hesitate to put mine on. It works great and it's comfortable!
0,Pros- design is solid	Cons -super tight	  - leather is hard so it will rub against  your skin  hard
0,Great prop
0,They do what they need to do: cover my feet and fit well.  They're soft with a small amount if cushion.  I wear them with sneakers for my gym workout and they're so comfortable that I don't think about them once I put them on.  The packaging doesn't indicate where they're made; if it's China then that's the only drawback.
0,excellent sandals, would recommend them to anyone.
0,Finally found my "right size".  They say take a size smaller, but these are 2 sizes small.  Previous 3 pair always bagged out, and did not fit well. These fit the way they should given they are supposed to hug your body.
0,Purchased for my husband who has arch issues and he loves them.  It is truly like walking on air.
0,I purchased the Alaska Bear Mirror Polished Cash Money Clip because I do not carry a billfold with me any more and have been wanting something to hold my cash and driver license. This is a Very Nice and Heavy Duty money clip that is polished to a Bright Silver Mirror Finished. I had ordered one a while back and really didn't like the way it was designed because it was to narrow. This money clip is a lot wider and is a way better design. It is full 3/4" wide and is 2-3/4" long and on the end where you put your money into the clip they have held it back about 1/4" to allow you to get your money of cards started into the money clip. You can get about 15 bills of about 5 Cards in this clip and not have to worry about losing them, because it holds them securely in place.  It is really a Very Nice Money Clip that looks like it was made out of Sterling Silver, Very High Quality ! I was 100% Satisfied with my purchase and Would Very Highly Recommend The Alaska Bear Money Clip to everyone that is looking for a Excellent Money Clip that is Top Quality !  I received a discount on this product in a Special Promotion in exchange for My Honest Review. My review, my Opinion, and my experience with this product is 100% Genuine and Honest ! Just like all of you I also rely on the Honest Reviews from other people to help me decide on the products I purchase as well ! I Never allow the discount change the way I review any product ! I would like to Thank the people at Alaska Bear for allowing me the chance to review their Money Clip
0,Love it, satisfied with product
0,Cute
0,I just got my Ugg boots put them on and have been wearing them.  Thease are easily the most cozy and comfy things I have ever had on my tootsies.  I orderd a half size smaller than I usually wear and they fit perfectly.  I see many more pairs of Uggs in my future! A note about the seller, Ultra fast shipping, great packaging, boots look perfect, not blemished or poorly shaped. I am a very warm and happy customer!
0,I love these pantyhose!  Great fit and they "smooth" me out.  They don't run as easy as some other brands I have used.
0,Perfect for what I needed. Great fit and keep me warm.
0,Son really likes these! Looks good, nice quality. Will update if after wearing, they don't hold up
0,Bought three of these and I like them very well . wish they came in long sleeve's !
0,perfec
0,Extremely comfortable shoes
0,Very elegant as will be used with a female tux jacket and skirt formal wear suit
0,Fits great
0,Bought for my boyfriend.	He seemed to really like them he had scratched up the orignal lense so i got them part of his V-Day gift along with some other stuff but this took the gold out of all the gifts i got him that day.
0,This is a beautiful gown but it runs a little small, I am continuing losing weight  for my health, so in a couple of months, it should be fine.
0,This bag is great!  Works as a backpack or a messenger bag.  Good pocket space and not too bulky.  :)
0,Too small I wear a size 14 and it didn't fit so I gave them to a freind
0,These were purchased to match some of my bathing suits that I wear to Tamarack Pool.  They have caused a number of positive comments!
0,I always get Cherokee scrubs.  My arms are larger than most and it fits perfectly.
0,Handsome
0,very comfortable true to fit shoes Skechers are wonderful. lightweight, comfortable all day Shoe.
0,Super cute.
0,These shirts are a nice accurate fit. The material is breathable, and very comfortable. I own several and wear them everyday on the job, they have held up well.
0,Very nice jacket, good quality
0,I recently decided to replace all of my CK cotton boxer briefs. I work in the yard a lot and also golf several times per week. Cotton briefs just don't make sense. While great out of the laundry, they quickly stretch and distort during the day and they don't dry quickly from sweating.		After buying 3-4 different brands I decided I liked these the best. I really dislike paying $20 for underwear, though. It took some effort, but I went through all the different colors and sellers of these on Amazon one night and found the best prices I could at the time. Different colors and sizes were priced differently, so I ended up with a bunch of different colors and slightly different models. To me even though the models are bit different they're close enough that I'm just as happy with each.		These are made from a thicker material than my Adidas briefs, which all eventually have a hole worn in them near the crotch seam or inner thigh. I don't however, think the material is too thick, even for hot days.		I will NEVER go back to cotton!
0,very sexy, but a little snug.
0,Beautiful black dress. Lace is so soft. Did have a small hole in the sleeve by the wrist that had to be sewn.
0,This jacket is awesome! Better than my real leather I purchased a few years back! Plus, it was way cheaper!! It "looks" like real soft leather. I ordered the black WJC877. After reading most of the reviews, I was back and forth between the S or M. I'm 5' 1", 107-110 lbs. measurements;34-25-34. I'm putting my measurements because I felt that really helped with making my decision on my purchase, from the girls that put that in the reviews. Sizes are so crazy these days!! I'm usually a size S, but now and then a M. I went with the S this time, it fits "perfectly," no room to spare. I'm thinking I maybe could have gone up to the M. Just to have more room for clothing underneath, but I read in one review that the girl said the M was a bit wider and boxier. I can wear a tank top or a tshirt and can zip it up, but I don't think with a sweater I will be able to zip it up. Zippers are nice and sturdy, but I do have a difficult time zipping up the jacket, but I'm mostly going to wear it open. It's very stylish and I can bring my arms forward comfortably. My real leather I purchased years back, I can't pull my arms forward it's to tight and stiff, and uncomfortable. This jacket is very comfortable and moves with you. I'm very happy with this purchase! Hope my review helps!!
0,very nice bracelet. would defiantly buy from here again
0,Nice design. Quality is not the best but OK.
0,I really like this suit..the v dips pretty low but I don't care as its swimwear.  I would give 5 stars but the only draw is the neck strap fits better one way but then the tighten strap is upside down.
0,I love this ring. It is so rich looking. I have 2 sets. Looks even better.
0,This seems to be good quality, soft leather.  The color is a soft red, exactly as it appeared on my screen.  The Carharrt logo is unobtrusive.	It is not large and I have to double up my cards in the slots, but I am ok with that.  I took away one star for the logo.
0,Very well made
0,Nice shoes and very comfy.  Nice cushioning in the sole.  They are very pretty and well made.  If you can't decide on what size to get, I would suggest that you choose the smaller size.  I ordered a 6, and they are just slightly roomier than other size 6 shoes.  If you have very narrow feet, you might have a problem with these shoes as these may be a little too loose.  My feet are normal (not narrow and not wide) and they were not tight at all the first time I wore them like some shoes are when you are breaking them in.  Hopefully they won't be too loose the more I wear them.  Overall, great shoes.
0,This was for my father in law, but he seems to be very please.
0,i bought this in size 10 which surprisingly was small to my feet. I wear a 10 shoes but in this company 10 runs small.
0,Our esident ballerina loved it!
0,Big WAAAAW. I love it, well made, very nice, and elegant. True to size. Love the material. I bought one, when I got it I fall in love with it, then I bought the other 2 colors. Now I have  three.	If you like it, go ahead and get it. Thank you international Amazon for shipping all way to New Zealand.
0,Husband's tungsten wedding ring for $15?? Yes please!		Doesn't scratch, still looks great. Love it!
0,These are beautiful earrings.  The design is elegant not gaudy making them appropriate for all but the most casual attire.  The workmanship is great, the wires are firmly attached, there is enough of the back hanging down to keep the earrings securely in place. The pearls are securely placed in the setting. The pearls themselves are lovely and appear to be of good quality.  One of the pearls on the earrings I received did seem to have been pared down slightly to fit into the setting and although this would, I suppose, be a blemish the only way it is visible would be by examining the earring very closely, something that is not typically done.  Seriously, when was the last time somebody was six inches away from earrings you were wearing?
0,The face is harder to read than I hoped. Also it's tighter so harder to wear all day.
0,great pants!
0,bought as a gift.  they love it.
0,Needs to be made in USA also need Multi cam style pockets on shirt sleeves. other than that they are great high quality shirts. I say need pocket sleeves cause I wear body armour with it.
0,Very nicely made, but a tad on the large side.  My one and a half year old normally can wear a size 7 quite comfortably, but these fall off often.  But, I figured he will grow into them eventually.  They are easy enough for him to take off by himself.
0,I love these sandals!  Very comfortable!  You will love these if you try them.  I am very picky about shoes and these are great!
0,Fits her great love the material
0,Awesome jeans.  Probably my favorite pair right now.  Very comfortable and fit snug without being too tight.
0,I just received this in the mail and I love it..yes it does have a chemical smell but after a wash I am sure it will probably go away...will be ordering more colors..shipping was fast..would definitely recommend to others.
0,I love this dress, it fits perfectly,shows off your curves and hides your flaws. It's the perfect dress!!
0,Love them!
0,these boots are great.  I've had them for a long time now and they have held up! they are durable and very comfortable.
0,Love the bag, it has lots of space its strong material, i get compliments every time I carry it.  It's great i would recommend anyone to buy it.  Thanks Fash team
0,I ordered these for my niece... She absolutely loves them and they fit perfect! :)
0,This is so dainty and pretty - just perfect for the little girl who loves everything Disney.  Minnie Mouse's bow is delicatlely crafted in silver, and lies flat along the silver chain.  It was love at first sight for one little girl!  Destined to be a favorite treasure!
0,True to color, bow is bigger than expected but that just makes them all the more cuter.
0,I bought these in 2014 and they still have not shown any signs of wear. They are a little roomy but they are the most comfortable underwear I own. I'm 5'3'' and 185 pounds and purchased the XL/7. I just purchased six more pairs to replace a different brand that has worn out.
0,I love these pants. I'm 5'1" with about a 29" waist and 39" hips. I lift weights and squat pretty heavy, so my bottom and hips and thighs fit in a size 8 petite, while the waist fits perfectly! I love them.
0,Nice quality sweatshirt for the price!
0,these shoes were for my grandson.  He normally wears size 10 1/2 or 11 shoa.	the first pair we ordered was returned because the color was not his first choice.	The second pair that was returned was because size 10 was much too big.	The third pair fits fine at size 9 and he is happy with these shoes.
0,Completely happy with my new flip flops.  Perfect fit, very durable looking and great cushion for comfort!  I will live in these in summertime.  Love the color too!  May order a second pair.
0,I always bought bargain no show socks...OMG what a difference.	They are well made and stay on your foot the way they supposed too.	they are cushioned on the bottom and thinner on the top (breathable)	My new favored socks!
0,Well made. Could be a little longer in the body to stay better tucked. I wear this top to keep out of the sun and cooler while outside.
0,Love the bag! Bigger than what I expected! Will get another one!
0,These undies are cute and wellmade and comfortable!! :)
0,Really nice summery dress. I only wish it wasn't cut short on the front, but on the sides. Other than that, I love it
0,I love these.  They are so soft and buttery.  I thought I would need plus size (tall and curvy), as another very popular brand but I fit just fine in the normal sized leggings.  The print is fun, I can't wait to get more patterns!
0,These are great driving gloves...just snug enough to provide control of the wheel, yet warm and good looking.
0,This is the best swimsuit I've had for a long time. I get lots of compliments, and it hides all the things I want to hide. I am 5'6" and 155 pounds, and a large fits perfect. I did take out the breast cups--they were too hard and pulled the neckline of the suit down farther than I was comfortable with. They were easy to remove, and it looks much better on me without them.
0,FITS GREAT AND SHIPPED SUPER FAST.
0,2017 and I now am hanging these up! They are beautiful and amazing! I have back problems but didn't feel any with these
0,Girl loves them awesome buy
0,awesome value\ great product / fantastic comfort
0,I probably read the description incorrectly but I assumed they had some sort of covering over the Polartec ... they do not this is just Polartex with nothing over it (it will snag but I ain't a beauty queen)  They are awesome warm , easy on and off with the zippers down the side... very nice and warm at a low price,  They really don't block the wind yet they are warm in the wind, they are very thick likely 1 inch or so. at the price you can't go wrong, will use them in wet snow today ... let's see how that works out :)
0,Good  product with a good  price.  Fitted well
0,Not the best quality, but very cute and comfortable.
0,great!
0,There Chucks there awesome,  always fit right and all I  ever wear!
0,The appearance and quality are very impressive. The leather us supple and comfortable. The styling and coloring of the boot was excellent.
0,Cute. Vivid colors
0,Does what they say on the tin but I would not buy any more.  I found they were light to pack and dried very quickly however they were very sticky and sweaty to wear in 30 Deg temps of Thailand.  I went back to my all time favourites Mundo Unico which are more comfortable and although not as light wick up the sweat
0,Great shoes
0,I love panties
0,The color is nice and they are comfortable.  For me, the style is for casual wear.
0,Great boots they are light and are fast to break them in
0,nice
0,Love it <3
0,I will order more.
0,I love this pendant. It casts a lot of shine, and is quite beautifully balanced, with the smaller stones at the top of the circle. The garnet is a nice touch. My advice is to replace the chain to maximize on the dressiness of this pendant. However, to tap into wearing the garnet on its own, or the topaz without the garnet, one has to take everything apart. SHould you wish to do this, and then wish to reassemble it, it is best not to do it in a hurry, as it is slghtly tricky, although possible. All in all, I recommend this as a great addition to a collection!
0,These are my 2nd boots I own and they could not be any better. Comfort 6/10 Looks 8/10. Goes very good with jeans. I have not yet found good socks to wear with be boots without discomforting my upper heel.
0,Very comfortable fit, with or without lightweight socks. Fit like classic canvas.
0,Love them
0,Let's start with the good:	1-The material is nice and thick...the quality is obvious	2-I ordered this in yellow and the color really pops.  It's gorgeous.	3-The material is very soft.		The bad:	1-I'm not a large girl, but have a 36D chest.  I ordered an XL and this still won't fit around my chest.  I can button it, but it is basically compressing so hard it looks comical, so I am choosing to just not button it.	2-Even though this is a woman's flannel there is no "fitting" to it.  It is baggy around the core section.		Overall I like it, for wearing as an open flannel with an undershirt, but it sucks even in a XL I can't button it.
0,Was expecting a fullgrain leather belt.... got it!  Wished it was made a bit wider but the quality is there.  Definitely worth the few extra bucks... the color of the leather is perfect!
0,Look, Calvin Klein is Calvin Klein, their products are more than great and its my favorite brand. Because of health issues Ive to size up always in bras. Im M so I ordered L.		The color was beautiful, the fabric what I needed, etc. The problem is that, even though the label said L, what I got is a very small M. It fits me, obviously, but so tight that it was almost to the point of being unbearable, because of the health issues I mentioned before. I even think thats an S. I have other bralettes like this one and all of them fit perfect, except for this one. Thankfully Im on a strict diet and soon it will be comfy enough to wear. Thats why I gave 4 stars....
0,Great quality product, and great customer service from the seller! Would definitely recommend!
0,Very pretty item. The box it came in was really nice as well!
0,The top looks great.  I'm a huge fan of the length of this top and the shirring makes it lay well.  I bought a red one and a burgundy one.  The burgundy one feels like there's more coverage.  The red seems a little bit transparent.  Nothing major but the burgundy one feels less revealing.  This looks great with a pencil skirt!
0,Size up because they are cotton and shrunk in the wash.  I don't like my clothes too tight though.  They are a little sheer as well so plan on wearing a camisole beneath
0,I bought this for my husband & it fits great on him. He has had numerous compliments asking where he got it.
0,Love all Jostar products!!!! Nice fit and flow!!!!
0,Fits like a dream!
0,This was a gif for my wife, and she loves it, it comes in a retro style case
0,Good price and size was right for my girlfriend. pay more attention to the size chart.... this is a good deal.
0,perfect for cold weather
0,good hat for the price
0,dad loved this
0,fits great
0,I bought this for my husband who needed a super light weight summer robe. He's a 3X and it's not easy finding robes that are suitable.  Most are heavy, plush & too warm.  We both had little chuckle with this one as it is sooo much like a hospital robe!  However, aside from that it's fine.  I've washed & dried it and it didn't shrink or lose any color.
0,Runs small but I love it!!
0,Love the hat. Would love new colors.
0,Fits nice if you like slightly tighter clothes.	Material is thin. But overall great.
0,great colors, great deal!!!
0,I would like these better if they did NOT have the drawstring around the bottom.  As it is, I am 5-9" with long legs.  These are too long, the regulars are too short.  I had to hem these--no big deal.  LOVE all the pockets on the legs, because stuff doesn't fall out of them like it does when I use my scrub top pockets. These have an elastic waist rather than drawstring, and personally I think I prefer the drawstring, because elastic doesn't adjust.
0,love this NQ snake chain bracelet ... was a little hard to open at first but is made real well and is of great quality ... use the safety chains by NQ to make sure you never lose your investment!
0,These jeans are for my husband.  He liked the fit but, the height of the fabric in the butt was short .  He has a notorious Plumbers crack anyway.  And normally you wouldn't see as much.  He likes the jeans just give the back waist band some height.
0,This is a simple hat that would fit almost anyone as the gentle elastic band accommodates most.  It should work fine for my purposes and I would recommend it to others.
0,I am not a slim build, but rather average and my calves fit just fine in these boots.  They are very comfortable.  I almost always wear 8.5, and the 39 fit perfect.  This is the perfect boot for style and comfort.
0,What a wonderful hat! Functional and super stylish! I love it. I'll be buying these as gifts. They're a treasure I wish if known of sooner. I've attached a photo so you can see the brim size on a person. I could find many photos online before ordering. The brim is completely adjustable and you can flip it up/mold it easily.
0,Great quality and good price. Very pleased with this purchase.
0,I've had these slippers for about 3 months, I was searching for a new pair of indoor-outdoor sole moccasin slippers and these looked perfect. Warm, cushy and able to traipse outside quickly to grab the paper if needed. At first the slippers didn't fit great, the rubber sole made them a little stiff and they didn't want to stay on my heel. After wearing them for awhile this stopped being an issue, they formed perfectly to my foot and they don't slide or flop at all. They actually feel even more comfortable after wearing them awhile.		SIZING:  I ordered a 9, I normally wear a 10 and can sometimes get away with a 9.5 in most shoes, I followed other reviewer's advice to size down one size and they were right.		DURABILITY: Excellent! I wear these daily, sometimes with socks and sometimes without and they have held up great. They don't smell at all from wearing them sockless. My cat is attracted to the sheepskin lining and attacks them, biting and kicking them and they are still holding up great and don't look like they've been used as a kitty chew toy. I always stop him when I see it happening but he still gets them sometimes. The suede is starting to pill a tiny bit and the sheepskin has flattened where my foot presses on it but it still looks uber-fluffy everywhere else.		DISLIKES: the shoelaces come untied, I have to constantly pull on the bows to tighten them. The light green color looks a little dirty from daily wear, I should have scotch-guarded the suede. These are all extremely minor grievances. I will definitely be buying another pair of these!		My photos are what they look like at the time of this review, 3 months after I bought them.
0,They were a little tight in the beginning, but I've broken them in after wearing for a couple of days and they fit fine.  Nice looking booties.  I can wear them with everything sporty or casual.
0,Works great!  So handy for readers!
0,I really liked the color but the sleeves are too big and I even ordered a size smaller.
0,Awesome shoes! Love the colors, the soles, and the gold signature on the heel. We had to get a size bigger for these though.
0,I love this watch.  I bought it to stack with some chunky gold bracelets and it looks great.  The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it's too big.  I will have to take it to a jeweler to have at least 3 links taken out.  I've been wearing it in the meantime but it rotates around and I'm sure I'll scratch the face.
0,I love this shirt. the graphics looks like a hair band from the 80's and the material is good quality. It did not shrink after I washed it. I washed it in cold water and air dried it. I usually wear a size 2 and this t shirt fit just right even with an added tank top under it. If you are in between sizes I would advise going a size up. I put it up to my other shirts also label "small" and they were basically the same length and width. the fabric is similar to a Hanes t shirt. For $15 bucks you can't beat it.
0,I know that my daughter will be thrilled with this shirt & the stickers are a great touch.  I was looking for a tee shirt to complete her Big Sis basket & this was perfect.  Item is good quality & correctly sized.  Very excited to give it to our daughter when her new brother or sister arrives!
0,Very nice rain coat. My son LOVES it. The quality of the material and the stitching is very high. I will buy more in the future.
0,Love it
0,This one is very nice and my wife said it is very comfortable/warm. I wouldn't use the ties because they don't feel that strong but otherwise it is warm on the ears.
0,Finally, something that holds my passport and other necessaries in one, slim case.  Looks good and works perfectly.
0,cool style	size good	added more order for the other color
0,Most comfortable bra I have ever owned...........You need this bra.  I'm still wanting a nude colored one.  They were out of that color.
0,Great blouse. Complex, muted color. Very feminine. I'm 5'4" 145 pounds, and the large fits perfectly.
0,Perfect!
0,I like this sweater, it's really cute. It took about two weeks to arrive. The neck hole is larger than it appears in the photo, so my bra is showing. Not really a problem for me though. I am a curvy (fat) person, and I bought the large. It fits pretty good, but not loose like the girl in the picture. I didn't want it to be too loose though, because that wouldn't really flatter my body type. Also the skull is white not grey like the picture, but I actually like it like this. Over all, I am satisfied with this purchase and if you are considering buying it I say, why not :)
0,I ordered a size M for my 4 year old and it fits perfect. She loves it! The costume is also better quality than I expected.
0,The quality of this necklace exceeded my expectations!. I love the length and look.
0,Ok its very small and kind of a pain to put it on and in but super cute .
0,they look cheap but thier not the bottom is this good plastic and the material of the shoe feel like the material for combat boot fit great and they come with two lace and i got the cream one the color is great
0,Good level of support without a huge struggle to put on like some. A bit pricey.
0,I love the boot, they run a lil large. I should have gotten a 6.5
0,Received well.
0,I have had a hard time finding consistency in the fit of the Dockers D2s.  I have purchased four pairs and each of the four have a slightly to vastly different fit.  Instead of playing the guessing game with the D2s, I purchased 3 pairs of D3s.  The fit on the D3 is slightly baggy, but consistent.  So I know if I buy my size the fit will be the same for all pairs.  The Iron Free is about 80% true.  I still have to Iron my pants before I wear them, but being ex-military I might have higher standards regarding wrinkles than most.
0,Cute
0,Fits good and good performance for the price
0,My boys LOVE them.... They fit perfect! they have the mesh lining in them. They have elastic around the back ends of the swim trunks to give them a tighter fit. The colors are true to the picture. The fabrica great.. The stitching is great.. All around I feel these swim trunks are a great buy!
0,It's a little short but perfect to wear around the pool, beach, lake, or a day of boating.  Nice light fabric and great coloring.
0,I like the fit but wish it was more of a classic red, it is a bit too pink for the outfit I needed it for.
0,MY MISTAKE...CONFUSED THE MEN'S SIZE 10 WITH THE WOMEN'S SIZE 12, WHEN IT SHOULD'VE BEEN MEN'S SIZE 12. THESE LATE-NIGHT ORDERS ARE PLAYING TRICKS ON THESE "OLD EYES", I DON'T HAVE A PRINTER BUT i'LL TRY AND MAKE SOME OTHER ARRANGEMENTS FOR AN EXCHANGE, NOT A REFUND. PERHAPS I CAN DRIVE TO THE MILLIKIX IN BELLFLOWER TO MAKE AN EXCHANGE ON 3-16-18, NO PROBLEM.
0,Jan st what I expected.
0,I had to add an insole in these shoes, but they are very comfortable!
0,theyre perfect so far!  good quality for casual wear and also for sports wear
0,High quality. Great Price. Very Sturdy. The colors are really attractive on this product.
0,Good price, good quality and looks amazing. The fur keeps me warm and the coat is so soft on the outside!
0,this is the second pair for my husband. still have the first ones,but they stretched out from wear.  i machine washed the first pair and they tightened up, so now they are not so loose and he has a crappy pair to run outside if needed and a nice pair for in the house. glad we bought them again !!!
0,Perfect
0,Good
0,I like this sweater a lot but the XL I bought is NOT an XL by my standards. I normally wear a Medium to Large and have an hourglass shape and this fits me like a glove. Very good quality product that I look forward to wearing
0,Beautiful bag, really nice detail
0,Finally found some all black vans!
0,The best scrub tops at a low price.  I have serveral of these scrub tops in other colors and they're the best.  They have lasted me a few years and don't really fade too much for the amount of times I wash them.
0,Love the material. Way cheaper than purchasing at a scrub shop.
0,These shirts are great to wear under my uniform but they fit really small
0,I loved these, but they do run small.
0,Traditional Levi's quality. Does not shrink in wash. Sturdy. Colors don't run
0,My son loves it
0,The non-slip soles really work well. I often have to walk on wet, icy, or snowy sidewalks and crosswalks on my way to work but I never worry about slipping or sliding when I'm wearing these shoes. I always wear them when I travel by air because they are easy to take off and put back on at the security checkpoint. They are nice enough to wear to the office or to dinner but are still comfortable and casual enough to wear anywhere else that is indoors. This is my second pair. I now own one black and one brown pair, and plan on always owning a pair until they stop making them.		The only reason I gave only four stars is that they don't support my feet as well as athletic shoes or hiking boots. They are very good value though, for the price. Five stars shoes would cost double what these cost.
0,excelente
0,Very nice look and quality!	nice upgrade from my skinny jeans
0,I am giving these to sushi-obsessed friends. I have several pairs of other motifs, so I knew they would love the quality as well as the design. The actual background color is a bit murkier than sown in photo. Not a deal breaker, though. Really sharp detail on the graphics.
0,Just what I wanted/needed.
0,beautiful, dressy and fun
0,These will take some time to get used to.  They are tight on the toes.  I am hoping with time that they will stretch and fit better.  I like the color and the height of the heel.
0,I love these jeans!  They fit perfectly.  No gapping.  Good length.  I would recommend them to all my friends. Thanks.
0,This is a Christmas gift and I know my grandson will like this.  Light feature is nice too.  Well made.  In fact my 18 year old granddaughter said her boyfriend would really like it.  Hey teenager approval that says something.  I would buy this again!  Oh ya nice to have a warranty, thanks.		Gave to grandson for Christmas, his reaction was priceless!  He is 14 at its a perfect gift.
0,Shweeeeet!
0,This bra is wonderful. I bought it for wearing at night but now I love wearing it all day too. Truly you are unaware of it..it lives up to its name.
0,They run big so buying a size smaller is advised. Normally I wear a 2x but an Xl fits perfect with room.
0,Pretty small but nice bow tie and nice quality
0,Cute socks
0,Love the Fit and all the Colors!!!
0,So extremely happy with this purchase! Nice fabric, good fit, beautiful rich color. Delivered quickly! Worth every penny. I am extremely picky and was a little uncertain on rhe quality when reviewing online. I must say I was pleasantly surprised. Only down side is it has a few wrinkles when first opening...let it hang a few days or use a steamer.:)
0,We purchased these for my husband to wear to sleep in, his feet get cold now that he's older and circulation isn't what it was.  No complaints they are what we wanted.
0,Love the bag, I have it in 3 colorss
0,Second pair of rockports. While quality is ok, I was not happy with the life of the soles of these shoes. Lasted about 8 months with daily usage.
0,Nice bag, just big enough!!!!!! True color, great price!!!!!
0,Love it!
0,Very nice quality
0,I got this as a gift for Christmas for my sister and she adored it. A great looking piece and she sure seemed to like it. I would recommend it.
0,These are good, except I bought the small and really needed medium.  I wear a size 7.
0,So colorful and comfortable.
0,Purchased as a gift and he loves them.
0,These are fine summer pjs but the quality of fabric is lacking. A thin weave that gets stretched out as toddler pulls them on and off herself daily.
0,I really like these they are so light and do not slip off ,I wear mine with sneakers .
0,Excellent
0,The brush is well made, but a lot smaller than I expected...
0,Loved by owner.
0,Most comfy shoe on the market light as a feather, wears well , that insole is a dream you have been waiting for but never found until you wear a Sketcher
0,Love my glasses. they look stylist and nice.
0,Nice shirt!
0,fits well, lots of accessories.
0,nice size and price
0,Wow so pretty !! too big to really believe its real but who cares its gorgeous!!!! i love it!!! thanks honey
0,Love them, for that low price tag I think you can't get any better. They feel very well built and also feel great when wearing them. It's nice that they add a cleaning cloth, a box to store the glasses in and even a little screwdriver to fix the little screws if they get lose. Very Nice glasses for a good price. 10/10
0,Warm and fit great!
0,Son loves it.
0,Like
0,these are nice, lightweight, and warm. They fit under sleeves great!
0,Adorable ! Wish it had a softer feel to material! Love the fit and look!
0,Love them
0,These are my favorite casual shoe. Wish i could find another pair but apparently I bought the last pair of size 10's :(
0,My husband I went as "sexy" riding hood, and the big bad wolf.  I ordered him this mask, and then sewed some fur into an old flannel, and it was the perfect costume.  He had some complaints about the mask - it was really hard to breathe in, and he didn't want to take his mask off every time he had a sip of his beer.  So I took some scissors and made a hole in the back of the mouth, about the size of a half dollar.  I also made the holes in the nose (which were each like a pinhole and the only way for air to get in) a bit larger - maybe 1/4".  You couldn't see them all, and he was a lot happier.	With that, it was still worth it.  It's a funny mask, and it was cheap!  Would recommend.
0,Love these glasses, fast shipping. The fit is very good. Shade for sun is very good. Love these. The quality is very good.
0,comfortable and nice looking
0,Cute but seemed little big for a womens size 9
0,Always have been a fan of Burkenstock.  As I've aged, my arches have fallen and my feet are now wider.  It takes another week of breaking them in, but comfortable as expected.
0,Wow!  Packing and living out of a suitcase made easy.  Well worth the price.  Saves space.  Makes organization simple.  These are smaller size and fit easily in my underseat luggage.
0,Super cute outfit and it fits great!
0,Running very small. Like 2 dress sizes small
0,I'm a 34 c+/sometimes D. I really like these bralettes. The adjustable straps and removable pads are awesome, but the pads lose their shape after a few washes so someone less lazy than me would want to take them out and wash them seperately. I just end up using the pads from other bras in them at that point, but I'm sure they could be preserved w/the right care.
0,Love it!!
0,Lighter color than expected, but I still find it very pretty. Almost an inch across.
0,Perfect, I had them on yesterday, great purchase
0,Very heavy for a running shoe...
0,I really like the costume but the experience was frustrating. I had contacted this company at least four times because part of the Red Riding Hood costume was missing (the hood). I emailed right away and was promised the other part, which they then said was lost in the mail. I had to contact them at least four times over two weeks to get the piece. Frustrating, but a cute costume.
0,These are by far the most comfortable flip-flop I have ever worn. I live in Fl. and it's a flip-flop way of life!! was a little reluctant to spend that much on a flip-flop that you can buy all day for less than $5 but I am very glad I did. These are now my "dress up shoes"!!!
0,Cute! Fit my babys fat foot.
0,These are so comfortable and look great with jeans!  They are a tad large and I could have gotten a half size smaller.  I like to wear socks with my Uggs (you don't have to) so they work fine for me.
0,kind of a subtle LGBT bracelet, but nicely made
0,I love these shoes. My last pair lasted almost 2 years. I wore them at least 4 days a week for 10 hour days as a manager of a plant nursery. They are cute, comfortable and waterproof. Lots of compliments from customers!
0,These were a great replacement for a missing bar on my Seiko SARB07
0,I received this yesterday, and it's so incredibly comfortable and warm!  It's made of great material and it's so cute!  I've received quite a few compliments already!  Furthermore, the touch screen fingers work great.  I have no problem dialing and Facebook surfing with these gloves on.  There were no strings that had been snagged.  It fit my fingers perfectly which is hard to do.  I have long fingers so a lot of gloves are generally too small.  So if you're like me, you shouldn't have a problem with this pair.  It is a bit snug for those who have thicker fingers.  My dad has thick fingers, and he had a little bit of difficulty pulling the gloves on.  He eventually got there, but it took a bit.  I'm one happy purchaser!		*I purchased this at a promotional rate for reviewing purposes.  All opinions expressed are my own and have no been influenced in any way.
0,Wore it on my prom dress, it definitely added made it pop and completed the look :) very pretty and great for the price
0,I just got mine so far its good but a little long in the body. So I suggest if you wear large get one large and one medium. Then if you fit either keep the best fit or both. I'll keep mine.
0,My daughter likes it.
0,These leggings are surprisingly thick. They feel as warm as sweatpants but much more flattering. I usually wear a size 12 and the large fits me well.
0,This pendant is very nice. It is very small like the name suggests. The chain is very cheap, so I will be putting it on a different chain. I assumed the chain would be cheap considering the price, but I took off a star for the chain's appearance. The Star of David looks nice and does not look as though it will break easily.
0,Excellent product
0,Design looks better in pictures.
0,I love, love, love these boots!  They're super comfy and so cute!  I looked high and low for something with buttons (I hate tucking jeans in with 1/8" wiggle room) and these are perfect.  Love the color too...not chocolate brown but not that "camel" yellowy brown, either.  Highly recommend!
0,These are the best biking shorts/pants I've found.  I like the design.  The many pockets are all put to good use.  I especially like the pocket for the phone/music player.  My smartphone fits perfectly.  The sunglassed wipe attached inside one of the thigh pockets is a nice touch.  The fabric is tough but light.  The liner is good and the shorts and liner can be worn seperately.  I like that the legs can be worn in the morning/evening when it's chilly and removed during the day.  Also the legs can be put on when not riding so one can have full pants when off the bike such as going to a restaurant or stores etc.		The only nit I have to pick is that the way the pant legs are designed to keep them out of your chain is with buttons.  The pant legs are rolled up and buttoned.  This doesn't seem like the best design to me.  Velcro patches seem like a better idea and I may get some sewn on as I've had done with other pants in the past.  Right now I just use a pants leg strap on my right leg.  This isn't a big deal.		I'm 6'1" and 208 lbs.  I wear size 38 pants and the XL size fits me fine.		I would definitely buy these again and I may get another pair.
0,The hood is is great!  Because the price was so low, I expected it to be way small  or very thin and flimsy.  Instead it fit fine and looks good.  It is a light fabric  which works fine for me.  It would be good for layering, but would not keep you warm in a snow storm!
0,great shoe for the price, no complaints
0,I live in Toronrto, Canada. My kids just returned from Orlando, tried the shirt only today, great fit /material. I am impressed. May purchase other colors	Thank you.
0,Good socks
0,Awesome!
0,Love my Chucks.
0,I  am wearing it
0,very nice
0,Wonderful shoes that keep my poor feet warm as toast.i plan to buy another pair before year is out.fits great color as ordered and fur plush.love love love.thanks for carrying ugg.
0,My favorite.! My old exact same pair was worn out and I bought the same thing again.
0,Tapered the way to go if your not into that skinny fit straight through . Normally I wear 34 length but with the tapered I go for 32 length
0,Great material and design. Great looking bag for teens!
0,I transitioned away from NB to Skechers, and these have helped me to continue that proud tradition. Very comfortable, I wear them all day every day, and they have held up admirably so far. Just get them, you can't beat this quality or this price.
0,Great product, genuine leather cap, husband looks great wearing it.
0,I love these shoes!  They are so lightweight and comfy I could live in these..
0,ok
0,Second jacket of this exact type. comfortable, just warm enough for chilly evenings around the fire pit. First one was embroidered, 3-4 years ago, holds up great!
0,kind big and gaudy so i only wear when im defiantly in style
0,THESE ARE MY FAVORITE JEAN'S!  THEY FIT WELL AND LOOK GOOD!
0,Cute on my 3 year old!
0,I like them. As others have said, they're lightweight and bright. For under $8, well worthwhile. Two hints for you, though:		1. They're small. I have small hands and they're tight on me and on my friends.		2. There aren't any instructions.  There's a sticker on the back of each glove that says, "On/Off&#34, but the stickers were nowhere near the switches, which are on the square light controllers inside the gloves. The switch is hard to feel even if you know where it is, so I suggest separating the velcro inside the glove, and looking at the controller.		Other than that, you can't go wrong for the price.
0,My husband loved it. I got it for him for a wedding and he got alot of complements.
0,I haven't used them yet but so far so good!
0,Oh my they are so cool.  VERY glittery - could even wear them for dress!  The toe strap is tight - but that will loosen with time.  The over the top foot strap is a little loose - nothing can do about that.  But they look COOL!
0,I like it and will keep it.  But the color stated is not what I expected.  It is a good bit darker with a greener aqua.  Still nice but darker.  The top zip area is tight --small to get my fire and phone through.  But it appears well made and it is light in weight.  The strap is nice, and adjusts easily.
0,Didn't realize it's a cat print, but that was a nice and funny surprise.
0,Very comfortable. True size. Have received allot of complements with this shoes. I recommend anyone to buy them you will no regret it and your feet will not suffer at all
0,True to size. I'm a size 7 and I bought a small. Very comfortable. Nice material, especially for the price. I would buy these again!
0,Purchase for a wedding and received several compliments. These sparkly shoes were exactly what my outfit needed to bring it up a notch. Comfortable enough to make it almost all the way to the w d of a long night of dancing.
0,These are comfortable boots with good support . I cannot speak to all day comfort , because I don't need to wear them all day. The weather here is still kinda warm for October and these boots will be great as it chills down. If your a little OCD , you might be bothered by the slight visual lean inwards when walking. If I don't stare at them ...it is not bothersome ! LOL  I ordered at least four different boots, before choosing these . My biggest priority was comfort and these ranked high above other brands !
0,For my daughter, who wears a 7 1/2 shoe. The fur lining is thick, got her an eight. She loves them.
0,What's not to love abt Carhartt products? They fit great, wash up great, hold the color very well. Hubby drives semi and Carhartt stands up to the stress of his job and wear. You can nvr go wrong w buying their products.
0,OK
0,Very soft cotton, quality fabric, cute design, fits well. Love it!
0,I bought these for my daughter for tap class. She has flat feet and most shoes hurt. She has not complained about these so I'm happy. The look good and seem to be well made.
0,This shoes fts well and feel comfortable, looks pretty good as well.  I am very happy with my purchase, looks even better than it does online. A lovely shoe.
0,A great product of great quality. They are very comfortable and great looking. Totally recommended. Great for the summer and any casual ocasion.
0,Great quality and my little guy loves wearing these around the house!  I will buy the next size up when he grows out of these!
0,Great flip flop - very comfortable!  Bottle opener on the bottom comes in handy too.
0,Gerber baby clothes run a tad small,  but sizes differ drastically brand to brand.  These onesies are a nice soft cotton with a bit of stretch with cute patterns.  I also have the pain white ones in two different sizes and these are just as good.  Amazon's price can't be beat. These laundered well with slight shrinking. Overall very good purchase.
0,These are a handsome pair of dress shoes. The leather is decent quality and fit and finish are good, but they are definitely not up to the standard for which the brand Cole Haan became famous. They are made in India and the general impression is nice, but not WOW, this is a finely crafted piece of footwear! For a dress shoe, the leather is slightly on the casual side, which suits my husband's style, but may not be what you are expecting. It is soft and breaks in easily. The innersole is leather and comfortable but it's not like slipping on a pair of more expensive shoes, with the feeling that you could wear them for years and even have them resoled. In fact, that is the most significant difference between these shoes and better quality Cole Haan (or other brand) shoes: a welt or other construction that allows the shoes to be resoled. These look very much like they have decorative stitching only, and that the soles are glued onto the shoe. I've had this problem with other moderately expensive shoes made in China and elsewhere, and it's very frustrating, because they cannot be resoled if they start to separate. In fact, the sole is a little on the cheap side, being a sort of smooth generic rubber that doesn't look terribly durable. I rated these shoes 4 stars, but that is if you can find them for less than $200. They are overpriced in my opinion, but some reviewers report getting them on sale for $100. They are hard to get on without a shoe horn; you can't unlace them quite enough to slip on easily, but as they break in it should get easier. These shoes run narrow! In addition, they are somewhat pointed, so if you have a wide,  square shaped foot (i.e. short toes and wide arch area) you should definitely order a size up, and may still find that the fit is inappropriate. However, if you have a long shaped narrow, low volume foot, they may be perfect.
0,Nice and warm for winter.  Comfy slippers.
0,As always Carhartt delivers quality.
0,perfect
0,These are the 4th pairs I bought for my daughter. She loves them. She wears quite often so they won't last very long as the wheels will be worn out. One pair lasts for 6 months roughly.
0,I typically wear an 8 but I bought a 7.5 after reading other reviews so it worked out great!  They aren't prefect but for the price they are great!!  I was even able to put in an insert that made them much more comfortable.
0,When I first saw the bra I was a little apprehensive about whether or not this very thin, lace bra was goin to be able to give the right support and lift  for my DD to DDD size bust. It turns out I was pleasently surprised! This bra provides more support and lift than most bras I have come across, and is also, quite pretty. The only thing I have to complain about is that it is not the most comfortable bra to wear for long periods of time.
0,Beatiful
0,Awesome, wear it all the time, would buy more
0,Great shoes and comfortable.
0,love it!
0,Good fit n quality
0,Really cute. They came fast and packaged well. I haven't had any issues with them. So many people have liked them.
0,Just as expected. 2nd purchase very comfortable wouldn't wear any other type  Also if you stretch the front panel a little the sticker will peel off real easy with no glue left on the pantie.
0,Guess it depends upon where they are made. Several countries import these jeans if I remember. The 34 x32 fit well. But Sometimes 32 x 32 fit also. In this case, I had to go with the larger waist size. I have always preferred the "U" cut instead of the "V" cut in other jeans.
0,A little smaller fit than the ones my husband was used too, but likes them. Thank goodness they're good quality.
0,Teenage daughter loves these.  She, and her friends wear these, and have done so for the past four years.
0,Very cute, my daughter wears them all the time.  Even to bed ;-)
0,PERFECT
0,it is hard to find wide shoes that are pretty too. i have purchased two pair of these before and love them...they are made good and do not wear out fast.
0,Ver warm and comfortable weatthem undermy shirtsandpants
0,oh I love it
0,Awesome buckle and looks great
0,Very nice for the price!  I wear these under dresses, but would not recommend wearing as pants (as they would be see through).  The are ever so slightly snug/ small, but not even enough to check the "Somewhat Small" option.  Purchased in a 3XL, very happy, and will be a repeat customer.  Thank you!
0,These are actually pretty nice for winter use. I bought these to replace regular cotton socks during the winter and they work well.
0,fits a little big over the forehead, but it is a cute style.  I love it, wish they had more colors!  Warm and comfy, not scratchy.
0,A little big, other shoes of the same size fit me perfectly.
0,Love it. No bad here. Fit as expected. Was pleasently surprised how super soft it is. Very comfy. Pretty lace.
0,I ordered this last minute for a wedding. I ordered a Charcoal grey vest. I looked at the sizing chart and decided to buy the 3xl instead of the 2xl because of the white shirt I would be wearing underneath, and because I have some extra weight around my waist. It fit great, looked very nice for the wedding, and I got several compliments on it.	The buttons are loose, but I think that's just how it was designed.	For an inexpensive vest, it was exactly what I was looking for, and it will be worn again for two more weddings this year.
0,Loved it so much i got another one bigger
0,This is a perfect pants. We bought two different color) Size is true,very comfortable and looking great. I will recommend it everyone.
0,Really cute jacket and a great price.  Material feels stretchy for a comfortable fit.
0,Adorable
0,excelent i do recommend
0,very good price and very good fit.  Would recommend these to anyone who needs a good pair of blue jeans.
0,After reading the other comments on size issues, I ordered down, and got a sweater the perfect size for me.  It feels like it's high quality and it doesn't itch at all.  Very warm and pretty stylish.
0,beautiful and sexy bra. I love it. Surprisingly supportive despite the sheer fabric.
0,I bought the skeleton Symphony Maestro II Automatic watch for my husband's birthday. He absolutely loves the design and so far the watch is keeping perfect time.
0,Very Comfy
0,100% Recommended. Product in excellent condition, Thanks
0,Love it. Super cute.
0,Again bought this in xl tall . But too long. Needed to return for xl... Carhart very long for tall
0,Beautiful shoe. Runs a little small.
0,These are the best fitting, best quality, hottest jeans I've ever owned. I am 5 months post maternity and I still only wear these and another pair of the same jeans without the holes.
0,I finally found a suit that keeps my chest in and supported. It's well made and I can't believe it was only $19.99. I am very happy with it.
0,A classic in every sense. Well tailored, reserved, solid.
0,I love this top.  It fits perfectly and is flattering.  The fabric is on the thin side, so I'm not sure if lighter colored tops would show through, but the black top doesn't have that problem.  I wear it for work and I wish there were more patterns available.  It's hard to find tops that aren't v-neck or deep cut that are more revealing and perhaps less professional in appearance depending on what your job is.
0,Love, love, loveeeee it!!! I was scared that it was gonna be too loose for me since I ordered a size up as people suggested. It was loose as expected but it's not that bad actually, I put extra padding and it was good to go. For me it was true to size. Also the previous commenter was right about it being just a red and not a deep red. No worries the red isn't bad it's just a true red color like cherries. They do feel comfy and it is high but it doesn't feel that way tho cause of the 2 inch platform top. Overall very happy about the heels. I will update on its state of comfort. Btw these shoes are more towards small feet and ankle so if you're wide feet I don't recommend it. Can't wait to show'em off! ;] Also shipping was lightening fast for me!
0,Really like the sets.
0,love it
0,Bought about 24 pairs of these after I got the first sets!  Outstanding for working out and comfort.  Might be a little strange feeling if you are used to 100% cotton.  Very spandexy.
0,These earrings bring just the right amount of sparkle and brightness to your special event, without being overdone. The blue topaz and tiny surrounding white sapphire stones are brilliant, but the colors are subtle enough to match with any outfit shade or hair color. These earrings would be a great choice whether you are a teen going to a prom, a bride at her wedding, or at any age, for a fancy night out.  even if you tend to like slightly more subtle pieces, these don't disappoint, looking just as delicate in real life as the pictures here portray. The pieces are well-made, with clean cuts and smooth edging. The stones are held in place well, and the hinges work smoothly and close tightly. These are beautiful earrings, and shine in even dim lights. If you like this style, i highly recommend.
0,love the front closer
0,Just be aware that the pattern on the bottom front does not go around to the back of the garment, which is plain.
0,Nice tights
0,You cant beat these socks for the price!
0,My husband loves this ring.. And so do I.  It's so different than anything I've seen with real wood.. And it's classy!
0,These shoes are very comfortable and stylish.  They fit true to size too. If you wear any type of long dress with them it can get caught in the bejeweling.
0,Cute and comfortable with jeans, capris, or dresses. Very happy with this purchase.
0,Loved this sweater. It was hit for the ugly sweater run I was in!!
0,these worked great
0,LOVE  I am 165lbs 5'3 38DD and the 2XL fit me perfectly!!
0,Nice I like them
0,Comfortable, easy to get on & off, will go w/ all colors. This is my 2nd pair.
0,This was my 4th pair of Gel Nimbus, but the first 15s.  They did not feel as comfortable as previous pairs, and the sole felt stiffer.  I'm not sure if it is true of all 15s, or just this pair.  Awaiting the 16s now.
0,I purchased these for another of my grandson's he was super impressed with them, as stated previously, great range of shoes for kids on Amazon and will continue to purchase from Amazon.
0,Made for a wider foot-no way to really adjust and runs bigger than my TEVA tall winter boots. They are also stiffer than I expected. Cute design-just didn't work for me-Had to send back.
0,Unlike other underwire full coverage bras that I've worn, this bra feels great on and provides perfect support. The cups are a bit bigger than other Vanity Fair bras I have, a welcome change! No spillage at all! There is only one hook at the back, which is usually my preference, but not typically the case with bras that provide good support. This bra is very well made the color is a bit deeper than shown in the photo. I really like the feminine floral design of the fabric which is very smooth and doesn't show through under clingy knits and t shirts. There is just a slight bit of padding (about 1/4") that keeps my girls modestly covered when the weather gets cold ;)  This is an excellent bra, a great value for the money, highly recommended for great support while feeling very comfortable on. 5 stars!
0,The thumb is a little short on me, but it's not a deal breaker. The material is thin enough in the fingers that I could still use my iPhone through it!! Not THE most high quality pair of gloves, but for a costume it's perfect.
0,Nice and sleek with an easy snap closure.  Pretty light glitter finish. Looks dressy without being too flashy like some glittery products. I took off a star only because it was smaller than I hoped but I  found out there is a larger size avail.  The chain stays hidden until you need it, IF you need it.  Looks nice and sharp as a clutch.
0,Well made.  Would be nice if the fabric were a little softer, but still really nice shirt.
0,So warm and comfortable!
0,fits very nice nice feel to it tyvm
0,Nice top to wear with leggings, made of good quality material and fits beautiful.
0,Fits sport goggles perfectly, exactly what I wanted for the right price.
0,Perfect. I wear a size 18. Fit Wonderful. Just the right amount of stretch.
0,good
0,It fits good, just a little scratchy on the straps
0,my second pair of New Balance walking shoes, this is an upgrade from my (811's I think?). They are a good fit, comfortable, and encourage the roll walk. I was getting flat-footed in my old age.		They're good.
0,Rich, supple leather, beautifully made-lots of compartments for phone, credit cards and cash. LOVE it!
0,LIKE THAT IT IS FEMININE FLANNEL AND NOT YOUR BROTHERS FLANNEL. WILL ORDER AGAIN. JUST BE SURE OF SIZING.
0,My niece loves this outfit.
0,I love it is perfect for me the size is fine and the color is beautiful i can't wait to wear it
0,This is the one you reach for first, the one that can take you through a day in comfort + support. No lines showing up under thin cotton tops & tees-- It's rare to find a bra that looks this good on, and feels this good at the same time.
0,Would have liked them to be a little looser and a little longer but will work.
0,love this handbag!
0,Cute, love these
0,These shoes are just for fun. I'm not expecting a high quality shoes. They seem to run a little small, I ordered a size larger then needed so they will fit longer. Over all a good gift.
0,great wig
0,Soft and fits good.  The print is a little off but not too noticeable.
0,Love these pants. Fit so cute
0,excelente
0,Appears well made, quality construction.
0,Good quality, good proce
0,I am very satisfied with my recent Amazon purchase. My All Stars came significantly earlier than the prospected delivery date! I am extremely satisfied with the seller! Thank you Amazon!
1,This was a disappointment for a Keen product.
1,My wife is a Georgia fan so I thought this would look nice on her. That was mistake number one. This shirt is not flattering at all. There is no shape to it. The sizing isn't consistent at all. In person this shirt looks like something you would fix the car in and not to root on your favorite team.
1,Too small, not enough hair,  poor quality
1,I thought this top would be great but when it arrived it looked like it was made for a child not a woman.  It came from China so instead of returning it I gave it to a friend who is 5'2".  I am only 5'6"
1,The color is way off. I ordered what I thought was a soft pink, but the color is almost a neon orange.  Fit is fine.
1,Wow has the quality of this brand declined. See photo. I wore each of these pair of socks once and washed them once. Once. Notice how pilly. They won't last a month. What a disappointment in Hanes. I may just as well purchase cheap store brand socks.
1,Longer then expected. Had to roll them 3 times.
1,Everyone giving such positive reviews must not have any nipples. The fabric of the cup is so thin that everything is visible!
1,The stitching on sides came apart with one wearing and before washing... both disappointing and overpriced.... do not recommend it
1,Only okay.
1,The problem with this skort is the shorts do not stay down on your legs. I was hopeful this skort would be good for working outdoors. As I walked, the shorts rode up continuously.
1,Cheap heel strap broke while wearing around my apartment to break them in. Shoe was really uncomfortable in general and I would not recommend.
1,Pj bottoms are fine.  They were the right size.  The top was much too large.  I'm positive is is an extra large.  Didn't realize that the tags had been removed from both top and bottom before I washed them which includes sizes.  If I had realized it I would have returned them.  I'm not sure if they had been worn!!  Will have to watch out for this in the future.  Be on the look out!!
1,nothing like the picture & no clip to attach to the ear at top
1,Poor quality. Unfortunately mine arrived torn at the top.
1,These are labeled wide but are absolutely not. I ordered these with 2-day shipping for a wedding and now I'm S.O.L. I just purchased 2 pairs of sneakers in 10/2E from Nike which fit perfectly so I know my size is correct. So much for Rockports and their famous range of sizes.
1,Too long.
1,label as a size 4 but fits like a size 10. Stretchy, baggy, thin cheap material
1,Disappointed again,  tarnished
1,no arch support.
1,This shirt was completely missizwd.  I ordered a 3X and it was, at best, a ladies medium.  It is on it's way back to amazon, never to be ourchased again.
1,They were the comfiest but the soles were weird as one was white and one sole black and different clasps! I just had a huge laugh and sent them back! I was refunded !
1,This is not the size I was expecting. ALWAYS use the size chart and always read the fine print. These are going to goodwill.
1,Much smaller than stated size.  Have a similar shirt from the same company that fits well.  Not impressed...
1,I thought I was ordering a size 7 in women and it was a men's size 7 when they arrived.  I'll have to return them.
1,I can handle the shirt if it was a last resort. I ordered the black and white. With the black being shear, and the white being a gross cream color, and the strings being not sewn well and falling off, to the strings stretching/pulling off when I put it on, this shirt I do not recomend unless you're petite.
1,i ordered gray and they sent green. GREEN, come on guys really?  at least they were the right size. well done
1,Although this out is a very cute idea and it did fit as expected for the size I ordered the embroidery was horrible. As seen in the attached pictures the adjoining threads were not cut, The applique fabric was not cut between some letters and the "a" in birthday is messed up. The shirt itself is made nice but the "Birthday Girl" is a fail. The tutu is made good also except for the fishing line type thread that curls the ens of the tutu. It is sticking out in many places. I received this at a discount in exchange for an honest review.
1,Misshapen out of the box. Large for the size labeled.
1,A bit on the skimpy side....however, very, very pretty and delicate.  I'm wearing it anyway!!!!!	Connie Esposito
1,falling apart
1,didn't fit
1,way too big, bigger than I thought they'd be
1,Dress is NOT flared AT ALL like in the picture, its straight up and down! :( UGLY!
1,Belt loops ripped from the jeans within 2 weeks.  If I knew how I would return them.
1,UPDATE: I officially hate these flip flops.... oh, they still look nice, but now there is a squeak in addition to the suction cup noise when you walk. Subtracted another star and would give zero because they're also not super comfy.		I like the look of these, but the suction-cup sound effect when you walk is really hard to deal with! At first I thought it was the sticker and regretted pulling it off (hate sticky stickers on the soles) but after removing the residue it still makes a popping noise that you can feel too. I hoped it just needed some breaking in but that's not it either.  I won't return them now that I've worn them a few times and walked outside trying to get rid of the suction cup symphony problem, but I won't be ordering the others from Skechers I wanted to get if I liked these.		I have the yoga mat flip flops and LOVE them, so I am very disappointed these aren't as good. They are not quite as comfortable between the toes and there's that noise which is the real deal breaker.
1,Not "Olive"/Not 22". They are Lime-colored, actually. And, not the larger-size that they proclaim.
1,Two major issues with this.		1 - If the circumference of your wrist is the same as (or larger than) the length of this bracelet, forget about putting this bracelet on. The way the clasp works is -- you have to position the narrow part of the clasp vertically over the gap and insert it before they alight again and lock together. So you need at least one extra inch on the bracelet for that to happen. If you do manage to insert it, forget about taking this bracelet off. It's never coming off.		2 - Whatever adhesive they used to connect the leather to metal is crap. It's not physically bound together and will come off with even the slightest pull.		Now think about it. Combine the 1st issue and the 2nd issue, and you have a worthless, poorly designed, poorly constructed product.		What a POS.
1,runs huge and looks fake
1,I returned this
1,Liked the style.
1,Pretty material, runs small
1,Adorable bows but of relatively low quality. Several pins have already began unraveling. I'm sure it'll be an easy fix once I find my glue gun - but why should I have to after <1 month of use?
1,Shoe was damaged and did not make sounds.	Did not keep.
1,Had to return too small
1,Cheapest piece of jewelry I've ever ordered from Amazon.. The chain is long, the metal is horrible, probably won't even wear it..
1,The box was opened on the right side...not sure how sanitary these are. Bit apprehensive to use.
1,One was lopsided and still quite big and long. The red in ran even tho I pre washed it, but the green was a little better
1,Very thin and cheap looking material. Sending it back.
1,but that curving up toe... weird.
1,For real leather slippers they were put together really cheaply.  The fur came out in balls and there was this really irritating tag that said "propet" sloppily glued right where your heel meets the rest of your foot - very uncomfortable and annoying (especially for a house slipper!).  It might have been better if it had been sewn in.  Returned.
1,The 7mm and 6mm stones fell out when I opened the packaging.
1,I usually wear a large but after reading reviews I ordered XL. It is very long and tight but the bra part fits ok. It doesn't hang right and puckers around arms. I'm slim and the whole bodice is very tight and very long. Wouldn't order these again.
1,This isn't a scarf, it's a BLANKET!
1,The "Folio-flex waistband" doesn't flex at all, I'm returning both pairs of pants.  They don't look like they're defective, the "Folio-flex waistband" just doesn't flex (any more than just pulling on fabric with no "flex" design built in).		I'm looking for pants that actually expand / flex (like the "Hidden Expandable Waistband" on&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/some-Haggar-pants/dp/B002AQRPT6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">some Haggar pants</a>; those have hidden elastic that allows their waistbands to expand an inch or two on each side), these Perry Ellis pants claim to have a "Folio-flex waistband", but the waistband doesn't flex at all, it's like any other "fixed" or "rigid" waistband.		I'm annoyed and am returning both pairs of these pants.
1,Good god! I know you all call it cheap, but must it really look that cheap? Sheeesh!
1,Found out the hard way that not all the colors/patterns shown in this listing are the same style suit.  I purchased the Black Coco suit that has a brief bottom, not boy shorts.  The "dress" part is also quite short and barely hit my thighs.  This is not at all what the description, customer photos, or Q&A lead me to believe.
1,too small
1,The only good thing is that it did actually arrive.  Way, way too small, cheap fabric.  Sent from China with only Chinese writing.  Have no idea how to return it.
1,These are extremely sheer and not comfortable. I may keep them for after baby is born just as lounge pants.
1,The finger loop popped loose when I put the glove on for the first time.  I was on my way somewhere and couldn't sew it back together.  I ended up tying it to my ring and it worked out well, but they aren't the sturdiest gloves.
1,Had to return
1,You always have to try these on since they are made in Honduras. You never know which 6 year old kid made these. This time, I had both pairs fit properly.		Update 3/17/16: Bought another pair. They fit great too. Who needs Carhart for 2X the price?		Update 4/16: Now they look like gangsta pants. There is enough room in the thighs for 2 15 year-olds. They make "regular fit" but Amazon does not sell them. Maybe they should start.
1,It was a rubber material not for me
1,Buckles broke within a week of use. They held through the snow for a while but when they broke... Snow started coming in everywhere
1,Looks cool but too small....
1,Ordered a size 10 for our 8 year old boy as a Christmas present. Straight out of the package they were perfect in every way.  1 wash later and they were like a completely different set :( Shrank to the point of ankle part becoming shin length and the shirt covered his stomach but if he reached up in any way it became a belly shirt.  Honestly I'm confused because I ordered the Darth Vader/R2D2 set for our 4 year old and didn't seem to have the same shrinkage problem like we did with these.
1,You can see the outline of these thru anything.
1,Make annoying squeaking noises with every step I take. Two weeks of wearing them and I still cant break them in enough to get the noise to stop.
1,I was looking for comfortable and stylish shoes. These ones seemed to fit the bill. Unfortunately, they looked too clunky and unflattering on. Moreover, the inner part next to the upper strap cut right into my bones causing extreme discomfort. I will be returning them.
1,blech
1,The materials are good enough, in texture and appearance, and probably in durability, but the construction is utter crap. There is no foot these would fit: the heel cradle is way too shallow. Its impossible not to have them fold under the foot, even after a minor struggle to get seated properly.  Walking is dangerous. These are for show, at best. But only if you want to who a caved-in heel beneath too-loose harness.
1,These glasses work okay but don't actually do a good job of reducing glare.
1,nice color, nice fabric. I normally wear a medium so I ordered an extra-large to be safe. Can't even button it.  this item needs to be labeled for girls, not women/missy. I plan to wear it over a tank top as a layer. could never wear it alone.
1,Didn't like the look and returned them.
1,lasted a month
1,This thing is huge. While it has the curve to fit the pocket, it's larger by about an inch than the wallet from my back pocket.
1,I bought these because my son is growing so quickly that I didn't want to spend a lot of money for something he'll only be able to wear for a month or two. I bought 3-6 month size. I understand that these are a three pack for just over $10. But, they are just not good. One of them has a misshapen button that will not stay closed and has sharp edges that could possibly cut my son's stomach as he is a tummy sleeper. So, there's one that is completely unwearable. In the three pack, only two were 3-6 months and the third is 6-9. So, I have one that he can wear right now and one that is sitting in his drawer until he's in the next size. I will go ahead and pay the few extra dollars for Gerber. At least they are made well.
1,I had them one year, almost to the day when a strap in the right shoe came loose from the sole. I was very disappointed as I bought these specifically because they were 'waterproof'. We camp a lot and hike, canoe and wade through water.  I even wore them in the public showers.
1,my husband loved these until he had to wash them and they shrunk so much that he cant even wear them anymore
1,I couldn't even get it on over my instep.  It is narrow.
1,Looks nothing like this. Don't waste your money.
1,Not good..very disappointed
1,I don't see the big deal about these. They are loose around the foot and are really expensive. They are flip flops. You can get comparable ones that actually hold your foot from the pharmacy store.
1,NICE-HAD TO RETURN-SIZE!!
1,I will have to return this one.  Way too large.
1,These are more like capri's instead of pants.
1,Broke too fast. Refuse to buy again
1,VERY loose fitting!!! Absolutely no shape to it at all.
1,The material looks cheap, and the fur starts coming out in chunks within a few weeks of use. The stitches on the gloves opened up too after a few weeks of constant use.
1,what I was looking for, alas too small
1,I couldn't wear them because they were to small. Needed an 1/2 size larger.
1,Cool but color it's yellow :( I thought olive was like the picture.. GREEN OLIVE.. Not yellow :(
1,Didn't like the look of these at all and they were not very comfortable.  I was looking for a nice white sneaker to wear as I was touring around this summer but these didn't fit the bill.  Made my feet look super long and skinny.
1,This came in the size 5X I wear a XXL. The 5X in the dress did fit but it was loose in the wrong spots and tight in spots that it shouldn't have been. I ended up returning this dress.
1,Waist was too high, sleeves were too short, shoulders were way too big. Not what I expected from Carhartt. Had to return it.
1,I said too large  because the only way I can write a review. I have no idea what this is !	  I received a ponytail and I love it!
1,Size doesn't fit at all. Get one size bigger. Why are they saying it's size 40W when it's not size 40W! Can't even button!
1,they came with glue all over them so i had to return them
1,Really like these. First time I've bought Tamarac. Ill buy them again
1,This doesn't deserve a star. I don't know how ANYONE could wear this. HUMUNGOUS CROTCH AND SKINNY SHINS. totally funky. These are good quality denim and the idea is good. I'm so disappointed. What a waste. Whoever made these NEVER actually put them on a human too see the results.
1,to small
1,it faded within 2 months
1,This shirt is not what I expected. I usually wear medium but this shirt fits skin tight on me. Will not purchase again
1,Apparently a 34 long is now a 37.25 long.  I've always worn 34 inch long pants.  I went to the tailor today.  He is removing 3.25 inches of length from the pants.  The pants fits nice around the hips and legs, but are way too long.  If the length was correct, I would have given five stars.  Because I have to spend extra money to have the pants hemmed, I'm giving the pants two stars.  Buyers beware!
1,The color is very strong and the quality of the fabric is not good quality
1,Going larger just means a longer shirt. It's still tight. I'm 5' 2"  119 lbs...the large was tight and long...my shells ended up where my grandma's go :(
1,Quality is poor.
1,I ordered it in a men's size 7 and it was too small and the cloth material on top of my feet was itchy and snug.  The width was not wide enough either for a men's shoe. Usually size 7 men's shoes fit right but this one didn't.
1,Not what I expected! Super pointy and cuvd up on the point . I was really disappointed I sent them back .
1,The sizing on the shoe was strange at the bottom the top strap was really wide, I exchanged for1/2 size smaller thinking would resolve unfortunately did not even the though shoes fit better the leather was very nice The shoe in general runs large
1,Levi's jeans fit and wear well...If you can ever find the right size.		Levi's sizing quality control is extremely POOR. I've had problems every time I've purchased them online or in a store. The size chart on Amazon doesn't include Husky sizes, so I went to the Levi's website. Their size chart shows Boys Husky size 16 = waist 34, inseam 28. The label on the jeans received for the Husky size 16 shows - waist 32, inseam 28. Not many people can or want to suck it in two inches, so the purchase is going back. Bummer, I hate returning purchases!		I used to purchase them at local department stores & there were always sizing problems. I started bringing a tape measure on every trip. I tried to purchase them online on another popular website and had to return 2 pair. Those were too big, although the label indicated the right size. I don't know what's up with Levi's, but I believe it is because they have so many factories in so many different countries, that no one cares if the sizes and labels are correct.
1,poor quality
1,Total garbage	A fashion watch if there ever was one.	This was for my little brother who saved his money. it got a little wet and then it was toast
1,Too large. I will need to swap it for a smaller size
1,I hated these beyond belief. They are huge throughout the thighs and calves. I'm so glad this cut of pants does not exist in the mainstream anymore.
1,These shoes are not comfortable, I walked around the grocery store, I had to come home and take them off, if you are going to be doing any walking don't wear these shoes
1,These are cute, have a great design, but they are so thin, they hardly show up.  I would love to have a pair like these with more substance.
1,They are cute, but the toe is very narrow, and the sole beneath your toes is too long so the appear to be too large for your feet.
1,The suit appeared well made however the top part was way to large and with a plunging neckline without any support.
1,Not cotton feel Very plasticky. Ended up using them for a craft project.
1,Bought size Large/ XL but there is no way! Maybe Asian or child sizes.
1,Beautiful but broke the second time I wore it	Could not be repaired	Pretty statement but unusable
1,I loved the IDEA of a snitch antenna ball.  This is not an Antenna ball ... no pre-drilled hole, made of hard plastic, not molded material for antenna.  Wings flew off on 1st trip around the block :(
1,Smelled really awful.  Short belt, check sizes!
1,This bra is comfortable and soft. However, two things make this bra insensible for a pregnant woman.		1) the bra ran small.	2) the bra isn't lined.		Maybe it's just me but I'm pregnant, they're huge and the headlights are ALWAYS turned on. This is only going to get worse as I enter into breast feeding, which makes this bra completely unwearable in public. I'm even hot all the time, living in sunny CA and this is still an issue.
1,I am 5'3.5" . I wear a woman's  8/10 and medium.  I am full figured.  I ordered the L/XL This did not look well on me. If I had a smaller bosom it might fall better but the corset style is not flattering for me ( I should have known better - wear a 36. DD).  And because I am not really tall this big skirted dress made me look really dumpy.  I think on a tall woman with average chest size, or very slender small women this dress will look much better in this style.
1,Fabric very flimsy and was just not what I expected. Tried it on once and doubt I will ever wear.
1,I was really looking forward to velcro shoes.	I feel like a sucker every time I'm bent over tying my lace-up shoes day-in and day-out.		Unfortunately I'm only 27 years young.		And unfortunately it seems my generation finds all existing velcro shoes hideous.	(my wife said I needed to incorporate that strong word into the review)		This shoe is no exception.		Being a guy who could care less about shoes, I was surprised to discover that I too thought they wouldn't work. The day I received 'em my buddy came over and asked "What's with the Frankenstein shoes?". I was slightly heart-broken that my search for decent-looking, comfortable, velcro shoes continues...
1,Too small.
1,These are terrific looking shoes. Too bad they hurt my feet so much. I purchased these shoes for a wedding, and man do I regret it. They're very pointy and one of the shoes kept slipping off of my heel, as though it were a size bigger than the other one. I wear a 8 and that's what I ordered. The front of the shoe was too narrow and the back too big. For such a low heel, these are the most uncomfortably shoes I've ever worn. Buyer beware.
1,The back half of these shoes slid around when I tried to walk in them.  I felt very insecure ... So returned them.
1,Need  size one bigger
1,Very small order 2 sizes up
1,Too small and poorly constructed.
1,Poor quality. Lost its shiny finish almost immediately
1,Awful sewing, lots of stray threads at the neckline. The material feels ok and has some weight, might be 100% cotton but I'm not really sure. Took maybe a month or so to arrive. I'd say not worth the money, even at $13.99.
1,I would have given this 2.5 stars but I wasn't sure how to. I was disappointed with the quality it definitely isn't "gift" worthy in my opinion. The quality seemed thin and tinny. I didn't bother to send it back; there was inclement weather and it wasn't worth the trouble.
1,These glasses are a bit weird. The bridge of the glasses that rests on the nose is very narrow, so they sit farther out on your face than normal glasses. The lenses also cause a strange, green refraction at night time. I bought them for cycling at night, but they don't really get the job done. They'd work fine for a costume, etc. but they do look/feel a bit strange.
1,Ok for a Halloween costume but they were rather large and slipped around on my feet.
1,The holes in the arm pit were about 2 inches too big, so I had to send back.  Cute top, just wish it would have fit better
1,I was very  disappointed with this chain, when i opened the package the chain was very shiny and the perfect length BUT the jump ring was not properly soldered to the chain and it was ready to break right off!!!!!!
1,As others wrote i received the pink shoes and they looked worn and had black marks on them.  i am returning them.  other than that they looked as described and fit correctly.
1,This fit in what would be considered a "crop top". I have an extremely long  torso so whenever I purchased crop tops they are usually shorter on me than the average person. I am 5'6" and weigh between 110-115 depending if it's THAT week of the month; also I'm a 34B/34C (if padded).		Anyways, it did get here very quick which I appreciated but since I have been a member of Amazon Prime never returned anything. The items I buy that are expensive and have at least 4.5/5 rating are 99% of the time worth keeping. I ordered a SMALL in this shirt too.		Oh well, all the clothes that I order that turn out to be not what I expected I just donate to one of my friends.		I viewed the pictures of everyone who received this crop top the way it was supposed to fit and looks amazing on you girls. I guess this is a hit or miss buy. By the way, the small I ordered was in the color black.
1,Cute but even on my small 5ft 3 frame the swimsuit was short. Did not come up high enough to cover my chest properly.
1,I ordered this wallet and got a brown leather with no chain
1,this may be the ugliest thing I've ever tried on. the cups were bullet shaped so they were hideous and they were very tall, but not wide enough. it was itchy and uncomfortable. I tried four different sizes and every single one was wrong so i'm just convinced these are made for non-existent sized boobs.
1,One of the eyelets came apart after a week, I returned these for a refund. Poor quality.
1,These were returned because they are shorter than New Balance running/trail shoe of the same size.
1,Pretty design my 4yo daughter loved it.	2 stars because opening the umbrella is as violent as shooting a gun.	Not child appropriate.
1,to large for a small,
1,Solitaires do not vibrate or "shimmer" as you would expect. Pretty, but disappointing.
1,i BOUGHT IT FOR THE ALARM BUT IT'S TOO FAINT TO HEAR.  PLUS IN THE BOOKLET IT STATES THAT THE BATTERY IS A "FACTORY TEST BATTERY" THAT WILL NOT LAST AS LONG AS A REGULAR BATTERY, AND REPLACEMENT BATTERIES ARE NOT INCLUDED IN THE WARRANTY AND SHOULD BE REPLACED BY THE SELLER.  It's not worth sending back but I wouldn't buy it again.
1,Purchased no long time ago as a gift and today i received a photo from my girlfriend telling me that the watch stopped working and when she tryed to take it out, the watch falls appart. I don't know if it esa a mechanical problem ora battery problem.	Right now i just need to waste more money fixing the bracelet itself and viewing what's the problem. Thanks yo the seller for this piece..
1,These look very cheap. They are shinner than the picture reflects.
1,But... too weak. Most of the straps were broken from the bottom.
1,I ordered this bra after reading the positive reviews it had received.  I am a 34G and I was hopeful that there would be some support provided in a bra that wasn't made for the aesthetics of a 90 year old grandmother.  Though this bra was definitely cute it was flimsy, felt cheaply made, was too small in the cup (though the band was appropriately sized) and definitely useless as a functional bra for anyone in a cup larger than a C.  This was a waste of my time and I am returning it immediately.
1,Im a size 8 and the 8 gave me a blister... too small. Id suggest going up a half size
1,This IS A KNOCKOFF!  It should not be sold and Amazon should contact authorities!
1,These are just not for me! The fabric doesn't stretch so if u want a pancake butt then these are for u! The fit is very weird too! I got them on but i couldn't button them and in Levi's jeans I've always been a size 29 to 30 but these didn't work! I haven't gained or lost much and my other pair of Levi's are a 29 and fit me fine ( I ordered a 30/11) so I suggest ordering up a size! The only good thing about these were the color and wash (hence the two stars)!!! Very nice!! I'm unfortunately returning them because they're not what I'm looking for!!! Future consumers......good luck with these!!!
1,Not in women's sizes. I ordered a size down and I'm still swimming in them. They're going back.
1,maybe a summer / warm weather sweater.
1,It arrived and it was HUGE - not at all like was described.  My daughter wore it for one day and it broke right off her neck.  Extremely poor quality, heavy, big and unattractive.  I would not recommend this product.
1,Loved the style of this shoe, but not happy with the fit. I had to return the shoes because they were not wide enough. They do not make them in a wide width!
1,Absolutely adorable. Loved the pockets and space. Zipper broke off during first use.
1,They fit as expected  but I am returning  these as they look as if they have been beaten up dirty marks  and scratches  every  where
1,I ordered the Panda design for my boy. Cute unisex design. I love bibs with the catch-all feature.  I also am sucker for Skip-Hop stuff. However, this bib was a disappointment. The fabric is too floppy for the catch-all pocket to actually catch anything.  I look for a bib that can be machine washed, however the cute design started to peek away from the fabric after 4-5 washes. It's still fictional but not cute anymore.
1,I guess if you have really big feet and are tall  these would be great, but just weren't for my sweetie. But they are good looking socks, I wish they were smaller.
1,Shoulder straps are to short and bag is not as big as I expected and not tall enougn
1,These used to be a wonderful sandal that I have worn for years.  They are now cheaply made & of poor quality.  Why would Clark's  do this?  So disappointed!
1,I am on the shorter side. The leggings went up to my underwear..I think they are super long.
1,I like the bracelet but it came broken
1,My son was very excited when he received these shoes.  Unfortunately, even though 2.5s are big on him in Stride Rites and 2.5 Sketchers fit perfect, these did not.  They fit length wise, but are very narrow in the the instep area.  I think they make them tight because the velcro is elastic, but he did not find them comfortable.  They are being sent back and we are going back to Sketchers.
1,A cheap mess!!! I understand with a big stone it might not stay up right. The reason for this ring is so much sterling at the basket.	The stone was pretty!!!	Going to the pawn store!!!!!!
1,I am 5'10 155 pounds and the hoodie fit slightly small. Not only was it a bit snug, there were loose strings located throughout this hoodie. However, I only paid 8 bucks so I guess this was somewhat expected.
1,I'm 5'4 and 114 pounds.  Based on previous reviews and the size chart, I ordered a large (which I find absurd).  It actually fit well around the torso but was too long and would have been needed to be taken up at the shoulders rather than hemmed.  Returned it promptly.  (Amazon did an excellent handling the return, btw.)
1,my feet aren't wide but these are still too narrow. sorry.
1,Husband did not like these. Said they were small and constricting.
1,Have a different shape than pictured. I liked the photo but not the boots in person. Not very comfortable either
1,Off color
1,to photo is not high resolution enough for you to tell, but necklace is very low quality metal, and a single unmoving piece, like a stamp. it also turned my girlfriends neck green within a few hours of wearing it.
1,Too small so I had to return them.  Made for petite women. The seller was nice and accepted my return.
1,I bought my size and it was too small so I returned it and got the next size up.  I had no issues with that because they do free returns. Once I got the larger size I noticed when I put them on that the stitching was very irritating. I returned those and decided I was done with this style from Reef. I do like the products however I don't like this one.
1,Almost feels like you are being crushed. Horrible product. Felt like I was being crushed from the sides . Threw them out.
1,They feel very nice and look amazing. But after 6 months of use, the fur is falling out. One of the slippers looks like it has the mange. Only worn inside my home.
1,cute for little girls, not for a grown woman
1,These bangle bracelets didn't have a size on them, so I assumed they would fit an average adult.  WRONG.  I couldn't even get them over my hands.  I had to just toss them.
1,The toe is too tight for a B width.  The heel is a little loose. It doesn't fit like other shoes by Easy Street. Very uncomfortable. Would not recommend.
1,Bought these panties for gift and had to return.  They were somewhat smaller than the size normally worn.
1,Cute shoes, way too tight. I love Seychelles, but these were a big miss. Such a shame. I also love wedges for their comfort, and these are definitely not comfortable.
1,To big
1,Horrible product . Don't lose you  money . Cheap material cheap sticker . They not tell u is a FAKE COPY.
1,The shawl/scarf does not look like the picture. It was a bit faded and had lot of fuzz on it. Even after running a fabric shaver over it I had white fuzz on the dark top and black pants I was wearing with the shawl. It is very warm so I am keeping it for cold days at home. Would not recommend for parties or special occasions.
1,Whoever made this cannot read a tape measure	I wear a 30 6D This one says that it is but it seems more like about a 30 2C to me its way too small and miss measured I don't see how they can get away with selling something this crappy it does not fit like it should at all ridiculous
1,Not sure if the type of t-shirt was changed after reading the other reviews on how soft this was.  The shirt was not soft at all.  Very rough and scratchy.  I am returning it.  The sizing seemed OK, running slightly large.  Would not recommend.
1,These have no support what-so-ever but I guess you get what you pay for!!! I wore one of these for an hour and my girls kept slipping under the wire. Not very fun at all. I had to go and change.
1,Too tight in the lower leg section
1,These sandals were too big, and my child was never able to wear them. His foot would slip out while he was walking. I didn't want him to fall and hurt himself, so I bought different sandals.
1,I have other 559 levis. The fit on this pair was not the same as the other 559's that I have. the legs were baggier, they were very short in the stride. Not a very good fit at all. i guess that is why these were cheaper than all the other ones. I would not buy another pair of these, not happy with these at all !!
1,They are very tight around the ankle and require alteration in order to wear them. I had to cut threads that were causing the sock to fit uncomfortably,  I do wear however, they are not my favorite socks while they are cute I would never recommend them to a friend.
1,way too small
1,This shirt as far as sizing goes, was perfect. HOWEVER. I ordered the royal blue one... it is NOT royal blue, it's almost black. :(	Cannot wear with the outfit I anticipated...color on pictures is way off... Sizing is appropriate, however.
1,Nice looking shirt but did not fit. I have bought other Van Heusen shirts and they fit perfectly, do not know why this was small.
1,These look good--I ordered one size up based on other reviews, and that was a good call. They fit really well. Has a higher rise that doesn't gap when I sit.		But I really cannot stand the fabric. It is very stiff polyester, and I find it really uncomfortable. It makes a swishing noise when I walk, and feels like wearing plastic--I didn't wear them long enough to test it out breathability, but can't imagine these breathe very well. I think it's worth it to pay a little more for something with some cotton.
1,I really like the idea of these organizers. I had one years ago (one called 'Purse Perfector' - the company seems to be gone), but that one got old, so I was looking for a replacement. I ordered these in all the different sizes: small, medium and large. Seemed like the medium one would be the most versatile. I can't complain, I guess, because these are so cheap, but even then, construction is very cheap. For one of them I had the hardest time just opening and closing the zipper on the zippered pocket. I thought maybe if I keep at it a few times it might get better, but no. Another one came with a zipper pull already gone. When I'm on the go, fussing with uncooperative zippers is the last thing I'd want to do, and I thought that would drive me nuts, so I won't keep them. On the positive side, it's nice that there are snaps on the sides and you can either use them flat or expanded. For that they get 2 stars.
1,Pretty bra, fits well, but the plastic clip in front is secured with fabric whose ends are melted together to keep them from unraveling. I got a bad "rub mark" on my sternum from the hard plastic ends of the fabric and can't wear the  otherwise well fitting bra. It's terribly uncomfortable because of that particular "feature.".
1,Very poor construction and oddly sized. These are beyond flimsy and don't last. They lack manufacturing quality control, the pair I received were measurably different.
1,The sandals were as lovely as I expected them and remembered them to be from my childhood.  Unfortunately, the sizing is terribly off.  I followed the sizing guidelines and was grossly disappointed when the sandals arrived and appeared to be, at least, 2 sizes too small.  The shoes were labeled the size I ordered so I don't think it was a mistake there.  The size was so off, I wasn't comfortable trying to order another pair in a different size.  I wouldn't know what size to order.  If you are comfortable with the sizing of this brand, then these shoes will not disappoint.  If you think you can just order your normal size, you will be disappointed.  I would say these were two full sizes too small and I ordinarily wear a women's size 9 easily.  I ordered a women's size 9.  If there were special instructions to sizing, I failed to see them.  I think I may contact customer service if I was considering ordering these.  On the plus size, they were as cute as I expected.  The red color was gorgeous.
1,They get loose as soon as you put them on and walk around in them. love the fabric nice and smooth
1,Super disappointed in these! Long time Clarks fan, and these are the first ones to let me down. The way the heel is shaped it leaves awful blisters and rubs the skin completely off my heels. I tried for two months, wearing them an hour or two every day . . . no avail. They are miserable to wear. They are very cute on . . .but what's the point if you can't walk in them!  Due to the cut outs and the shape, any attempt to put heel pads in these doesn't work out. Sigh . ..  oh well.
1,Returned. Not a good quality pearl for the price.
1,Arrived completely broken.  Not easy to package for return, but it went back for a refund.
1,Way too wide. Ordered this brand in the past, but now sizing too big.
1,Way too Big!! I usually wear a medium and thought maybe I may need a size up,but the Large felt like an X-large!
1,I honestly have no idea how this has good reviews. It is the cheapest breclet I have EVER had. I feel like it's made of cheap plastic. My 4 year old niece has stronger feeling braclets then this. And I paid 30 something dollars. What a joke. It's already bent and I've worn for only two days (not once at night) the inscription also isn't black it's just kinda engraved in the cheap feeling bracket. I would NOT recommend ever.
1,one fort was to small
1,The belt had been cut twice when it arrived.
1,junk
1,The sleeves on this blazer (esp. at the wrist end) were too tight to wear anything else but another tight-fitting top.  Rolled-up sleeves on a cotton blouse were even too bulky.  I re-ordered a size larger than I've ever worn and the problem was still there.  So, returned both sizes.
1,.99cent hat. Has holes where plastic shows through. Thrift shop would be better or find in trash. Do not recommend unless bum costume.
1,Turned black
1,These boots are awful! In fact the only thing good about them is the tread...I posted an earlier review and am now adding to it as with daily wear the seams are all tearing, having to wear bread bags on my feet in order to wear them without the elements coming in direct contact...Amazon has this policy now after 30 days you should contact the product's producer...these are a huge disappointment!
1,Way too much puckering, very unattractive. I am returning them.
1,This was super cheap $ and guess what? It's super cheap looking. It is what it is: it's okay. Cute but close up, chintzy.  If I had paid a lot I would be ticked but I didn't so oh well, right?  Sort of like my kids' dress up jewelry from the preschool stage.
1,needs  black metal band option..!!! casio - please make more of this style with different faces, an analog version -- and METAL band!!!!  thank you.
1,Disgusting  It looks like used Tule with one of those hawain lue from the dollar store broken apart and sewn into the bottom.  Nothing like the picture we use it as a sleep dress to embaressed to bring my granddaughter in public  If I could retun I would.  Watch where you order from people.  1st product that ordered from Amazon that was so disapointing
1,Expected a little more from Fruit of the loom. They fit well and have nice colors (not exact ones as shown in pic though) but they piled quickly. I've never seen boxers of this fabric pile and after maybe 3 wears, they were piled on the entire short. Wouldn't buy this specific product again.
1,Not very good quality. It's small on the height and large on the width.
1,cheap material
1,Very thick and warm..really great quality but size is so wrong. I bought a 7-10 for my 9 year old..she couldn't even get them up past her thighs and she is very slim. Because I liked the quality I figured I'd try on my 4 year old. They fit her waist (came up high but she doesn't mind) but of course had the length for a 7-10 year old so they are all crunched up at the bottom. These would be great if the sizing was anywhere near how it should be.
1,Cheap looking
1,the band is nice and snug for a 32, but the cups are way different style then they used to be, now they are tall and oddly pointy. horrible. i miss the old style.
1,Orders a 7 M received a 5M
1,If you're expecting to replace your big brand polarized sunglasses, on the cheap, you are going to be disappointed.	The lens is plastic which makes the glasses light but difficult to see through. If seeing is not important then this is not an issue. On the plus side each pair comes with a microfiber case	which I now use for my other glasses.
1,I ordered these because they looked cute and I like the colors. The pendants do look like the pictures, with some color differences. However, the chains that come with these are horrible and turn your neck green in just an hour or so! Completely worthless. Not to mention, that the rose gold wire on the chain and that makes up the 'tree' on the pendant are so bright and shiny that they look very clearly fake. Was not expecting this from the pictures and reviews. So now I'll have to go buy new chains for each of these and hope that the wiring on the pendants doesn't rub off too quickly. Should probably return but not even worth the hassle.
1,Runs very small!  Thin material.
1,I swear ECCO must have contracted this particular model to another shoe maker.  Certainly aren't as comfortable as my ECCO BIOM's... not even in the same league.  The leather is hard, the insole isn't really conforming to a person's feet, and the eyelets cut right through the laces after 3 rounds of golf.  If you are considering these, I would wait for the BIOM's to go on sale.  They just don't stand up to the comfort and styling that ECCO is known for.
1,Horrible! Nothing like the picture. This was a hot mess and non refundable.
1,Not as impressive as another pair purchased. These look cheap, like they were painted. One worn once and that was enough. Throw aways.
1,I love the look of this watch, however, it does not keep very good time.  Every day it loses about an hour, so you have to reset the time each time you wear it.  I would have returned this watch but I had thrown out the box that it came in, so I was unable to return it.  I had high hopes for this watch as I wanted several in different colors, but will never buy an Invicta watch again.
1,I wished they would have fit. It was not what I thought it would be. In fact they are still in their packaging in my closet. Wish I would have inquired on how to send them back!!
1,The S/Ml is to little and the M/L is to big
1,They immediately rolled down..... would not stay in place.  Measurements are correct.... just won't fit right.
1,This is not even close to plus size. This is a large. And i am stuck without tights  for tomorrow because of this for a cosplay.  This is horrible  advertising and not even close to the real size they say. I am only 5 foot 6 and it barely got to my hips! Tightness aside it should  do that at least	 Highly disappointed and annoyed
1,I have owned the Howser slipper for some time and recently purchased the Howser slide. After wearing both pair, I have found that the slipper is much more comfortable and supportive than the slide. The slide does not offer the support that the slipper does, I can wear the slipper all day without issue; after wearing the slide for a short time, my feet/ legs begin to hurt. The Howser slide style is cute and very convenient to slip on.
1,Was too gaudy.  Cut it down and improved its looks.
1,Much darker pink than in the picture, and they gave my little girl a blister after walking in them for only 15 minutes!
1,was defective sent back
1,UGGH! Remember the bras from the '50's that were stiff and clunky and made your breasts super pointy? Well, that is THIS bra! As soon as I pulled out out of  the  bag, I was worried. It was just too "constructed". I thought maybe I was overreacting so I wore it for an hour. That's all I could take! I felt like I was being choked alive around my chest! I could not wait to get this thing off! I wanted to take it out to where the rest of the feminists were burning their bras as a protest!
1,It's so very pretty but it won't stay on the head , no grip- too wide. I have purchased many tiaras for local agents and never had this problem before. I may try to add combs on the side but in reality I'll probably just get a different one.
1,Fits my wide calf great. I normally wear a 7.5 US shoe, so I got 8. This way I can put in arch support that I need in 90% of shoes I buy and also I can wear thicker socks while out working with my horses. The color is true to the picture provided and they're very comfortable. Other reviewers said they're big in the ankle but that doesn't bother me at all because it doesn't pinch me when I flex my ankle.		3/22/2017 Update: These boots only lasted 6 months (so worn maybe 12 times total) before they split at the back seam. Not too happy given that they were a bit pricey to begin with. Would not buy again.
1,Bizarre. It was like a witch's costume. It was just weird and ill-fitting  - I'm 5'9" 145 lbs. The sleeve ends were loose, unflattering length (too long below the knees), and the waste was loose, with the pocket sitting way too high. I don't even know what body type this would fit. I thought ... maybe I can keep it to wear around the house but no ... even just sitting around by myself I don't want to be that unattractive looking.
1,This large more like extra large so will have to send it back..:(
1,There's a few things not mentioned in the description or shown in the pictures that you should know before ordering as these may not be the capris you're looking for. First, these white capris are destroyed (intentional holes/snags all over, especially around the front and back pockets) and whiskered (lines/creases that go from outside hip to zipper on both sides). These also have embellished stitched back pockets that droop at the top. And I don't know if it's an intentional rouching effect on the pocket or if the pairs I received were sewn wrong so each back pocket had an area that was bunched up, either way that's pretty tacky. To add to the tackiness these capris are way over branded. There's a giant "leather" tag on the back above the pocket with "Suki" and some circle logo stamped across it. Then there's a large silver/glittery stud place through that tag and if that wasn't enough, there's another small black label on the front that has "silver" written across it in metallic thread that would be hard to hide. It may not bother some people but I found the combination of the destroyed, whiskered, and glittery branded tags to be overly juvenile and cheap looking.		Another thing to mention is that these are a bit see through. If you wear flesh colored undergarments you will be fine from a distance, but bending over or any other color underwear and there's a good chance you'll clearly see what you're wearing underneath. Just to give you an example, the pockets are white and you can see them clearly through the capris - it's one of the first things you notice when you put them on.		On to the fit...	If you are a straight or athletic build these are not going to work well for you. Right out of the package they look like mom jeans or 80's jeans with a high waist that curves out sharply with lots of room in the hips and butt. It's an unusual shape, especially in "junior" clothing and might be why people have problems with the fit. The tag says the style is "high waisted" and features a "well defined curve," both of which is accurate. Think of a c shape - that's what these pants look like. The waist size is fairly close to what I'd expect, maybe just a smidge small but not drastically so. I ordered the 24 and 25 to compare and there's not a ton of difference between the two in the waist. However, the legs and butt are pretty different between the two. I am not curvy and don't have ample assets in the back so the smaller size was the best fit, but because of the curvy style they were just way too loose in the legs, hip, and butt. If you have a tiny waist and a large booty with thicker legs, these may be great for you. Everyone else should avoid. The length is perfect. I'm 5'7" and the length was very flattering and nice for spring and summer. Unfortunately, these were just too tacky and ill fitting for my body type - they will be returned.
1,Returned it. It looks used and dirty. Very disappointed.
1,I usually don't take the time to write a review, but these things just pissed me off. This is a Reef brand flip-flop, so I figured can't go wrong, looks good, all black, just what I wanted. I've had them for about a year now, bought them for use around the yard and at the river, hopping in and out of boat. I have fallen 3 times because of these and their slippery foot surface. When they get wet the surface that your foot touches instantly becomes a slip and slide. If you try to shift your weight or pivot one way or another your foot slips off or out of the sandal and down you go. ALSO I left them in the sun to dry out and they curled up, literally into the shape of a U, and still haven't un-curled and it's been a week.	I would send a pic but don't believe it's possible.
1,I traded these in for a pair of 6's.  Another pair of unisex Crocs, W 5, M 7, fit fine, which is why I bought these.  (My regular shoe size, and allowing for wool socks, is about 8-1/2).
1,Fit smaller then expected
1,It's really saying something that this is the worst quality shirt I have ever bought. I mean it arrived with several jewels off of it and the ones that were still attached were barely hanging on! I then noticed a lump in the fabric. Like some unknown piece of crud somehow got caught in between during processing. I picked at said lump(barely) and a hole appeared! Just like that. The shirt could not be any worse. I would not have ordered it if I had read the reviews first, so I hope you do. I do not plan on ordering any One Step Up clothes ever again.
1,Absolutely HORRIBLE!!!!! Too small, too short, does not match description. Will stop ordering from overseas.
1,Not what it looks like on picture
1,too short, returned
1,Rather large at the ankle and calf. Heel was too small as well.
1,Shoes are different than a pair with the same style name I had three tears ago. They fit more loose, are made of stiff, cheaper plastic and are not as cushioned. I'm very disappointed.
1,cut into my skin of my foot, the material is not very good.  The 9 dollar water shoes I bought from walmart is more comfortable.
1,Broke within hours after my daughter put it on..  nothing happened to it, just fell off her neck.  Didn't expect much for the price but my daughter was very disappointed.
1,Terrible material, way too see through, did not like at all.
1,boot was much larger than I wear
1,all bras didn't fit the same, some were small and some big...the wire was uncomfortable.
1,Too small for size
1,s*** product
1,The chain is silver, the cross is NOT! While the design is beautiful, upon wearing, it became apparent that once the silver coating wore off, the cross was not silver. I own mostly silver jewellery and always look out for good pieces. This one is so Not silver. And it belongs to the Amazon Curated collection??		By the time i realised this was not silver it was too late to send in a complaint. Can Amazon revert?
1,TOO SHORT
1,Really liked them when I tried them on until I found a run in them that very evening. Was so disappointed.
1,I bought this cardigan in white to replace one that was lost.  For the price, I'm not terribly disappointed with what I received, however be forewarned of two things.	First, the material is rice paper thin and completely transparent.  This cardigan is not meant to keep you warm by any means, nor will it actually obstruct someone's view of your skin.  It's more for the illusion of coverage.	Second, the fit is quite odd and small.  Even though I bought a size up based on some of the other reviews I read here, the back of the cardigan still hits me in the middle of my back.  Also, the front hangs really low where the pockets are located and the sleeves are quite short for being long-sleeved.	Overall, it's not the worst clothing purchase I've made by any means.  I tend to wear it over a tank top and then tie the front together to help keep it sitting as best as possible on my body.  However, it wouldn't be a purchase I'd make again.
1,Looks good but the toe box is unfreaking believable I bought this and St. Elias both size 9 and they both were too tight for my toes. St. Elias was a little better than the Inhaler but it still was too tight. There is no way on Earth that I could walk around wearing the Inhaler II. Felt like it had good arch support though.
1,I found these to be very uncomfortable - they were too large and gave me a blister on my heel.
1,Too small, no larger sizes available. The material is not leather as stated in the description.
1,These are beautiful sneakers, no doubt. They LOOK great. But I've been buying and wearing Converse Chuck Taylor sneakers from Amazon for years, and they've always fit just fine. These are WAY too small -- not just a little, but a LOT.		I'm shipping them back. I think I have been persuaded not to buy shoes online again.
1,I've owned many pairs of thigh-highs over the years, and although they rank in the top 10 of amazing looking, they RIPPED UNDER AN HOUR OF WEAR!		I would not recommend these to anyone ever! I didn't even make it out of the house in these.		I have short manicured toes, so that wasn't the problem, and I took my time putting them on, but I couldn't even get my heels on before one ripped. I think it's the seam at the toe that is poorly constructed, which causes the problem of rips.		I'm really sorry it's an issue because they do look great, especially on short girls!
1,The legs were made of good fabric, and I thought that I would like them. As I was trying them on I realized I had ordered a size larger than I should have, but thought that I would be able to return them. As I was pulling them up my thumbs went right through the material on either side, just above the leg material. I was so suprised by this. I slipped them off and looked at them, I could not believe it, the leg material was thick and sturdy but the material for the hips and waist was like tissue. I believe the other reviewers received quality products and that the tights I received must have been old or used.
1,The size is much larger than anticipated.
1,I loved the colorful design but they did not like my other Asics. The toe area was too wide. Asics have always been a little on the narrow side which fit me perfectly.  I returned these.
1,I bought these boots and at first really liked them, however after a couple months of light wear (mostly city), the rubber sole began to separate from the rest of the boot at the toe.  Had no trouble returning them, but I wouldn't recommend them for someone who will use them a lot.
1,Awful quality. Fabric is too thin and stretchy and there is zero support in the front causing the zipper to show. The sizing felt right but they looked terrible on. I've donated both pairs that I bought.
1,Fit well. Material is pretty thin, you could see a white bra underneath. The straps ripped off after a short period of time and the little plastic strap length adjusters broke quickly too.
1,it is pale great color instead and a sport, round & thick shoelace. I needed something more slick and similar to leather shoelace for my cole haan desert shoes. will be returning these.
1,Smelled absolutely atrocious (like body odor) when I received.
1,Don't know if these are factory seconds, but they are to long.
1,Product was a big disappointment. Headband kept falling off and did not really help with keeping sweat from going into my eyes. Awful product, would not recommend.
1,Same problem with me as the rest I have ordered.  The earrings are too small for my lobe.  It takes a small lobe to wear these and is hard to get them in the hole.
1,The lettering was smaller than they show on the picture. The shirt was too small. I was disappointed because it was a gift for my boyfriend. When I requested for a refund I was told I needed to mail it make and they didn't include a return label.
1,defective stitch
1,Very tight on hand should be for kids not for women i gave it to my 10 years old daughter
1,Top was not flattering at all, got a large and have 36DDs. It squeezed me in, flattened me out... ugh.
1,The hat is sewn so the hat comes to a point.  Looks like an elf hat on your head.
1,Again, I am rather small and the large still was too small.  I am 5'3" and 132.  The material was a little scratchy.  Very cute dress though.
1,Supposed to be a 10.5 in men and is a 13 in women
1,Way too small. Could not use them
1,I wear size 14..but these were way too tight!
1,Received this product and it was WAY too small. Didn't have a chance to use. I gave it 2 stars because it seems to be made very well.
1,The headbands are pretty, but they are small. I haven't been able to wear one for more than a few hours without getting a headache.
1,My daughter does have wide feet but these were really narrow. Was very displeased when I found out I would have to pay shipping to return them. That should def be mentioned somewhere in the description.  Those of us that use amazon prime religiously expect free return shipping.  No they just sit in my house in the box.
1,These run way smaller than expected
1,It's much higher than other puma and robs my angle - runs small too
1,Yes, the fabric of these shirts is fun and colorful, HOWEVER!!!  The shirt appears to be sewn by someone with terrible eyesight and/or terrible sewing skills.  And OBVIOUSLY there was NO quality control either!  The collar doesn't lay flat, due to REALLY bad seams, the back of the shirt actually has a black, dirty spot on it (NOT part of the pattern), the front placket doesn't lay flat because of crooked stitching, there are extra random threads on the bottom of the shirt.  I returned this shirt, along with the other one in another color that I purchased, that was also a JOKE! The other shirt's button holes were really only little rips with stitching NEXT to the button hole, not AROUND the button hole. And the seams on THAT shirt were horrible too. Not not not happy.
1,Pros" Decent looks		Cons: The way these are designed, my foot pivots to the side when walking in them and the heel is prone to sliding away from the sandal.  I've read similar complaints in other reviews as well.		Recommendation:  Not recommended.
1,they were too tight. which is a bummer because i had another pair of similar merrell sandals that were not too tight. i do have wide-ish feet... but merrell is usually totally fine for that with wider toe space. oh well. we sold them because i didn't return in time. someone loved them, im sure. just not my wide-ish feet.
1,Fake Fake.
1,I've been buying 511s for years and my fit has not changed in that time. I bought a couple of new pairs and had to return them. They fitted absolutely nothing like they used to.	They are baggy and loser now. The crouch is also longer... give you a sagging look.		Awful.
1,The toebox is too small. The length and width of the rest of these shoes are perfect. This shoe just isn't made for my feet!
1,I have ordered shoes before and never have had a problem until now. I bought these for my 3 year old because i did not want to spend over $40 on a pair of shoes when i could possibly get two pairs for the same price. Well these are cheap because they are made cheap. After 1 use (a hour long park date) they are falling apart. I am very disappointed. I ordered my son some new balance sneakers for around the same price and are holding up well so i guess its a hit or miss with ordering shoes from amazon and i hate that this was a miss.
1,Junk
1,I thought I would try these and loved them when they came in....so i washed them and they SHRANK to a size that my 9 year old niece can wear at 80 pounds!  I purchased 2XL for this reason thinking I would only lose a little size....but NO WAY....shrank all the way down to child size!!
1,I'm 180, and 5'4. I ordered a large, and the material became loose throughout the day. Not form fitting.
1,Cheap and disappointing.
1,Have to return product
1,The quality of these shorts is not as it used to be.  Compared it to a couple pair from last season and there is no comparison. The fabric was much thinner and the hem on the bottom was less that half inch, compared to an inch and a half. Would not recommend.
1,Tip of the shoe started falling apart after 6 weeks.
1,The hooks are weird...its is impssible to get it too hook. I am 5'2, 120 lbs, size 3, 32D. I got the small and when I put it on everything was fine...however, the clasps on the front wouldnt catch. It was strangely made and I had to return it.
1,I was disappointed because it is a very nice looking body shape but it runs very small, I returned it and had no problem.
1,These sneaks look cheap and were too big, had to return them and did not re-order.  They are supposed to be unisex but they are more geared for men.  My granddaughter hated them and so did I, horrible but a good buy for men.
1,Product wasn't what was advertised. Extremely disappointed
1,I am so disappointed in these shoes.  Stride rite has produced a terrible quality sandal.  I have seen better quality at Wal-Mart than this!  The color and style are adorable, however, there were black marks on the toe of one shoe, black marks on the bottoms of both, fraying around the edges, ridiculously noticeable glue around all of the edges.  I may just pay little extra and go with another brand.  It is so difficult to find good wide sandals.  The fit as far as length is as expected, but the toes are quite narrow for a wide.  My daughters toes were squished at the end on the sides.  Stride rite needs much better quality control imo. . . .
1,This is my second pair. The first one was white, and I was very pleased with it. It was 98% cotton and 2% spandex, as described, and I gave it 5 stars. The second one (black color) had the same posted description, but when I received it, it didn't feel like the white ones (it was itching). When I looked, I saw why: 71% cotton, 27% polyester, and 2% spandex. Yet, the price was the same for both.	I don't like polyester on my body, and I don't like it when stores lie to us, especially when that store is amazon! These pants are pretty pricey to begin with.
1,Did not like how it fits. Did not like the fabric. Unfortunately had to return.
1,This boot has no support.  It is not well made.  Feels like walking on foam. I wore this boot twice and the heel is already coming apart.  Sorry I purchased it - money down the drain.  Surprised at Skechers - could not wear the boot in the snow.
1,Product arrived scuffed up on the toe area and it looks like the dye on the converse logo bled so it was promptly returned.
1,Although the design is nice, the earrings are way too heavy. They will rip your earholes open. You cannot wear these for even an hour. That should have been factored during the design process.
1,Too large
1,The worse thing I've ever order, with just water it washes off and start seen the metal pink color under it
1,Not a fan.  No padding at all.  Would like some coverage (in certain area) wearing a strapless bra in air conditioning.  Really did not want a star
1,Too small
1,Made of cheap vinyl looking material. The style is matronly. The fit was on the small side.  I returned them.
1,So ugly they did not even want it returned.
1,The quality is not good. but is valuable if you are looking for cheap goods and more quantity.
1,I would like to get the right size of what I paid for. I need an 8 and a half.
1,its too uncomfortable to use
1,I order the white opals and got yellow ones instead.  They are too big to be dainty and pretty.  The color is off, they are too big to look real, I agree with other reviewers that they look cheap and gaudy.  Too bad, I LOVE opals.
1,very cheap feeling, looking
1,I ordered a size larger than normal and they are still small
1,I retract my previous review.  After 3 months and 5 golf tournaments, ripping apart.  If I was wearing them everyday 8 hours a day, I would understand.  But these get worn on the weekends, if that.
1,They didn't fit at all.  Maybe these are made for females only, but for the average sized male these are way too small, the lenses big (good) but they are very close together, the temples are way too short to go around the ears and the colored lense flops around without and notice.		I tried them for a few days and gave up. I gave them away to Goodwill, they didn't even fit my son.
1,Sent them back.
1,I am 5'5 and this pant length is short(right at my ankle). I would like it more if the pant is longer just like the picture. I usually buy a large and the medium fit. The fabric is thin and see through, great for the summer and fall.
1,Sent back
1,People love this brand but I returned them for something more comfortable. I won't buy this brand again. They do seem to be well constructed though.
1,I will be returning these. Although marked the correct size, they are much tighter in every aspect compared to my previous pair.
1,usually shoes are as snug. feels like a narrow 6 . not a medium width 6.
1,I like the fit for my wide feet but I ordered 3 pairs of crocs, 2 have loose straps, 1 fits me fine and one of these I wore for a day and the strap broke and not able to repair.  What a waste of money .  I normally wear a wide size 10 or 11 in slippers but with these crocs, size 10 is good enough, they run wide and the fit is comfy.  Not much of a lift but fits well and I don't get blisters, now that is a really good thing considering I've got real sensitive skin that rubs off and blisters easily
1,Really bad watch box		Pros:	 - It holds 20 watches		Cons:	 - The materials used on this watch box are CHEAP	 - When opening the top you can see the glue coming off the back part	 - The Watch pillows are CHEAP		Really Bad watch box cheaply made not worth it specially if you have watches above $300 and up i want it to try and see if this worked and it did not even for just cheap watches.	Spend more money and get a better watch box.
1,I purchased them for my mom.  She tried on one of them (they were identical)  and they did not fit her.  I will be looking to see how to return one or both for her
1,The ring is nice, but the rings since there are two of them tend to pinch my skin and trust me it hurts!
1,Way too small on my 36E chest. :(
1,the buttons fell off and the material is cheap....
1,way to small
1,Sleeves were 2-3inches short for a medium, and the rest of the jacket was very "lumpy" didn't look like even medium quality.  avoid unless you have really short arms
1,I washed this shirt in cold water and dried it on low, yet it shrunk about a size and a half in the neck.  I bought 4 of these shirts now I 4 very expensive rags, that I can put cuff links on.
1,The shoe style is great but the straps are far too large.
1,Straps are not made long enough therefore the bra makes your breast look like cones
1,Waaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyy too small!
1,I'm updating my review. I wore these shoes maybe 3 or 4 times and I just picked them up yesterday to wear them and the glue between the platform and the foot casing wore off or something... it's absurd. They look cute but they will not last... 3 or 4 times. That's it. I picked up the shoe and it completely FELL APART. WTF. 4/29/16		Original Review:	The picture doesn't look the same as the shoes. The shoes look good in the photos but in real life they are just bloody beautiful. Like a Nutella sandwich from Hugh Jackman good.		They are tight but the leather is already stretching so just know they need to be broken in. I wore them for 8 hours today, standing a lot and going up and down stairs and flirting with men that are off-limits but I'm seeing them anyway...
1,They were so cute	I gave as gift ,  both of them broke 1st day worn. What a disappointment
1,Too big
1,Very Strong Smell	The bag is made of a very cheap material and smells very strong similar to paint, I would never pack anything for a child or anybody in a bag like this.  I can't imagine packing a child with a healthy snack and put it in this bag that smells toxic, it's terrible.
1,Nice looking shoes, however they didn't meet my expectations regarding comfort and stability during my long runs. They are also a little heavy. Since I put them on, they didn't feel okay but I went out and run 7 miles the first time, 10 the second on the street and by the third time (more 10 miles) I started to think they were not for my feet. I have high arch.  Too bad, they were one of my choices for my upcoming marathon.
1,I bought 2 pairs of the same pants in different colors. This pair is gigantic for some reason. They're so high waisted, they give a nice mom butt look. The other pair is smaller but also high waisted. I'm glad I can use them for work, where they'll just get ruined n dirty.
1,Broke within a day. Don't waste your money.
1,Cute but calf too tight
1,Love the design and material, but runs extremely large.
1,The boots arrived and were lovely.  However, they were too big for my husband, so I returned them approximately three weeks ago.  I have sent the company several messages through Amazon inquiring about when my credit card will be refunded.  However, I have yet to receive a response even though the company boasts a 48-hour policy of getting back to customers.  Lucky for me I have the receipt and can place a dispute on this charge.  Order from this company at your own peril and make sure you keep all copies of receipts.
1,The straps are about an inch wide, much bigger and not as classy looking in the picture. The material is uncomfortable so plan on wearing it above clothing.
1,This product never came. I ordered it 2 months ago. The company asked me to wait a week more when I told them it had never arrived.  This was for my daughters big party so I had to find a dress last minute. This has never happened to me on Amazon before.
1,These runs way large. Comfortable but way big.
1,My shoes EAT these socks.  I've worn one pair one time....I've donated them to Goodwill.
1,The metal tongue is not long enough and doesn't hold watch band, comes loose and watch can fall off. DON'T PURCHASE.
1,The garment doesn't fit like normal sizing.
1,I received these boots Dec. 8th 2014 wearing them since the 9th, I find it unbelievable for the soles to have broken apart. I would never recommend Georgia Boots to anyone as they simply do not last
1,I thought it was the slip to another dress I bought. YIKES!
1,Not waterproof. The seams went to hell pretty fast, so I'm thinking of doing an overhaul of the thing since the rest of it is still intact. The shape of it is nice, but the waterproofing and the pockets are crap. The mesh pockets immediately were ripped apart by my keys. I'm planning on using what's left as the start for a newer and better jacket.
1,Beautiful Color! The material sheds like a cat. I didn't even have to wash it for it to shed. The fit was expected. I'm 5"11and I got a XL. It was kind of short, but it fit my body just fine. Just look for something else.
1,I ordered this for myself to be a little more comfortable during labor. I ended up having a very long and difficult labor and delivery but didn't even bring this to the hospital because it was smaller than I expected and confusing to use. I returned it before I went to the hospital:(  I was so hoping this would be a comfy addition to my hospital bag.
1,Poor quality
1,I wouldn't give this even one star but I don't want other people to buy this shirt!!! It's not at all like the picture!!!! I will NEVER order from this company again!!!! Buyer beware!!
1,it's cute, but not what i expected. in the picture it looks really detailed, like a real Glock. when you get it, it's a cheap piece of plastic on a tiny thin chain that looks like it will break if you blow on it. it does not have the detail that the picture shows. i'm a huge Glock fan, that's the only reason i even got the thing.
1,material was not what I expected it to be
1,Not true to size AT ALL according to then i should be in a 3X!!!!
1,I purchaseda Lee jeans a couple of mths ago and it fitted right but this one is too small
1,the shirt was a bit smaller then the same shirt but different colors that i got.
1,Nice fabric & color, thus the 2 stars. I should have listened to the other reviewers though, shorts are way too short (not if you're Daisy Duke) & run small. They are going to be returned.  What a bummer because finding shorts in this color brown is nearly impossible. I'll keep looking.
1,Ordered the size all my pants are now, and all my pants now are loose (the way I like them).  These pants, I couldn't even get them close to buttoning up or zipping up.  The quality of the jeans seem great, but the sizing is just way off.
1,Too small
1,to large for a small,
1,this was just ok.  It appears bigger in the picture.  I really looks like it would be a better fit for a woman.
1,Beautiful dress but the x large was too small for me. The top of the dress clearly runs smaller than I expected. Having big breast and a big butt is a problem if you want to fit into this dress.
1,UPDATE:	CHAIN BROKE WITHIN NOT EVEN THREE HOURS OF WEARING!		HITOP Jewelry Mens Womens Leather Bracelet, Anchor Love Will Charm Bangle, Brown	Item Type: Bracelet	Size: Adjustable	Design: Anchor	Material: Alloy + PU Leather + Beads	Style: Punk, Fashion, Retro	Package included:	1 x Bracelet		Note: Due to the difference between different monitors, the picture may not reflect the actual color of the item. We guarantee the style is the same as shown in the pictures.		This is such a cute little bracelet. Especially for the price. The bracelet delivered was identical to the picture shown in the ad. The bracelet has six straps, each a brown leather. And there are 4 rustic gold charms. One charm is and anchor charm, one charm is love written in cursive, one charm is the infinity symbol and the last charm is band with etching in it. The etching says where there's a will there's a way. The straps that have a charm are single straps. And there are two braided straps. Making a total of six straps.		The quality is OK. The charms are very durable and will not break or a chip or damage very easily. They are of solid construction. The leather straps are not of super high-quality but for the price it is more than what I expected. The quality is OK. I feel like if it was really pulled or was tugged on something super hard it would break. However I wear all the time and I have a pretty busy life with two children and it hasn't damaged at all.		I feel the quality of clasp is the same. I think it is of good quality. Not great quality. It works just fine when connecting to the chain. I've worn it quite a lot and there hasn't been any problems. It hasn't gotten stuck or broken. I just feel it is not super sturdy and if it gets hit hard it will break. The material feels a little thin. However this is just a feeling and I have worn it quite a lot in there hasn't been any problems so I could be totally wrong		The chain is very long so the bracelet could fit pretty much any wrist size. I had the longest point in the chain it can't slip on and off without touching my skin. This bracelet can fit any size wrist or ankle.		Overall I really like this bracelet and I think it is an excellent quality for the price. I was very excited to receive a promotional discount when I purchased this item. It in no way influenced my review.		Features	Including one black velvet bag printed "HITOP" on it.	Color: Brown	Type: Alloy leather bracelet	Width: 20mm(0.8") Length: 8"(20.3cm)	Welcome to check HITOP 1000 Fashion Products		Product Dimensions- 8.4 x 5 x 0.7 inches	Item Weight- 1.6 ounces
1,I like it
1,not at all what I thought it would be.
1,These shorts were very good quality, soft and roomy.  Too roomy.  Tried the big size.  Tried the tall size.  Based my choice on the product photo.  The model must be 7'4" tall for them to fit him just below the knee.  My son is 6'4" and they fit him like knickers.  Bummer because he really liked the style.
1,Underwear is sized 2T-3T, but I would be surprised if it is actually even as big as a 2T.
1,This is sad. It is my third time trying to contact someone responsible for this product. No one  can solve my problem. I returned those shoes a while ago, the seller has already received them but he doesn't return my money.		This is irritating me so please make a full refund as soon as possible.
1,The print is upside down. The fabric is nice. I would like a pair made correctly.  But returning was my only option.
1,Covered in orange stains. Was xmas gift its 23rd now :(
1,way too small. sent back. need elastic waste for me.
1,Shoes came with two different size laces. Thought I was getting a deal. Ended up ordering a new pair and spending sans as retail. Can I get $8 back?
1,The heel area is stiff and makes the boot go up and down on your heel.  The inside of the heel area is not finished well and the rough seams can be felt even through a sock.  I think it would rub your heel raw if you wore them very long.  Even though they are really cute and look fantastic with jeans and have cushy insole, sent them back.  Inferior product, unless you are really tough, don't buy.
1,After reading reviews and to don't miss I decided to order 36... if I lock them I wouldn't be able to sit. My last travelers from Banana are 35 and they fit loose and baggy. Also got work pants on Banana 36-32 and super comfortable and great to work.
1,The strap buckle is rubber and breaks easily
1,The top of shoes too hard for my toes - I'm used to wearing soft top shoes because of a hammer toe
1,I loved these when they first arrived - but they quickly fell apart. They are tearing at the back seam and I can't wear them in public anymore. It's a bummer because they were flattering and have a nice high waist.
1,Tear apart on the zipper after 3 trips.
1,Very pretty, but way too tight and my daughter's wrist is small!
1,I really do not like this Mundi Suburban Rio Checkbook Wallet. The coin holder is difficult to open. The space for placing the currency is very tight. Even though this wallet appears large, the inside is not spacious. The only thing that I like about this wallet is the credit card holder. If I had to do it over, I would not purchase this wallet.
1,These are women's sweatshirts. The zipper is on the wrong side and the pockets don't fit man hands. They should be sold as women's.
1,You seriously sell this!!! This is a scam, don't buy this!!!
1,too small everywhere
1,Returned
1,Each sock had a label on it.  On each label it clearly says:  100 percent Combed Cotton.  They are not wool socks.  They are not winter socks.  They are not thick socks.  Just regular socks.  Designs are cute though.  That's about it.  Deceptive advertising.  I'm not happy.
1,In just a few months, these Hugo Boss men's sleepwear pants FAILED the durability test, despite cold water washing and careful air drying. Holes began appearing in the front for no apparent reason. The Calvin Klein pants tended to develop holes in the back, where you sit on them. But these Hugo Boss holes were scattered in various sizes and places, apparently due to really flimsy fabric. It reminds me of how women used to complain of holes and runs in their hosiery after a few days of wear.		Accordingly, I have edited this review from 4 stars to 1 star. The original review appears below:		After going through several of these pants from Calvin Klein, I was glad these were cut to a more appropriate length. No more dragging along the floor. Equally comfortable. Durability will be the next test, because the CK fabric tended to develop holes after several months. In fairness, that may have been the result of tumble drying at low heat, which the fabric may not have been able to endure. We'll just air-dry these.
1,These boots look great, just what I wanted. Not too fancy. The leather is soft and supple. Very easy on the ankles and shins right out of the box. That's where the good part ends for me though. I followed all the Justin advice for getting a good fit. These boots just keep on hurting though. I measure in at 10.5 E. I rarely find I can wear that size though. Its hard to find brands that are true to size. Size marked correctly or not, its difficult to find something that actually fits. Asics sneakers fit me well in a 11.5 4E. I took the Justin suggestion of ordering a 1/2 size under my tennis shoe size and I got the 11 EE. It feels very narrow on my foot. Instep holds my foot securely, side to side width is marginal and the toe box is very narrow for me. My fourth toe hits the side of the toe box as it tapers while I still have an inch and a half of toe room beyond my longest toes. I feel they are unnecessarily long just to look stylish. A 1/2 size down would be even tighter and more cramped on the toes, a half size up would be even longer and too loose in the instep/throat. You want some tightness in the instep so your foot doesn't slide forward and bang your toes. Mine bang anyway because of the narrow toe box. I'm sorry I wore them outside, they are not a good fit to my feet and never will be. They felt reasonable at first and I really thought they would get better. But as the days wore on, I could take less and less of these. My #4 toes were taking a beating from the side of the toe box.		I learned a good tip after the fact: Take the insole out of a new shoe and step on the insole to see how your foot will fit. Doing this test, I have two toes hanging off the sides of the Justin insole and still an inch and a half of room ahead of my first and second toes. Very narrow in the toe.		Since I wore these and worked outside in them, I couldn't return them. Or at least I didn't feel right returning them. I was willing to accept my mistake and wear these on a limited basis for snow shoveling and casual outings. Then I stumbled on some good news. After reading some other reviews mentioning quality problems, I gave the boots a close inspection. They were in fact showing signs of failure. 10 days old! There is a good amount of vinyl in these boots. The pull loops are a sandwich of leather and vinyl. One loop had cracked right through the vinyl. Hard to notice unless you look under the loop. Its not like I am pulling hard on these loops either. Not a struggle at all to pull these on. With the vinyl torn, the thin leather skin will soon follow. Why would they skimp on these things? The vinyl seams down the sides are cracked at the flex points. The stitching on one of the insteps was very sloppy and pulled loose from walking and squatting. The stitching in the cloth lining inside at the rear came undone. This was also loosely stitched, like basting stitches. This is the area where your heel rubs as you put them on, a few inches down from the top of the boot. Its right where the vinyl lining transitions to cloth lining. Again, it has not been a struggle to pull these on so this is unacceptable wear after 10 days. Considering these defects, I had no guilt sending these boots back to Amazon.		Just to restate, these boots look great. If they happen to fit your feet they probably will be quite comfortable for you. I still would not recommend them as a daily work boot though. I don't think they will hold up. Build quality/consistency is questionable. There are a more happy reviews here than not so there must be some good in theses boots. My issues are mainly all on one boot, maybe I got a bad one. If you get these boots, be sure to look them over closely before your 30 days runs out. You might identify some defects that might otherwise take a few months to create a 'hard' failure.		I am trying out some new boots, Wolverine Brek Wellingtons in 11 3E. My first impression was they are not as soft and supple as these Justin boots. They are a bit stiff. However, they are noticeably shorter than the Justin's and have a wider toe box. The instep feels more snug and secure while still leaving me room for my toes to splay out to their natural position. The heel fits me better too. So far I'm liking them and they have softened up nicely and they are comfortable. Give them a look if you have trouble finding wide boots that fit.
1,My husband wears a 10.5 so I ordered a 10-11. It is WAY too small. We held it up to another 10-11 shoe and it was several inches smaller. They look like fairly good quality but will be returning
1,Way too clunky
1,Broke after 3 wears.
1,I'm not sure if the exceptionally low price ($20) for this color was a factor, but I have bought PUMAs before from Amazon and loved them....these were horrible.  The size was the same but they were thinner and the tongue is like posterboard (no padding whatsoever).  I wore them to work and found myself limping in pain all day, constantly realigning the tongue that kept sliding to the side.  I ended the day by giving them away (new shoes with one-day's wear).
1,Did not fit as I expected. I tried measuring first but something was wrong. I did not like the tint; too yellow and not dark enough.
1,Ordered this product for my Kindergarten son. The Velcro flaps came apart after 1 month of daily (m-F) wear as did the tongue. I resorted to using super glue to keep the shoes together. Ridiculous for a brand such as Hush Puppies. Skip These. Order from Stride Rite. The comparable stride rite black Velcro shoes lasted the entire rest of the year.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Stride-Rite-Austin-Sneaker-Toddler-Little-Kid-Big-Kid/dp/B000FISIB0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Stride Rite Austin Sneaker (Toddler/Little Kid/Big Kid)</a>
1,Bag has a moth ball aroma - it reminds me of grandma's closet. I bought two and they are both in the process of airing out. The color is not as bright as the photo. Some areas are sewn crooked. Interior lining makes a crinkle-sound. I wasn't expecting the bag to be five stars since it was only about $23, though I was expecting it to be a bit higher quality. In my opinion, the bag is not true to the photo or description. From a distance, the bag looks nice but up close it does not look like the photo,  I'm going to keep both bags because they came from China and it will probably be a hassle to return them. I was going to give one as a gift but will probably keep both, even though they are in the same color. I will buy my friend something else for her gift.
1,Sized way too big but so cheap I'll just put them to Goodwill rather than return
1,I ordered this and another pair of the same style but different color. I am quite happy with the other pair, but this one has much to be desired. First, this pair fit much looser than the other one, and I almost returned it for that reason. Now I wish that I had because the corners of the back pockets now have holes that make the jeans only suitable for mowing the lawn. I have only had them about 8 months so I am not happy about it.
1,Really poorly made. Fabric is scratchy and see through. I had to sew up several seams before I could wear it to a party. It was inexpensive and it shows.
1,the sizes listed for this product are for teeny tinny butts and flat tummies.	THEY DO NOT STRETCH AT ALL.	loved the colour but my back side measures 60 inches.  these would not even go over my foot.	i laughed really hard when i opened the package and saw them. i do not know what they consider plus size, but this ain't it for sure.	ALSO THESE ARE MADE IN CHINA	SO IF YOU DECIDE TO RETURN THEM, RETURN SHIPPING IS $16.75 AND DON'T FORGET TO FILL OUT THE CUSTOM FORM. GET A TRACKING NUMBER.
1,Waist of money leather pulled apart on 5 use
1,I ordered a 3x and this sweater is small on my little sister who wears a medium in childrens sizes. Very disappointed with the  size and quality.
1,Couldn't understand the size chart and got them too big now have no idea how to return them
1,I cant even set my unit because i came with a bad battery or at least thats what the unit says it is.
1,So disappointed, I was looking forward to receiving this and now very upset. I ordered a 5 and its not true to sizing at all. This honestly looks like a 2t. Very unhappy customer
1,too small, not true to size and hard plastic. had to return
1,Didn't fit as well as I had hoped. I guessed 2 sizes bigger for support was wrong, not supportive enough to dance.
1,Average quality
1,Runs really small.
1,Very cheaply made, poor stitching, only wore them 3 times before the seam ripped
1,These boots seem to be durable. I have worn many boots in my day. I wore these for about 6 months and had to go back to my thorogood boots which are made in the USA. The problem for me was that they are unstable on uneven work surfaces. Im not sure if they are too tall or what but I almost broke my ankle three times wearing this boot. Working as an electrician in a saw mill, the boots saw all kinds of terrain and when walking on rock, piles of lumber or saw dust the boots did not offer the ankle support. My ankle would suddenly bend sideways usually resulting in an sprain. Like I said I have worn many boots, Justin, Thorogood, wolverine, redwing. I have never had this issue. they are tied nice and tight bottom to top but the boot actually flexes at the ankle. Other than that they are a good looking boot that seem to be durable. Also one thing to consider is that they are very heavy. The boots also started leaking water after a few months.
1,I took it out of the package and the button popped right off.
1,can't wear these without a bra over them, you can see the outlines - oh well
1,This dress had a little too much plunge in the neckline for my taste.  Nice dress, just not for me.  Returned with no problems.
1,The watch is pretty and rather weighty, but what struck me the most was that there was not very much difference between the two tones.  The silver and the gold were almost the same, I think the gold color is too light.  I didn't keep the watch.
1,Too big
1,Be aware that if the shoes do not fit it will cost you nearly half of the cost of the shoes to return them. I will not be purchasing again.
1,Not quite adequate. Needs more card holding capacity. Don't care for the money clip capacity either. The elastic band seems like a stopgap response to complaints like mine. And it's plastic, c'mon! I'll buy another brand and find a spot in a drawer for the "Flipside" wallet. And someday in the future I'll come across it and think, "what the heck is this thing?".
1,molto piccolo.
1,You pay for promotion clothing. Bought it for my 18 year old econ student who loves it, but I don't like how flimsy it is. He wears a men's XL. I got him a 3 XL and it fits fine.
1,These do NOT fit as traditional palazzo pants should..much more  form fitting, tapering wider at the ends. While the item fit, it ws NOT flattering for anyone with hips which is the reason one would buy palazzo pants in the first place. I did not send them back as I have a friend with narrow hips and gave them to her..
1,I have had these shoes for about 3 years. I have several other pairs of these same shoes that I bought elsewhere. This is the only pair that I have that hurts my knees after wearing them about an hour. The shoe looked great and fit great. I just recently discovered what the problem was. Upon turning the shoes over and looking down the sole the heel was out of line with the rest of the sole about three eights of an inch. The shoes are defective and appear to be twisted. Both shoes are twisted the same. My other ASICS Men's GEL-Kayano 18 Running shoes are as straight as an arrow. I wish that I had noticed that the shoes were defective shortly after I had received them. The seller may or may not know that he is selling defective shoes. This is the only pair that I have bought from him. If anyone else is getting pain from any of the shoes that the seller is selling you should examine the soles to see if they line up with the heel.
1,I love 5.11 or I did until I got these boots. I literally wore them once and the next morning I went to put them on and the zipper on my right boot shattered! That's the only way I can describe it, it didn't rip or have part bend or anything like that, it just broke in my hand. I paid a lot for these boots because I believe you get what you pay for but not in this case.
1,This is a huge newborn, my baby is 9 pounds  almost  2 weeks old and these are way to big for him
1,These sandals are cute for the price and fit me fine but the bottoms are abnormally slippery so I will be throwing them away.
1,The color is correct, but this fits very small. It was not loose whatsoever. Top fit fine, but hips and legs are tight. I think I'm going to return this.
1,Straps are stiff and uncomfortable.  Can't wear them without socks.  Donated them to Goodwill after several wearings.
1,I was looking for a pleather look. It is more like thick latex.  Generally a medium, ordered XXL. SNUG SNUG SNUG
1,This shoe is not true to size. Its too large. I normally wear a six, i bought a 6 , but the back side keeps slipping down while walking. i wouldnt recommend it. The reason is although the front fits fine, the rest of the shoe is too wide.	I bought this to wear with dress , since I am recovering from ankle injury and cannot wear heels. but this provides absolutely no arch support.	I would not recommend it.
1,Very poorly made, rubber like material, sent back on September 18th to get a refund and they still are saying they haven't received the boots back yet and refused to give me a refund...
1,Strap falling apart after two uses.  I guess to be expected for 5 bucks.  Very nice statement piece though.
1,As many others have said, the outer quality is good, the removable inserts are a pain but THE biggest complaint is that it seems they wore this backpack ON their head while they smoked.............I could have dealt with the divider installation but the smell will make you gag.  My wife came in the house and thought I spilled chemicals.
1,St. Francis is the patron of my parish, and I was going to buy this as a gift for my confirmation sponsor. It was perfect, in theory. However, when it arrived, I opened it to find that the bangle was very snug (I have an average wrist), and the engraved text was obnoxiously ugly - all different sizes of letters and all over the place up/down/crooked. Plus, it was sent in a watch box, clanging around inside there, not attached to the 'wrist' stand inside. I would have never given that as a gift, and I didn't even think for a moment about keeping it for myself.
1,Too big!
1,As others have stated this top is not proportioned correctly.  The length and quality were good; however, the area around the breast is way too big, even for me at 36DD. Not worth the money to send back.
1,Nice looking top - until you wash it. The material is flimsy and lacks quality.
1,cheap feeling too, I am so tired of ordering boots that are supposed to be leather, say "leather" but boy! they feel, look, smell like pleather!  And, those are all made in China!  I'm sorry, but I"m totally turned off by paying $100-$400 for boots and then seeing "made in China".  I'm about to give up and spend $400 on Frye (which are so expensive to me) just because they aren't made in China!
1,Was way too long for my husband and the waist band does not fit snugly like one would expect. I had to return it.
1,I beleive this pair of pants was a 38, not a 36 as ordered. My husband just tried them on and they fall off of him. We held them up to the 36 and they were an good two inches larger than the 36.
1,cups are the true size but the elastic part around is size 32 and not 26. Impossible to wear
1,I am a 34C and I ordered a medium, it fits well but somehow the dress is not as flattering as it appears in the pic. Im going to return it.
1,I have never been a fan of Crocs but thought these were cute. They are cute for plastic shoes but they are not comfortable at all. They also run narrow.  Perhaps true Crocs fans will like these. I prefer Birkenstock sandals for a comfortable fit.
1,My wife didn't care for it
1,look great but were way too small for the XXL that we ordered.  It wasn't even close to the sizing chart
1,Slid up when walking, returned them
1,Pretty but not comfortable
1,Embarrassingly thin fabric. Didn't even try them on. Immediately returned.
1,These shoes were purchased to wear at a wedding.  I selected these because they looked like shoes I could, and would wear elsewhere and would be more than a 1 time use type shoe.  I wore these around for a few hours before the wedding date, to make sure they would be comfortable and would not cause issues.  Upon inspection, I was very displeased to see that the painted over heels were peeling.  The underlying tan color of the heel material had become exposed.  Upon further inspection, I found that the gold paint on the inside of the shoe, was also peeling and had exposed the base underneath.  Very disappointing to see such poor quality from a shoe that I was overly excited about.  Will be returning these shoes.
1,I am very disappointed. The product did not meet my expectations. It is lighter than a flower. It can not be a real stone. I would like to return my purchase.
1,The bag is very stylish and looks good. However, the quality of the materials isn't very good. I purchased this product less than 6 months ago and the zipper has already broken and I can't fix it. In addition, the way the bag is shaped is very inefficient. I can fit a lot more into my much smaller gym bag than I can into this bag.
1,DO NOT BUY THIS!!! I purchased a size up and it still didn't fit! I normally wear a S but ordered a M and was shocked when I could hardly put it on, I would never ever go out in public in this thing. Save yourself the return and get a regular bikini bottom from target.
1,stitched crooked at tongue .....and then have to pay return shipping, sad
1,The shoe is a 9 in Womens
1,These shoes were not very comfortable after wearing them for an afternoon while walking on trails. My feet were sweating a lot, and when I took them off, my socks were soaked. I have never had that problem with the Teva shoes that I own. I decided to order Teva Raith, and I threw the Columbia Cedar's in the garbage. I am sorry I bought them. Oh well..........
1,Doesn't really fit those of us witha larger bust.
1,They run rally small
1,You get what you pay for. These make my feet sweat almost regardless of the temperature or activity I am doing, including sitting.
1,I had to return these because I missed in the description that they were button fly.
1,I bought the bra primarily for running and doing Zumba.  The band fit was fine, but the material of the cup was very stretchy which provided little support.  Also, the underwire dug into my ribs.  Very uncomfortable.  I could not imagine doing high impact exercise wearing this bra.  I generally love Wacoal bras, but was disappointed with this one.
1,This dress fit like exactly what it was.  A Caftan.  Large, loose, no real shape.  Pretty colors.  Material sort of thin.
1,Too small. I returned it to the seller.
1,Not even one star; the size is way too small and my feet are too incompatible with these shoes.
1,I read all the reviews, and purchased this according to Glamorise sizing, yet still way too small. I am returning it, and as this is my third attempt to try this line, I will move on.	I am 6' tall and wear a 40DDD. I purchased a 42F and it did not fit.
1,I fell in love with the boots online.  But the love affair ended when they arrived.  So disappointed.  The boots are narrow in the front, (not a problem for me) but were loose in the heel, which slid off when I walked (even after I tried inserts to take up some room).  Also there was very little padding in the boot.  Felt thin and cheap all around.  I think my feet would have frozen had I worn them out.  Also, the shaft is really wide and I usually have trouble with shafts being snug.  Really wanted to love these!  :o(
1,This thing is acceptable at best.  Nothing really wrong with it, just not that great.  Big bunched up, lumpy area as mentioned in other reviews can be "tucked in" and goes away...  it's just that the my over all impression of this thing is, "meh, kind of a waste of money."  The ONLY reason I selected this as a head wrap for a pirate costume was previous reviews...  My bad.  I should have gone with my gut and gotten a plain red satin sash, or something similar, for half the cost.  The silkscreen quality of the skull and swords is mediocre at best.		I'm writing this in hopes that the manufacturer reads this and makes the product better, or that some other dude reads it and moves on to the next option.  Cheers
1,Junk. I got the black matte frames and black lenses. Wore them for one hour on a sunny day and then threw them away. Facing the sun you're practically blinded. With the sun overhead there is LOTS of glare and reflections. Vision down and sideways is distorted. The only good thing is that it comes with a nice case and cleaning cloth which I will save for my next pair of sunglasses.		EDIT: Less than 24 hours after posting this review the company Duduma contacted me to say they were disappointed in my review, offered me a free new pair of sunglasses from their Amazon store, and they included instructions for how to delete or edit my review. Sorry guys but my review isn't for sale. The fact is the glasses were bad and I don't want new ones for free.		EDIT: One month after posting this review someone who claims to have a few pairs of Duduma sunglasses that he's happy with, yet has never posted any review on Amazon about them before, wrote a comment here disputing my review.  Duduma marketing strikes again?  Decide for yourself.
1,COMPLETE GARBAGE I THREW IT IN THE TRASH IT'S COMPLETE CRAP!!!
1,Band broke after a week
1,I Ordered An Extra Large, Thinking It Would Fit My 40DD Chest... I Was Very Off In Sizing It. I Ended Up Giving The Corset To My Slim, Tall Daughter With An 'A' Cup Chest And 22" Waist! I Needed To Order A 3X For Myself. I Give It 2 Stars Because It Is At Least Very Pretty. The Sizing Mistake Was On My Part, Not The Seller Or Manufacturer.
1,Had too return them
1,Seam separated first day.  Brand new pants. Poor stitching.
1,Very thin material.  Needed too wear a tank underneath to have the material flow correctly
1,The quality of this dress was disappointing. Stitching seems a little off, and the fabric seemed more flimsy than expected. I absolutely loved the style in the photos - but the dress I received did not seem to be the same style. The red color was beautiful. Returned.
1,I didn't like these at all. They looked very cheap.
1,I only purchase Landau 4 pocket scrub tops. Every time I purchase a small, and they fit perfect. The top I received was way too big. I would consider it a large.	I question if this top was actually made by Landau.....
1,Felt wide. Ioder medium width, these sandals were "relaxed fit", so meaning a little wider
1,like the colors but way too small
1,Was disappointed by this shirt. It was much smaller then expected and fit oldly.
1,Fell apart within a year.
1,the picture is not
1,The crotch tore out of these shorts within just a few minutes of wearing them. The problem is that the crotch is so low that it binds when you walk. Its too bad because they're super comfortable, especially out here in Arizona.
1,These jeans are cheap crap. I always take my jeans to the tailor to get the best fit. He measured, did his thing, and hemmed them to the perfect length. They were perfect. Then I washed them in cold water, no dryer. The length shrunk by 1.5 inches. Now I have a useless pair of jeans I have $60 in after tailor fees. Save your money. These are junk.
1,There is no way to tightening up  the bra straps.  It sags too much in the front. THERE IS NO SUPPOPRT!!  The back coverage is good, but the support in front is not good,
1,It was strange a bit...I expected it to be different from the description I read but it was a bit strange.
1,Stitching was already coming loose straight out of the package. The color is uneven: black dress has big, light, horizontal streaks. Might be passable at night, but pretty obvious in daylight.		Too bad; its comfortable, flattering, and I really like the print. It fit as expected. Im 53, 36(B)-28-38, and I ordered a medium. It had plenty room in the top (maybe couldve gone with a small) and fell right above the floor when I was barefoot.
1,I bought a pair of "fashion" Teva sandals a few years back that looked much like these. However, this new design is cheap and flimsy and was not up to the usual standard of quality that I expect from Teva. I sent them back for return
1,Ran very small and since it was 100% cotton there was no way it would dry and fit.
1,Arrived broken and had to fix it myself.
1,Ordered a Women's 9.5 and received a shoe labeled as a Men's 9.5, Women's 11.5.
1,these turned out to be too big as in too long.  I normally wear a 7.5, but these do not come in 1/2 sizes so I ordered up figuring I didn't want them to be too tight on my toes.  I probably could have gotten away with a size 6.  the straps are also really loose even when pulled as tight as they can go.
1,Wayyyyyyyyy too small. Order a couple sizes up. I don't know about how it will last but the material is soft. When I lose a lot of weight Ill be able to wear it.
1,third time ordering this....never got what I asked for, am going to a different product
1,I was looking for some 100% cotton clothing, specifically for sleeping in. These came in scary neon colors, were way too short, and flimsy factory quality. Not impressed.
1,If you're looking for a skirt that isn't strip club formal, this isn't it. This is so see through that it might as well be lingerie. Learn how to make clothes before you sell them...
1,The product itself is exactly what I was hoping for in terms of fit and thickness. However, when my daughter went to try it on, all of the tags were off, and there were small toys left in one of the pockets. Obviously it was either used or returned (most likely used since all of the tags were off). Either way, I purchased this outfit expecting a new product, and am annoyed that I most likely received a used product. I'd return or at the very least exchange this product if it wasn't for the fact that we leave for our snow trip tomorrow. Someone should've had inspected this product before it was replaced in the inventory.
1,Too cheap the fabric is horrendously course
1,2 Star for attempt but is not as well made as the picture show.
1,I am not sure where all these great reviews are coming from. The dress is terrible!!! Nothing like a picture.
1,Arrived broken. The rubber band around the wallet was jaggedly broken/torn as if the rubber was old/dry. It was also flat and wrapped in plastic, so it had to have been packed broken.
1,The fabric is awful! It looks like a cheap manmade cloth. It is itchy, scratchy and the fibers shed. I tried it on over a tshirt  and had tot take it off it was irritating my skin. The neck line/collar hanvs ackwardly down the front oh the coat. Also there was no invoice in the packaging making it impossible to return.
1,Way too small for my size, I'm a 7/9 and a large wouldn't even fit comfortably.
1,Zipper unzips randomly while wearing
1,after wearing it for 2 weeks, the chain turned black. I thought it was 925 silver sterling very disappointed in this will not order again.
1,not good
1,It's more like a spandex polyester cloth not Ankara fabric, looks really nothing like the pic, don't waste your money
1,I purchased this for my teenage daughter. The purse is cute but it reeked of chemicals and I don't know how to get the smell out. She doesn't even want to touch it because I touched it and the smell rubbed off on my hand. I don't know what packaging they use or where they make their merchandise but they really need to figure out how to fix this problem because it makes me not want to order from them again.
1,Just wasn't pleased with the fabric and how it hung. I returned in favor of some other dresses I had found.
1,Had it 2 days and the stem fell out.  Probably got a lemon. It is beautiful though
1,I wish I could have given a sixteenth of a star. You are better off buying a buffalo nickel from a buffalo. I am writing this report because this is my owning way of stopping this b*******. They didn't even bother to finish sewing things up. Just put it in the bag and send it to America. The back part is connect by a a string or should I say thread. Just plain terrible. I am convinced that anyone that gave more than one star is working for the company. Ladies you're better off buying toilet tissue and wrapping it around you. The tissue might last for only 3 minutes. But this outfit is only going to last 5 minutes. The tissue cost $2 and this cost 10. You do the math
1,This cape was shorter than I envisioned.  I gave it away as a gift.
1,I want to like these boots, especially because the grey color was only $50 when I bought them. But there are a few things I'm not thrilled about. Most troublesome, the soles do NOT last. After one season of wear, the "wood" patterned fabric or whatever it is around the sides of the heel is peeling off and the sole is wearing through to white plastic underneath. I'm going to try to get them repaired, because the leather upper seems to be of good quality. But the soles are not great. For that reason, I would not pay more than $50.		Style-wise, I love the oxford/wing tip look. They are a bit pointy, so they make my feet appear longer. But I am only a size 7 and I don't mind THAT much if my feet look a little bigger--but if this is a concern for you, you may not like the look of these.		Fit wise, they run narrow and tight across the top. My heels are narrower and my ankles are thin, so I actually really like that my feet don't slide around in these. My feet are wider at the toes, but I found that the leather has stretched a bit with wear to accommodate this.
1,I am super bummed about this review. I LOVE our Momo baby first walker shoes. I actually really love these sandals too... but it took almost a month for my son to grow into them. On his first time wearing them, I pulled the little green tab to take the strap off and the whole top of the fabric ripped off of the strap. I figued it was probably a fluke and went to exchange them this morning for a new pair only to find out that we have surpassed our 30 day return window. I am so dissapointed. I can fix them, but when you pay $30 for a pair of baby sandals you shouldn't have to repair them yourself! I won't be ordering another pair.
1,Bought sizes 7w and 7m for my toddler. In comparing the two sizes side by side, wide width and medium width appeared the same, no apparent difference. Also, main reason for the return is the poor fitting on the straps. They are too long and oddly enough the velcro part underneath the straps are too short, thus you cannot pull the straps tight across the top. Maybe if your child has chubby feet and doesn't need the straps fastened tight then maybe would be ok.
1,Very lovely to look at but very rough in texture,
1,Actual product received looks very different from the photo.  Actual wig is shorter, cheap plastic, and sticks out on one side.
1,Alright guys, whatever Converse or Amazon recommend in size just ignore. Buy a pair of converse in your regular size because I have bought two pairs already following this "go a half size smaller" rule and it has gone wrong for me both times as the shoes ended up being too tight on my feet. I bought these primarily for lifting, but on most days it hurts my feet to use. Anyways, went to me local Footlocker and tried a pair of Chucks in 10.5, my general size for shoes and it fit perfect. Maybe it's just me, but I have regular, narrow feet and they felt fine. So much more comfortable that I ordered a pair on Converse.com because Amazon didn't have my size and they seem to be taking longer than 2 days to get things to my house. What's up with that?		Long story short I'm considering returning these.
1,Very disappointed! The color of the boots are NOT the same color as the picture shows. They fit, but don't think I will ware them.
1,The shape is not very solid. The packaging distorted the shape and was not sure if the shape would hold as in the pictures. So had to return
1,I wore it for a week and the pants inseam already split in the front by a inch. I cannot wear the pants now. The material is soft but it's not worth it if it splits less than a week of wearing it. I bought another scrub set from a different company and their scrubs, although 1 size too big, is sturdy.
1,Wears out after a few wearings.
1,too short for 10.5  D size. I have a very standard 10.5 D foot but I was disappointed by this Nike product.
1,I got another shoe from aerosoles and was true to size.  This pair was too small! although marked my size, this pair just could not fit.
1,Material feels itchy and it is not a good fit. The seam was off.
1,super small the larges barely fit my 11 year old
1,Not too happy that there seems to be no size 5.
1,Too short for description
1,Purchased as a gift, and I really didn't give much credence to some of the negative reviews. I mean, they're Levi's ... Right? That was my mistake and it won't happen again. They were for my son and the fit was actually spot on, and they did look good though they did seem a little lighter weight than other Levi's we both own. After half a day on the first wear they were in worse shape than Levi's he has worn for over three years. The inseams wore; the seams began to separate; and there were holes in the crotch on both legs. Completely unacceptable when you can't wear a new pair of pants for an entire day without having to throw them out. Needless to say I am returning them. Are there different 'grades' of Levi's? or has their quality just really degraded that much? Too bad.
1,This not a genuine  leather waller and it is not zippered bill, the description is wrong
1,Don't look like the pics, am really disappointed
1,Runs small - the 24m/2T I ordered was more like an 18m fit (mainly the shirt was way too short on my sons torso). The shorts got runs in the fabric (just like panty hose do) after not even 2 hours of wearing them. I was very disappointed with these, good thing I didn't spend a lot on them because I only got 1 use and now they're in the trash.
1,I've been buying etnies for years. This is the worst pair I've owned. I haven't owned this pair for less than month and the seams on one side is coming undone. All I've done is walk in them. Do not buy.
1,poorly constructed.  the fur lining started lifting up from the inside sole shortly after I starting wearing them.  The fabric attracts dirt/debris and must be wiped off.  I probably could have got a better value for $20 at Walmart.
1,They do not last, break after a few wears
1,Nice idea but the product is about half the length shown.  It's two pieces, so if you put the two end to end you might get 50" long, but each piece is actually half that length.  Might be best as a belt.  Much to short to get the affect and look as the advertised picture.  I won't purchase this again.
1,Dont bother they are for wearing for 5 minutes. Elastic is kinda weak at wasteband.
1,While the waist fits just fine, there is too much material making the rest of the skirt look far too large and sloppy.
1,cheap quality
1,Good price...but an absolutely USELESS poduct, unless you only plan on putting it in your pocket.  These are NOT the standard 22", but are more like only 20".  That may not sound like much, but it makes these 2" too short for wearing on your head.  USELESS!  Another manufacturer trying to make a fast buck by selling less for the same price.  AVOID LIKE THE PLAQUE!!!
1,Bought size small for my 8 year old. She is average size. Sleeves are a little long (good to allow for growth) but the over all length of coat is so short. It just reaches her waist. She loves it so we will keep it but it will probably only last one season before she outgrows the length. Nice lining and color.
1,Shoes are uncomfortable and too wide.
1,It's ok. Nothing exciting
1,I got what my standard shoe size is, but with this shoe my toe felt smushed the entire time. Wouldn't recommend, the overall comfort was not there.
1,I bought a large and I'm a true 34D, and it was nowhere near fitting my boobs. Need to be a C or lower, absolutely. The bottom fits nicely though, and the foldover is flattering for curvier girls. I'm usually a medium on the bottom or 4-6, so use that as reference.
1,Not nearly as comfortable as other Keen's I have owned.  I would not purchase these again.  I'm on my feet all day and these tend to hurt after the first couple hours.  I would return them if I could.
1,This Champion sweat pants were too long. Maybe it was the size I chose. It was very thin, almost paperthin. I will not be buying this again
1,bought 42w 30L and it was too big
1,Keep sliding down. No good.
1,Too small. I will have to return it
1,I love most things I purchase on Amazon....this, however, is the exception.	It came damaged...handles on BOTH pieces do not work.  The brown is black with brown trim...so not what I expected, but I could live with that.	They are very cheaply made and not worth even the 69.99 I paid for them.	Going Back!!!
1,The dress was nice but way too small. Gave it away to a petit teenager.
1,Looked better in the picture.
1,I have been wearing Capezio dance shoes since I can walk, however we always got them directly from the store in New York City. This is my first online purchase of Capezio's. To describe the shoe size as according to your "street sho size" is waaaaaaaaaaayyyy off. My street shoe size runs from 6.5 to 7.5. I had to return and reorder 3 times! My final order was for a SIZE 9! So, BUYER BEWARE - buy larger size first.
1,Don't Buy
1,This suit looks more dark orange in person (at least the one we received did) the trim on the straps and the ties on the legs are definitely red, but then the suit itself is an orange/white- you can definitely tell the color difference b/w trim & suit.
1,So basically I got this thing about a week ago. No heavy books or nothing.  The left strap wripped off and the leather off the top is peeling horribly! Meaning it's way to thin, wouldn't recommend.
1,The advertisement reflects a bigger kid. The shoes came in toddler size and remains packaged by my front door. I do take partial blame for the bad purchase.
1,awful style
1,Size 4.5 and Size 5 and exactly the same size.		The reason I ordered 2 pair was to ensure that one would fit.  Both pair were exactly the same size and were too big.  This shoe runs large.  my daughter is between 4.5 and 5 and both shoes were large.  So disappointing.  On top of that I purchased the shoes on Prime day so if I wanted to order smaller sizes now I would not get the original discount.
1,way to big
1,Leg holes were too small.
1,This shirt was a disappointment.  I love 2(x)ist men's athletic underwear, but this shirt is not well made.  It is too flimsy, so it shrunk in the wash and lost its shape immediately.  Also the neck is too big.  The Duofold long sleeve undershirts are much better.
1,Buckle fell off belt after a few wears.
1,I really wanted to like this ring but I just did not. It looked very fake to me and the diamond was way too big for my taste. I understand that it's not real and I wasn't expecting that it would look that way but this ring & diamond looked costumey and very cheap. I ended up sending it back.
1,Way, way too big.
1,I bought two sets of these.  One set crapped out after 2 weeks but I've rigged it up to where it is still (barely) functional. You get what you pay for.
1,I like the shoe. Size was right. My only concern was that the width was to small or narrow. I have wide feet, that's why I've been buying this brand for years. It was all for not though. They fit my son. Would be nice for the future if myself and others had the option to choose from width size as well. Thank you for your time.
1,Always wear a 12 and they were way over sized
1,The fabric and stitching on the toe of these shoes are breaking away.  I love the fit and the feel of the shoe however I have not "worn" these shoes long enough to warrant this type of breakdown.  I don't jog or walk daily with them and they are getting a hole in the toe!  I will not buy another pair unless I get some kind of discount for this pair I purchased.  Very disappointed.
1,Mine was defective not comfortable front stitch was not in the middle. Be sure to check product upon receiving.
1,I didn't know it was kid's size.  Did not fit.  Probably my own fault.  Returned.
1,I usually love skechers and I've never been disappointed with any of the shoes I ever got from them, but this pair just was not what I was expecting. Didn't look anything like the picture and even though I bought the size I always get, it was on the small side. And it hurt my toes, especially the pinkies. Just very disappointed and wouldn't recommend for anybody to get it.
1,the color was not what I expected
1,First time I used this umbrella it blew inside out and broke! Way too flimsy, cheaply made, waste of money.
1,These shoes are so cute online but in person they are far too long. Even had I downsized they still wouldnt have fit well. Also soles are very hard. And strap across ties isn't placed properly. Nine West- what even?	I went with a lesser priced similar sandal and love them. Returned these, sorry.
1,I had great expectations for these cami's but was disappointed. I ordered the XL and they fit well but by the middle of the day the tank was stretched out and not at all fitted like it was when I put it on, I had layered under another top so it looked like I had a stretched out t-shirt sticking out from under my sweater. I have purchased things from this seller before and have always been very satisfied but these cami's missed the mark for me. I'll stick to the store brands that can be purchased for around the same price.
1,not happy with this back over all it is very small and does not hold the weight. within the first week of use there was already signs of wear
1,It was way too small looks like a shirt rather than a dress.  I usually wear a medium and got this in a medium and it looks like a xxxs.
1,Very thin material, not like the photo. Runs small and very short. Picture is deceiving as it makes the shirt look long but it is very short.
1,Fit as expected but we're kinda thin..... Not very good quality in my opinion
1,Too bad.  It certainly looked comfortable but it was cut way too high under the arms to be comfortable for me.  But then again, I am only 5'2".
1,The buttons popped off taking it out of the package. Cheap garbage
1,My normal cotton Tee's are XXL. These Key Apparels run much larger than XXL. I returned the XXL and	reordered XL, they fit fine
1,I'm very disappointed with this product, it doesn't look like the picture, it looks horrible when you wear its. Horrible I wasted my money
1,Broke when I took them out of the box.
1,The shoes look great but they are too hard for my comfort, they don't bend well.
1,This is not a real Teva Olowahu. It is stiff and the sizing is off. The logo on the footbed under the heel is missing. I am sorry I wasted my time with this purchase as I have to return them and go buy them elsewhere. Should have just done that to begin with but thought I could get them faster with Amazon.
1,These shoes were so narrow I thought I might have received a women's sized by mistake.  Since they didn't fit me (I ordered the same size I've been wearing for the last 40 years) I gave them to my wife, who can wear them using inserts.  These shoes, even if sized properly, would be a $12 value selling for $40, which explains why TOMS can afford to donate shoes one-for-one.  Generous of them, but I'm paying and don't get the deduction.
1,was expecting more because of all the great reviews. first of all, this is NOT a silk fan, so i do now know why it is entitled as such. second, the wood is incredibly thin and will not stand up to anything resembling regular use. third, the edging on mine was ripped. very disappointed because i was expecting more, but for the price, it would make a good party favor...hat's about it.
1,I have no idea what brand these are. Tag says support - Nowhere does it say Leggs Active Support - 3 pairs out of the box in a plastic bag. No labels pertain to product. Not even sure if they are new, look like used, maybe returns. Sending them back. They did arrive on time.
1,The shoes would have been wonderful, if the toe area was not so wide.  They fit like men's sandals.  Unfortunately, I am returning them.
1,The seam goes up the center and is really uncomfortable. Typically beauty is pain but these aren't even that sexy because they come up as high as granny panties. They don't even make good period panties because the wedgie-factor shoves a soaked maxipad into my butt crack
1,So sad these didn't work out. Crocs does not carry half sizes so I got stuck with too tight or too large. Bummed!
1,loose fitting and does not stay on
1,Somewhat tight on the top foot which makes them not slip too much but also makes the top of your foot sweat.. I have somewhat of a wide foot so these are rather tight. I wore for about 7 hrs (not straight) and the result is in my attached photo..
1,Was ok
1,I should have listened to some of the negative reviews as they are way too long (and I'm 1.92 tall) and also a bit too big around the waste. The fabric seems to be rather low quality as well. I have made many purchases at amazon.com, amazon.co.uk and amazon.de and this product is one of the few purchases that I regret.
1,This jacket fit apart from the arms were abnormally tight and the zippers were very sharp. I sent it back
1,Funny how I order 40 32 and got 38 30
1,fits really werid
1,The Lark & Ro asymmetrical skirt looked pretty terrible on me. The waist fit fine, but for some reason, the pleats puff out so much that my hips look giant. My hips looked so large that I was sure there were pockets--I mean, what else would make them puff out so much at the HIPS?? There are pleats right at the hips, not pockets. I tried to spin the skirt a bit, but it didn't help. Just to be clear--I don't have large hips, in fact, they're fairly narrow overall. That said, I still don't want to look sizes larger than I actually am.		The one thing I truly liked about this skirt is the color. The purple is a pretty, dark & deep color.		The asymmetry didn't look good on me either, it was just strange. With puffy super-hips, and odd asymmetry, the skirt was a fail. Essentially, looked both silly and like the Michelin Man; not a good look. I don't recommend for anyone who doesn't want their hips to look wider than they actually are.
1,Like most, frye  has gone to made in China, to bad ,won't  buy be cause of that. Yes they  are still some in Mexico  and may be usa.
1,I was testing the carry on and it didn't provied the correct weight and hard to work with,  I would not recommend this problic to anybod7y.
1,Clips don't last, not work friendly.
1,Shoes squeaks when you walk.......the foot bed brown rubbed out of my shoe after one wear!
1,ok
1,Nice material but Not sized properly
1,I really really wanted this bra to work for me but it was very odd shaped, way too large	in every way. I have implants and I normally wear a 34 DD or 34 DDD but even this 34 DD	was too large.		I sent this back.		fyi: I also bought another one at the same time and it was the same thing so I wrote the same	review... the ones I really love I wrote a review on too)
1,This was a very pretty necklace but also very cheap looking. I purchased it for my wedding and returned it immediately. Would be great for a prom.. Not so much for a wedding .	No hassle or problems with returns :)
1,Kinda thick material
1,I read all the reviews before buying this particular brand and didn't read much about shrinkage.  However, after one wash, it has shrunk more than I like, so I'm quite disappointed.  Since I bought two of them I'm now stuck with two shirts that are too small.
1,sizing not as listed
1,Must be for a very PETITE female! Quality swimsuit, but it was too short, too small for an average adult. I'm 5'4", weigh 138lb, wear size 10-12, ordered Large. The top of this swimsuit was so short, came just above my waist. Had to return. Thankful for Amazon Prime!
1,This suit was tiny.
1,This hat was too small, & I wasn't impressed w/the quality.  I own a few Stetson Hats, all of them are very nice, & fit as they are supposed to, but not this hat.
1,From across the room, this watch might be mistaken for  Rolex.  From across the table, it might be mistaken for a nice watch.  From on your wrist it cannot be mistaken for anything other than Seiko treating its (in my case, former) customers like chumps.  Shame on Seiko.		I have worn a silver Seiko for 20 years and it's still running like a charm.  The crystal is a bit scratched, so I thought I'd get a new two-tone one.  After receiving it, it looks to me like Seiko is making cheap knock-offs of its former classic watches.  Very disappointing.  The new watch is absolutely no where close to the one I have from 20 years ago.  Please note that most of the 5 star reviews are several years old, or weirdly, people who bought them years ago are writing reviews now. Rather fishy.		It looks so good in the box.  I even said, "Wow" when I opened it.  It's a classic design.  Too bad I didn't buy one 5-10 years ago.  I wish I had because you sure can't get one like that now.  As of December, 2011, the materials in the band are complete junk.		I read all the negative reviews about the new bands, but thought maybe since there were so many positive reviews, they were just unlucky and got outliers.  I also thought if i got a bad band, I'd just take the pins out and put a better band on the watch.  Turns out, because of the way the band is attached to the watch, you can't replace the band with a better one. That's the deal breaker-- lousy band you can't take off the watch.		I'm shocked at the truly inferior quality; it's clear that the defective band is NOT an outlier.  I'm an engineer.  I looked closely at the clasp-- it's a design flaw.  It's the wrong size by about a millimeter, a HUGE distance in jewelry. No wonder it doesn't close without a struggle. Can't believe Seiko put its name on these.  If they had any commitment to the integrity of their brand, they should have scrapped these bands and never attached watch movements to them at all.		The gold links on the band aren't  plated-- there's something gold painted on the top, something that has the excess sheen of (plastic!) mardi gras beads and (plastic!) silver deli trays.  It looks really cheap.  Worst of all, it SOUNDS and FEELS cheap. I wear my watch slightly loose, and this one, if worn just loose enough not to leave an imprint on your wrist, rattles like children's plastic toy jewelry.		Returning this sad little shadow of Seiko and having a jeweler put a new crystal in my 20 year old one, which I will take good care of since obviously I can't replace it with a new one. For the two-tone, I ended up getting a Citizen.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Citizen-Women-s-EW3144-51A-Eco-Drive-Sport-Two-Tone-Watch/dp/B0019KBDOM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Citizen Women's EW3144-51A Eco-Drive Sport Two-Tone Watch</a>.  I liked the look of this Seiko better, but can't abide a watch that rattles like it's made of plastic. The Citizen is a bulkier watch, but still very nice looking, and its band good.		I have worn a Seiko almost everyday for 20 years.  I know what a good Seiko feels like. This particular watch is absolutely nothing of the kind.
1,broke the first day worn
1,They only lasted a couple of days before the side split wide open.  They are more for show than use.  Terrible product for the amount of cost.  I would not recommend these at all.
1,Tight band holding them up-not as smooth as spanx or other types I've tried
1,Shoulders were too small and I've never had that problem with other clothing or jackets.
1,Was under the impression it would be bigger. eh...
1,meant for small breasted women
1,I am a true 51/2 but this flat is a whole size bigger! Very disappointed since from the feel and the look of it seem like a nice comfortable shoe. Hard for me to judge since it did not fit me. Back it goes. (:
1,poor quality
1,The skirt is super pretty but absolutely too small. I always buy maxi skirts in an XL in stores so I thought it would be safe here. This one seems more like a medium to me. I couldn't wear it at all, but I gave it to a friend who loves it. It's also fairly sheer but luckily my friend always wears slips.
1,If you have any kind of curve or athletic build going on? These jeans are not for you. Especially if you're looking for the same style and fashion statement you get from the other WallFlower jeans. These are thin, and very, very tight to the skin. Not what I expected from this brand. I'm quite disappointed actually. I'm thinking for these to fit me. I'd have to up size nearly two sizes. I think not! If you're tall and slender with very little muscle tone. Than these jeans will be fine for you. Other than that, don't waste your money. I think I'll stick with the other jeans and just double up if I have too when they start wearing out. In stead of experimenting on new styles.
1,As other reviews have mentioned, the sizing and material varies. I purchased a pair or the Range color jeans and they fit great and the material was a decent quality. On the other hand, I purchased a pair of the Wellington color and the fit was too tight and the material was thin and cheap, definitely not the same weight denim as the previous pair. At $42 a pair I expect the quality and consistency to be a lot better. Levi's is obviously taking short cuts to cut down on the cost, but they are blowing it in process. Looks like I'll be finding a new brand of go-to jeans.
1,What was sent was NOT what the picture was. I am very disappointed since this was a gift for my daughter for Mother's Day. What I was sent was an ugly printed top and bottom. What the picture showed was a green top and matching pant that was multicolored. I am sure she will want to return but I will give it anyway cause I gave nothing else . Very disappointed.
1,This is a very uncomfortable bra.  I bought the same size that I always buy, but this rubbed my skin raw and was painful by the end of the day.  I have tried it more than once.  The problem is the bottom inner edge, not the straps.  It's going in the trash.
1,GAVE IT TO 8 YEAR OLD GRAND DAUGHTER.
1,I purchased these sandals for my husband last year and after he wore them for a few games, I gave them a five star review.  He was really pleased with them.  He wore them for the summer season and enjoyed having a  nearly barefoot golfing game.  However, I have to change my rating to one star now.  This summer he put the sandals on and after his first game, discovered that the seam on the underside of the strap had hardened over the winter to a nearly knife like edge.  During the first game, he experienced pain and took the sandal off to find a cut on the top of his foot from the hard seam.  This cut, though attended to with triple antibiotic, has festered into a nasty infection.  I wrote the manufacturer to tell them about the problem.  They wrote back to say essentially, thanks for the information, hope your husband's foot gets better.  I will never make another purchase from this vendor, no matter how great the price.
1,Very thin, shrunk up. Would not order them again.	I have ordered other that did not shrink up so bad and stayed long, enabling you to tuck them in.
1,Not even remotely the same jacket as pictured.
1,so very very bad. You can even try it as the product has missing parts.
1,Have to return all 4 pairs I bought they run extremely small
1,After reading the reviews, I didn't know what to do: some were super satisfied with these shoes and some were claiming they were fake.	My husband has joint issues and since he started wearing MBT 5 years ago he's been able to run again. They're incredible.	Unfortunately I'm not sure these are real MBT: after a few days of wearing them, the shoe of his right foot started to release air at each step my husband was making. It's terribly annoying.	He waited for a month before wearing them unfortunately and although he's worn them only 2-3 days the return policy is over and I can't shop them back. Aaaarg!
1,Very cheap quality my husband didn't like it...it was worse then quality from a swapmeet. Threading was awful the material was even worse
1,It's cute, but falls apart.  I wouldn't order it.  I was considering as stocking stuffers, but not worth it at all.
1,Flimsy. These are worse than Hospital shoes.  So flimsy it's like they are supposed to be worn over other shoes.
1,Cheap
1,The fit is very loose. Not at all like the picture. It is also very, very thin, so it is good to workout in, but will not provide any warmth.
1,They're ok I guess . A little big in the hips. Actually the whole leg is very...flowey and flared out. Not my favorite. The fabric is nice though.
1,Returned
1,Their just like soft jeans. Not like jeggings at all. Ruins it for me honestly.
1,A bit narrow for athletic feet but they will stretch, cheap material (strong rubber smell), too long, order 1/2 size down.
1,As with many shirts that I order, it's too small in the bust. Not small enough to not fit, but small enough to be a little uncomfortable. This is to be expected for me as I am a DDD. No, the reason I am returning this is because it is quite possibly the nastiest fabric I have ever touched. My own fault for not noticing it's 95% polyester, but it's a harsh, nubby, horrible polyester that I cannot imagine wearing for more than five seconds. Returning.
1,Returned
1,Changed color the first time I wore it.
1,Received item with gem already missing. Haven't even opened it. Very disappointed.
1,the strap by the pinky toe was not low enough. as i walked my pinky toe slipped out - returned!!!
1,Not as nice as I expected. Not really camo.  Too much trouble to return and I only hope the little boy likes it.
1,Kept it, but haven't worn it.  Sleeves are too small to be proportionate with the garment size. Material is flimsy, but it was cheap & I might throw it on at some point.
1,Same problem as pointed out by other reviewer - holes developed where big and baby toes are.	I don't even run in these shoes - total walking mileage on them is <10 miles.
1,Like an old fashioned girdle for my girls. They weren't happy. These things are not for me. Re-doubling my efforts at the gym.
1,Really cute shoes but the sizing is off.  I wear a 9 - 9/12 depending on heel of flat.  I ordered a 9 and couldn't fit my narrow  foot in them,  I gave them to my niece who wears a size 7 1/2
1,I sent it back. While taking it out of the pkg my fingers turned black. I could not wear it.
1,I am disappointed in this product. Wouldn't order again.
1,never wear it again too big wear uncomfortable especially in my stomach
1,wish I could wear all day
1,Feels too tight and puts too much pressure on the shoulders. Don't like wearing it at all. Not what I was hoping for.
1,By no means am I big busted (I'm a 34B), so I thought this would be flattering for summer. Wrong. It has no support whatsoever (I wasn't expecting much, but this literally has ZERO), lots of sideboob action happening, & the occasional boob-slipping-out. Plus, if you tie it tight in the least bit, the crochet starts to pull out.	But it is cute. If you have TINY boobs.
1,Didn't like the Frames
1,Makes your socks fall down. Sketchers are better
1,These socks are so cute BUT beware - two of them after being worn once and washed have holes in them. Not in the toe or heels - it's on top of foot and ankle area. This should never happen. I'm VERY disappointed in these. They were a Christmas gift which makes it even worse.
1,I love the style and they look cute but after a while they start to hurt. The sole is textured like a net and start to really bother and burn the soles of your feet.  J had to take them off before a blister formed. I'm disappointed because I really liked the way they looked.
1,I was so very disappointed! All the reviews were strong and I can tell that the product is VERY WELL MADE! I'm so sad that the product is majorly small! I ordered a 36G! it fit much more like a 34D - I know because I have a sports bra that is that size and way too small.
1,It is HUGE. I could wear it.
1,Size to small
1,Cheap material,plastic like material for design not like an ink ,returning
1,I needed a size 35
1,The one shown is nothing like the one you will receive in color. The watch face is very copper looking color and not too pretty. I am returning it for a credit.  The heart charm is so cheap made and looks it.  If you remove the charm it may look better.
1,about 2 sizes too small
1,These are hard to walk in. You have to grip your feet to hold them on. Other than that, they are comfortable as far as cushion is concerned.
1,These shoes look like a comfy slip on sneaker, but once I tried them on, they were hard with no cushioning. They also had stitching inside the shoe that was exposed, and uncomfortable.
1,These run way too large. I am a med. Ordered medium size and they are huge!	Returned for exchange to small.
1,Pretty top but not true to size. I am a medium and it was falling off my shoulders.
1,I am unable to get this pair on.  I had tried them on at a store in a size 9 and they fit me perfectly.  I have not been able to work my feet into this pair at all.  Have never worn them!  I really love the idea of these boots, but have not been able to use them.
1,They are narrow.
1,these are way too small for a 18month old. i had these for bday gift it arrivd late and was not a true 18 month old !!!
1,Hi ,	Me and my friend gifted this to a groom in an wedding in las vegas , we are so embarrassed that it was a fake and it does not even shows correct time but still tried to convince my self but my friend observed  that  minutes mark is detached from board (dial) and moving inside the watch , I am big fan of amazon This is the first time we are ashamed of amazon . I know that it is not fault with amazon but the seller was Authentic Watch Store  !!! which is only Authentic in name I guess	Planning to return !!! be aware ALERT!!	I still have all the  picture taken by wedding photographer in high def , :(:(	[...]
1,After 2nd wash the sash ripped apart! Very poor quality. Real disappointment
1,These were so hard to get over my butt!! Definitely size up.
1,They are not true to size. I wear an 8.5 in every athletic shoe on the market. These are the only ones that are way too big. They also made my outer ankle bone hurt badly and I only wore them for a few minutes just to see if they fit.
1,It's cheap and at the larger sizes it doesn't hold and you will need to glue it.  Very sad crown for a regal.
1,Been wearing Levi's 505 and thought I might try a pair of the old 501's I used to wear. If you are a fan of skinny jeans these might work for you. They are like putting on a pair of tights. Skin tight on my butt and thighs and fit just fine at the waist. I won't recommend them to my friends.
1,it was ehhhh.
1,This is a very nice maxi dress.  Hangs nicely, looks great.  Here is the problem...the back seam starts at the neck and instead of going straight down the back it cuts across the back of the dress and ends at the side seam 2/3 down the dress!  Looks funny!!! Defect or on purpose?  I can't imagine it being on purpose!
1,I gave the boots a 2-star rating because had a combination of issues with the look of them. I returned them because they were not what I wanted. The leather is shiny to the point of looking fake. The shape of the toe and the overall bulkiness off them lend them a masculine look. They weren't poorly made or anything; maybe they're what others are wanting.  I love HP and will continue to buy, but these weren't for me.
1,The problem I have with these is that the right side is way too small for me...it fits like if it's a half size smaller. The left side fits perfectly but, the right side is wayyy too tight! I checked to see if I got 2 different sized shoes by mistake but they both say 7.5. So I don't know what's up with that...	They look very stylish though.
1,Looks really cheap!
1,came stained and (my fault) forgot to return it before the allocated time frame...
1,These socks aren't made very well.  After my son wore them the first time, they started developing holes.  I wouldn't recommend this product.
1,I bought this nightdress because I love the pajamas in the same color modal fabric.  But I don't like the way there is a soft double layer bra underneath.  It's sleepwear.  Why would anyone want that?
1,Got water in it after washing my hands. It went into complete failure mode. Wore it only three days. Did not bother to return it. Even worse the light is so dim you can barely see it in the dark. Aesthetically it is a very attractive watch, but needs major improvements to be a viable product.
1,It doesn't have an ass. Just a warning. Roomy in the front, though, but that's not what I needed.
1,Not flattering like pic. Don't like rim around bottom and front not attractive. Thinking of turning it around and seeing what a cami under might look!
1,Advertised as ankle socks. These socks are No Show socks and barely cover your heel. Returning.
1,Fits oddly. The sizing itself seems ok but there is a weird gap at the top of the bra that isn't there with other bras. I have a older bra from the same brand that fits great this one is just weird.
1,Sorry but could not fit in any of the sizes
1,The top fits perfect. The bottom is WAY too small! Overall a nice product. The bottom should have had adjustable straps.
1,The description is wrong. This is a one-piece bathing dress, a la 1940. It wasn't at all small for the size. I ordered up based on the advice of the seller. It was way too big, it was a one piece.
1,Ripped within a month.
1,Ordered this chain to wear my rings on while at work.  The first day I wore it the chain broke away from the clasp within 10 minutes without any pulling or pressure on the chain at all.  This chain is cheap and a total waste of money - I returned and Amazon did refund my money
1,These shoes are lovely, but the run small
1,dont fit well at all at least a size too big
1,I am 5'1" 105 pounds and I wear a 32C, sometimes D.  Yes, there is such a size. I was professionally fitted a few years ago at Dillard's and now that's where I buy all my bras. The bottom of this tube top bra doesn't even touch my body below my  "girls."  It was like wearing a skirt around my chest.
1,Very short and boxy. Wish I would've read the other reviews before purchasing. I still wear it to bed though so it's ok for that.
1,these fit like boxers.....
1,Could not get my foot into it.  Bought the same size the day after I shipped it back.  I'm wearing them today.
1,Middle stitch broke within 2-3 times of wearing them , otherwise they where nice pants
1,the leather is noce it looks good but I got a size 40 expecting it to fit my size 40 waist. this sucker is so small it's not even close. They need to learn how to use a ruler. get 3 to 4 sizes bigger than you are.
1,First, shoes have a horrible smell to them. It has not dissipated in the week that they have been sitting out. Second, there are 3 separate paper labels on the shoes stating the size along with an imprint of the European size. According to the seller the paper labels are wrong and the imprint is the correct one. Well, they fit like the paper label size not the imprint size.	I have spent too much time on this problem. The seller did not respond on the first request to return requiring me to follow up again. They did respond with the explanation of the confusing sizing. Now, another email requesting to return them. What a PITA!
1,The sole on these shoes are so soft that I feel I will turn my ankle due to less control.  the topside material and fit are great.  If I tried them on in the store I would not have purchased them due to the overly soft sole.
1,I bought this as an XL and when I opened it is was like a size small even though the tag said XL. Very disappointing
1,way to big
1,I'm a regular XL guy. Average weight and built. 6ft tall, 220lbs. This jacket I bought in a XL fit me like a Large! Smh
1,I am guessing these are unisex, though they say womens. These were HUGE and basic. Should have just returned them because they have already been donated.
1,This brand runs very small and will have to re order . How do I return to get bigger size?
1,Want to return but don't know how need help.
1,Extremely thin. Incredibly flimsy. Going to get another one. The Gascan is FAR better than this junk. I think it might be fake.
1,Ok,  Very 'white' overshiny metal, looks cheap
1,Adorable but the wide shoe is no wider than the normal (which is quite narrow). Not for wide feet.
1,The material is very good, and it is beatilful but i orden L and it fit me to small :(  I have 140lb and 5'2
1,Shoes came and were solid black rather than black with white as shown.  We were not happy that the product was not as shown.
1,I didn't pay attention and these shoes are primarily plastic and too big. I was unable to get a return packing label so I will absorb the loss and donate them.
1,Very scratchy . The wig color seemed off . The overall effect was ok . Used it for a Mother's Day mother party .
1,I'll be returning these.  The materialis not Jean material.  Really disapointed.  I'll buy them at the lee Jean store
1,I run a watch business and currently own about 120 watches.  I own 5-6 watch boxes and use them to store watches while waiting for them to sell.		First, this watch box is definitely a creamy pink color as other reviewers have noted.  The color didn't really bother me as other reviewers had written about it, so I was half-expecting it.		The BIGGEST issue with this box that the watch spaces are very tiny.  Of the 120 or so watches I currently have, only 3 of the watches would fit in the bottom drawer area with the drawer still being able to close.  The only watches that would fit were women's watches.  Even small size men's watches wouldn't fit.  (The band makes them too tall to fit with drawer closed.		In the top part, some watches would fit, but since the spaces are very tiny, you can't fit very many large watches (Invicta, or larger Casio watches).	If you have larger watches, you have to space them every other slot, and can't place them on the edge or it won't close.	Since the bottom drawer was basically useless, and to fit anything in the top I had to position each watch carefully, I returned the item...		There are so many watch boxes out there that will fit regular watches.  Don't buy this one.
1,Chinese XL is like US Medium
1,This was the first thing that came here. I do Not need it, putting it kindly.  Too many flowers. I,am very sorry.
1,The costume is so cute and the shirt fits great! BUT the pants are probably a size 5 and about 4 inches tall short!! Thankfully my 8 year old is tiny!! He squeezed into it for his school presentation but they were high waters!! Why are the shirt and pants not the same size??!! Weird!
1,Not for large bust women!!!!
1,Very flimsy
1,These are not the traditional foot bed of crocs. They are stiff, and if you are expecting Crocs unisex clogs quality, you aren't going to get it here.
1,Poor, cheap material. Will never be able to use again. After one wash, all design gone.
1,Wow I was surprised at what I received.  The ring was not only about 2 sizes smaller than what I ordered but also it's  so thin. .not what I expected.
1,Too narrow- sent back and ordered a wide which I never wear. Hopefully the next ones will fit.
1,Didn't work in my sneakers. Returned.
1,The sandals were too large. I couldn't make it work because they were clunky and I kept tripping.
1,The quality is horrid.
1,WAY to big. 1 size fits 3 people who are a size 14 each.
1,I liked  the looks of this shoe but when I tried them on it didn't cup my heel properly.  My heel was very loose in the entire back area.
1,Small won't stay on ankle.
1,Walmart carries and size the same. Walmart fit fine these did not
1,I was so excited to finally purchase a pair of Dansko's but I've tried on clogs before and they always seem to run small.  Given that information I went ahead and ordered a size larger than I normally would have.  I wear a standard size 10 in US Women's shoes, I ordered a size 11.5 US (42 EU) in these and there is no way they are this size.  I also have several pairs of Birkenstock shoes at size 41 that are longer than these.  I wondered if perhaps they sent the wrong size in the box, but it is stamped quite clearly on the bottom of the shoe size 42 EU.  It simply is not possible for me to fit my smaller foot (my left foot is smaller by about half a size) into these shoes.  I am so disappointed as I really was looking forward to having my first pair of Dansko shoes that I'd heard so many great recommendations on.  It is my opinion that at the larger sizes these shoes run very small. I think perhaps one size larger may fit, however I still haven't decided if I'm going to try a larger size.  If I do, I will update my review with how that turns out.
1,The shoe was as expected from the photo.  The right shoe strap was defective and the left shoe straps were larger than the right shoe which made the fit very loose.  Item was returned.
1,I sized up by 1 whole size and it's still to small and narrow.
1,Visual image so I thought there 3 but only 2 .
1,ok. I suggest going through the FX Network yourself or Amazon better quality.
1,I know my daughter is chunky but this was pretty tight and I felt bad putting them on her arms or legs. I think even stretching them out won't help
1,My head is not large but this hat was so small I thought I accidentally ordered a child's hat! It's a cute hat, but didn't fit and brim was not wide enough either.
1,By the comments i chose to buy one size smaller and even though it was somewhat large ! sad ! sizing should be almost standard .
1,Turtle fell off. Cheap product do not waste your money.
1,wasn't well made.....gave to my 8 year old daughter.
1,This shoe looked great online, but out of the box it was not what I expected at all.  The toe box is wide and almost snub-nosed shaped.  The fit is more like an 8. I wear 8.5 to 9 in most boots but I'd need a 10-11 in these.  I have narrow feet and that was not the issue -- it was the length of the boot.
1,These pearls have the cheapest look ever. Definitely for costume and not wearing to dress up an outfit. I can't even tell you what I did with mine. I immediately went to the local Kohls and purchased some that looked so much better and because they were on sale, I paid may $5.00 more. I'll never get jewelry from here again.
1,These were okay for the money.  The design seems almost spray painted on.  They are different then other leg avenue stocking i have ordered in the past with the same design.
1,Not sure how well it blocks RFID's, but the plastic divider inside broke within 5 minutes of using it. I had placed a few cards (6) in the wallet, closed it, and when I tried to reopen it, my cards went everywhere. While trying to replace them, I noticed the divider was broken. I do not recommend this product.
1,This sport coat was way small I had to return it.  I saw another review that said it was small.  I thought since XL is normally big on me it might fit just right.  Not so I couldn't even button it. Cost me freight both ways
1,Nice skirt but cheaply made.  The zipper broke before i could wear the skirt.
1,Looks cheap. I got the flower one and it looks kinda blurry and just cheap!! Not really what i thought it would be. Returning.
1,Too small ruff material
1,Very small
1,Look awesome and have great lenses but the screws came loose in about a month of so, one of the side screws came off completely and now they're useless until I can find another screw that'll work. It seems others have had the same problem.
1,They do run small, and the material is pretty thin.  I do not see these lasting very long.  I would not buy again.
1,Pretty design, but one cold water wash and it's faded...disappointing.
1,SO DISAPPOINTED.  Return window is SUPER short.  Bought as a gift.  They are SUPER small.  My mom just opened them (as it was just her birthday) and the window is CLOSED.	If buying for a gift know that:  1.  They are SUPER SMALL in size - you should order TWO sizes larger than you need. 2.  The return window is RIDICULOUS (one month).	But from a better retailer.
1,I ordered size 38x29 i received 37x29 Pant no help to me.
1,They ripped within a week
1,Very, very casual..
1,Don't waste your money on it. It's see threw and horribly cheaply made
1,Huge size double my size!!!!!!!!
1,I saw this shoe online and it looked good but when it arrived I was disappointed.  I ordered a 7.5 and it was slinging on my foot.  I cannot recommend buying a smaller size because then your foot would be hanging over the shoe.  The material is flimsy, thin and very cheap which is the reason for the poor support, so I would not recommend buying.  I was not satisfied at all, I felt uncomfortable wearing and all the while praying that I don't slip out of them and fall.
1,Seems somewhat thin, not a lot of give which made it difficult to pull arms through sleeves. I'd suggest sizing up for comfort of baby.
1,Rivets missing
1,Needed a shirt with buttoned pocket to prevent my smart phone from repeatedly falling out with very bad results. My Samsung S3 fit ok..albeit snugly. But after  one wash at the warm temperature setting the pocket shrank a lot...my Samsung protrudes nearly an inch out of the pocket.
1,son loves look of shoes but after what maybe 6 wears the red rubber bottom of shoe is peeling off everywhere.  These are not holding up like our sketchers of the past.
1,Someone earlier responded to my negative review. Telling I may not have known that the product I purchased  wasn't fake leather... As said to whom ever it was ...I was well aware the jacket wasn't real leather due to the price... My main argument regarding this substandard product was the martial and the way how it's presented...First of all the lining did not match...white sleeves with black back lining thata strike one and two... And the material it self leather wise looks costume fake...		Just want to make this clear for any others who couldn't understand my review...
1,My son wears a medium (regular  fit) company  advised ordering one size larger as the shirt runs small, which I  did however the shirt, more accurately  described, is 2 sizes different, so I  needed an extra  large.
1,SENT BACK< DIDN"T LIKE DESIGN
1,Fit large!  Don't stay up.
1,Fabric not great
1,It was cheap and was small
1,CENTER STONE FELL OUT NOT EVEN WORN
1,The most useless product I've ever purchased.
1,First of all, the product description says "leather". It's not. Therefore, these are not so soft. They're rather smallish in the toe area while a bit too long, so the back of the shoe is loose. But the main reason why I'm returning these is because the edges are hard on skin, especially on the sides next to the ball of the foot area. I cannot even stand in these, needless to say, unable to walk.
1,I purchased these boots in November 2013 and as of March 2014 they are unwearable. I am going to keep this review short and simple, there are three problems. Firstly, the rubber sole is wearing out far too fast for only a few months worth or street walking (2 miles a day appx), secondly the stitching has separated above the heel and I literally have a massive hole that is torn along the entire ankle, thirdly the boot is far too difficult to put on (ie. far too narrow around the ankle even when unzipped). I ended up throwing them out last night and I am not even going to bother contacting the company because i don't want to bother with the runaround. These boots were a total loss.
1,way too small, very disappointed.
1,Too small
1,Way too small, uncomfortable, cuts off circulation, doesn't make butt look nice. Waste of money, don't do it.
1,It looks great on the model, but didn't feel like it was flattering on me.  I also don't like the fabric.  It's not a soft cotton, which is what I expected. Feels very synthetic.  The keyhole is very low, which doesn't work at all for me, because I'm busty.
1,Ordered a medium and these were much larger and longer compared to other landau scrubs I already have.
1,This bracelet is absolutely stunning; however, it catches on everything. It had caught on my nylons and ripped them to shreds. Unfortunately, I had to take it off in the middle of the day. It was catching on my outfit as well. Too bad because it really is beautiful.
1,Falls apart after a few washes on delicate and hung dry.
1,runs small. Had to return
1,Didn't fit.
1,UPDATE:HORRIBLE quality, 1 has loose heel fixable yes but inside completely worn, other pair seam above toes split,in love w fit and sexy classy look but I have multiples falling apart I'm so upset	UPDATE:Trial and error,leather in my reg 7 perfect but nude patent in 7.5 too big, love the ombre heel on the patent tho!	UPDATE:got the navy suede 7.5 have to return for smaller, I guess suede true to size and patent are tight	--Painted pantent, love them! Def will be getting more. Returned for 1/2 size up i have wide feet refund completed 1 in business day!
1,WAY TOO SMALL, SIZING IS WAY SMALL
1,Quality of the workmanship is poor. Stitching appears sloppy along the seams. Raw edges at every seam, not only on the hood, which is not clear in the product description. Item was returned.
1,The face was larger in proportion to the band.  The face was just too big!
1,Tank is great but came with 3-4 dark quarter sized spots that turned into holes once washed.
1,They don't fit as excepted.  Snug.  And I don't fit into a 34 W  without them slipping down.  The top of the pants	 come up to my navel.  Thats pretty high for the paints. And its not for people	Who sit all day.  Lastly, they use way too much starch or what every it is to make them stiff.	Even after I washed them.	The fabric just does not feel right.  Move on.	this is just my 2
1,cheap
1,This necklace looks very poor quality when you get it. It reminded me of a chain I got from one of those bubble gum machine toy dispensers. I would not recommend it.
1,These pants were designed for skinny guys with a little extra around the waste, I should have ordered the 559/569 Relaxed or Loose fit.
1,I only ordered 1 item and received only 1 item.  I believe I ordered a Large not an X-Large.
1,Would have been great had a stone not fell out within the first hr of wearing it. Since then have lost 7 more stones :/ can't even wear it now
1,Pretty cheaply made.
1,Fit okay but look really cheap. Returned.
1,Bought  this  some  months  ago  ! Only wore  it a few times  , put  lt on yesterday  only  to  find  stone gone !!!  If  I could  give a - 10  stare  beleive  me I  would  !!
1,Ordered a size 7 US Men's and received a size 6 or 5.5.
1,was very disappointing
1,Cheap and disappointing.
1,Material is a little thick, and the top doesn't open as much as I would have hoped. Unflattering, loose fit.
1,Did not last a week.  Very disappointed in this product.  Laces keep coming out of the locked area and the laces have frayed to the point they are non usable.  Have used identical item but by another brand and they have lasted for at least 6 months if not more.  Going back to order those
1,size does fit as described. Size too small compared to regular geans or other pants I have bought before. I had to return it. it didn't fit me.
1,It is Very large...even washed it to see if it would shrink and it didn't. Will be giving it away.
1,Normally a size 14 will be a comfortable fit for me, but the K Swiss is a tight fit.  If I wear thin socks I can keep the shoes on for a few hours but I didn't have this problem with the Adidas and Puma athletic shoes.
1,These were extremely tight around the tip (toe) and it made it extremely painful. It's cute, but it's not worth it
1,I ordered this along with some other shorts all at the same size but I could barely get these on. Highly dissatisfied and disappointed
1,It fades easy
1,These are terrible! They fall out of my bra.
1,too narrow
1,Xl is a small
1,Was expecting a better looking quality, and wish it was the green color pictured, cheap looking but I will probably keep it. But you can't beat the price!
1,First time I used it, it broke
1,looks nothing like the picture, huge waste band not small as the picture looks
1,Horrible fabric. Would not buy again
1,I purchased light brown but color is darker than pictures, but it's fine.	Also purchased "Jet - stretch" and despite same size it fits small, like it was 2 size smaller!!! Unbelievable with Levi's!!!
1,When i put these on, there were wrinkles in places there shouldn't be wrinkles, such as all around my thighs,hips, etc. They just made me look fat (and i am VERY small, 5'8 120 pounds). The material is impossible (nearly) to slip on, and not pretty at all, not even punky, just silly. These were just overall NOT good material, and i do not recommend them.  Nothing against the seller!  I just absolutely hated the product.  These are for women who weigh 80-90 pounds, not women of normal weight.  Sorry, leggings, I already went to Eating Disorder rehab, and you can't make me back! lol.
1,I loved the look of the necklace... very pretty.... however that does me no good if it will not stay looped together and I lose it!  I tried to double loop it and that only made it twist all up.... ugh!  I know it wasn't much money but don't waste yours on it!
1,FALLING APART: CONTRA Grip Sole on my Solomon is disintegrating. Solomon is hiding behind their 2 year limit on warranty claims. They are old but hardly worn. I guess over time the foam filling between the plastic bottom and the footbed has deteriorated and is crumbling out like stale cake. They are now useless and after repeated requests to Solomon I am stuck with a very expensive pair of useless.
1,No zipper. Tight at waist. Size displayed and sown into the pants?  What? How are these popular?
1,Once again I returned hiking pants that I ordered hoping they would not be low-waisted hip-hugger pants.  It seems that manufacturers of hiking pants only make the low-rise pants.  The drawstring instead of belt loops did not help.
1,Sper cute but too small
1,Look great, but were way too big
1,Looks to cheap..	Feels cheap..	Not a very good buy.	Picture a little deceiving
1,just threw it out to the trash. Never choose it. Poor quality and looks much worse than at a pic. Different length of stripes and chains.
1,These UGG slippers are a full size too small. Tight against the toe, and too narrow for a medium width foot.
1,Product was bulky, looked cheap.
1,This lasted about a week before the plastic piece that connects to the clip broke off.  The clock is metal but the other pieces are cheap and not at all durable. I wouldn't recommend.
1,Not happy at all. The color was off and the belt was just poor quality not as we expected
1,These are crap! If I could give them zero stars I would.	The part that you put in your ear hole is so thick and short it's impossible! I had to cram it in and it made my ear bleed because it was so thick then it was too short to actually get it to clip closed. Threw them out, couldn't even get them to work for my 4 year old. Ugh what a waste of $
1,The coverage is about right, but the straps do not allow for enough tightening for small frames.  Therefore, I didn't get any support whatsoever.  I had to return it.
1,These shoes are junk. They're very wide and they look cheap. They also have a slippery, cheap sole made of felt instead of a real sole made of rubber, so you slip all over the place while wearing them. Terrible!
1,These were overall just too big. I have always ordered size 7 in the fit flops. I have several pair but these were way to big, even after I adjusted the straps.
1,Too big for a young girls wrist
1,YEA NOT FOR GIRLS WITH ASS AND HIPS!!!
1,The fabric not good quality and the stitching has many flaws.  I always buy polo shirts and this is the first time i get such product . In conclusion i have my doubts that this product is fake because i expect from such a brand to pay attention to details more
1,It was painful above the big toe area where the shoe meets the top of my foot. So cute though. Had to send them back.
1,I wore this bra out on a hot humid day in Chicago. After about 2 hours it fell off. It isn't sticky enough to stay on any longer. This was the second time I wore it.
1,Well first of all the product name is misleading ... It says it's a "push up" bikini but it is definantly not.  There's a thin layer of padding but nothing more than you'd get in any regular old non push up swimsuit.  My second complaint about the top is that the seam on the very front (you can see it in the pictures if you look) makes it look like your nipples are always hard... I would've been able to look past all that if the bathing suit had even actually fit me!  I ordered a small (I'm 5'6'', 120 pounds, wear a 34b bra, and have by no means any sort of butt) and the top is too big but the bottoms are way too small.  The top where it wraps around is loose and the cups feel loose to me but don't look too bad... The bottoms don't go up as high as the picture shows and they squeeze my legs and butt so tight! I don't even have a butt or hips!! It's not even that it makes me uncomfortable (which it does) it's the fact that it squeezes my butt so much I look like I have two extra butt cheeks!! Since it was so cheap I'm not even going to bother with returning it but I'm going to have to just deal with the top and buy some similar bottoms (I found them on here by Iheartraves for about $20) I'm just very disappointed but you get what you pay for I suppose.
1,I honestly cannot tell you anything positive.
1,This is one of the most awkward bras that I have worn. I feel like 0 support, the fabric is super thin so your nipples are going to show. The cups cover from the bottom of my breast almost up to my clavicle and are very wide but offer no support to the actual breast. Also it pokes my armpits. After a few wears it is going in the trash. I am a curvy 36 Ddd
1,**UPDATE**	Was able to break these boots out and have worn them since November.  They are not comfortable at all.  My heel rubs terribly on the back of the boot which makes me walk funny because its painful (If I were to go a size up or down my heels would rub even more or my toes would be squished).  The boots are also not warm. We have been in the negatives for several days and my toes always go numb. Today it's starting out at -11 without the wind-chill and I am dreading going outside with these boots.  My husband has Sorel boots and just loves them.  He says that his feet sweat because they are so warm! I wear his when I go get the mail or take trash out.  When the snow is clear on the sidewalks I wear other boots that I have that are warmer.  My advice-SO not worth the money!
1,Very disappointed. Shoes are cute but arrived with a stain on the front of one shoe, glitter randomly all over, and scuffs on the bottom like they had been worn previously.
1,Cute for one day, then falls apart.  Not even worth $10.  Buying something more expensive is worth it
1,Cheap material and way too small.  I ordered a large.....  It fits my 6 year old daughter.
1,I thought these were fine, but today my son came in holding one in his hand. It's been raining for two days and his feet are wet. Apparently, unbeknownst to me, the sides of both shoes separated from the soles within a month of having these. He never told me or I would have returned them. Soooo...crappy quality. One would think that these shoes would last more than a month.
1,Material is thin and cheap.  I get better quality from scrubs bought at Walmart for much better price!
1,Absolutely loved these glasses, but after a month, the lens started to ruin around the edge. Unfortunately, I'm now in the hunt for another pair!
1,I didn't like this at all.
1,They roll
1,The shirt I got was a knockoff shirt. Instead of saying "R2D2 on it, it says R2O2 on it. It is also missing the fine print at the bottom right of the shirt as seen in the product pic.  I'll be returning the shirt.
1,With the non adjustable straps it needs to fit just right or it just won't.  Comfortable but wide under the strap and when I took a step it would then pinch at base of my toes.  Buying apparel and shoes on line is difficult.  Returned them with no hassle then went to local discount shoe store, found what I want, fit the way it should and the cost was a bit less.
1,The zipper are cheap and with split
1,Doesn't fit right and i ordered a size that should fit.  the price should be a lot cheaper than advertised because quality of the material was so thin and kept sliding up as I wore it
1,Bought it larger than needed for room to grow, and it was kind of snug on sides already upon arrival. I had done research and they said to buy big and that is what I did.  Shoe broke apart at the sole within 2 months. Now, I am not sure what the case is, whether it is where Nike bought out the brand back in 2012 and quality suffered or maybe I just got a bad pair, but I don't think these are the Cons we are used to.		Granddaughter loves the look, but they fell apart so quickly, not sure how to proceed really.
1,Too long and too wide. Sole didn't appeal to me.
1,First, the picture displayed is not correct - it's actually a black quilted slip on sneaker.  And, after only a couple hours of wear (with socks on), I have HUGE blisters on my heels.  I'm not sure that I'll ever wear them again, which is unfortunate because they're super cute!
1,Too stiff despite being washed with fabric softener several times.  Wrinkles not easily ironed out.  Would never buy these again
1,got my order and at first glance I was satisfied! but when I opened the package i notice that the coverall was damaged at the cuff link area and the top chest.
1,to small.
1,To small for my head
1,Not my favorite. There wasn't a whole lot of bling before the ribbon started. And the ribbon was this old and cheap quality ribbon that looked like it would tear if I tied it.
1,Never liked these sneakers. Sent them to goodwill. They also made my feet look big.
1,It fit ok, what I didn't like was the one I got was very high neck, not as the picture also the back of the blouse is not lace
1,Just don't buy it . Very poor material, design and looking
1,Pants are made of spandex. My 13 yr old daughter refused to wear it. Going into the donate box.
1,Way too small, does not seem like true Dickies quality
1,It's way too long. The picture looks like it sits in the waist and ends just below the knee but it's much longer than that. Not satisfied but not worth the hassle of sending back. I'll have to hem it myself to ever wear it.
1,This style shirt was exactly what I was looking for and STILL looking for.  But, returned it because it was too small!  I got the biggest sioze they make and even the sleeves were really tight!  It's not a US size chart.
1,Hate it.  Doesn't fit right.  Keeps sliding up.  Just plain weird.
1,Rubs heels a lot...ouch no blisters but painful ... hopefully heel cushions help and won't make shoes too tight for my toes.
1,I can't wear them, they are to big and to loose, great styling and looks,, but do not fit like other Rockport boots I have bought in the past
1,Hard to rate this as they are at least an entire size larger than normal so I couldn't wear them at all.  I understand that there does need to be some extra space in a hiking boot yo accommodate heavier sox,  But I doubt that needs be an entire size...maybe even more.  Totally bummed as I bought on a "lightening deal" and can't get the smaller size at the better price!!  The boots seem quite nice but ....ORDER SMALLER!!!
1,no
1,Button up! Not a zip-up!
1,not for me
1,These were way to narrow and small even for my narrow sized 11.5-12. I just tried them in the house and couldn't make them work thus I returned them for a credit. Not worth the aggravation of trying to "break them in."
1,First in all fairness it's a roomy and strong case.  Although I'm glad for the ability to store my sunglasses safely, the rating of one star is for the blatant deception of the company that sells these cases.  The caption says the product is iridescent and shows an iridescent case and what you get is a flat paint job that looks like a kindergartner's dabble. I'd never buy this company's products again just because they're distastefully dishonest.
1,They don't fit due to the lack of 1/2 sizes.  Yellow /brown stains appeared out of nowhere and don't wash off.
1,Very cheaply made, ended up throwing it away
1,Had a horrible experience with this seller/ dresses!	This dress runs VERY small. Had it altered but with alterations the dress was not as nice. Ordered the dress in bigger sizes and received the wrong colors. Make sure to order 2-3 times larger size than you would normally wear.
1,ugly
1,I switched to these Brooks after years with Asics. This is my 2nd pair. The first pair fit good but it did give me two black toenails. The shoe felt comfortable so I never gave it a second thought. I got this shoe a couple weeks ago and now both my big toes are going black. Hurts like heck. Their toebox got more narrow? I was fitted at the local running store for these and was told these sneakers ran true to size. Think I'm going back to Asics. since I never had this issue with them.
1,these jeans do not fit like all my other levis 559. they seem to be made from some sort of stretchy material.....i hate them and would not recommend them.
1,I wear a size 11 boot and it pinched my toes and the zipper on the boots came undone while I was wearing them.
1,Very well made, but much too large and I ordered them a size smaller based on reviews.  The foot area was large and the area from the ankle to the knee was huge and loose fitting even with jeans tucked in.  Had to return them.
1,I did not read the reviews before ordering.  I should have.  I will be returning them.
1,This purse was much larger than expected and just didn't seem very nice or stylish.  I thought it would be cute, but it was just too big.
1,Too rough socks need to be soft these socks roughed up the bottom of my feet
1,Too small
1,I got them a long time ago and I still have not worn them, if that tells you something. I tried them on once and I HATED the feel of how tight and how itchy they were. Also they had a weird smell to them. BTW... I am 5'8 130 pounds so I don't think it is from my thighs being too big..lol
1,Very disappointed.. You send me another  different size I asked ... you send me size 11 and I asked for 7.5, it was a gift,  and I remains very sorry for the mistake of you,  now the shoes are in other country and anybody cant wear it because are too big size
1,small and tight
1,Same size as white yet it's smaller I'm really bummed out as I'm disabled and that makes it harder for me.
1,Size was all wrong wear a size 8 order size 9 still fit tight
1,After two washes the waistband started falling apart. The material is now super faded. Didn't expect much for the price,  but thought they would last a longer than this. For anyone thinking of buying, it's not worth the ten bucks.
1,I love Piko shirts & dresses and was thrilled to find heather gray as an option, however the Piko 1988 is not the same as the regular Piko shirts and dresses.  This shirt is much shorter and just doesn't "hang" as nicely as the shirts and dresses from the original Piko line.  This was given to me as a Christmas gift and unfortunately, I am extremely unhappy with this. If you are a Piko lover, please don't be fooled by the cheaper price tag.  Pay the difference and get the higher quality!
1,Was way to small	Around the waist	I usually wear a med shirt I ordered the extra-large way way way too small
1,This shoe is made of an uncomfortable, cheaply made material.  Even though it says narrow,  it was not narrow enough across my foot and didn't touch across the top or on the side.  Had to return.
1,The picture does not do this justice.  It is tiny. Like the size of a quarter.
1,I received this shirt today...the screen printing is great. However, it is not a ladies t-shirt. It is a unisex t-shirt. It is a run of the mill/fruit of the loom/Gildan t-shirt. I am disappointed. I was thinking about purchasing another shirt, but I won't. The photo of the shirt is misleading - the waist of the shirt is not contoured to a women's shape. I bought it as a gift.	1 Star for the screen printing	1 Star for the good quality - it will hold its unisex shape after washing.
1,everything was fine until I could see that each shoe had a different color, one was white and another cream
1,I like the shorts. They fit, they are comfortable, and the synthetic fabric is cool and light.		However, the stitching is of terrible quality. They are falling apart - even the hems, which don't see any stress at all.		Also, they are made in Bangladesh, where there is a significant problem with unsafe clothing factories and a government unable to intervene. I am unwilling to buy another pair.
1,This XL is more like  a Small.  I got the XXL and that is like a Medium.
1,awful bra for a C cup woman!
1,Looks so bad, like a Disney wig!!!
1,Fit is great however, the lace is itchy on top of foot.
1,damaged
1,Terrible.
1,what a joke.  Too short and way, way, way too narrow to where as a neck chain.
1,I opened this scarf and it had a mildew smell coming from it. Even after 3 washings, it still smells like mold. Steer clear of this company.
1,The first pair I ordered was fine. So, I ordered a second pair. But the second pair came with holes and stains. I returned them and ordered a third pair and they too came with holes and stains. The slippers are cute and outside materials seem to be decent. But there is very little support left after a month of wearing them only about 1-2 hours a day. It would be nice if Isotoner could improve the quality of the inside materials and arch support. In any case the sellers should not be selling the slippers with holes and stains.		Update: I reduced this item to one star from three, because the sole broke down after a month. In a mean time, regarding the defective pair I returned, Amazon sent me a warning message to return the item even though I returned them over a month ago and I have a UPS pick up receipt. The Amazon rep, Zolph, I chatted with, who took awful a lot of time between chat, said it was a system error and didn't even apologize for the mishap. Buyer be aware!!!
1,Well, I am changing my review. These shoes are a craps shoot.		First, The sizing is terrible. The ones marked here as a size 8 (European 40) are more of a US 9 versus an US 8- almost a full US size difference between their 7.5 (marked European 39) and 8. I gave the others to my sister because she's a true size 9. I am a 7.5 wide for most shoes, size 8 otherwise (comparing to Naturalizer shoes, or New Balance tennis shoes, usually European 39). If you have wide feet then choose your shoes wisely, but do not expect arch support.		Secondly, the pair in black that I purchased looked terrible. The bows were attached by a blob of glue that was visible on one shoe, and the glue that they used to form the sole is yellow and stuck out like a sore thumb. The "blue" teal ones did not have this issue. Luckily, the black ones were purchased on Prime so I can send them back without much hassle. The "red" fuchsia ones were not, and I have not received them yet. I will be very disappointed to spend $35+ on shoes only for them to look like I accidentally stumbled though the Elmer's glue factory.		UPDATE: Nope. I am very displeased. The "red" ones are worse than the black ones that I sent back, but the shipping is too much to send them back where they came from due to a bum product. The quality is not worth the price. These will likely fall apart because of the shoddy craftsmanship.		If you look at the photos you will see stray glue splotches, and what looks like finger swipes to wipe the excess where the upper and sole are glued. They look cheaper than what they are priced at.
1,No arch support with inability to  wear for extended period of time.
1,Too. Thin. Feels and looks cheap. Ok for inside. Overpriced..
1,The stone is not as shiny as it shows in the picture. It looks rather dull to me.
1,Hat is way to big as it must come in just one large size and it's kind of lopsided.
1,Too small and smelled weird. Was made of tough material.
1,These were a good price, but you get what you pay for. Size was close to fit. The shoe it self is very cheap material. The sole must be hard plastic. It is very slippery on floors like tile, marble, wood. I returned them because the Velcro came undone. Plus they have really thick tongue. I saw the reviews about it. It's not that bad if you lace all the way up.
1,I must have received a pair that was returned or simply defective.  As soon as I opened the package to look at them, one of the stockings already had a 4 inch run and about  in wide.  That is irritating!  Is it even worth it to send it back?  Not sure but sure irritating to order something and get something like this.
1,Shipped very slowly. I ordered two weeks before Halloween and it arrived over a week after the holiday. It also fell apart almost immediately.
1,It fits like a large and not a 2x Big. I went into it with the understanding that it felt like cheap shag carpet. What do you expect for $8? However, the fit is unfortunately way off in my case.
1,Not waterproof at all! Very wet feet and take days to dry. Cute though. Fashion, not function? They are sort of warm as well with fur lining, until they step in a puddle.
1,When the purse arrived it was not tan as ordered.  I was sent the grey bag.  I don't see how anyone could confuse tan and grey but	in looking at one of the other reviews this has evidently been a problem before.  I have returned the purse at my expense and	definitely will not order from this line again.  I was so excited about the tan bag but this has really been a waste of my time and	money.
1,Don't come up high enough on the ankle - very skimpy.  Would not buy again. Too bad, because they are warm and seem strong enough to last for some time.
1,I am a completely average 5"7 ish 145lbs ish and this STRANGLED me around the chest and under the armpits. It is unwearable. Apparently women with any discernable breasts need not apply.
1,Got the white yoga pants and they are completely see through, as in being able to see the color of the polka dots on my panties and read the label in the mirror. Yoga pants are supposed to be able to be worn in public and these simply can't. Other than that, they fit great and are really comfortable. I'm going to wear them over two other pairs of see through white pants in order to be covered enough to go in public. It's nice that these pants are long because I'm 5'10" and 190lbs and usually have a difficult time finding pants that are long enough. If you want coverage, don't go for the white ones. Can't say about the other colors, but if they weren't see through, they would be great pants.
1,Worst running shoes, I have ever used.  I run quite often about 50 miles a week, and these are hurt my right ankle.  The laces are short.  I hardly ever write reviews, but for these I make an exception. Awful.
1,They look like plain nurse shoes with a vans tag sewn on. & they fit way too small. Couldn't remove stains like I can with the white vans I purchased to replace these
1,I bought 2 pairs of Rockports both the same size, and the other fits but this one is way too small and I will have to exchange it for a larger size
1,What  a waste of money do not buy
1,Small
1,this is good product unfortunatly  their sizes is too big if u wear size 9 pls buy size 8cus 8 half is to big too.
1,Quality is poor.  Big snag on the front that runs the whole way across.
1,I received these shoes only a few hours ago. While I usually need a few days to properly test out a product, I can say these just did not work out.		First of all, I was put off by the style. These sneakers are a simple black with no decorations to them. I can let this slide because of the lights, but I was not to thrilled.		After getting over my initial disappointment, I set the sneakers to charge. I love how the charger has a split cable. One USB port did the job of two. I can honestly say one of the few features I like.		After charging the shoes, I loved testing them out. There were so many ways to enjoy the lights it was great. I can change the color, have it flash, or slowly rotate in and out. Such a fun feature. I was ready to try it on.		When I tried it on, the charging port stuck me in my food. Ouch. I tried putting my foot in a few different ways and felt a spike on my foot. At one point, I even stuck the charger in the shoe and felt a pressure. Basically at its most comfortable, this shoe will hurt after an hour or less.		Another thing I was not fond of, when I put the charger in the shoe, there was a hole in the material for the charger to stick out of. The hole was just a cut out with no reinforcement. Having a shoe like this will not last long. I can already see stretch marks in that area and that leads to tears.		Overall, I love the idea of these shoes but I will not be wearing them. In the few hours that I owned them I had to put up with the simple black design, being poked by a charger and will not be able to wear them for running. Not a shoe for me.		I received these sneakers in exchange for an honest review. All opinions are mine and were in no way influenced by outside sources. I am a professional blogger at Little Lady Plays
1,Broke easily
1,These were HUGE on my husband. Returned
1,Poor print quality. In person we could barely make out what it is.
1,I buy shoes routinely online, and have had excellent results by ordering up a size or so, no problems with too-tight shoes and boots.  I had remembered desert boots fondly as the comfortable daily wear of high school.  I am a 7 medium width US, and I ordered these boots in a size 8.  The toe box is so incredibly small that they will injure your feet.  Unfortunately I wore them outside, in a situation where I rode with someone else, and had no alternative but to wear them, before I realized how horribly uncomfortable they are.  We didn't even walk very much, mostly sitting a lunch and a little window shopping.  The problem is that the toe box is both way too narrow, and way too flat (not enough height for toes).  I had to have surgery for 6 ingrown toenails ($1,800.00) after a first, and last, 2-hour wearing of these instruments of torture.  I think the reason these shoes are poorly designed is mostly (to save the manufacturer money) by skimping on the amount of suede used, but also a result of the stupid topstitching design, which adds absolutely nothing to the design, and prevents the toe box from giving at all.  Also, I could feel every tiny bit of gravel through the "famous crepe sole"; more so than even in my bedroom slippers.  I like the color, but these shoes, marked as comfort shoes, are crap.  Very disappointed and, obviously, irritated.
1,So so material. I gave it away.
1,i got this for my boyfriend for his business cards.. it only hold a few cards and it has a tendency to scratch the cards pretty bad.. i guess you get what you pay for.. i wouldn't recommend this one.
1,cheap looking 2 sizes to big .
1,I previously purchased Ryka shoes for fitness, and was quite happy with them. I decided to buy these for Zumba classes. The main selling point of these is the color combination (I got the orange/fushia/metallic). The esthetic design in itself is not bad either, except that I did not get the support I previously experienced with other Ryka shoes. In addition, some of the bands on the side are glued to the shoe, not sewed, and started to partially come off a few days later. So overall, Ryka has done better, and should go back to the drawing board for these.
1,Awkward sleeve length because it is more tubular and is never fitted smaller towards the wrist. The lack of sewing work around the neck makes the same draped look if you hung a towel around your neck. The print is much larger! This is very much something you would on much more mature woman. It is a lot larger then pictured. You get what you pay for. It isn't all bad, I'm going to try and fix it. (:
1,I have several pairs of Adidas slides and they're all the same size. These were noticeably larger. Due to that I returned them. Due to the fact the foot bed seemed very slick and the part that goes over the foot was some kind of thick foam, I didn't order another pair. Amazon was great with the return though.
1,This bra appears to be for someone the size of my 9 year old granddaughter.  In fact, rather than return it I will just give it to her...it was suppose to be a size 34.
1,Great fit and design but didn't like the fabric.
1,This bag is awful!  It is cheap....and it is  NOT navy blue...it is ashy blue.  I am very very very disappointed.  I will be returning it for sure!
1,So cheaply made that the band broke the first day
1,received these today, they are so small so small and they are not orange they are yellow.....very unhappy with them
1,extremely too small!  Not even close to being able to wear these!
1,Shoe sizing was off.  This is the third pair of sketchers- ordered all in the same size as my original skechers- the new designed do not have the comfort like the original Go Walk's.  Go Walk 2, hurt my feet within 30 minutes of walking, soles were to stiff, not the bouncy cushion of the original Go Walk's - which I could walk in for hours without my feet hurting.
1,Can't wear,  didn't know they were plus,  guess I overlooked that
1,I wish I could give this 0 stars.... Glad it was only 99 cents. I would not have been happy paying more. This seriously looks like a camera necklace I got from ClickinMoms.com, but don't be fooled. The $15 difference is well worth it. This necklace is flat, while the image appears to be dimensional. It does appear that they took a different image and then swapped it for this one.
1,This is not white gold. You can tell the quality of a necklace by its clasp. If you see this sort of clasp, you should know its cheap.
1,Low quality, ripped second time wearing them.
1,I love the fit of these jeans but n the dark blue they have a cheap violet glow. The dark blue looks really cheap.
