0,This song has gotten many a new truck/jeep buried up in a field.	Not necessarily a "bad thing" if you bring along the girlfriend.
0,One of MJ's all time best songs
0,Took a lot of searching to find the name of this song, came across this version-it is beautiful!!!!!
0,Best FREE bluegrass music I ever downloaded!
0,Love listening to the great waltzes.
0,What can I say.  I love the 80's
0,Great
0,great for a wedding song
0,It is a reminder to me of what Christ is saying to me in that  as  a Christian I am a believer and that is what were to do as Christians is to believe in the Son of god Jesus Christ and to believe that he is who he said he is and he will do what he said that he will do, in other words we as Christians  believe in the word of God that is what were to do as Christians  TO BELIEVE and this song reinforces that. I love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0,This is a hit! Love the Wale and Rihanna mix, dance music at its' best. Great tune to rock it out on.
0,My favorite song form the 5150 album.	The whole album is great,I like this song the best because of the overall composition.
0,Listen to the words of this song - shows how we can use our bodies to worship God and help others!!  A wonderfully uplifting song!
0,I bought the album for the title song, "Past The Point Of Rescue." I've never listened to the rest of the album so I don't know if it's good or not.
0,Awesome Song. Easy Download.
0,I LOVE THIS  SONG  BUT I WISH  THAT THEY COULD  PUT  THE WE WHOLE 18  SONGS  ON THE  CD INSTEAD OF 11.
0,Great song
0,It is music so it is pretty much good if this is your taste  Summary: buy of simply find it on you tube
0,Good song.
0,Enjoying
0,Off beat I always like, good job
0,Diamond is always good
0,its a great song
0,Puts me in a good mood, catchy and up beat!
0,great
0,More, more, more.
0,This is such a fun, beautiful, and captivating song, with so much depth of meaning if you take the time to intently listen to and consider the meaning of words. I'm not a huge fan of electronica, but I very much like this song and the album, 'Ocean Eyes.'
0,Great song at my Grand daughters wedding.
0,Classic song. Amazon gives it to you as an mp3 and about 256kbs quality which is better than you get with other music resellers.
0,It has been over a decade since Carlos Santana made history, with Supernatural, and the historic win of 8 Grammys making it the record that won the most Grammy Awards in music history. There is no doubt about it when Santana and Matchbox 20 singer Rob Thomas made one of the most accllaimed songs of all time. The collaboration is still electrifying, and shows a standing that many duets and collaborations from Beyonce & Shakira with Beautiful Liar, and acts like Justin Bieber haven't been able to honestly strike as a home run with universal music buyers. If you haven't honestly yet owned the song from the record Supernatural, than you might want to get it again as a addition to your MP3 library, and that is just simply smooth.		Song: B+
0,Nice!!!!
0,Loved
0,All my friends are going crazy over it.		Very good every one is sing this song in church.even my choir.so inspirational.
0,I truly love this song! Thank you Whitney for over 30 years of your angelic voice! God has gifted you with extra special anointing and blessings for your vocal abilities. It was not just the voice but it was the Spirit of God moving and working through you. True all of us even as Christians we stumble we fall but the Lord gives us strength to get back up. Peace be to you cuz I'll be seeing you again!		www.k-mille.net
0,A great song by a great band.
0,It took me some time before I realized what this song was about.
0,I first heard this song in the movie Heat.  It never fails to get my blood pumping.  Definitely a high speed top down driving song.
0,So inspirational.  I love listening to this song at the beginning and end of my day.  It blesses my spirit so much!!
0,...the ultimate Shakira song!!  There really is not any more words to say to this review but since I have to.
0,Great Song!
0,Yes, Jess, I will hold your hand! Her voice is gorgeous. Her song is gold!
0,cool music
0,My husband loved this song and listened daily.
0,Love this song. Good quality. Reminds me of oldies
0,Insightful, challenging reminder to stay the course with Christ as King.
0,Special. Although it's called December, obviously that will not spoil its meaning, or interfere with playing it in April, or August. It's  another "gotta have."
0,Other than "Back on the Chain Gang", this is the only other Pretenders piece that I hear often on the radio while traveling to & from work 5 days a week. Quite an original and "catchy" tune - the musical score is quite striking and seems to "stay with you" long after the song is over. Quite a voice this gal has, as well!
0,Great song!
0,This song is one of my favorites!
0,Cher, what can I say. Beyond fabulous
0,ANOTHER GOOD ONE FROM THE STONES
0,Just used the product and was very satisfied, just as advertised. Would recommend this product to others.
0,Great song
0,This is excellent epic orchestral/neo-classical music! I thoroughly enjoy listening to this album. However, I would rate several other Two Steps from Hell albums ahead of this one (including Classics 2), but that is only because other TSFH albums are so epic and amazing, not because this album is not good. This kind of music is perfect for just about anything. I enjoy listening while driving, studying, washing dishes, killing zombies, showering, etc. Two Steps from Hell has a piece for any situation or event I can think of. If you are a diehard TSFH fan, I would highly recommend buying this album asap. If you are new to TSFH or the "epic music" genre then I would recommend starting out with other albums from TSFH first such as Battlecry, Vanquish, or Invincible.	Highlights on the album: Nemesis, Jump!, Sons of War, Eternal Sorrow (this one is a beautiful, sad, amazing piece!), The Ancients, Ironheart, The World is Mind. There are no duds on this album.
0,great song.  better cover than the original by soundgarden.  basically the only Cash song i listen to.
0,pretty song
0,I had a hard time finding this song on Youtube but I found it here and purchased the song. I listen to this song everyday.
0,Good
0,Great song, a fun listen!
0,It is as advertised at a reasonable price.  The only drawback to Amazon music is the low bit and sample rates.  I wish they'd offer a high quality mp3 product, even if it's at a higher price.
0,I have over 500 Christmas songs on my iPod. Every year, I purchase a few more Christmas albums to add to the list. This year, I bought three Christmas albums from the group Chicago. Good stuff!
0,Best Spoon to date.  Great recording and lots of variety.  I suggest you sample the MP3s and then snag the hard copy to enjoy full strength music.
0,Great song, love Keith Urban
0,I love this song and had forgotten that the Bangles had done it. The whole band is first rate on this one. Never really paid much attention to the lyrics -- Amazon on the Kindle Fire HD makes that easy.
0,It doesn't get any better than Willie!  Great product and shipping!
0,lifts your spirits
0,This song helped me through a rough patch and is a great  song!
0,I CHOSE THIS ALBUM,ITS EASY LISTENING. HE WAS ARE GOOD ARTIST, UNFORTUNATLY NOTORIATY WASNT UNTIL HIS PASSING. I WOULD RECOMMEND HIS MUSIC.
0,AND NOW SHE STOPPED LOVING HIM TODAY.
0,Of course, I ordered because I like the music. I am pleased with purchase. hope to purchase more of sidewalk prophets.
0,good
0,Love this , I love this artist.
0,super song, with the best disco version
0,THE SONG YOU FIND YOURSELF SINGING TO GET YOURSELF THROUGH THE WEEK. MUSIC THAT CAN BE AROUND CHILDREN
0,Great dance song luv it !
0,My son loves this song.  It has made me love it all over again.  It makes him dance to the beat that's what he told me. So song makes us happy.
0,What can be said about this song and mr sinatra that not been said " outstanding  , heart felt , would what it to be the last song  i would hear before i depart this life ,because i also did it my way ,rest in peace mr sinatra, father and son now togather  in  god heaven ,
0,liked it
0,TRACKS:	1. Something's Gotta Give - Sammy Davis Jr.	2. Glendora - Perry Como	3. (You've Got) The Magic Touch - Platters	4. A Sweet Old Fashioned Girl - Teresa Brewer	5. That's Amore - Dean Martin	6. Teach Me Tonight - DeCastro Sisters	7. Sh-Boom - Crew-Cuts	8. I Could Have Danced All Night - Sylvia Syms	9. Band Of Gold - Don Cherry	10. Tonight You Belong To Me - Patience & Prudence	11. Say You're Mine Again - Perry Como & Ramblers	12. I'm A Fool To Care - Les Paul & Mary Ford	13. Seven Lonely Days - Georgia Gibbs	14. There'll Be No Teardrops Tonight - Tony Bennett	15. Jilted - Teresa Brewer	16. I Hear You Knocking - Gale Storm	17. Answer Me My Love - Nat King Cole	18. I'll Be Home - Pat Boone	19. The Man Upstairs - Kay Starr	20. Skokiaan - Ralph Marterie Wanted - Perry Como	21. Make Yourself Comfortable - Sarah Vaughn	22. Goodnight Sweetheart Goodnight - McGuire Sisters	23. Here - Tony Martin
0,For some reason I like this song.  I usually find his music vile and degrading to women. But the music is always good.
0,Love this classic track.
0,Love this song and this group!!
0,quite a few ole hits i remember on the radio !
0,I enjoyed this. Yes, they sound a little different than they did back in the day. You know what other band sounds a little different 20 years after their debut? ALL OF THEM!!!!		If you want to hear Blink 182 sound exactly like their did in the mid 90's, go get the Cheshire Car and Dude Ranch CD's. I promise you Blink 182 will sound EXACTLY like they did back in the day on those albums. It'll be like you took a ride in a time machine. Science!!!!		If you've grown up at all since 1995, and are willing to let your favorite bands grow a little as well, I think you'll like this 2016 album. It's a little different, but it's still them. The song themes are a little more mature, but then so am I. (I said a LITTLE more)		 Cynical - The beat really gets you going. The lyrics are pretty awesome as well. It's got a theme of "what's the point", hence the title 'Cynical'. It's a good song.		 Bored To Death - The lyrics here are really good. It's all about that feeling where nothing gets you excited, no matter how interesting it actually is. The chorus includes "Life is too short to last long". That sounds kind of dangerous...but then isn't life more fun that way? It's a really cool song. And the music rocks.		 She's Out Of Her Mind - The vocals are more prominent on this track, which works well because Matt Skiba is awesome. The song is one that anyone who's ever dated anyone is going to relate to pretty well. The whole song is awesome and is one of my favorites on the album.		 Los Angeles - This one didn't resonate with me. Maybe that's because I've spent a grand total of 24 hours in LA in my life. Maybe I just don't have the background to get it. The music wasn't particularly my favorite either. It's not a bad song. It's just not working for me.		 Sober - The theme here is "I messed up bad because I'm drunk. I would like to take a recess from this argument until I am sober enough to properly defend my moronic behavior." That's the verbose version, but it pretty well explains it. As long as you're not currently in or suffering from the effects of a seminal situation it ends up being pretty funny. And the music is awesome. It's a great song on this one.		 Built The Pool - The whole track is 16 seconds long. It will.....catch you off guard. Then you will laugh.		 No Future - Liked the music. The lyrics didn't do anything for me. Neither did the overall sound of the vocals. Overall this was one of the few 'misses' on this album for me. But music is a funny thing...you might think it's the best song ever and wouldn't be wrong.		 Home Is Such A Lonely Place - This is a much more mellow sound than the rest of the album. It's a beautiful song. The vocals are fantastic. The lyrics discuss a really dark situation with a relationship that isn't what it once was. It's sad, but beautifully done.		 Kings Of The Weekend - From the first riff of this track, it's awesome. The lyrics are all about having a great weekend that's so awesome it might kill you, where you are in charge of your own destiny for 48 hours unlike the rest of the week when responsibility is in charge. This is a great song to start your weekend with! (It's Friday when I'm listening to it for the first time. It's putting me in the right mood)		 Teenage Satellites - The vocals are put through a weird filter that I'm not loving. But the band is rocking it. The song is cool. It's one of my least favorites on the album but I don't hate it.		 Left Alone - Sounds really cool. They do a vocal harmony on this one that's working well. The band sounds great. The lyrics are really well written but aren't going to resonate with everyone. Even if the words don't reach you, the sound is awesome and it's still a good track.		 Rabbit Hole - The song opens with "Dear Head, shut up." It hooked me right from there because I can't recall how many times I've been in that mood, where I don't want to do the smart responsible thing. Sometimes I just want to react emotionally and not worry about the consequences!! This song is about that. And the music sounds great. This ended up being one of my favorites on the album. I love this track!		 San Diego - I've spent a lot more time in San Diego, but that wasn't what made me like this one. This song isn't really about the city, so much as the memories the singer has there with someone he once loved. San Diego is a euphemism for a happier time with an old love that he can't go back to. I've spent a lot of time in that San Diego too. This one resonated with me. It sounds awesome. Its' a great song.		 The Only Thing That Matters - I think this album is getting better towards the end because this is another one of my favorites. It's got a happy upbeat theme about a great love making everything right with your world. The music is probably the fasted paced on the album. It really gets you moving. It's another great song!		 California - They slowed it down for this on. The band takes a very back seat to the vocals here. It's very mellow music (I wasn't sure Blink 182 knew how to do that) It's a great song. It's beautifully sung. It's all about imagining the perfect life.		 Brohemian Rhasody - It's 30 seconds long. It's got one line. It's funny.		All in all, listen to this. Enjoy it.
0,Love it
0,Wonderful feel good music.
0,There are honestly some songs that sound even better after the original recording. But honestly, it takes a certain magic to absolutely ignite it from the heart, and make it all worth the effort, the patience, and the heart. For Elton John, he has honestly withstood the test of time in his music and with Bernie Taupin's lyrics, their songs have honestly been the greatest second-coming after The Beatles, with heart, voice, head and heart from time. For George Michael, he has done several of Elton and Bernie's songs live for years, from Tonight for the Two Rooms album in 1991, to Idol off of his Symphonica live album, but out of all of them, the most significant that still delivers all of this time is Don't Let The Sun Go Down On Me, which was done as a charity singer in regards to AIDS, which both of them suffered a magnificent loss with Freddie Mercury of Queen, losing his life in 1991. The duet still ignites from the heart, much better than all the joke duets recorded over the past few decades. If you have loved both Elton John and George Michael for years, than you'll absolutely love this song.		Song: A
0,This is a touching song written about the joy we can know now and the hope we havefor our eternal future.  very moving
0,GREAT FOOD!!
0,Love this song.
0,I enjoy this
0,Great song
0,I liked the music.  It has more instrumental songs than singing.  It took a very long time to download though.
0,great sound and easy to add to my collection
0,I'm giving this 5 stars for the wonderfully imaginative Stokowski recording of the Tchaikovsky 4th.  It's unlike any other recording ever made of the work and you'll either love it or hate it.  I'm firmly in the former category but for 99 cents, you should take a chance.	I bought it as an LP when it first came out, c 1971 and it's always been my favorite performance of the 4th.		That said, I'm not familiar with the other performances here but for this price, what have you got to lose?		And BTW, if they've fixed the Ives problem noted by another reviewer. let us know.
0,Love Michael Jackson!  Great song!
0,Love this song. This is one of my new jams for the new year. With Kanye, Jayz, and Big Sean I think it could be nothing but a hot hit.
0,Good song - Well sung
0,Classic!
0,Great guitar work
0,I'm 45 years old and not a rap lover. Never have been. I like Pop, Country, Rock, Classical, Blues and other types. This song is bravoness!
0,They don't have enough stars that I can give this song.  So beautiful.
0,I really enjoy listening to this song purchased it specifically to add to my praise and worship playlist it fits nicely in there.
0,Takes me back to teenager
0,Cannot complain about the amazon music... great with kindle also... prices are reasonable and love being able to pick songs I want without having to buy the whole album.
0,Great Music!
0,What? Great Artist!!! We love Carrie. Any song. Thank you Amazon for letting Pandora work with you for us to be able to get music at a good rate!
0,Excellent song!!
0,That son stuck on my head up to the point I had to get the album and you know what.. it's great!
0,a person knows that i like up beat, modern style orchrastra and opera music.  they sent me a u-tube link for these 2 guys.  wholly molly--THESE GUYS ARE FANTASTIC.  they play all different genre ONLY ON THE 2 CELLOS.  they play AC/DC THUNDERSTRUCK USING ONLY THE 2 CELLOS--WATCH THE VIDEO IT IS GREAT.  THEY PLAY WITH OR WITHOUT YOU-THIS IS FANTASTIC.  i am usually not impressed and VERY selective in the music i listen to..BUT THESE 2 GUYS ARE FANTASTIC.  i was so impressed that i bought both their albums.  and bought 2 other songs.  elton john saw them on u-tube and was so impressed that he hired them to open ALL his shows and concerts.  and most of the songs are played only on the 2 cellos.  watch u-tube  and see how they get the drum and other instrument sounds from just the 2 cellos.  it will amaze you.  plus for you gals out there--the wife advises that they are great to look at while playing--yes they are good looking
0,Pretty Reckless is one of my favorite bands. I still can't believe that that's little Cindy Lou. Heaven Knows is one of those rock songs that you have to roll your windows down for so the world can hear it as you sing at the top of your lungs. Taylor Momsen is also amazing in concert! One of the few artists that sound the same live and they do on their cd.
0,I bought this song because of sock puppets. SOCK PUPPETS. If you don't get that reference, watch Pitch Perfect and then you can buy the song too.
0,I've always loved this song by Hal and it still sounds up to date as far as country music goes. I don't listen to much country but the song is the bomb!
0,love the song and was easy to download that's about it.  What else is there to say, it's a music download
0,Awesome Song!!!
0,A great song to sing at Karaoke.
0,Great beat. Great lyrics.  Great tempo to get anyone moving and keep you on that treadmill. Great song.  Buy it!
0,I listen to this song all the time. More great beach country from Chesney. It makes you feel young and in puppy love again. Kenny took his music off of Spotify, so this is a great way to listen to it.
0,Nice music
0,Good song. Great lyrics.  Anyone who likes a rough voiced country son will enjoy.
0,Hey I no the song is way I bout IT.
0,Very Good!
0,Who does not love this song by Rod Stewart? I love it.
0,The best yet!
0,Great old school song
0,I love, love this song it is so up lifting! On a bad day just hearing lifts me up to the sky!
0,Great Music
0,Good purchase.  Glad to find online cheaper than in other places.  My boys like this cd and they wanted it.
0,the best ever .. love it!!
0,George Benson "(born March 22, 1943) is a ten time Grammy Award winning American musician whose production career began at the age of twenty-one as a jazz guitarist. Benson first came to prominence in the 1960s playing soul jazz with the likes of Jack McDuff. Benson then launched a successful solo career, alternating between jazz, pop, R&B singing, and scat singing. This one-time child prodigy topped the Billboard 200 in 1976 with the triple-platinum album, `Breezin.' He was also a major live attraction in the UK during the 1980s and continues to attract a large following today."		These five tracks display George Benson's great talent; this music is really good! "On Broadway" has a terrific beat and George sings this with lots of genuine passion. There's also the hauntingly beautiful "This Masquerade;" I could never tire of hearing George perform this song and no one could ever do it better than George does! "Turn Your Love Around" picks up the tempo a bit and this catchy tune still gets lots of airplay today. "Turn Your Love Around" is an excellent song. "Breezin'" is very well done and the track set ends with George Benson performing "Give Me the Night." Give Me the Night" just plain sounds good and I always like to hear this number.		George Benson is a brilliant artist and hopefully he will perform for many years to come. Diehard fans will likely have these songs so this music is best suited for the casual fan or relative newcomers just discovering George Benson. I highly recommend his music.
0,Well that was fun, sometimes you just want this kind of song.
0,Love this song.
0,Good music.
0,song I grew up with
0,Updated and improved! We apologize for the handful of playback errors that were reported. The Bach Guild is pleased to let you know that all errors are now corrected! Please enjoy Big Bach Set, and our other fine Big Box releases.
0,Awesome
0,Kool ssong
0,Gr8
0,excellent  over of a great song
0,Mary Mary's "Shackles" is one of several gospel songs that made music history by merging hip-hop rhythms to a gospel theme that isn't all sweetness and light but nevertheless leaves the listening feeling victorious.  A great piece of music!
0,GREAT
0,My 5 year old son thinks this is the best Christmas song ever...he listens to it no matter what season.  I would definitely say this is a Christmas Classic...everyone needs in their Christmas Music Library!
0,I heard this song on the radio and wanted to download it to my ipod.  Amazon makes downloading MP3's very easy and they usually have what I'm looking for!  I like being able to purchase one song instead of an entire CD.
0,One of those songs that I loved growing up, brings back memories
0,Alays liked this song
0,I have been a BIG FAN of Chicago since I was in high school. I can listen to them all day and night.
0,Good things come back around, now in the commercial for Playstation game Knack!
0,Love all the old songs!
0,The intensity of this love song makes my hair stand on end. Beautiful, soulful harmonies. See the video to get the full impact.
0,Makes me feel all nostalgic inside. I have loved this song for a long time and the sound quality rocks!! If you like the song, buy it! You won't be disappointed.
0,Wistful and dreamy. Always reminds me of a button from the 1964-65 New York Worlds Fair.
0,gotta love this song a playboy who falls in love all time favorite. this download has a whole verse of the song I never heard before yes get this download here.
0,"The Suburbs" is Arcade Fire's much acclaimed third album. It's a relatively long album, which plays for about one hour; so it may take some time to get a good overview of the music.	If you got the grip of the very exciting debut album "Funeral", you should be likely to enjoy more music in the same genre. It can be difficult to describe the music in few words, but groups like Velvet Underground and Talking Heads must be among the inspiration sources. The sound may seem a bit scratched at times, but the numbers are quite varied, ranging from the very melodic to the noisy and punked.		An important prerequisite for being able to keep Arcade Four right, I think, is that you appreciate the two singers of the group, of whom Win Butler obviously is the most important one. The female voice, R&eacute;gine Chassagne, may appear a little flimsy, but she also possesses a speciality that some will enjoy and others dislike. Personally, I'm a fan of both of them, especially when they deal with melodic songs with the group; On this album one could highlight "Half Light", "Suburban War", "Deep Blue", "We Used to Wait" and "Sprawl II".	In general, you might say that Arcade Fire is a group that sets certain demands for its listeners; Not much easy listening here.
0,I have never seen the movie, "The Martian". I may never see it (not really my taste). But I'm so happy to know they used this tune in the soundtrack and many younger listeners are being turned onto Bowie because of it. I was barely a teenager when Ziggy arrived (although I was a fan in 1969), and together with Mott the Hoople and T Rex saved our collective butts from the merciless onslaught of Osmonds and Partridges. Listening to this is like listening to a piece of my heart. But memories aside, I will say this is a wonderful remaster; very well done and is still great traveling music. If you loved it then, you'll love it even more now - as if that's possible, but it is. Good night, our Starman.
0,great song with high energy. I enjoy listen to it whether i am at home cleaning the house, driving in my car or while working out
0,Have had this CD for less than 3 days, mind made up, best of this genre that I have heard this year.		Some die-hard Chi fans are berating this effort because it doesn't duplicate the sounds of CTA-II-V-VII-VII (Guercio) or the 17-21 (Foster) sounds.  I knew that Scheff and Champlin had the makings of giving this band new life, given the right production and management.		This band has finally, (under Jay DeMarcus production) with XXX, come into their own. Of note, checking the Rascall Flatts website, DeMarcus profile shows that Chicago and David Foster were two of his major influences.  It shows on this production.		The STRONG voices of Lamm, Champlin and Scheff, with the addition of TOTO members Bobby Kimball and Joseph Williams, and the Rascal Flatts singers makes for as strong a vocal production they have done since Cetera's departure, breaking new ground for the band.  Instrumentally, the bands already strong skills are supplanted by  some of Nashville's best hired guns on guitar and drums.		Stylistically, they cover Trip-Hop-Pop, Power Ballads, Power Pop, New Country, Jazz Fusion, and Blues Rock.  This kind of diversity is unheard of in todays' music scene.		"Love Will Come Back" with Rascal Flatts on vocals has the makings of a new country hit. Expect it to be the most added song to New Country playlists		"Caroline" as the makings of a Power Pop anthem. Renegade rock stations stand the best chance of adding this to playlists.		"King of Might Have Been" is another stand-out, Scheff power ballad.		"Feel", the first single, has the best chance on the Adult Contemporary scene, with its updated beat and production values.		"90 Degrees and Freezing" is a Lamm Jazz-Fusion piece which reminds you of the roots of the band back inthe 60's and early 70's. Maybe Jazz and Public stations will play this, too complex and tight for AAA, too hip and edgy for AC.		Other material is very good, not just "filler" but it's doubtful any of it will ever get airplay.		All in all, a very pleasant surprise to critical listeners.  No corners were cut on this production, and Warner/Rhino seems to be doing a good job at promoting it.  Just hope they can break them back into the spotlight.
0,Calvin Harris is a musical genius!  So far every song he's produced has hit the right cord within me.  His music always makes me want to get up and move!  He's a big favorite with my two children also--ages 7 and 4.
0,Great music!!!!!
0,Great Upbeat Song.
0,This song talks about the best and worst moments in a love. Simple lyrics sung in a delicate soft voice. This song never gets old.
0,Excellent Christian rock song.
0,Great song
0,On many websites this song gets a mediocre to poor rating.  I was a teenager when this song came, out, but it was always a signature song for the women's movement, and me emerging as a women.  The sound is better than I remember.
0,A+
0,This song is so beautiful!!  If I ever marry again,I definitely will be having this song.
0,Gorgeous song and well done by Dianna Ross.  She was at the top of her solo career and this song became one of her anthems.  If you are a fan, don't leave this out of your collection.
0,Love it and I love my Kindle Fire.  Best Gift I ever bought for me.  I bought my Kindle Fire with what little insurance money from my mom when she & my brother pass in October 2011.  I used the last few hunderd dollars to buy this.  Thank you so much.  Maybe on day I will upgrade to the Kindle fire HD.  On my (Wish List)
0,AWESOME
0,Classic! Psych, Futurama, Chuck, and more pop culture uses!
0,Merle Haggard wrote this song about a young guy trying to get through life despite a few missteps.  He eventually finds himself and love on the sandy shores of Mexico.  Although others have recorded this song,  nobody does it better than George Straight.  Actually, country music as a whole doesn't get any better than George Straight!	Every time I listen to this song I want to pack up a van and head south on down to Old Mexico!
0,Great Song
0,To categorize "Defeated No More" as simply electronic and/or dance (or any other existing category) would be to understate the sheer novelty of the music.  The slow and steady tempo helps to keep the song from seeming overly long at six minutes, but that's not the only thing that keeps it from seeming like a song that lasts too long.  The song has a very unique and original sound, with new-age accents thrown in here and there.  It is fascinating, and it makes you want to hear what's going to happen next.  Although the song lasts for six minutes, the time seems to fly by, as you get lost in the music.		The song is very laid-back, but the insistent rhythmic thumping of the padded bass drum pedal calls you to dance.  The percussions also include clapping (or keyboards made to sound like clapping), which is a good technique for engaging an audience.  To cap it off, the cymbals are played with brushes rather than drum sticks.  As the brush hits the cymbal, it has the effect of softening and diffusing that sharply precise <TWACK> that is more typically produced by drummers using drum sticks.		The vocals are interesting, too.  The message in the lyrics matches the style of the music quite well.  The song is about a woman who broke up with a man and hurt him badly, and she wants to get back together.  Instead of allowing her to see that she still has an effect on him, he is taking it slow and easy, and allowing the fire to build back up, while always maintaining control of his emotions to see if she is capable of committing to him.  Both of the brothers have very pleasant voices, and one of them is even able to maintain the quality of his voice in the falsetto range.		I'm so amazed this was offered as part of a free promotion!  Thank you!  Extremely highly recommended!
0,This is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to. The best songs on this disc are all of them
0,Purchased for my 7-year-old niece's MP3 player this past Christmas.  Clear download, nice song, decent price, no problems completing transaction.
0,Love it, you know Chris Tomlin is good!
0,Great song
0,love
0,Great music.
0,I have been looking for this song for a long time. A quick check here and it popped up. I love the fact that I can find the old stuff I grew to know and love.
0,Great song from the 70's.
0,this was a downloaded song so I do not know why I would have to do a review for it
0,Great song.  Sexy and intense with that really cool, mellow steel drum beat.  Awesome!
0,one of my faves
0,Adding composer information since Amazon does not include it in their product listings.		1 Henry Purcell  -  Trumpet Tune and Air in D Major	2 Vincenzo Galilei  -  Fantasia Ottava	3 William Brade  -  The Bartered Bride, Act III: Dance of the Comedians	4 William Byrd  -  Galiarda	5 John Dowland  -  Welcome Home, P. 66	6 Claudio Monteverdi  -  L'Incoronazione di Poppea, Act II: Gran Scena di Seneca - "Solitudine Amata"	7 Johann Pachelbel  -  Canon in D Major	8 Johann Sebastian Bach  -  Cantata No. 147, BWV 147 - Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring	9 Antonio Vivaldi  -  The Four Seasons, Op. 8, Concerto No. 1 in E Major, RV 269 "Spring": I. Allegro	10 George Frideric Handel  -  Xerxes, HWV 40, Act I: Largo - "Ombra Mai Fu"	11 Jean-Philippe Rameau  -  Dardanus, Scene III, Act V: Tambourin	12 Tomaso Albinoni  -  Adagio in G Minor	13 Georg Philipp Telemann  -  Suite in D Major for Two Trumpets, Strings and Continuo: I. Overture	14 Arcangelo Corelli  -  Concerto Grosso, Op. 6, No. 8: IV. Pastorale	15 Tommaso Giordani  -  Caro mio ben	16 Christoph Willibald Gluck  -  Orpheus and Euridice, Act II: Dance of the Blessed Spirits	17 Luigi Boccherini  -  String Quintet No. 5 in E Major, Op. 11: III. Minuet	18 Johann Ditters von Dittersdorf  -  Harp Concerto in B-Flat Major: II. Larghetto	19 Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart  -  Piano Sonata No. 11 in A Major, K. 331: III. Alla turca - Allegretto	20 Joseph Haydn  -  Serenade, Op. 15: No. 7	21 Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart  -  Serenade No. 13 in G Major, K. 525, "Eine kleine Nachtmusik": I. Allegro	22 Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart  -  Piano Concerto No. 21 in C Major, K. 467, "Elvira Madigan": II. Andante	23 Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart  -  The Marriage of Figaro, K. 492: Overture	24 Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart  -  Don Giovanni, K. 527, Act I: Duet Don Giovanni & Zerlina - "La Ci Darem La Mano" (Instrumental Version)	25 Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart  -  Symphony No. 40 in G Minor, K. 550: I. Molto allegro	26 Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart  -  Clarinet Concerto in A Major, K. 622: II. Adagio	27 Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart  -  Cosi Fan Tutte, K. 588: Terzet Guglielmo, Ferrando & Don Alfonso - "Una bella Serenata"	28 Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart  -  The Magic Flute, K. 620, Act II: Chorus of the Priests - "O Isis und Osiris"	29 Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart  -  Ave Verum Corpus, K. 618	30 Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart  -  Requiem Mass in D Minor, K. 626: VII. Lacrimosa	31 Joseph Haydn  -  Symphony No. 94 in G Major, Hob. I/94 "Surprise": II. Andante	32 Joseph Haydn  -  String Quartet in C Major, Hob. III/77, Op. 76, No. 3 "Emperor": II. Poco adagio cantabile	33 Ludwig van Beethoven  -  Fidelio, Op. 72b: Overture	34 Ludwig van Beethoven  -  Piano Sonata No. 14 in C-Sharp Minor, Op. 27, No. 2 "Moonlight Sonata": I. Adagio sostenuto	35 Ludwig van Beethoven  -  Symphony No. 5 in C Minor, Op. 67: I. Allegro con brio	36 Ludwig van Beethoven  -  Bagatelle No. 25 in A Minor, WoO 59, "F&uuml;r Elise"	37 Franz Schubert  -  German Dance No. 1 in C Major, D. 90	38 Jean Martini  -  Plaisir d'Amour	39 Gioacchino Rossini  -  The Barber of Seville: Overture	40 Niccolo Paganini  -  Violin Concerto No. 1 in D Major, Op. 6: II. Adagio espressivo	41 Carl Maria von Weber  -  Der Freisch&uuml;tz, Act III : Bridal Chorus - "Wir winden dir den Jungfernkranz"	42 Franz Schubert  -  Symphony No. 8 in B Minor, D. 759, "Unfinished": I. Allegro moderato	43 Gioacchino Rossini  -  William Tell, Act III: Soldier's Dance	44 Daniel Francois Esprit Auber  -  Fra Diavolo: Overture	45 Vincenzo Bellini  -  Norma, Act I: Norma's Aria - "Casta Diva"	46 Frederic Chopin  -  Waltz No. 1 in E-Flat Major, Op. 18, "Grande Valse Brillante"	47 Gaetano Donizetti  -  L'Elisir d'Amore, Act II: Nemorino's Aria - "Una Furtiva Lagrima"	48 Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdy  -  Symphony No. 4 in A Major, Op. 90 "Italian": I. Allegro vivace	49 Robert Schumann  -  Scenes of Childhood, Op. 15: VII. Tr&auml;umerei	50 Albert Lortzing  -  Tsar and Carpenter, Act III:  Dance of the Clogs	51 Giuseppe Verdi  -  Nabucco, Act III: Chorus of the Hebrew Slaves - "Va Pensiero"	52 Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdy  -  A Midsummer Night's Dream, Op. 61, Act V: Wedding March	53 Giuseppe Verdi  -  I Lombardi, Act III: Chorus - "Jerusalem! Jerusalem!"	54 Richard Wagner  -  The Flying Dutchman, WWV 63: Overture	55 Franz Liszt  -  Hungarian Rhapsody No. 2 in C-Sharp Minor, S. 244	56 Robert Schumann  -  Album for the Young, Op. 68: No. 10 "The Happy Farmer "	57 Otto Nicolai  -  The Merry Widows of Windsor, Act III: Moon Choir - "O Sch&ouml;ner Mond"	58 Giacomo Meyerbeer  -  Le Proph&egrave;te: Marche du couronnement	59 Franz Liszt  -  Liebestraum No. 3 in A-Flat Major, S. 541, "Love Dream": III. Poco allegro, con affetto	60 Richard Wagner  -  Lohengrin, WWV 75, Act III: Prelude and Bride Chorus - Treulich gef&uuml;hrt	61 Giuseppe Verdi  -  Rigoletto, Act III: Duca's Aria - "La Donna e Mobile"	62 Johann Sebastian Bach|Charles Gounod  -  Ave Maria No. 1 in C Major, BWV 846: M&eacute;ditation sur le Premier Pr&eacute;lude de Bach	63 Giuseppe Verdi  -  La Traviata, Act I: Preludio	64 Giuseppe Verdi  -  Il Trovatore, Act II: Gypsy Chorus - "Vedi! Le Fosche Notturne"	65 Giuseppe Verdi  -  I Vespri Siciliani, Act V: Elena's Siciliana - "Merc&egrave;, Dilette Amiche"	66 Anton Rubinstein  -  Melody in F Major, Op. 3: No. 1	67 Jaqcues Offenbach  -  Orpheus in the Underworld, Act I: Overture	68 Johann Strauss II  -  Tritsch-Tratsch Polka, Op. 214	69 Charles Gounod  -  Faust, Act I: Chorus - "Vien Ou Bi&egrave;re"	70 Giuseppe Verdi  -  La Forza del Destino, Act IV: Leonora's Aria - "Pace, Pace, Mio Dio"	71 Edvard Grieg  -  I Love You, Op. 41: No. 3	72 Richard Wagner  -  Tristan und Isolde, WWV 90: Overture	73 Friedrich Smetana  -  The Bartered Bride, Act I: Polka	74 Johannes Brahms  -  Waltz in A-Flat Major, Op. 39: No. 15	75 Franz von Suppe  -  Light Cavalry, Act I: Overture	76 Johann Strauss II  -  An Der Sch&ouml;nen Blauen Donau Waltz, Op. 314	77 Johannes Brahms  -  Hungarian Dances, WoO 1, No. 5 in G Minor: Allegro	78 Richard Wagner  -  The Valkyrie, WWV 86b, Act III: Ride of the Valkyries	79 Giuseppe Verdi  -  Aida, Act I: Chorus of the Priests - "Possenthe Fth&aacute;"	80 Georges Bizet  -  LArlesienne Suite No. 2, Op. 23: IV. Farandole	81 Johann Strauss II  -  Die Fledermaus, Op. 362, Act I: Overture	82 Friedrich Smetana  -  Ma Vlast in E Major: II. Die Moldau	83 Georges Bizet  -  Carmen, Act I: Habanera Chorus - "L'amour Est Un Oiseau Rebelle"	84 Leo Delibes  -  Sylvia, Act III: No. 14b, "Cort&egrave;ge de Bacchus"	85 Edvard Grieg  -  Peer Gynt Suite No. 1, Op. 46: I. Morning Mood	86 Peter Tchaikovsky  -  Swan Lake, Op. 20, Act II: XIII. Dance of the Swans	87 Camille Saint-Saens  -  Samson et Dalila, Op. 47, Act II: Dalila's Aria - "Mon Coeur S'ouvre"	88 Peter Tchaikovsky  -  Eugen Onegin, Op. 24, Act I, Scene III: Servant Girls' Chorus - "Dyevitsi, Krasavitsi"	89 Jacques Offenbach  -  The Tales of Hoffmann, Act II: Barcarole	90 Richard Wagner  -  Parsifal, WWV 11, Act III: Chorus of the Knights - "Geleiten Wir"	91 Antonin Dvorak  -  Slavonic Dance in G Minor, B. 78, Op. 46: No. 8	92 Camille Saint-Saens  -  Carnival of the Animals: XIII. The Swan	93 Peter Tchaikovsky  -  The Nutcracker, Op. 71a: XIII. Waltz of the Flowers	94 Antonin Dvorak  -  Symphony No. 9 in E Minor, Op. 95, B. 178, "From the New World": II. Largo (Excerpt)	95 Jules Massenet  -  Thais, Act II: Meditation	96 Jean Sibelius  -  Finlandia, Op. 26: No. 7	97 Serge Rachmaninov  -  Piano Concerto No. 2 in C Minor, Op. 18: II. Adagio sostenuto	98 Edward Elgar  -  Pomp and Circumstance March in D Major, Op. 39: No. 1	99 Gustav Mahler  -  Symphony No. 5 in C-Sharp Minor, Part III: IV. Adagietto	100 Maurice Ravel  -  Bolero, M. 81
0,I love the ocean and all the sounds nature brings to us.  It's great to play in the background, especially when I can't open my own windows and enjoy the birds chirping.  The waves are a huge added bonus.
0,Great Album from my fav. band of all time. Lets hope those smucks in Cleveland wake up in put DP in the hall. Long overdue !!!
0,Jazzy! Nice to be able to play the free Amazon Holiday Music in the car using the Car Mp3 Player Fm Transmitter Modulator with USB Sd Slot
0,I love this "box" of performances so. They are so lovely and charming. Beautifully arranged in lovely sound this has become my favorite of all my "compilation" Baroque discs (not to mention by far the largest). I don't remember what I paid for this but $40 would be reasonable... A wonderful collection of great performances. Thank you Bach guild!
0,I like the words. A very uplifting song with words from a biblical sense. Get this song and you will be playing.
0,great
0,What can I say?  I graduated from HS and went on the college in the middle of the age of disco.		Play that Funky Music was #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #1 on the R&B charts the same year.  "Play That Funky Music" hit #1 on the charts in 1976 and ended up in the #5 slot for the top 100 songs of 1976.  It is also listed at #73 of the top rock songs of all time.		This music is classified as funk-rock, a cross between disco and rock, and probably the best example of this that there is.		Yeah, "Play that funky music, white boy!"		5 stars, mainly for nostalgia and staying power.
0,Every song I buy and download from Amazon is wonderful. Great selections and with ease of use. This one is no exception. The MP3 download is complete and whole in everyway. I love using Amazon's Cloud player downloads above any other music download sites. A+++++++++++++
0,great song
0,Love this song. His voice is amazing
0,GOOD
0,great duet by two of the top R&B artist.....listen to the lyrics!
0,Great song!
0,I like this song
0,When I was looking for Neon Moon I found this and had to have it too!!!  "Let's go boot scootin'"
0,Rockin' to the song from Gentlemen Broncos.
0,Great song.
0,The song is absolutely beautiful -- this particular recording is clear and crisp -- sounds awesome on my iRiver -- highly recommend this download!
0,Great song
0,Great song
0,MOTRHEAD create some great stuff on the 2000's......WE ARE MOTRHEAD, INFERNO and this one, MOTORIZER are great great HEAVY METAL HARDCORE pieces!!!! Lemmy is a gifted songwriter and his mates are amazing musicians....All the songs ROCKS here!!!! GREAT GREAT MOTRHEAD!!!!!!!
0,Freaked me out! Didn't realize this was/or could be Adam Levin from the show! LOL		Great voice, well done piece!
0,I found this oldie but goodie on Amazon Digitals music and it sounded so good to hear it again I tried the sample and I'm glad I did
0,Watching the television show with my children I fell in love with this song. How many of you ladies have felt this way about an annoying man on your tail. Gets my five star rating. And appropriate for school age children. I love this song. I would recommend this song to all ladies. I can listen to this over and over again and again. Get it Buy it!
0,I love this song for many reasons. One of the important ones would be content. They lyrics, as sad as they are, they are very heartfelt and beautifully chosen. This isn't one of their popular songs for nothin' ;) Definitely recommend for any and all music libraries!
0,Awesome!
0,(My First Listen, Wasn't good,)	 I did as I do with every music disc I buy,  I listen to a Bit, and Move to the next to get a feel for the over all content, (( YOU CAN DO THAT WITH THIS RELEASE ))  "Try to look at this Disc as ONE UNIT," Not exactly 1 song, but all parts of a Whole work. They fit.. ( IN SEQUENCE ) if you try to listen in Shuffle mode.. (( AS I DID FIRST RUN THROUGH.. )) It will come off disjointed, and fragmented, "I actually DIDN'T LIKE IT"  Pour yourself or pack your self your favorite recreational, turn off the lights, light a candle .. and Diver in to the endless river.
0,great song !
0,I'm a fan of good music
0,good music
0,Classic freddy
0,Great song
0,Awesome song.  Great with daily devotion.  I believe this song is inspired by the Holy Spirit.  Also, I listen to this song while working.
0,This was another one of those songs that made you say Woah! when you first heard it. The 12 string guitar and that different sound that it imparted made this song a standout.  And the meaning of the song was always debatable.
0,Love it.
0,I used this in a wedding video for a client. It really improved the video!
0,rest in peace teena marie love your stuff but tended to like the stuff that was not played on the radio
0,love it
0,Great song....Downloads are so easy on Amazon. Couple clicks then play. Superb. Burned discs and able to play in my cars and share with friends.
0,He put into words what some kids think. To be included in things. And the story puts it to the heart.
0,This is a Halloween track
0,Love happens
0,Wouldn't have got it if I didn't like it, right?
0,I had never heard of Far East Movement before hearing this infectious club hit on the way home from work the other night and I was just dumbstruck.  No, this song is not BRILLIANT, but it hits hard in all the right places!  The beat is banging and the lyrics are catchy (that chorus is just flawless) and it definitely carries the whole atmosphere of the club home with you.  I totally see this as the party anthem of the year, and maybe a few to come.  I can't wait to dive into a sea of sweaty people while this track plays over the sound-system.
0,I love my music and enjoy listening to Ole school classics
0,Great song
0,Thanks
0,This is a badass album from start to finish. I'd highly recommend you check this album out. You will not be disappointed.
0,Great songs!
0,Reminds me alot of Queen, so it was cool to have a modern band with a classic sound. Try it, you might like it.
0,I purchased this the day it became available.  It was very exciting to see my baroque music collection grow by over 200 more songs.  I own several of the Bach Guild "boxes" and plan to own many more in the near future.  They are quite a bargain.  The performances are high-quality and they tend to select a decent variety of music for each box (side note - Big Haydn Box is by FAR my favorite, if you are reading this and don't already own it, shame on you!  You don't know what you are missing!).  But back to this one - I have to admit I am not really into the vocal stuff.  That's not to say it's not great music, I'm just not a big fan of vocal music with a few exceptions.  But the instrumental pieces on this album by far make it worth it to me.
0,doPe
0,Great "oldie but goodie", brings back good memories of the past.
0,Great song!!
0,Bonnie has that certain sound to her singing and I like it.
0,I have a soft spot in my heart for this song but I didn't get that soft spot in a good way.  Back in the 1970s, we were preparing for prom. Our theme song was to be "Hotel California" by The Eagles. However, we were told that our choice was too risque for our high school prom. We had to go back to the drawing board. Finally, our buddy James Taylor and "Shower The People" proved to be acceptable to our teachers and faculty. The real irony is that Taylor's lyric "if it feels nice, don't think twice" made it right past their censor noses. I chuckle about that to this day. And I have to admit that this really is a good song. In its soft rock genre, I would call it a standout song. It is worthy of being in your collection. Taylor is no slouch of a musician.
0,One of my many favs of his!
0,I already owned some of Chopin works. This set rounds out and puts all in one place. The quality of the performances is excellent. Super relaxing, exceptional for nighttime before bed.
0,I love this song! After watching the movie and hearing it at the end I had to look it up, and was not surprised to see it was Lana Del Ray. I like a few of her other songs, but I just love her voice. Very haunting and dramatic in this song,
0,One of my favorites
0,This, of course, us a great song, but also a great download! The quality is outstanding, and better even than the cd I own... I own an original copy if the album, but when ever I burned it to my computer, the quality was just never very impressive, so I decided to buy the mp3, and was very impressed!!! Much better!
0,great song. Thank you!!
0,GREAT
0,I played this song over and over again.  I saw the show and tears came to my eyes.  Great job.
0,Love this cd
0,I've followed BJork's career since here "Debut" album, and have yet to find an album by her as beautiful as this one.	 My top pics from the album:	 -"Overture" and "New World" (which builds on the same musical theme as the first one, but with built-in lyrics) - there are no words to describ the beauty of these two tracks... I can picture myself transported to the most beautiful landscapes on Earth when listening to them.	 -"I've seen it all" sounds so much like a Peter Gabriel tune...	 -"Smith and Wesson" is a good-old BJork as it gets in this album.
0,This is one of my favorite songs. It is catchy, both lyrically and musically. I consider it to be one of my most favorite songs, but I am biased that way.
0,cool
0,Very pleased with the music!!!  Anytime Kenny Chesney sings a song, he makes it a hit!!
0,Great!
0,Excellent
0,Always Enjoy An Evening With Red Red Wine!  Sing this song when I am cleaning house and need inspired to complete it and relax
0,ok
0,This song brings back alot of memories.  Jeff Healey really has a lot of heart in his singing.  I would recommend this song.
0,I'm not a bluegrass fan per se'.  Sure, i dabbled in some Old Crow Medicine Show in the past and owned all of the Nickel Creek CD's in the past...even saw them live about 8 years ago and was impressed...but just like they moved in different directions, so did I.  So...i was completey shocked to see them back together after NOT following them for so long.		Again, here is a solid, good CD by a group of talented musicians and singers.  Where "Hayloft" tends to stand out to most here in a bad way, I actually LOVED the song from first listen.  Yeah..it's poppy..but...I also liked their live version of Britney's "Toxic"...so...I guess I'm poppy.		Chris continues to impress with his out-of-this world style.  With Nickel Creek, solo or with The Punches, he continues to bring bluegrass/folk/country/pop to places most cant even imagine.		Great to have these guys back.
0,These must-have albums are excellent, but they could prove to be an excellent part of a final exam in a music history class.  Knowing that something is a Concerto in D doesn't tell you much unless you know the music well.  I was patting myself on the back everytime I recognized a piece.
0,great
0,great
0,I use these songs for Group x classes...
0,I have always liked A.R.S.among my favorites of the southern rock bands.
0,Like many people, I bought several Badfinger numbers after viewing the finale of Breaking Bad.
0,I will always love the subtle firmness of these words and Deniece Williams' delivery of them!! Gorgeous song forever & ever!!
0,This, of course, us a great song, but also a great download! The quality is outstanding, and better even than the cd I own... I own an original copy if the album, but when ever I burned it to my computer, the quality was just never very impressive, so I decided to buy the mp3, and was very impressed!!! Much better!
0,i have always have loved his music and always will, an oldie but goodie. I like being able to pick the ones that I like best
0,From one of My Fav Movies!! I Love This Song!!
0,Brings back old memories of the 70's when it's all about dancing and disco. I'm glad I found it to enjoy this type of music again.
0,Heard it on the radio, just had to buy it! Part of the soundtrack of my youth. Buy it now!
0,It's great to be able to purchase a single song. I use these to create memory movies, such as this was for our daughter's graduations.
0,It's Excellent and one of my favorite songs. I really enjoy 80's music when I was growing up and going to High School.
0,Outstanding piano playing by a true master. Smooth as silk.
0,Love this song.  Love the lyrics and the beat.  Just an overall great song.
0,I grew up in the 60's & 70's so this is the kind of music I enjoy.  Good Memories here
0,To all those haters out there ... the words tell the whole story.. The venue for my Retirement Celebration was My House even if it was for one evening.  We had a great time ...food, music, games, and golf!
0,Good Cd don`t download music glad i can still but CD
0,I love these couple and will support any duel by them. Wish they perform more duel in the future, maybe include Blue Ivey too.
0,Great voice. I love this song from the 70's.
0,I chose this rating because it makes me so happy to hear it knowing that it was mine and my husband song who is no longer with me, but brings so many wonderful memories back
0,one of my favorite songs by the late great Teena Marie. the music and vocals are fantastic. this should be a classic
0,Good song to drum to.
0,R&B LEDGEND. MAXWELL LIKE MARVIN GAYE IS IN A CLASS ALL BY HIMSELF. I COULD LISTEN TO HIM ON 2 OCCASIONS.......DAY & NIGHT!
0,I hope Bon Jovi makes songs for the rest of their lives, they are still great song writers.  I love the simplicity of this song and the arrangment.  It's absolutely beautiful.
0,This song from start to finish is history good and not so good.	Fast upbeat tempo, there is just something about this song.	I can relate to some of the things as I have survived during those times and can remember them.
0,U knw that u didn't go wrong on this purchase cuz of the soulful artists so enough said n I highly recommend it
0,Excellent rendition,
0,love it
0,Not one of Andy's best but still loved it!
0,She is a good artist and love her music.
0,This song will bring tears to your eyes. Joey is one hell of a song writer but also she sings from the heart. She will be missed when she is gone.
0,Very pleased
0,I liked the music and variety it offered.  Very good value for the price and easy to download onto my player.
0,This was a gift.  Enjoyable!
0,This song sounds great on my computer, television (via Roku), cell phone and Kindle. This was definitely a great find! I am so glad that I purchased it!
0,yeah!!!
0,love this song and amazon rocks for offering single downloads for a dollar but they make a lot of money why couldn't it be like 50 cents really amazon
0,very good as always i am sad that michael is no longer with us.
0,Great song.
0,A very nice very passionate song.  Rob sings it very well.
0,Just really good
0,I remember this song from when I was growing up.  It brings back a lot of good memory.
0,Expedited delivery and description was accurate.
0,I love this old song.  It is haunting and emotional.  I recommend this fine tune to one and all.  I hope you enjoy it!
0,A member of one of the most famous families from Bohemia, Franz Benda (1709-1789) entered into the service of Frederick the Great in 1732. As a violin master, he played some 50,000 performances over a forty year period. He also wrote a lot of violin music, 110 solo capriccios, at least 150 sonatas, 31 duets and some 28 concertos, including this one in D Major.		With a crisply articulated intro, the Allegro ma non molto features a harpsichord continuo and string dominated orchestral support. As a transitional work from the Baroque, it contains more interplay between the single violin and the symphonic tutti than was the norm for the prevalent Italian style. Smoothly flowing, Bendas writing for the solo string is virtuosic without being showy, letting the melodic lines develop naturally. In the minor keyed Largo, the sweep of the orchestral accompaniment lends a somber weight to the throbbing vibrato of Gabriela Demeterova. With a dramatic pathos in the uppermost register, she brings a sorrowful sweetness in her tone that must be similar to the reported quality that set apart Bendas adagio playing. Horns appear for the brisk finale, a bright Allegro with bravura fiddling as the single violin drifts high on the E string.		A generation or two later, Bohemian born Vaclav Pichl (1741-1805) studied philosophy and theology in Prague before accepting a musical directorship in Milan. After 21 years, he returned to Vienna and died while playing a violin concerto at the Lobkowitz Palace.	His D Major Concerto Op. 3, No. 1 opens with a marching Allegro sostenuto, clipped and precise. While still employing the harpsichord as continuo, the writing finds even greater collaboration between the soloist and orchestra, engaging in extensive rhythmic interactions and trading melodic ideas, including one haunting echo in minor. A higher degree of technical proficiency of the single violin is also required.		A minor keyed charmer, the following Adagio finds striking support in the lower strings with a lovely countermelody while the ethereal vibrato of the solo sounds so much like the beating of angel wings. Ending the 2nd movement on an open cadence sets up a smooth transition as the resolution occurs in the sweetly pure tones from the violin, the very first notes of the concluding Rondo. Interrupting the relentless drive in the lower strings, a brief passage in minor offers a dark interlude in an otherwise cheery finale.		By another Bohemian, the final concerto represents the culmination of the Viennese High Classical style. Renowned as a teacher and violin virtuoso, Antonin Vranicky (1761-1820) composed some outstanding chamber music and challenging concertos, one of which is the C Major included on this recording.		Using tympani and winds to create a broader palette of orchestral colors, the work begins with a bold Allegro giusto. Amid a longer, more extensive development section, the soloist shines in the fiendishly difficult passage work while in the reverential Adagio that follows, the writing stretches the upper reaches of the instruments register. After a chorale like start, the weeping violin carries the movement until gentle horns lead to a serene close. Marked Alla Pollacca- Allegretto, the finale is a frisky Polish folk dance. With an appealing stutter step in the rhythm, this 3rd movement features a brief mournful interlude, dazzling flourishes from the violin and a rousing finish.		The original recording from 1995 from Supraphon is fine, placing the solo violin close enough for the intimate slower sections to be sharp and clear. Under the able artistic direction of Milan Lajcik, the Prague Chamber Orchestra brings an accomplished reading to their fellow countrymens concertos. But the spotlight rightfully belongs to the exquisite work of Gabriela Demeterova. This fine traversal of the development of the Viennese violin concerto is testimony to her artistry.		Please note that the 2008 edition includes a video bonus track of the bold Allegro giusto from Vranickys concerto in C Major.
0,This is a great song from Dierks Bentley
0,One of my favourite country songs ever!
0,This song has great bass and a kicking beat.  Great for driving or dancing. Great in every collection of party songs.
0,love Keyshia Cole
0,yes
0,Beautiful
0,Great song ,sounds great !
0,Just a great song.
0,There's something about David Essex's iconic single, "Rock On." Every time I hear it, I feel like I'm 19 years old again, fronting a killer rock and roll band. Even though we never performed the song, it's just the vibe, the attitude, the mood that it brings; I'm not sure if it's the bass line, the double tracked and echoed vocals, or the lyrics...		...oh, yeah. It's ALL of those things.		Rock on.
0,great song
0,Teen spirit has never smelled so good. By far their best album and having it remastered for the 20th anniversary is the icing.
0,Great! Worth download!
0,husband wanted one of the songs, we enjoyed the whole album.  This was our first time to purchase music from Amazon, good experience.
0,I sang this song at camp growing up, and now I sing it to my own kids. It's a classic!
0,Awesome song, and easy process to download song.	Will order from this seller again.
0,relax
0,Excellent
0,Christmas classic!
0,Mandisa is really a great singer and I really like this song Overcomer. I went online just to buy the MP3 of this song
0,THIS SONG IS AWESOME!!!!
0,Great music.
0,great item and love the fact you can listen to music online also with a Prime membership. Great value and fast shipping.
0,5 stars
0,Better
0,My Youngest sons favorite song for now, and he is away at college so it is now his ring tone. Missing him and it reminds me of him.
0,Love this song
0,This is a very good sounding MP3 download and you will be happy with the sound and quality of this download
0,Ciara nad Nicki make a great combo.  Ciara maybe R&B but she always has these amazing dance records.  This song has define her comeback.
0,Great song by Foster The People and I wish it got just as much airplay as Pumped Up Kicks.
0,Recently, I have been going through a storm.  This song is truly an inspiration not to give up but to hold on because "...Weeping my endure for a night, But joy comes in the morning" (Psalm 30:5).  Whenever I am discouraged, this song resounds in my mind
0,And I love the video as well.  Great song, could not be more satisfied with this purchase.  Been looking for this song for a long time.  Now that I have my Tablet on hand,  whenever I hear a song from my past that I didn't buy.  I just look it up on Amazon or the internet and can always find,  now.
0,SATISFIED
0,Holy crap! This guy is talented. When I play this song I get goosebumps! His wonderful bluesy, soft melodic voice just runs across your veins (in the best way). Not only is it soothing to listen to, but it just makes you want to slow dance or sit and listen to the rain. Very dreamy. Check it out...
0,Favorite Song!
0,Great music for all generations.
0,This song starts out sad but eventually gives us a message that more people have to deal with by themselves than should have.
0,Words cannot describe my love of Sleeping At Last's music. His lyrics and musical ability are insane. And it shows through this cover.
0,Super song.  When Whitney Houston was alive I never knew she had this song out.  It was introduced to me a month ago.  Immediately I loved it! (I think I was feeling down and out)  so I looked and found It on Amazon and purchased it. So glad I did.  This song encourages, motivates, inspires and more.
0,I downloaded this for my MP3 player, and it is a great song. I still enjoy listening to it. The MP3 download service is great.
0,I heard this soooo many times back in the late 70's early 80's, then haven't heard it in a long time. Glad I found it
0,An excellent series with a theme that really captures the feel of the series.  Definately recommend especially to lovers of the series
0,It's Prince! Always good stuff!
0,enjoyed her country music and love the versatility she shows as an artist with this new style of music
0,This 2 CD set contains 61 tracks many released for the first time and others only found on very limited edition vinyl. The producer, Bob Celli together with Bobby Vee's family have done an absolutely exceptional job in remastering the various tracks - Bobby Vee never sounded so good! The stereo is lush, the definition superb. "Party Doll" with the Crickets, an unreleased track from the 1962 album and "Gone" (which was apparently an atrociously sounding 45 due to a mastering problem) are wonderful. If, as gas prices top $4.00 and the economy flounders you need a trip back to the 60s in technicolor stereo - this is a must have set. One issue, Amazon lists a digital download in addition to the 2CDs - there is no info on this in the package.
0,This piano melody for this song is so catchy that it can be interpreted on other instruments as well. The results will be the same, you'll more than likely sound just as tasteful :) A great, timeless classic song!
0,great stuff
0,Cher's new CD masters what "Believe" promised in 1998.  Cher's singing is confident and powerful; and the songs are consistently excellent.  This CD follows Cher's 2000 internet-only CD of self-penned tunes, "not.commercial," that Cher released on her own Isis label.  For that CD, she lived in a castle in France and wrote some good songs like "The Fall" dedicated to Kurt Cobain and "Sisters of Mercy" that expressed her opinions on Catholic school.  While we don't see any saucy lyrics as Cher's classic, "You're about as useless as Bob Dole's... arm," we do get the best commercial polish on "Living Proof."	"Song for the Lonely" is a hot rocker, timely in the wake of the World Trade Towers & Pentagon terrorist acts, "When heroes fall in love or war, they live forever."  The drums fall hard on this comforting opener; and when Cher sings "It'll be all right," her vocals fly angelically.  "A Different Kind of Love Song" is a cosmic rocker with a driving techno beat, "We have living proof there's some kind of light that flows through everything."  "Alive Again" is a pulsating midtempo song of renewal, "I only want to learn to freeze the flame."  Throbbing echo chamber vocals resound through the excellent "The Music's No Good Without You."  One of my favorite tracks, #1 on my own personal top ten, is "Rain Rain," an addictive soulful track.  Keyboards and hot rhythm guitar lace "Real Love," "Time after time, you're bringing me up when I'm down."  "Love So High" has more soaring vocals on this throbbing rocker.  "Body to Body Heart to Heart" is an amorous full-throated rocker where Cher uses a taste of Spanish guitar that she employed so prominently on one of my favorite songs from the "not.commercial" CD, the gorgeous ballad "Still."  "I'll never love this way again," Cher sings passionately as the pace slows a tad on the beautiful "Love Is A Lonely Place Without You."  "Love One Another" is great cosmic pop with pulsing rhythms, "Try to understand, open up your heart, a fist is just a hand, it can come apart."  Keyboards wash defiantly on "When You Walk Away."  The CD closes with Bruce Roberts' and Donna Weiss' "When the Money's Gone," a funky rocker that is so endearing.  Cher's voice floats as she sings, "What a fine life I give to you."	"Living Proof" is musically excellent.  Cher has fully moved into the genre.  We sense the woman behind the production.  She fashions some beautiful cosmic truths as well as just singing her heart out.  This CD is a VERY good time!  Enjoy!
0,good sound a lot of chamber music i would not get to hear do you want my review or not?
0,Good old tunes that take you back in time.
0,Good Song
0,This song is one of the better ones from Counting Crows in my opinion.  The music is relaxing and has a beautiful tone to it.
0,Loved it
0,As always this is a really good song by Whitney Houston. Sandra K.
0,Good old song for christmas.
0,Too cute
0,k
0,Lovely duet with two of my favorite singers.  Enchanting and inspirational and soulful.  This song is amazing and their voices are a great pairing for it.
0,Great album
0,Always wanted this title by this artist. Thanks to Amazon I was able to download this as an individual song.
0,Great!
0,Great song.
0,Great Music
0,Good
0,I Have This CD At Home. Mark Chesnutt Is One Of The Best Country Singers Today. He Also Has Talent In Songs Like The Ballads: "I'll Think Of Something", "Bubba Shut The Jukebox", And "Ol'  Country", And The Two-Stepping Dance Song "Old Flames Have New  Names". This Guy Is The Real Deal.
0,ok
0,Love his voice and the mix is awesome.. Give it a listen or just add to your collection like I did!
0,Heard this version on the radio and had to have it.  It is wonderful.
0,Rated appropriately.
0,great sound quality, love song, glad I chose this site to purchase from, I recommend this to everyone. thanks for the service.
0,My son reminded me of this song. It's like a DJ mix with BB King, Really like this song!!!!
0,I wasn't familiar with this young man and am glad I took a chance!
0,Love the song.  I'm an Amazon Cloud MP3 fanboy, so what more can I say.
0,I admit that I decided to give this definitive 70s song Aint No Sunshine by Bill Withers a chance after noticing my sweet husband listening to this tune on youtube via watching one of the music videos of the musicians associated with this song. The song is a little on the somber side yet my husband inspired me to keep an open mind to noticing the powerful singing in this moving type of song despite what it touches on.
0,I like to remember the little Britney and the little me!
0,This was a great bargain for some very professional sounding classical music.  How could you go wrong, and hopefully some financial support to less well known musicians.
0,It's Adele.. what more do you need to know?
0,I like this song as I know it was meant for his Father Tug McGraw. It is a great song and Tim does a good job singing it but I am not a fan of Tim's.
0,Fun hit oldie		You either like it or not.
0,THANKS
0,Meditative, meaningful, good insight into my need for change. I can identify with the heartfelt need for her to share the message of hope. Including , allowing God to enter the hearts.
0,Two great talents.
0,Old time favorite.
0,Love this album! 'Under the Water' is an amazing song!
0,great song
0,Heard this song on Spotify.  Love it and came to Amazon to buy it.  Great song
0,The energy from this song is amazing. Had me praising God loudly in the car!
0,great song for our photo memorial for my dear friend
0,Great to hear music my older siblings used to play when I was five years old.
0,classic ballad
0,Who from my generation can't love this whole album as a MP3 download! Love it and love his music. Always have. Thanks!
0,love her music
0,Lucinda. Enough said.
0,This delicious fast-dance love song evokes emotions from	friendly wedding receptions to disco nights when all you had on your mind was	dancing with your best partner. . It's the perfect lead-in to Donna Summer's	Last Dance, at the end of a night of jamming with friends. . You might want	to play it 5 percent slow, DJs. . Enjoy!!!
0,I am 62 years old consistently adding new songs to my exercise dancing playlist and I love this song to dance too!
0,Stereo version finally
0,i always liked korn i liked the music viedo to this song. so i had to get it for my mp3 after i couldn't find my cd.
0,Bought to make a wedding CD for my daugher's wedding last year  we were not disappointed in any of the music we bought.
0,I've been a fan of TUF since I first heard them, and while Danielle Nicole has released her own solo album, which is fine, it is no match for what these three can do together. I am very saddened to know that they have gone their own way after three superb albums.	Truth be told, the market is just not there for blue done this well. That alone speaks to the state of airplay music in the country right now. This is just a superb album. My favorite track is which ever one is playing.	I urge all blues fans to grab their three albums while you can, because who knows how long they will be available. Great stuff, sadly not in tune with our shallow times.
0,I love this song.  I listen to it while studying and also travel.  I recommend it to anyone who is looking for an anointed song of praise.
0,Great CD as are all of Tony Bennetts' music.  He is a one of a kind supreme talent.  Sings from the heart.
0,love it
0,I just happened to see this and remember the great harmony on it so I bought it. Don't play on performing it live but it's a very nice early recording from Sir Vincent of Gill.
0,"Jilly from Philly" always on point. All her songs tell a story because she is the ultimate storyteller but this song is a good testament of loving a good man and wanting him again and again because you can't wait to be loved by him! Preach! Preach!
0,great
0,This amazing song by Kelly Clarkson is catchy and it will make you want to dance! Kelly is at her usual best here; she never misses a note and the music fits in perfectly with her vocals. In fact, everything works well on this number; and it's no wonder why so many people love it.		What's truly incredible is that "Stronger" isn't just a dance tune about a woman getting dumped by her man; cancer patients have used it as the music for their videos on the Internet! I think the song is so inspirational that just about anyone struggling with the downs and inevitable problems in life will identify with this song.		I can't recommend this song highly enough. Kelly Clarkson's talent is unlimited and inspirational!
0,Who can't relate to losing someone you love?  Janis is awesome. I just love all her music.  I don't know anyone who doesnt.
0,Love the music. Thanks.
0,This girl can sing!!
0,I got 'alot' of Tom Petty and when I was looking him up on Amazon and found this mp3 single (that wasn't on the other 3 cd's I already have - (smile) ... I happily downloaded "A Woman In Love (It's Not Me) 'love that title too -lol- So Really, Thanks To You Amazon, my Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers Collection, goes one ... MoonBee
0,Love it!
0,Love Alan Jackson.  This is one of  his best songs, and clearly a drinking song...I liked it a lot, it was easy to download to my computer, and to my Kindle Fire...
0,It's a great song! Fun and upbeat, it will have you dancing where ever you are! Absolutely lov ed it!
0,Death discs were an important part of pop music in the 1950s and early 1960s. One of the most memorable was "Tell Laura I Love Her" in which a teenage driver had a fatal accident in the stock car race he had entered to win cash to buy a wedding ring. The tale was all the more effective for being sung in an angelic high tenor by Ray Peterson.		Ray Peterson was born in Denton, TX on April 23, 1935. As a young boy he contracted polio which required lengthy hospitalization. But while in the hospital he began to sing for the other patients and decided that is what he wanted to do with his life. In 1957 Ray Peterson moved to Los Angeles and signed a recording deal with RCA Victor. He had several modest hits and then in June of 1960 RCA released "Tell Laura I Love Her" written by Jeff Barry and Ben Raleigh. It would become a Top Ten hit.  This is the original hit recording you would remember from the radio.
0,This album deserves nothing less than 5 stars. I was little skeptical with their new one because King of Limbs while it had some stellar songs, it was very short and didn't really hit me the way Radiohead albums do. This to me sounds like all their best characteristics combined though. It's hard to not compare it to their prior albums because at times it invokes the feeling of "OK Computer", the ambience and exploratory nature of "Kid A/Amnesiac", to a lesser extent "In Rainbows", and surprisingly I can hear the best aspects of "Hail to the Thief" in some places. Radiohead is a band that constantly evolves or experiments to prevent from getting stale but this isn't just another solid Radiohead album though. I would put this amongst their best albums; I've been a fan since the mid-90's to now and when I heard this the whole way through I was just taken aback at how complex, beautiful, and amazing "A Moon Shaped Pool" is. It's not a cookie cutter affair of trying to recapture old glory or just sounding like they've run out of ideas, it's the exact opposite. The studio version of "True Love Waits" is just angelic for lack of better words. The band is in top form, this is the best I've heard Thom Yorke's voice in years (or at least the best utilized) and the rest of the band is in top form creatively and with their musicianship. Having said all that, fans expecting to hear loud sonic electric guitar blaring won't find that here but the songs off the albums are Radiohead matured and maybe not outdoing themselves but coming very close in my opinion. If you're looking for the blazing guitar and heavy dynamics you'll be disappointed but really, I can'tpicture a fan of the band NOT liking this. All fans buy for sure and fans of alternative in the vein of Bjork and other eclectic artists and groups at least listen to samples. A+
0,Good!
0,chose it cos it is awesome! nice and clear...so easy to download and inexpensive...i love downloading music from amazon.  thnx
0,One of my favorite albums, very authentic. Pure soul and class.
0,Love it.
0,Good song and a true American
0,If you don't like country music...I still think you're going to think this is some funny stuff!  I don't know if it's meant to be funny but I took it that way!  Or else you will probably be offended by the lyrics of all of the Wheeler Walker Jr.'s songs on this CD!  If you love country music...you're going to be thrown for a loop and say...did I just hear what I just heard?  Holy crap...that's some great country music with a cool voice and funny as all get out!  Although this CD will probably be more liked by the younger male crowd.  Females beware!...lol
0,This is one the most CLASSIC Rap/Hip-Hop tunes ever written.  I LOVE IT....it;s a Must Have for your music library
0,The Dream's In The Ditch by Deer Tick. Very nice bass that maintains your attention behind quality male vocal over good sounding band. Nothing fancy song that sounds great. Wikipedia says Alt. Country, they sound better than that label. Like it a lot. These guys have been around a while, every song encourages you to listen to more.		Pendulum by Pure Bathing Culture. Love the smooth opening, slight Christopher Cross vibe (do not hold that against them)I also felt an I'm Not In Love by 10cc vibe, because I'm old. Very cool, echo female vocal over quality synthesizer rhythms that ebb & flow w/great low key choral background. Song maintains cool slight psychedelic feel for the duration. No idea what the rest of their music sounds like. Absolutely love this track.		GMF by John Grant. I should be too old to find this simple s/sw song brilliant, but I do. Low key acoustic guitar & controlled synthesizers behind male lead vocal telling his story. The hook is what GMF stands for. It's included as the chorus of this okay singer songwriter number. Do not play with the kids in the car. Play for your old enough friends & surprise them. Greatest m f that you're ever gonna meet.		Things Will Change by Treetop Flyers. Hate to compare new with old, 'try to do it only to compliment. This song sounds like an updated version of any classic by America (the band). Strumming acoustic guitar, tight backing band, similar male lead vocal, great lyrics, great sound, good production, quality song. Love it.		Nerve Endings by Eagulls. Brilliant punk opening, vocal & song. Sounds like past punk greats.(Not gonna compare) Strong back beat, great guitar & neat straining lead vocal. Song never strays from it's core of excellent. Absolutely love it.		Waiting by The Dismemberment Plan. Neat lightweight Indie, post-punk revival, math rock, post-hardcore, experimental rock (thank you Wikipedia). Open male vocal over bopping band. Nice.		Parted Ways by Heartless Bastards. Recognizable, slightly shrill male lead vocal way in front of good sounding band keeping up with lyrics, allowed to play a little, couple of times. Noisy ending, nothing wrong with this song, you will love it.		They Told Me by Sallie Ford & The Sound Outside. Love the throbbing opening, strong female vocal over ongoing rocking band that threatens & defends the singer throughout. Very nice.		Los Angeles by Emily Wells. Per Wikipedia Folk, Folk rock, Folktronica, Acoustic. This track is breathy female vocal over guitar w/neat lyrics and not much else. You will love it, she has done much more.		Dogon Genesis by Lumerians. Great simple opening, vocals start, psychedelia ensues. Too many genres in Wiki to list, neat feel, deliberate vocal over speedy guitars including relentless bass. Superior version of modern progressive track. Like it(they mentioned 'Silver Machine' how not to like?).		Bermuda Highway by Christopher Denny. Female sounding vocal, appears he's not, let's say Roy Orbison. Acoustic guitar, deliberate spoken vocal that sings to us all, harmonica spurts, quality lyrics, complete sound. Like it.		This superior sampler from Partisan Records is worth money right now. Download a fantastic free collection of quality songs from a mix of genres, you may not like them all, someone you know will love the songs you don't. Excellent collection, this sampler is the good stuff, get it while it's free.
0,I have always been a fan of this song and of John..
0,Great music,,,
0,Jill nailed this song. Checking out the album,  will  probably buy it.
0,Love this Billy Joel tune.  Have loved it for years and glad I finally bought it for my MP3 player so I can hear it whenever I want.
0,love it
0,I love zbb
0,Great song I love from the past,You have to love the 80s and 90s
0,After five spins, I've gone through a journey with Babel.  "Sigh No More" was so utterly stunning that by the second CD, the formula becomes more familiar.  However, this set also offers its share of gems.  "I Will Wait" delights with its confident promise of romantic loyalty, "Raise my hands, paint my spirit gold, bow my head, keep my heart slow."  "Hopeless Wanderer" is another gem that starts soft and bursts into a pounding anthem about two minutes into the track, "So when your hope's on fire, but you know your desire, don't hold a glass over the flame; Don't let your heart grow cold; I will call you by name; I will share your road."  On this deluxe edition, the Sons' version of Simon & Garfunkel's "The Boxer" fits their style like a glove on the "lye la lye" chorus.  "Babel," while not as strong as the amazing first CD, is still well worth discovering.  Enjoy!
0,Since the USA Armed Forces withdrew their radio stations from Europe	we lost the possibility to listen to Country Music. That's why we	also lost track on many artists we knew then. One example is Ed Bruce	a rockabilly singer who was popular in the late 50's and a SUN artist	together with all the great legends like Elvis, Jerry Lee, Roy Orbison,	Johnny Cash, Carl Perkins etc. He was nicknamed "Jerry Lee Lewis' brother"	He then suddenly "disappeared" until I saw him on a DVD Country Family	Show from Nasville; an old grey man with a grey mustache was announced	by Bill Anderson, the host, as Ed Bruce. I couln't believe it! After 43	years this rockabilly star from the heydays of Rock & Roll sat there	and sang a wonderful country song called "My first taste of Texas".	I immediately consulted all Billboard books and found out that he	turned to country in 1967 and had built up quite a carreer until 1987.	The next step was to look at Amazon's music chapter and there were	several CD's available being this one the chosen one because of the	previous mentioned "My first taste of Texas". Many of the rest of the	songs are great as well. His beautiful deep baritone voice is quite	different from other songs I have from the 50's. A wonderful CD!
0,Second best
0,My Wife and I enjoy setting in the family room in the evening and enjoying a cup of coffee while listening the our collection of songs.
0,Lots of heart and soul went into this song. I'll be looking to hear more from this artist. Keep em coming.
0,Got it for .99. Can't beat it as a way to expand your classical.
0,Love it
0,Love this one
0,Are there better voices than Connie Brittan's...yes...she is not Adele.  But she and Charles Eaton, with the help of the genius, T-Bone Burnett, have produced a love song for the ages.  I cannot quit listening to this tune and then going back to see the clip on You Tube...Positively a "gotta have" download!!
0,This is one of his best toe tappers! I bet this song gets the crowd up on the dance floor!
0,This is one of the most inspiring songs of the day. Katy Perry is a sweetheart and should make more Starry-sounding inspiration tunes. Or maybe this one is enough for now. Thanks for being a nice woman.
0,I fell in love with Joss Whedon's project here the first time I watched it for free online. Loved it even more the second time I saw it... and the third, and so on. In my opinion Dr. Horrible is nothing shy of being utterly addictive to the point of where they'll have 12-step programs for it in the future. It's a joy to partake in and can be listened to time and time again without it losing any of its magic. Consequently I had no problem plopping down $8.99 for this soundtrack the second I saw it available on Amazon here, (I'm not much an iUniverse person), and I can not recommend buying this yourself highly enough. Frankly, "Brand New Day" alone is wroth the price of admission; getting the rest for this steal of a price is delightful gravy on top of a full Thanksgiving diner.
0,THE BEST NEW SONG OF YEAR
0,Awesome song still love listening to it I used to hear it come on in the car back in the day so now I have it on my iPhone to listen to anytime I want
0,One of the quintessential songs of the era.  I purchased it as part of completing my collection of songs I remember from back in the day.		My children laugh of course.  :)
0,It's the final countdown
0,Great Service, With a Great Product
0,Great song
0,What's better than ELO?
0,Rihanna done it again ,this is best I have heard her sounds in her entire career, boy she nail it in this song. This girl just get's better and better, everybody should get this song. The lyrics is just beautiful and the melody is just pure perfection.
0,great
0,i love the song!! so sorry about not giving a long description about the song but I believe if you are going to purchase a song either you will know the song already or you will listen to it previously to purchasing it! but amazon requires a certain amount of words to describe the product in order for it to come off your "review purchases"
0,Lead song from the album Priciple of Moments. A very good guitar song with the great Robert Plant singing the words bringing them to life. My Mum loved this song.
0,All time favorite
0,100%
0,Beautiful. You can tell she's a musician and not a drug addict
0,P FUNK SAW THEM IN D.C. IN 75/76 .......I WILL ALWAYS GIVE UP DA FUNK !!!!!!..SHOUT OUT TO BOOTSY COLLINS ...THE FRIENDLY GHOST !!!!!
0,Nothing like the classics. Love these old songs. Brings back memories of growing up. Cold coke and peanuts. Sultry summer nights.
0,I think I like this version better than the original.  The Glee singers are excellent. I am a bonafide Gleek!
0,Loved it from the first time I heard it.
0,I am very happy with my purchase of the CD Need You Now By Plumb. I am completely satisfied with the service I have received from this seller and will be ordering from them again in the near future. They provided outstanding service and their prices were low.	I order this for my sister for her birthday and I was happy when it came almost the next day.
0,Excellent
0,I've had this CD for some time. It contains two of Burl's classic holiday songs, Holly Jolly Christmas and Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer. Santa Claus is Coming To Town is on here too. Burl puts his own spin on holiday faves like White Christmas, Winter Wonderland, Silver Bells and I Heard the Bells on Christmas Day.		There are some unfamiliar songs on here that you don't hear, like  Christmas is a Birthday, Christmas Child and Snow For Johnny. Burl does justice to all of them. A nice CD to have in your holiday collection.
0,Excellent song and great CD.
0,hfrj
0,Love this song!
0,An excellent oldie to add to my collection
0,5 star
0,Good times =)
0,I was very impressed by "It's the Most Wonderful Time of the Year." It is a great uplifting song for Christmas. This is from Andy Williams Christmas Album and it is a quality recording. Andy Williams voice is just so evocative and identifiable with this song. This one is to be cherished and savored.
0,If a woman's soul can be tortured, she has every right to proclaim her emotive state to the high heavens. Her exquisite nature - when agitated beyond reasonable expectations in a romance - becomes less than civil - she has to shout out her romantic frustrations to be heard correctly. This is perhaps the case with the now famous power ballad "Total Eclipse of the Heart"; sung by Welsh singer Bonnie Tyler; written/produced by the gifted Jim Steinman; backup vocals by Rory Dodd (who can be distinctly heard singing `echo'), Eric Troyer, and Bryan Adams. One can only assume that Pagan Norse sirens - gathering themselves from a swim across the tumultuous fjords - commanded the `backup vocals' in order to heighten the experience for one and all. Such is the case with our brilliant vocalist Tyler, whose presence alone is ethereal and whose magnificent voicing in this particular song - gave rise to the tidal wave that followed once this classic & epic song was released around the world to great acclaim and praise.		Suffice it to say that we can replay this song to our heart's content on any given, bleached out, saddened afternoon - and remove ourselves from any doldrums by soaking up again the powerful crescendos and decrescendos within this romantic Valhalla ballad. Can only assume Tyler is singing for Viking women-warriors throughout the land, who carry torches for their men (hopefully not to burn them where it truly hurts) and howl at the moonface of their melancholia rather than remain passive and complacent.		"And I need you now tonight	And I need you more than ever	And if you'll only hold me tight	We'll be holding on forever	And we'll only be making it right	'Cause we'll never be wrong together	We can take it to the end of the line	Your love is like a shadow on me all of the time	I don't know what to do and I'm always in the dark	We're living in a powder keg and giving off sparks	I really need you tonight	Forever's gonna start tonight	Forever's gonna start tonight		Once upon a time I was falling in love	But now I'm only falling apart	Nothing I can do	A total eclipse of the heart	Once upon a time there was light in my life	But now there's only love in the dark	Nothing I can say	A total eclipse of the heart"
0,This is a great inspirational song!
0,Great buy
0,I'm always looking for the next big thing and Gin Wigmore is it in Australia. A little bit Mick Jagger and a little bit Macy Gray, she also has catchy songs. Perfect for Top 40 radio and those of you who love great singing. Nearly every song could be a hit. Buy this now, before the price goes up.
0,I'll be watching you.
0,love it, I have always loved his music
0,Music sounds good and quality is perfect!
0,Glad I could  get the 12 inch version that break down Low down dirty dirty stays in my mind love this so so much!!!!!
0,Love Otis Redding singing this song.  Nobody can sing it like he can... Fits right into my music collection.
0,Great and unique 80's song.
0,Pretty good orchestras playing really good music very well. No doubt there are better recordings available but this is worth the bucks.
0,Really good song
0,It has an awesome beat!
0,This song came out when I was in the eighth grade and I have liked it ever since. It could be considered a Rock Ballad. Roger Daltrey's  vocals are shown off at their best in this song which was actually written by Pete Townsend. It reached 76 on the Billboard Hot 100 and was one of those songs that was better than its ranking on Billboard. Lyrically, it is the song of a desperate man at the end of his rope with the rain bringing special meaning that saves his life. The Who, though considered good old Rock N Roll has always been one of the best Rock Opera bands out there.
0,Do you enjoy the old composers? I do?		Did you enjoy it when your mother woke you up by playing baroque music in the early hours? I certainly did. Sometimes it was on the HiFi, sometimes it was her on the piano.		This is a great collection. With over 14 hours of music, I do not get bored, but in fact, love it as background to what I am doing, like reading e-mail and writing reviews. Sometimes, I even let it put me to sleep at night. (Thank you Alexa, for having a sleep timer.)		I highly recommend this music.
0,Great album
0,Love songs of the "80s"!
0,great
0,what a great one ! Tim , Taylor and Kieth , do a GREAT JOB , i have this song on my play list and listen to it everyday ! and it sends a good message to stay off ur phone cuz the people at home r waiting on u cuz they care and the HWY don't !
0,Inspirational
0,Love it
0,Was exactly the track I was looking for.
0,I'd love to hear Carlos Santana do more of this type of music. While I love to hear him play with lyric's , I'd love to hear more of	him in solo pieces like this one.  Surely he has some pieces that he's not shared with the world?
0,Product works great, great item to purchase.  I really enjoy it.  Thank you very much.
0,BEEN TRYING TO REPLACE THIS ALBUM FOR YEARS, ESPECIALLY THIS CUT!	THANK YOU!  YHIS WAS  ONE OF THEIR GREATEST HITS....IM NO LONGER CURIOUS BECAUSE I FOUND WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR ....THANK YOU!!!!
0,Sugarhill Gang rap. Love the old school sound. Makes you want to get up and dance. No cuss words. Perfect for school.
0,This sound works perfectly to help me go to sleep.  I have always suffered from insomnia and with this I no longer lie awake for hours.
0,Great harmony and great lead vocal!
0,song
0,Cherish is another of the Association's finest ballads, that you'll catch yourself humming along to all day long. Others, such as David Cassidy, have recorded it, but nothing beats this classic.
0,Beyonce has shown that she can do songs that are spiritual as well as sexy. This movie included songs that truly touches the heart no matter what the age, sex, color or creed.
0,It is a very good song from a very good group. I suppose I'm not exactly a music critic, but that's my opinion.
0,Good song
0,This is the first song that Rihanna has done that I actually feel is sincere in its presentation. I'm not a fan, by any means, so I could be wrong but this song, for me, is a real glimpse into the mind of Rihanna as an artist. It's so muted and understated, like it's a soliloquy or a journal entry or even a thought, too quiet for words but real and cutting as your mind contemplates... This is new territory when it comes to Rihanna's usual 'I'm a tough chick' deal. It's vulnerable and painful and the perfect blend of harmony and chaos, the harmony of the vocals, the chaos of a broken heart and the unwillingness to let go of the only thing keeping you afloat. If Rihanna decided to do more music similar to this, I would happily reconsider my stance as a non-fan but for now, I'm happy to have this ode to a love lost rather than not have it at all. Check it out and enjoy this song, you won't regret it
0,good
0,I love this song, and amazon makes it totally worth it because unlike stupid iTunes, you can keep downloading it to a new phone, or redownload it if your internet dies or something in the middle of the download, all for free.	See iTunes, if u loose internet connection in the middle of the down load, or your power goes out, or you get a new computer you have to buy the song all over again, trust me, I experienced that huge problem with iTunes MORE THAN ONCE.	Where as Amazon is awesome cause it's all on your account, so you just log in and it's there, and it shows that you payed the $1 for it so it's yours. Even if you get a new phone, or iPod, or loose internet connection or whatever... your logged it, it's your account you payed for it, its all leagle, and it's yours, for like EVER. :D	In my own PERSONAL opinion I HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMEND you download songs, and buy songs from Amazon.com verses buying it on iTunes. c:
0,Bob Dylan sings Sinatra? What a preposterous idea!...		as Im sure many music fans reacted when they heard that such a project was happening. Why would rocks most polarizing vocalist attempt songs made famous by the man who many consider to be pop musics best ever singer?		Put those misgivings aside. Shadows in the Night isn't a cash-grab vanity project like Rod Stewarts Great American Songbook series; its a focused, carefully constructed and beautifully executed project that treats each song with genuine respect; Dylan puts his own touch on these classic songs without comprising the integrity of the original recordings.		The singing throughout Shadows in the Night is simply magnificent. Bobs voice is warm, lithe and has none of the gravelly sound fans have grown accustomed to over the last ten years or so. His phrasing is fantastic and each word of each lyric is as carefully considered as the last. This is the best Dylan has sounded on record in 20 years. Musically, the album is a revelation. Dylan and his musicians draw from the lush arrangements of Sinatra collaborators Nelson Riddle, Gordon Jenkins and others and strips them down to their barest elements, plumbing ballads like Im a Fool to Want You and Whatll I Do to unbearable, heartbreaking depths that would make Ol Blue Eyes both proud and a little jealous.		As for the song themselves? Wonderful selections across the board; Dylan made a smart move by not covering songs that are ubiquitous in the Sinatra catalog (Luck Be a Lady, Witchcraft, All the Way), instead opting for lesser known tracks largely culled from Franks legendary series of heartbreak records during his stint at Capitol in the 1950s. Several of these songs, including Where Are You, Whatll I Do, and Why Try to Change Me Now, are among the most beautiful and most underrated entries in the Great American Songbook.		Do yourself a favor: dim the lights, pour yourself a glass of your favorite liquor, ease back into your bed or a reclining chair, and just listen to this record. It is a true work of beauty that begs repeated listens, and ranks comfortably among the best records of Dylans career.
0,This is a realy good song. I love it. When frist hear this song it remainded me and my wife.
0,With Michael Jackson's recent passing, there's been a demand for his music. While the most casual listeners are buying his music from the Thriller Era, I've been picking up MiJac's work from the seventies. The ballad Good Times is some of the the best work Mike ever did with Gamble & Huff and it's truly a shame this era of his carrer is ignored.
0,For a 33-song generic collection, the music is surprisingly interesting and varied.  But it is all chill.  I don't mean more varied than that.
0,Love it
0,No such number. No such zone. It was a lovers question.
0,Can rate this exactly because it is my daughter's purchase, but if there were problems I would have heard about it.
0,cool
0,I like listening to this on my new Monster Clarity with Bluetooth from my Droid Razr Maxx. I just crank it up!
0,Great
0,Most popular hit, as I write this review.  My 11 year old Daughter really loved this song, so we purchased it from Amazon!		Really satisfied with Amazon Prime Music Service for streaming and listening to about everything, but the MP3's, when purchased, are a wonderful and inexpensive idea!  I was able to download this song to my computer, and, onto two different devices, an MP3 player, and, a plug for my car.  The MP3 always remains available to you inside of Amazon!  The download quality, is perfect!
0,I really like Celtic music and this sampler is great. I put it on and kick back and relax. Great sampler for unwinding after a long hard day.
0,solid song
0,Enjoying.
0,like
0,This was a very special song for me, especially around the time my dad passed away.  It was very touching.
0,classic guitar at it's best
0,What can one say, it was a great song from a great singer and band.  Would love to see in concert someday.
0,k
0,great
0,A great song that stands the test of time. Definitely the bands best song ever! I highly doubt that they will ever top this one.
0,Great background music or for relaxing.  These Bach Guild Big Boxes are nearly always good quality at amazing prices.  Get them while they're new for the best bargains, but even when the prices go up they are still quite nice.
0,You'll want to purchase this...one of his original songs from back in the day...  Take a short trip back to the good ol' days.  I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
0,i love this band , and this song , its on my everyday play list
0,Have always liked this song, and now I can listen to it any time I want to with it on my flash drive.
0,Heard it first on Dancing w/the Stars.  Immediately got it from Amazon.  Wonderful, real, encouraging! Songs like this change the day's outlook.
0,Great Down-Load Quality
0,I Love It.
0,Great song definitely one of my all time favorites
0,It is nice to be able to purchase single songs rather then a album, when most of the time I like one or two songs.
0,Great disco song that gets your foot tapping and your body shaking to the ground. Didn't hear it played much when it first came out but have been hearing it on Sirius radio in the past year and now love it.
0,Love this song
0,It's Gangnam Style.  In all its glory.  This is right up there with the 'Macarena'; it's the equivalent of that for this gen.
0,Cute children song.
0,I was a young man in w.w.ll the times hard Hitler seemed to have his way. We needed to stop him. Suinking of the Bismarck was a victory. Sang by one of the best ballad singer ever.
0,The Mystic Knights of The Oingo Boingo have come a long was since presiding in the Devil's Chamber in that truly cult classic, THE FORBIDDEN ZONE, directed by Richard Elfman {sibling elf}, a highly entertaining venture into the vortex of utter madness. Since their innovative neo-punk beginnings, Danny Elfman has led the Knights onto many musical victories, including his own solo projects, & finally, movie scores. Such titles as BATMAN RETURNS, BEETLEJUICE, THE NIGHTMARE BEFORE XMAS, NIGHTBREED & EDWARD SCISSORHANDS, are among his celebrated compositions.	The name has been put through the guillotine, severed in half to display a highly crystallized evolution. A focus on heavier rhythm guitars have been added, giving the album a sharper edge. The cover displays an interesting little clown, deformed in his composit. The back shows some aesthetic terrorism as well.	Now, this erubescent, modern-day Wolfgang brings forth a series of songs which speak from his satanic heart, of anti-assimilation in the jesting guise of conformity. Particularly noticable in the cantible "Insatanity". where the voices of little ones valiantly defy xian indoctrination by recognizing its unnaturalness. Also exposed is the hypocrisy of evangelists in their two-faced, money-grubbing, sexually-twisted forms.	Another favorite is "Mary", which is the common story of a blossoming midwestern girl breaking the apron strings to see the great-wide-world. The rub here, is that she enjoys what she feels, & for the first time, comes unto her own realizations & conclusionsnow thyat her overbearing xian family is out of the picture. It is quite an emotionally-evoking piece, especially when the syubbornness of her unfortunately xoid kin is displayed., in their unacceptance of her, when she finally finds something she really enjoys. Indulging in the pleasures of the flesh, & living a decadently hedonistic lifestyle which brings her satisfaction, & a sense of accomplishment. She was a bigger fish than they - she had ambition. I don't think it was too much of a blasphemous coincidence that the name hosen was "Mary", as in "virgin". By the way, the violins are sublime.	There's also a remake of the Beatles' "I Am The Walrus", a fun song that has been played at many a frat party, no doubt. SPIDER is an enjoyable diddy about he who glares from the wall. WAR AGAIN is an inspirational tune about war & the adrenalyn & tragedy of battle. It inspires pride. It is powerful in its emotional evocation, as the words are definitely felt, greatly compliments the music.	Overall, this release is an experience, which is rare in the pop-"music" industry, with their trivial, monotonous, monosyllabic, non-music blare. Like Elman's other works, all which make an impression upon the listener, this is sure to please the discriminating, amalgamate, audial conniseur.
0,My favorite song for dancing Bachata
0,If you haven't heard She Wants Revenge before this is a great track to start with.
0,This track combines 2 of my favorites, a Debarge hook and Ashanti's vocals.
0,background music and lyrics are wonderful
0,Great music, so sad
0,8th album from these Texas legendssoulful, rootsy, fresh and vital indie rock played for fun, with passion & integrity pawing at a power pop core.  These are tough, ragged rockers with an Americana flair of melody & substance that rings the bell like a hungry & missed old friend, while funky rock rhythms fly around the room searching for a dance partner.  The band sounds exceptionally tight and professional, and the music flows with a naturally sincere warmth that reminds you why it matters.  Recalls artists like the Black Keys, Wilco, Sweet Apple, Dr. Dog, the Reigning Sound, Firewater, the Replacements, Built To Spill, the Hold Steady.  Nothing strange or unusual herejust good solid songwriting and great playing from the heart.  Sometimes thats more than enough; this time its pretty close to brilliant!  Recommended.
0,Great artist
0,Great!
0,Love!
0,great
0,What is not to love?
0,I heard this catchy song on the radio and had to stop and get the download. I really like it! Thanks Fitz and The Tantrums
0,Love this song & ADAM LAMBERT!!  GREAT!!
0,The incredible range that Leo Sayer used during his run was something rare and this song shows off that range better than anything else he recorded.
0,What a beautiful voice she has!
0,Great song for our wedding video
0,Ah cause Maroon 5 is AWESOME!
0,I heard this song by Jars of Clay at my bible study and decided I had to have it.	So I went into Amazon.com  and bought it as a MP3..	It is great.
0,Great duo.	Fantasitic music.	A long time favorite since it came out.	Like a lot of Pattie's songs.	Good tunes.
0,OK
0,A really enjoyable mellow song by Marian hill.
0,This is an awesome song by an awesome band from Iceland. All of their music is awesome, inspiring and pretty uplifting. I am glad to see the freshness come onto the scene. I look forward to another album.
0,Spoon continues to create top-notch rocking music with great lyrics.  This band deserves a lot more recognition from the public than they've been getting.
0,REO - what can you say...
0,There are two songs here -- Gimme All Your Love and Don't Wanna Fight -- that I can't get out of my head.  This bears repeated listens,
0,this was a christmas gift TSO  was heard by my cousin and loved it , I have all there  cds and a dvd .THE Goast Of Christmas Eve we go to all there shows when town ,If you have not seen there show you are missing a great show.
0,Loved it
0,Scott wieland had a great return to Stone temple pilots with their last self titled album in 2010. Unfortunately it didn't last long.  stone temple pilots moved along with chester bennington, an interesting but good change. So what was next for Mr. Weiland, this solid kick in the pant of rock. I agree this is a good album to Blast as you cruise around town. This album seems a solid vocal performace from Scott, and backed by a great band. Only small critique xwould be the cover of 20th century boy. Redone by def leppard a couple of years back, kinda filler in a sea of new songs. Will be watching for a tour nearby soon
0,this song is about attitude and about choosing to be happy. Listening to this song just lift you up and makes you want to dance. My best friend peacedanced to this song the week before she died of breast cancer, and if she could do that, then anyone can dance to this happy song.
0,A Real Smoker Boys and Girls. Yes indeed! {Recorded 11/17/1972 At Century 2 Convention Hall, Wichita KS}. DISC ONE -> 1) Promised Land (3:12) * 2) Sugaree (7:01) * 3) Me & My Uncle (3:11) * 4) Tennessee Jed (7:47) * 5) Black-Throated Wind (7:04) * 6) Bird Song (11:01) * 7) Jack Straw (5:00) * 8) Box Of Rain (4:54) * 9) Don't Ease Me In (3:16) * 10) Beat It On Down The Line (3:26) * 11) Brown-Eyed Women (5:11) * 12) Big River (4:39) * 13) China Cat Sunflower (7:10) -> * 14) I Know You Rider (4:16) DISC TWO -> 1) Around & Around (3:55) * 2) Casey Jones (6:33) * 3) Cumberland Blues (6:31) * 4) El Paso (4:17) * 5) He's Gone (14:12) * 6) Truckin' (9:57) -> * 7) The Other One (19:49) -> * 8) Brokendown Palace (5:57) * 9) Sugar Magnolia (8:24) DISC 3 -> 1) Uncle John's Band (8:07) * 2) Johnny B. Goode (3:57) * (TRACKS 3 thru 7 LIVE IN OKLAHOMA CITY 11/15/1972)  3) Playing In The Band (30:57) * 4) Wharf Rat (10:38) * 5) Not Fade Away (7:47) -> * 6) Going Down The Road Feeling Bad (7:12) -> * 8) Not Fade Away (3:27). WOW!!! WOW!!! WOW!!! As soon as you hear Jerry's Guitar fire up on Promised Land you know the band came ready to play. There's not one "klunker" in the bunch. The JAMS are extraordinary - tumbling around, sucking you in and spittin' you right out! Mind Blowing! "The Other One" jam is just Fantastic! If you really dig this band, you know exactly what I'm talking about. This show is "Highly Regarded" among the fan base and is finally here in HDCD! The Sound is Awesome. This Dave's Picks sold out instantly with only 14,000 copies made. I would not hesitate to pick this one up fast. 5 STARS.-> NOT TO BE MISSED!!!  30 Minute "Playin' In The Band"  SICK!!!!
0,We live in the SF Bay area, so are long-term fans of Tony Bennett. This CD doesn't duplicate too much of our existing music library, so long as it includes I Left My Heart in San Francisco I'm a fan.
0,Great song
0,I can love you like That is such a good song and nice to share with a friend or two.
0,Excellent. He was good!
0,Love it
0,Gotta love this song...  it just "fits" so many things in life!
0,I have enjoyed this group since the very beginning.  I mean the original line up that produced "Go Now".  I have seen the Moodies 9 times in concert and always enjoy when this song is played.  As long as they continue to tour, I will continue to purchase their tickets.  It is fun to see 3 generations of fans come to their concerts.  That's a great testament to their timeless music.  You don't see that with today's music or what passes for it.
0,Good song
0,A great song that stands the test of time. Definitely the bands best song ever! I highly doubt that they will ever top this one.
0,I really love the beat of this song.  It makes me want to get up and shake my booty!  LOL  It does have some racy lyrics, so I purchased the "clean" version; that way I can listen to it in the car even when my kids are with me.
0,At first I didn't really care about this album. I read some of the reviews which said that it is more poppy than Train's other stuff. The album cover also put me off a little, because it looked kind of silly. But, it ended up being a lot better than I thought! Yes, this album is actually better than California 37. I even recommend it to people who don't care about pop. The album is consistant throughout, and there is not one bad song on here. Give it All is probably the weakest track, but even that is good. I could go on and on about what makes each song unique.		If I had to pick my top 3 favorites, then in order from 1-3, they are Wonder What You're Doing For The Rest of Your Life, Angel in Blue Jeans, Just a Memory. Some of the songs, like Angel in Blue Jeans, have silly titles, but they are superb nonetheless. Some even sound silly, like Cadillac Cadillac. Don't Grow up so Fast is the slowest song on the album, and a perfect closer. It sounds like a modern Marry Me.		Overall, should you buy this album? Go for it!
0,Great song!
0,If you like Iggy then you'll like this track. It's fast paced and has a great beat. The lyrics are good, especially the make you beg part. Lol
0,It is background music for sure, but it flows nicely... I really like it!
0,The Fray is one of those contemporary soft-rock groups that show that that genre's stereotype of being slow and dull need not always apply.  "Over My Head (Cable Car)" describes lead singer, Isaac Slade's, contentious relationship with his older brother Caleb (nicknamed `cable car').  In the music video for "Over My Head", Isaac plays the role of his older brother, while his real life younger brother, Micah, portrays Isaac.  The lyrics are very relatable and that type of connection to a song gives it tremendous staying power.
0,Sexy as hell...
0,I just love this song! It was used in a Super Bowl  commercial and I think it made it even more popular. Way to go Passenger !!!!!!!!
0,Great song
0,I Love It.
0,I used this song for my wedding playlist, I love the way Johnny Gill delivers the message.  thank you T. Perry for creating such a wonderful movie and cd
0,I starting listen this song. I really like it alot. I can't believe she passed away. In the world, everybody love her no matter what.
0,love it.
0,My favorite Mercy Me song
0,Don't close your eyes by Keith Whitley has grown to be a song that I loved to hear over and over.  His voice	 soft, sad, and yet almost like a lullabye.. this to me is one of his best, he has many others, this is my most	 cherished of his songs he's left us with.
0,Love it! Excellent clarity.
0,My husband wanted me to get some line dance music.  I searched on amazon and purchased this one.  It is a good one for line dancing
0,5 million miles is the standout track here.....Ann's vocals are what I listen to Heart for....and she does a variation of this song in concert that is better than what it presented here.
0,This has definitely been remastered, which is good!
0,Wonderful rendition of a classic.
0,Brought back fond memories. This and many other songs from this time period always seem to return to my memory and make me long for some of my old friends,
0,Everything these guys put out is Amazing!!
0,great song
0,Fun song with a big beat!  I enjoyed her performance with the Muppets, but really would have liked it better if she wore more clothes.  hahaha
0,this is a good song, although not the one I was looking for. I have liked many of Matchbox Twenty's song since I first heard them on the radio in the early 2000's. Now there is nothing on the radio to listen to but we can download some of our favs.
0,I use this music for background ambiance in my holistic healing practice.  It creates a very relaxing atmosphere so my clients feel rested.
0,I love this song, and amazon makes it totally worth it because unlike stupid iTunes, you can keep downloading it to a new phone, or redownload it if your internet dies or something in the middle of the download, all for free.	See iTunes, if u loose internet connection in the middle of the down load, or your power goes out, or you get a new computer you have to buy the song all over again, trust me, I experienced that huge problem with iTunes MORE THAN ONCE.	Where as Amazon is awesome cause it's all on your account, so you just log in and it's there, and it shows that you payed the $1 for it so it's yours. Even if you get a new phone, or iPod, or loose internet connection or whatever... your logged it, it's your account you payed for it, its all leagle, and it's yours, for like EVER. :D	In my own PERSONAL opinion I HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMEND you download songs, and buy songs from Amazon.com verses buying it on iTunes. c:
0,So inspirational.  We sing it in choir.
0,when this first played, I was coming home from getting my aunt Jackie from work in another town. My mother (driver), me and my aunt were vibing to what was on the radio and then like magic, Alicia Keys crooned her way through this song...		It's very relate-able, uplifting and positive...		"Even when I'm a mess I put an "S" on my chest cause I'm a Superwoman."		then later on, it started to play at my job. That was sweet within itself. When I hear songs like this that I can relate to or are upbeat and/or positive, I perform better.		Anyway, the job is now gone but this song will live on "forever" as a modern classic. Hehe.		Big ups, Licia. ^_^		5+ stars.		End note: I find that No One and Superwoman are about neck and neck now. This was when I was getting used to No One which is a great R&B tune. The lyrics are typical, but the delivery, exquisite.
0,Good Gospel Singing.
0,Great tune with a nice little story.
0,Great album
0,their music is awesome
0,Great Workout Song. Love it!
0,Good quality sound.  Love the track.  Would recommend item.
0,Good song, good download.
0,Very inspiring, I loved this song from the first time I heard it.  I have it downloaded to both my PC and my iPod.  Enjoying it daily
0,i like
0,The entire cd is awesome. I recommend this cd to anyone
0,Great sound!
0,Love this song one of my new favorites
0,I downloaded this song into my son's M.P. 3 he likes it.which makes me happy
0,Mary J Blige is always kind of hit or miss for me. She's sometimes really good, but at other times is also very very boring! I remember there was alot of buzz about this album because Mary J hadn't came out with anything in a while. They talked about her throwing umbrella away basically handing rihanna a superstar career. And the media tried to start a rift,but lets be honest if mary j sang umbrealla it wouldn't have been as cool,catchy. And propably wouldn't have been a hit anyways! As for this cd it's got great looks,great hooks, and excellent singing. Grown Woman is my favorite track by far. It's so umtempo but has a great urban feel to it at the same time. i also really liked work that. I thought that was an excellent song as well. Just Fine was pretty cool. I loved the fact that she tried to stay current and keep up with the kids. I think did an excellent job. One of my favorite releases of the year!
0,I always liked the 80's musik mainly I just buy the singles or one or 2 songs from a album, such a unique voice too
0,The rating I give is based on how much I like the song.  My opinion		I don't really understand how one can objectively review a song.  It's entirely a matter of opinion, and a review of a song is basically pointless.  I can understand reviews for albums because you can rate an overall collection of songs, especially when the review comes out before the album.		But youtube exists now.  It's not like you need to base your purchase on what other people think.  You listen to the song, and if you like it enough to want it on your mp3 player (or in better quality than youtube)... (or if you want to support the artist), you buy the mp3.		I guess I'm just babbling and I need to write a minimum amount of words to be able to post this review... Seriously though, I love the fact that amazon hosts customer reviews, but it's a bit unnecessary for individual songs.
0,I love this man and his songs.  taken from us way too soon.  This is definitely one of his best.  Some music you can "work through"  Even when it's playing you can continue to talk to a friend or check your email.  When this song plays you have got to stop and listen.
0,I love Smokie's soul-full voice. He uses it to glorify God, encourage the people of God, and call to God those who don't know Him.
0,Love this song
0,Another great addition to my playlist
0,I was wow by Amy singing, she was so good and bad,but so good again. Love R&B and soul here on Back To Black B-Sides. Angel voice. 5 stars. I'am going to miss her so much. All the music is more than great sound that move you so, "Back To Black B-Sides.
0,I bought this because I am learning the bass line
0,liked this version too
0,I like it.
0,Great Song
0,Awesome duet song!!!
0,great song
0,good song
0,love it.
0,I gave it a few weeks before logging into amazon and posting an impuslive review of this cd. I have lived in Las Vegas for 8 years, and have always hated the kids here (Meaning hardcore, punk, emo, alternative rock kids, etc). That's why I was surprised when I heard the Killers first CD. While I liked Hot Fuss a lot, there were only a few songs that I kept in my Itunes library. There were a lot of throwaway songs I thought. On This CD, almost every song is good. I fell in love with the "When you were young" song and was not let down on the rest. It's a good cd that reminds me of every band I've ever loved put in a blender. I hear the Misfits sometimes (just a little), the Smiths, Depeche Mode. Sometimes it sounds like Placebo. It has almost a religious, weird choir music feel to it at times which I think is great. People say it sounds like Bruce Springsteen. I don't hear that, but whatever. If you're not a judgmental indie rock nerd who wants to put down a great band because you're unable to produce music this good, buy this cd. (Also, it's funny that the front cover has a picture of the singer of AFI in a bikini)
0,Awesome
0,love the band ... can't beat $.99 download ...do a lot of downloading ... already a repeat customer.  Thanks, bye
0,love it.
0,Classic Song added to my Library
0,The kind of song that needs to be cranked up loud.
0,I do love this Song by the Righteous Brothers It is my song of when my husband and I met.
0,Great song good price fast download
0,Great song!
0,Which is a good thing because if you listen to this song walking down the street with headphones, that's exactly what you'll do.
0,When I heard this song the first time I knew I had to have it so I had made sure I bought it. Love the version with the Pistol Annies. Great song.
0,great
0,Love it
0,the single is ok
0,Perfect
0,This is an all-time favorite on many.
0,Love it!
0,Amazon is the place to get music, TV show and movies
0,Very catching song. Charly Puth and Megan Trainor complement each other very well. In my opinion, this is the best song for Charly Puth this far.
0,Thoroughly enjoying this new album, and looking forward to hearing more good things from this artist.
0,I first heard the song "The Ball Game" back in the 80s when I bought a cassette of gospel songs and this was one of the songs on the lineup. I never forgot it, but I couldn't quite remember the name of the lady who sung it until years later. When I saw that his song was chosen for the ending song in the new movie "42",it renewed an interest in me to purchase the song here and glad I did. although the song is on a ball game, it really is on the BIG game on one's life between Christ and Satan.
0,THANKS
0,Great Song
0,ok
0,Awesome song
0,who knew it was so easy to buy a song, put it on my phone to listen to while relaxing, exercising, worshiping.
0,Love it!
0,what a cute song. My daughter loves it and I can't wait for her to be old enough to really appreciate this wonderful movie
0,Great country song when country was really country and not a cross-over with pop and rock.  Rosanne Cash brings you to what country music is really all about.
0,good music
0,Loooove it!!!!!
0,The best do I need to say anymore
0,Mary J at her best.  This is her genre.
0,These songs get me through my work day and whenever I am working out.  My son like them, too; he's 9
0,Great song. love it, even though it's a remake.	I love 30 Seconds to Mars.
0,Nice song! like it
0,great song. Sandra K.
0,good song.
0,I have picked up way more Coldplay singles than albums.  "Atlas" is another solid entry to their body of work, with its ethereal,	atmospheric sound.
0,ONE STEP CLOSER: 4/5		Immediately after the fastest song on the album, it's followed up by the hardest one. One Step Closer was never one of my favorite songs (I've never been a very angry person in general--however, some days this song could be my best friend). But I respected the fact that even in Hybrid Theory (foreshadowing their career in general), Linkin Park could shift music styles like snapping fingers.
0,Bought for my Christmas light display.		Light O Rama
0,Ain't nothin' like Shakira and her hips. Great gym music that never gets old, and always pumps the blood through the arteries.
0,I love this song. I think the words are so true. Some relationship are just impossible no matter how much we try to fix or hold onto them, just impossible, impossible impossible.
0,One of my dance songs.
0,great song
0,NICE
0,Wonderful Music - love it very much!
0,timeless
0,Awesome!
0,I shouldn't like this song. I am a Christian, and he cusses in the chorus. I don't like Country music. But this song makes me smile and makes me feel good. I think most people who respect hard work and family would like this song.
0,Classic song , brings back good memories of the good ole days.
0,i don't listen to country much but TIM MC GRAW has changed my music perspective.  this is a song that stays with you forever & we should all adapt to this mantra!!!!
0,ok
0,Amazing rhythm. Makes you want to get up and dance. Great songs such as this are covered by other groups shortly after release. This one even has a Gaelic cover that is amazing (see it on Youtube).
0,this is the song that made me finally notice Bruno last October. sure i had heard his songs on the radio before, but i guess i just never paid much attention until this came out. now i'm a major fan!
0,SATISFIED
0,After watching the movie The Accountant which I absolutely loved and hearing this at the end. It fits the movie perfectly!
0,This song has really good albeit somewhat depressing lyrics. However it is overall an upbeat, positive song. The overall message seems to be that reality sucks but you can't give up. The music and performance are great. Fun, memorable style and dynamic beats. Very cool.
0,This was before I was on Risperdal I was not get shots  some recorded producer ask me to write this song in June 1987 when I gradurated from high school in the summer this song turn out to be hot even though the record company said I would not get  credit for it they said I need agent  too  work with the record companies and they wanted  keep secret how the Hollywood compaines work I was writing scenes I was five years old and my parents disapproved I am 45 now and till trying but is  their songs well Taylor Dayen any anys with out her voice this song would never get off the grand their is no one can pull this of but Taylor Dayne it was hers  as  a writer  in Movies and records you write as a hopefull that you get this Job	but my Creativety  got me lots of Touble by Hollywood Lawyers  most said no to me because how good I was		Hats off to Taylor Dayne  for this song in the 80's
0,I love this song, I heard it sang on "The Voice" by a contestant named De'Borah and she did an excellent job.  I wanted to purchase it the way she sang it, but I am old school and don't have all the devices to send like they suggest itunes.  So I found it on youtube by De'Borah and The Voice and I also went to my all time favorite of Amazon and found it by The Fray.		Great both ways, I just like how De'borah worked the stage on "The Voice"
0,Love it
0,I grew up with classic rock that my Dad introduced me to.  He made sure that I knew what good music was no matter what the genre!
0,of all eddie's songs this is my favorite. i guess it's because i really do love rainy nights-and rainy days!
0,good
0,My happy 'love' song :)
0,Great Song!
0,Classic songs never die.  This one will live on forever.
0,I like it!
0,Perfect... Thanks!
0,Great.
0,I'm a fan of Bond and I think this is one of  the best Bond songs out there so far!
0,Cassadee Pope with Chris Young.....great music
0,Very good!
0,Somehow I thought for years that it was really the Mommas and the Pappas that sang this song. I guess I should have realized they were mentioning the Mommas and Pappas in the song, but Pete, Paul, and Mary's vocals for this song sound so much like the Mammas and the Pappas it has me wondering if that was really their intention. I was creating a playlist of the Hippy music for myself and this song had to be added to the list. It is an all time best and will really get you moving.
0,love it
0,nice
0,My kind of music!
0,good purchase
0,The lyrics are bubble gum,  but the song is some of the best "ear candy" I've ever head.
0,Pimp C and Bun B came out in 1994 with an album with nothin but fire.  This album slams from start to finish with that old school down south feel.  The beats are melodic G-Funk, with twangy guitar and smokin keyborad riffs.  Lyrically and vocally, UGK kills in all departments.  They really know how to tear up the mic with their firey flows. The track "Feds in Town" is a gangster classic with a phat, funky beat and tight scratches. "Super Tight..." is the perfect one to pop in the six fo while hittin switches down the avenue. The mid 90's was one of the best periods in rap history, and this album is testament to it.  Don't sleep on this classic.
0,Good music buy a talented and God filled artist
0,Such a soothing and meaningful song.  Beautifully sang by one of my favorites.  We can learn from this and open our hearts to Christ.
0,Just another chart buster by the famous group Tavares. Music lovers know of what I speak!
0,good song
0,This is such a great song with an uplifting feel! It isn't sad or depressing! It has a great beat and I recommend you listen to it!
0,Great Song
0,My review is probably biased because I just love the sound of her voice. She can literally sing anything and it would sound great.
0,This is a home run of an album... a grand slam even. There are no bad songs. This is probably the best Megadeth album since "Rust In Peace". The songwriting and musicianship are outstanding, and the guitar solos are some of the best I've ever heard on any album. Fierce, furious guitar solos that color, accentuate, punctuate, and razzle dazzle throughout every song. My congratulations to the band on creating such an excellent record. Dave Mustaine is at the peak of his creative powers right here, and Kiko Loureiro is an amazing talent who might be even better than the great Marty Friedman and even Chris Poland. I recommend fans buy the version of the album that includes "Look Who's Talking", as that track is one of my favorites. I also really dig the title track, "Poisonous Shadows", "The Emperor", "Lying In State", "Post American World", etc. Great job Megadeth. You guys are the greatest thrash metal band of all time, bar none. Can't wait to catch them on tour soon.
0,If you love Linkin Park.
0,What a trip. It's great song for aerobics, running or vacuuming.
0,very good song. Love listening to this song and also love shack.  Brings back younger days. It has a very pop sound to it.
0,yep
0,He talks then he sings.
0,This is a typical recording of the song everyone knows.  It is a nice addition to a 1960's/1970's collection.  Enjoy!
0,The end of every school year, our high school would hold an all day concert featuring all the schools and their music programs for the city.  The High School was always last to perform.  The High school Concert Band along with the Choirs would come together to perform several songs together.  The Battle Hymn of the Republic was always the last song performed.  For Seniors it meant the end of High School, and one of the last memories we had.
0,One of my favorite songs.
0,I love this song and his voice is just breathtaking.
0,An absolute classic rock track!
0,nice
0,great
0,Interesting, humorous lyrics and oh-so-catchy tune and vocals. I just can't seem to get enough of this song. We'll see, though, how long that sentiment lasts....
0,I can't get this song out of my head. Love it!
0,This song is awesome! My choir at the Upper Room C.O.G. sings this song, lead by our choir director Shelea Frazier who was introduce by Stevie Wonder, they blows	the roof off the church when they sing Every Praise is to our God!
0,Well, besides everything else I like, I like Michael Jackson.  This is one of my favorite of his songs.  It's beautiful.
0,I've been a fan of Mumford & Sons ever since their triumphant "Sigh No More" first hit record stores. The second I heard "I Will Wait," I knew this was gonna be another excellent album.		I purchased the deluxe version the day it was released, actually I was waiting outside of Target 10 minutes prior to opening. This album doesn't disappoint. It touches on the awesome organic feel of "Sigh No More." They continue to have gut-wrenching giant sing alongs and have their usual ballads.		I'm running out of time at the moment, but I'll edit this later
0,Fun, upbeat song
0,After spending several years experimenting with their sound and trying to prove to the world that they, too, hate nu-metal, Linkin Park finally returned to their roots with long-player number six in 2014. Although it cannot be deemed to be a true return-to-form for the band, "The Hunting Party" tries to recapture the same levels of musical friction, energy, and all-around irresistibility first heard on 2000's debut, "Hybrid Theory." And while it never quite successfully does so, several of its songs make a valiant attempt at it.		As a result, the album does do what previous efforts (i.e. 2012's electronic rock-leaning "Living Things") failed at: Scratching your Linkin Park itch. Indeed, even though it by no means is an Earth-shattering affair, or a particularly deep one (some of the material races by without leaving much of a lasting impression on the listener), it is all-but guaranteed to satisfy both schools of fans: The old school and the new school. Indeed, does "T.H.P." possesses just enough new-ish-sounding elements to maybe turn a few new heads, while at the same time retaining that angsty rap-metal flavor that got the band to be so big in the first place. By doing so, they have created a heavy and adrenalized, yet simultaneously melodic and never out-of-control record, and one that is in the running for being the year's crowning nu-metal achievement.		There are several cameos from guest instrumentalists/vocalists spread out over the course of these twelve tracks, but of those four guest spots, only half of them are noteworthy. Helmet's Page Hamilton chips in with a catchy, cleanly-sung chorus on "All For Nothing," thus offsetting the tune's fluid, youthful rap-rock stylings really well. (The rest of the track is occupied by hip-hop-ish vocal stylings and lyrics that are primarily centered around a few really good rhymes.) The end result is a sound that recaptures the one heard on the band's earliest recordings ("All For Nothing" kind of evokes the band's fourteen-year-old hit single, 2000's "Faint")		And the other notable cameo comes in the very next song: "Guilty All The Same" finds Rakim chipping in with some great guest rapping, thus helping to further the tune's potential for heavy radio-rotation. With that said, though, it would have been one that stood out in its own right, as it is a pretty darn great mix of bobbing, lurching guitar hooks, heavy, grumbling bass lines, and tight, driving rhythms that flow perfectly into deftly sweeping and fist-pumpable choruses. Add what sounds like something that could pass for a little mini guitar solo (or a whammy bar/wah-pedal-abusing guitar lick, if nothing else), and the end result is a song that has all of the makings to be a new Linkin Park classic.		"The Hunting Party"'s other two cameos, though -- System Of A Down guitarist Daron Malakian on "Rebellion" and Tom Morello on "Drawbar" -- are both almost completely transparent. (A grave shame when considering what a great talent either of those guitarists is.) Fortunately, there are enough of other standouts found elsewhere to more-than-compensate for any of these shortcomings. Opener "Keys To The Kingdom" is one early highlight, as it is a potent mix of brutal, viscerally angsty and bratty screaming and supple, calm, sweet crooning; and "War," which almost plays like a blast of nearly full-on hardcore punk (and is a very muscular and propulsive song, needless to say), is another.		Other standouts include the groovy, staccato guitar crunch and more deft, sing-scream-rap vocals of "Wastelands"; the touching "Until It's Gone," which is a much gentler and more docile piece, a near ballad if you will, and one that is centered around, sweetly-sung choruses that are big and epic enough to require their own area code; and "Final Masquerade." The latter of these three songs might have a catchy, funky, trip-hop-esque beat, but is ultimately a number that, thanks to its utilization of some of Linkin Park's all-time best and most accomplished clean singing, kind of reminds of L.P.'s "In The End."		But the set's two biggest highlights are actually found elsewhere. "Mark The Graves" puts the album on heavier ground, as it is centered around a massive, thunderous, lumbering guitar riff. Said track also features some tricky tempo and arrangement change-ups, but again, how about that riff (!): It is as commanding and memorable as anything that six-stringer Brad Delson have ever produced! And the second arguable highpoint comes at the very end: "A Line In The Sand" is a very seamless, insanely hooky, and infectious shuffle. It transitions from effortlessly fluid rapping to hard-rocking guitar-driven crunch seemingly without even breaking sweat. The end result is the deepest and most epic tune on the whole record, hands down.		In summary, "The Hunting Party" is Linkin Park's best effort since 2003's "Meteora," and one that might not be a true "classic," but is still one that shows definite signs of improvement for the band. It is not exactly a reinvention (or even drastic expansion) of the form, meaning it is not an absolutely essential or life-altering listen. But nobody could argue that it is anything less than a really fun and enjoyable one. And at the very end of the day, could you really ask for anything more?
0,I didn't like this song at first, but I warmed up to it - I like it to work out to. Frankly rap lyrics never impress me, very materialistic. This song isn't too much different than that. Flaunting, high rolling, but hey - it sounds good, and that's the goal and  it's entertaining. Not a fan of the explicit lyrics so I bought the clean version.
0,Thx
0,After Diana Ross and the Supremes, Martha Reeves & the Vandellas were Motown's biggest female stars.  But whereas the Supremes offered listeners sophistication the music of Reeves was more in the gospel tradition.  Reeves got her big break when she was a secretary at Motown and Mary Wells failed to show up for a recording session.  The song, "I'll Have to Let Him Go," which is not included in this collection, was the first song credited to the suddenly created Martha & the Vandellas.  The original Vandellas were Annette Sterling and Rosalind Holmes, although the lineup changed over the years; the name came from combining a couple of Detroit favorites, Van Dyke Street and local singer Della Reese).  The group's second single "Come and Get These Memories" made the Top 5 of the R&B charts and the girls were on their way.  Other Top 5 hits included "Dancing in the Street," ""Nowhere to Run," "Jimmy Mack," "I'm Ready for Love," "(Love Is Like A) Heat Wave," and "Honey Chile."  These danceable R&B hits made Martha & the Vandellas the chief rivals to the Supremes until 1968, when Reeves had a nervous breakdown after a bad acid trip.  The group disbanded after a farewell concert in Detroit in 1973 and after an undistinguished solo career away from Motown, Reeves was inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame, Class of 1995.  This Millennium Collection offers up all of the group's hits, but is limited to only 11 cuts.  Consequently, while this album certainly covers the basics there is more of Martha & the Vandellas out there for you to enjoy.
0,Good album!
0,Throughout R. Kelly's career, he has flipped-flopped back and forth between being `reserved' and being `cutting-edge.' 2009's underwhelming selling&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Untitled/dp/B002LLDT86/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Untitled</a>&nbsp;(a solid, Grammy-nominated R&B album) found Kelly assimilating to new trends and rehashing classic moments. Even when `Untitled' was more `reserved,' it still managed to sport a `parental advisory' label. 2010`s&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Love-Letter/dp/B0048LDTKK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Love Letter</a>, on the other hand, finds Kelly on the more `reserved' side. That said, Love Letter is a solid, enjoyable R. Kelly album, sexual, profane references or not.  No one would cite `Love Letter' as Kelly's best necessarily, but it is certainly one of his stronger effort in recent times. Critics who prefer the more overt, `over-the-top' persona will no doubt consider this album `too tame' or even `bland.'		After the typical `corny' R. Kelly interlude ("Love Letter Prelude") which finds the singer ascending up a scale in thirds at one point, Kelly breaks into the pleasant, enjoyable "Love Letter," which is a direct contrast to the `party-it-up' themed "Crazy Night" from `Untitled.'  The chorus is simple, yet memorable: "Did you get my card/did you read my love letter/ did it touch your heart/when you read my love letter."  Subtle it may be, Kelly sounds solid and "Love Letter" proves an appropriate, enjoyable opener.  "Number One Hit" keeps up the feel-good, low-key vibe. Kelly's vocals sit atop the restrained production well, supported by strings (pads), piano, and synthesizers.  The dramatic turn of the performance at the end is a very nice touch making "Number One Hit" feel like a genuine `hit.'		"Not Feeling The Love" is nearly as enjoyable, featuring the archetypical electric-piano laden production not dissimilar from 1980s R&B.  Kelly barely breaks a sweat on the verse, but heightens the emotion near the end of the cut.  "Lost In Your Love"  is solid enough, though it is a cut where you would like for Kelly to `push himself' more as a songwriter.  Even though it is safe and could stand more direction, it is still enjoyable and by no means `filler.' "Just Can't Get Enough" is a better cut, clocking in at an incredibly brief 3:10.  The only quibble would be limited songwriting, but much like "Lost In Your Love," it still remains a pleasant cut.		"Taxi Cab" does a fine job of differentiating itself from anything Kelly has done up to this  point.  While "Taxi Cab" does fall into the `hole' of employing some of modern R&B's `bag of gimmicks,' Kelly makes the end result one that is much more positive than negative. Again working with a narrow scope of songwriting, Kelly makes this cut exciting, if for nothing else than comparing the `taxi cab' to the `hotel room.' Now that's our R. Kelly!		"Radio Message" is one of the album's best and most dynamic cuts, changing the groove from a straightforward four patter to a six feel, channeling classic R&B (think 50's and 60's).  Kelly also allows himself to stretch out vocally.  "When A Woman Loves" keeps up this `Kelly transformation,' finding `Kells' achieving some excellent vocal nuances.  The biggest quibble is that "When A Woman Loves" is too lengthy, clocking in at over five minutes.		"Love Is" featuring K. Michelle keeps the momentum high, with the only quibble being the questionable vocal mix (K. Michelle could be mixed a bit closer to the forefront of the mix).  "Just Like That" lays well, though "Music Must Be A Lady" is most definitely a show stopper!  Why is it when Kelly compares women to the inanimate that he has the most success as a songwriter? The best line - "Hey sweet soprano, I want you to meet Mr. tenor..." "A Love Letter Christmas" is appropriately place in a timely manner for the holidays, while closer "How Do I Tell Her" ends the album as strongly as it began.		Essentially, Kelly `knocks it out of the park' on this effort, albeit more conservative than say his Twelve Play albums or his assimilation to hip-hop, 2007's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Double-Up/dp/B000P29B3U/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Double Up</a>.  Regardless, Kelly has always and will always be a musical chameleon; he always pulls off whatever experiment he tries whether it is songwriting that compares ladies to any and everything or "Trapped in the Closet" with it's millions of chapters.  `Love Letter' is a must for any R. Kelly fan.
0,Eric
0,Love this.
0,This song makes me happy every time I hear it. I even made it my ringtone.
0,This is a great album.  It is not filled with the older songs them seem to be on every album of hers.
0,I really like the song.  I'm glad I can download only what I want from Amazon Digital Services.
0,This is a message song.  When I sing this song it reminds me of God's promises.  If I believe I will receive is what I get out of this song.  It is a great worship song.
0,Finally free from record companies, contracts, and the like; Nine Inch Nails mastermind Trent Reznor has unleashed "Ghosts I-IV", an entire album of instrumental work.  As a longtime NIN fan, I personally was a little apprehensive when I first approached "Ghosts", but thankfully, I ended up being pretty satisfied.  Tracks 22, 24, and 28 in particular are the most memorable moments to be heard here, as there are some great uses of the piano (!) to be heard that are peppered throughout the album.  Although at times "Ghosts" borderlines on self-indulgence, as a whole, the album is a real treat, and is a welcome departure from Nine Inch Nails' usual brand of discontent.  Clocking in at under two hours in length, "Ghosts" moves along without ever really feeling that long at all.  All in all, "Ghosts I-IV" is a more than welcome cry of freedom from Trent Reznor and co., and with more "Ghosts" promised to be appearing in the future, here's hoping that Nine Inch Nails continue to climb new heights of creativity.
0,The video for this song is obnoxious, but I love the song.  Discovered it on Just Dance 3 and purchased it the next day.  Highly recommend it for all Black Eyed Pea fans.
0,Modern alternative music at its best.  This song is a must for your portable electronic player's playlist.
0,Blown away by this pianist!! I love how each song paints a different picture. The kind of music I like to just sit down and experience.
0,Nice thinking music...
0,I think its cute that my husband sings along to this song
0,If you like classical piano you will be glad you ordered this album.  It is easy listening at it's best and you will enjoy every minute of this album.
0,Great CD!!! You'll love it
0,Bought this for a Christmas present  but great cd
0,I am a big fan of this artist and when I heard this song I knew I had to own it. It has an emotional feeling that will have you going back again and again
0,one of my faves
0,I like the music
0,great
0,this is a very soothing song that takes me back to a time (the '70s) when things were not as complicated.
0,great song	easy download	no complaints	listen to it regularly	dont regret	my	purchase	great	artist	been	follwoing his work
0,If you've ever heard of something called KARAOKE and have been forced to sit through it, you should know that Mrs. Miller lives in all of us, or maybe atleast many of our close acquaintences.  I personally like Mrs. Miller but hate Karaoke.		Mrs. Miller was the epitome of a loveable housewife singing music with the most non-hip and non-understanding of innocence and that is what makes this album great... She tried so hard and was so diligent and serious.  And the risks she took!  Sure she could have sung opera or inspirational music, and got laughed at far less (actually probably ignored) - - but whether or not her recording career was a joke on HER, the fact that she accepted the challenge to record such unlikely (then) pop and rock and roll material is what made her GREAT.		In the end, Mrs. Miller was definitely the ED WOOD of vocal-dome period.  Yet as bad as she was, it is so entertaining to hear her sing and share it with other people... for this reason I highly recommend this album...  (P.S.  Its ashame they never filmed her life story and got Shelley Winters to play her !)
0,This one really settles the nerves. I often play this when I'm taking care of the mundane household stuff after a long day. Takes the mind and mood to a more pleasant place. Great recording!
0,Great song, wanted it so purchased it
0,Great tune, lots of possibilities!
0,Gavin has that gritty , winsome voice. I listen to this over & over!!!
0,Short album full of quality music. THis album didn't have the hype and exposure that his porevious albums had but I cant imagine why great great music!
0,Very nice.
0,My son said I had to listen to this.  When it first came on I was confused as to why as it sounded like an old fashioned Italian song a la 'Mi Amore' or something.  And then it got into the more modern sounding part with a lot of bass and a good beat.  It is pretty catchy.  And at 69 cents it is well worth the download.
0,. Great song great product love buying Amazon
0,Great Song
0,What's not to like.. All the songs that made him famous.... My favorite "Man in Black."	A return to a bye gone era that you won't be sorry to revisit. A must for any country enthusiast  music collection.
0,good music
0,It's so easy to forget what to do when you face life. This song is a great reminder to keep pressing on!
0,these songs brought back memories for me i enjoyed listening to them , play them just for romance to come back once in a while for husband , the song sounded great the download was fast
0,My granddaddy would always sing this to me when I was growing up, and there are many versions done by many different artists, but I love Johnny Cash, so I went with his version.  Love this song.. it is very sweet, and brings back a lot of memories for me!
0,If you love 60's music this is a must have for your collection.  CSN had a lot of great hits and this is just one of them.
0,Summer dreaming
0,Enjoyed.
0,Great add to any alternative playlist.
0,I love songs by Jack Johnson because they always put me in a relaxed "island" frame of mind! Better Together is just a great tune.
0,I love and adore Yolanda Adams her voice is soo beautiful and each of her songs just moves you in a spiritual uplifting way. The song is great I love it I play it over and over I really cant get enough.
0,nice
0,smooth and good
0,great song for dancing or going to the rollorrink love it makes me and my wife dance nice 90s jam
0,great
0,First 2 tracks are soooo good.
0,This song is a classic for me! Still not sure if it's a Christian song or not but the lyrics are deep and meaningful, whether they be pertaining to God or a mate, they're still quite meaningful. Have loved this song for awhile.
0,love it
0,The product arrived on time. Very satisfied with the order and product.
0,Dope album from De La Soul. A Lil different sounding than their previous work but still very dope!
0,it was good
0,Great song
0,My wife and I chose this song as our wedding song on 1/1/11.  As we did our first dance we looked into each others eyes and sang to each other.  A moment I will never forget.
0,Saw these guys in concert and it was pretty dang fun. A real 60s trip. A classic recording of a great song. This is the one you've heard on the radio or in the movies.
0,Love Brantley Gilbert. Love this song
0,I enjoy these songs
0,Excellent
0,I mean, it gets stuck in your head. It's fabulous. I bought it because I was referencing it, and my kids had no idea of its power. Lol. So I had to show them. ;)
0,Awesome
0,A must in your 80's music collection. Nice trivia, this song was nominated for Song of the Year at the 1985 Grammy Awards
0,Love it.
0,I love this band. They alwas sounded like they were having a blast! Cover of the rolloing stone always makes me smile!
0,"Ooh La La" is a cool song that reminds me of the band "The Lumineers". Every time I hear "Ooh La La" I think of the movie "Without a Paddle" in which this song was featured.
0,No one sings this song like them. I heard this song on the radio years ago and it still sounds the same today with just as much feeling.
0,The Black Angels' debut "Passover" was an exciting surge back to 60s psychedelia, full of mind-bending drones, trippy guitars and a truly inspired vocalist in Alex Maas. "Direction To See A Ghost" continues things in the same vein. Granted there isn't much new to TBA's sound, but this doesn't bother me. They have such a distinguished sound already that varying it too much after just two releases was never necessary.		As with the debut, the songs tend to flow and groove endlessly. The `drone machine' saturates everything, the drums are powerful and locked, the guitar tone is perfectly fuzzy and Maas' piercing, nasally delivery is wonderfully fitting. Some songs have the tendency to drift on, but there are some real gems here. The one-two punch of "You On The Run" and "Doves" is a grand opening, with the former setting up a brooding, melancholy Velvet Underground atmosphere, only for the latter to cut through with some feel-good, sunshine pop psychedelia. Other highlights include the sombre "18 Years" and the sitar-laden "Deer-Ree-Shee". Generally, there isn't a bad song to be found here. "Directions" is another great album from The Black Angels that firmly cements them at the forefront of modern psychedelic rock.
0,Download a copy, turn down the lights, sit back, releax, hit the "play button" on your device of choice and enjoy!
0,I confess that it was either via a local alternative rock radio station andor television (Mtv?) when I first heard this thrilling alternative rock song that is More Human Than Human by White Zombie (around the time I was 14 andor 15 years old). I still have yet to make out the full meaning years later after being spellbound by the More Human Than Human song yet I admit that the music and the timing of the lyrics create a  distinctive rock song.
0,Great wedding song.
0,I bought this and Dirty Paws but both songs steal shamelessly from Edward Sharpe & Magnetic Zeros excellent song, "Home."
0,If you like Train, then you'll like this song! I absolutely love this song. Great lyrics and nice beat to it!
0,Purchased for Realtor open house- 80's music themed!
0,It remind me when I was young, great cool song, I love it.
0,THE BEST OF KEITH SWEAT WAS GIFT FOR MY BROTHER,HE ALWAYS BELIEVED HE  COULD SING LIKE THIS ARTIST,	TRUETH IS,HE NO WHERE CLOSE TO SINING LIKE THIS ARTIST,BUT HE IS LOVING HIS CD.WISH YOU COULD OF SEEN THE LOOK ON HIS FACE WHEN I TOLD HIM ABOUT THIS DEAL,AND THE CD CAME JUST IN TIME FOR HIS EVENT! YESSSSSSSSS!
0,Keith Sweat will bring it all or not at all. The beat to the song is good. This song is a duet with Athena Cage. Check out the music video. Good workout song.
0,Gets you moving every time !!!! Listened a lot of his songs and I love this one and pretty young thing.
0,What's not to like.. All the songs that made him famous.... My favorite "Man in Black."	A return to a bye gone era that you won't be sorry to revisit. A must for any country enthusiast  music collection.
0,This song makes me cry...every...time.....and it makes me want to send my husband and daughter out for more bonding time. Great song about how important a daddy is to his little girl and the time just speeds by so quickly that you have to make every moment count.
0,One of John M. very best. In his yearly career, he has so many great hits and this is just one of them!
0,Love it
0,Great song!  Bought it for back ground music while I work.  Will be back for more songs soon!!! Enjoy the great music of this generation.
0,Excellent album.
0,By being able to see the words while the song is playing gave me greater meaning to a beautiful song
0,Great Song
0,good music
0,I was told recently I had better learn this song because I'd be singing it soon.  I love this tune, sultry and pop, it's awesome.
0,Perfect
0,An eclectic assortment that effectively distills the Apple catalog down to one bite-sized collection. The obvious highlights are the two Badfinger hits, the Paul McCartney-written "Come and Get It" and the George Harrison-produced "Day After Day." There are so many Beatle-related tracks here, fans of the group wiould do well to acquire it.		But lesser known gems abound, including Jackie Lomax's "Sour Milk Sea". The song was written by George Harrison and features quite a line-up: Harrison on rhythm guitar, Eric Clapton on lead, McCartney on bass, Ringo on drums. The only weak link is Lomax, who's voice isn't much to write home about.  Otherwise its a great rocking track. James Taylor's debut album was released by Apple, represented here by "Carolina In My Mind".		Mary Hopkin's smash hit "Those Were the Days" leads off the set. Her follow-up hit "Goodbye" is out of this world. The song was written and produced by McCartney, and it is simply one of his unheralded classics. "That's the Way God Planned It" is performed by another supergroup: Preston on keys, Harrison on guitar, Clapton on lead, Keith Richards on bass, Ginger Baker on drums. Preston is also represented by his version of Harrison's "My Sweet Lord," produced by George (and preceding his own version).		Oddities pepper the CD..."King Of Fuh" by Brute Force is an amusing novelty number. "Thingumybob" was written by McCartney for the old-timey brass band Black Dyke Mills Band.  Trash's version of "Golden Slumbers/Carry That Weight" comes off like a poor man's Beatlemania (the soundalike group of the late '70s). Hot Chocolate Band's rewrite of "Give Peace a Chance" is actually pretty interesting - their newly worded stream-of-consciousness verses arguably carry more weight than Lennon's original nonsense.		With so much direct participation from all four Beatles, especially Harrison (who was involved in some way with nearly half the tracks), it's a great value for Beatles fans.
0,:)
0,I used to hear this song on the radio when I was a kid, and I thought it was so beautiful. Since then I've heard it rarely. I actually had to go through a list of all the "I miss you"s to find this one. It's sometimes hard to find his from the 80's that are no longer played because of all the one hit wonder groups there were. If your looking for a pretty song from the 80's with this title, look no further. You've found it.
0,great stuff
0,Great Song
0,I can listen to The Mavericks over and over and often do. They have such an excellent way of composing songs that either want to make you get up and dance or sit down and shut up to listen to the lyrics. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND the CD to anybody who loves music!!!!!
0,A
0,Still, the best video ever made!
0,Love this song!
0,I like Evil Woman, but I'm trying to think what other songs the ELO did. If you can send me something to let me know what other songs they did, I's appreciate it.
0,Great song.
0,It's funny and great
0,A Classic:  wonderful
0,This is an enjoyable album.  Has a real 80's sound to me.  Very easy to listen to and enjoy.  Simple melodies and nice singing.  Real pop music.	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Voice-Lessons-To-Go-Volume-1-Vocalize-and-Breath/dp/B000297VQA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Voice Lessons To Go Volume 1: Vocalize and Breath</a>
0,OMG! How I have missed hearing this kind of music from Babyface so much. I have always loved his songwriting style, his voice and Toni Braxton teaming up with him (again, finally!) was the icing on this track's (and entire CD's) cake. I can't stop playing it. Just so smooth and catchy and true! Love can be very much like a roller coaster for sure. I love the entire CD. The Hitmaker has returned (although he has still been making music all of this time)!
0,Through all these years this is one song that never gets old for me and alot of music fans..it's timeless..
0,it a good old song that I like and love listening to when I working in my cellar doing projects
0,As with all the other MP3 downloads in the series, provides lots of good music at a very modest price. Whatever blemishes may exist, they are more than compensated for by what one receives and what one pays for it.
0,I have to say this, and many may disagree with me.  This is the best Vai music to date.  The positives - Steve Vai has always been way out there with his beliefs and jargon but this is the first CD in a while that really is true to his music.  Here is what I mean.  Some of his stuff and weird sounds, screaming, deamons, chains echoing, strange lyrics, and just overall a weird funk vibe.  Finally, he has come out with music that is just music.  There are no weird sound effects and hellish sounds in the background.		The positives: Creamsicle Sunset, Mullach a' tsi, and Sunshine Electric Raindrops are phenomenal!  The best Vai ever!	John the Revelator, a redone song aboslutly ROCKS!  The song is a wall of sound and has to be followed up by Creamsicle Sunset just to let the brain relax after so much rushes at you.	Vloorum and Gravity Storm are very fun rock tunes.		1. The Story of Light	2. Velorum	3. John the Revelator	4. Book of the Seven Seals	5. Creamsicle Sunset	6. Gravity Storm	7. Mullach a' tS&iacute;	8. The Moon and I	9. Weeping China Doll	10. Racing The World	11. No More Amsterdam	12. Sunshine Electric Raindrops		Any disappointments - Who and the heck knows what the Story of light is supposed to be about and how all of Steve's weird thoughts form a story with the actual music.  After reading the story of light liner notes - I have to say that Steve has kept the weirdness about him!  However, I must admit that the bonus material is fun to listen too.  Steve seems like a down to earth kind of guy.  As far a musical disappointments, the reading at the end of the Story of Light (the first song) ruins the overall music and listening pleasure of the very first tune.  Not complaining but the first half of the song is so very cool, then turns strange/boring/unenjoyable with the reading.  This is just an opinion and may not be shared by all.		The result overall, when you get down to the music, is that this CD is just plain awesome.  Warning, trying to listen to other music after listening to this CD is difficult because the overall sound quality is totally awesome as well.  Way to go Steve.  MAD		UPDATE: After several months of listening, this album still rocks.
0,I recommend this product.
0,FABULOUS ARTISTS AND ARRANGEMENT
0,One of my favorite singers of all time
0,Great song!
0,Great thx
0,A very good bio, with performances by the band.  Very interesting to hear these guys talk about what all they went through to 'make it' despite a lot of naysayers.  This band has been blessed with top-notch talent and writing throughout their career.  Glad I've been there throughout it!!
0,I loved it the first time through.  Good raw Americana from a higher ground.  Mr. Millsap, when are you playing in Denver?
0,love it
0,Great song.
0,A good country song on my Sansa Fuze I enjoy every day as  I work. Enjoy these country songs. Love it
0,love the song
0,Love it.... rocking to the radio going down the road.
0,Nice..
0,an old song that I really like
0,music for the soul, with meaning and understanding, i do not want to say any more word on this subject
0,I love just about everything this band has ever done, and this is no exception.  What a blessed relief it was to hear this album in the middle of the alternative rock dominance of the time.  The melodies are astounding, and Lou Gramm could still belt 'em out at this point--although his voice was clearly a bit lower by this time.  "Under The Gun" was the first track I heard--on rock radio.  It is a classic Foreigner rock song.  I sometimes wish the album had more rockers like this, but it is impossible not to fall in love with many of the other songs.  "Until The End Of Time" is an unbelievable ballad that should have been a huge it; for some reason it barely dented the charts!  "All I Need To Know" is a heart-felt touching and yet somewhat uptempo song about a friendship on the verge of becoming a romance.  "Running The Risk" is another anthem that just tugs on the heart strings.  All of the songs on this album have that Foreigner touch--even if it isn't quite the classic "rocking" sound of the old stuff.  Still very much a recommended listen for long-time Foreigner fans.
0,I recently attended a funeral where this song was played.  It was "sooo" beautiful; it brought tears to my eyes.  This is one of only two religious songs on my MP3.  Elvis was first with "Precious Lord Take My Hand".
0,I have this on vinyl, finally added it to my digital collection. With Randy Crawford's vocals, this is a great song.
0,Romantic song great listening, and dancing. This is iconic, Barry White and Michael Jackson, perform and now we have lost both of them.
0,I just love listening to the songs from the 60s, they take me back to a time that I was young and alive.
0,ok
0,As we use to say in the old days, play it until the grooves wear out...
0,The very first note makes me smile. By the end of the first chorus I'm bound to be in a better mood.
0,Great song love it brought back memories of High school and lost loves.. Young Love, Football games and driving home in the back of the hottest guy in school's truck, well I thought he was....
0,Very nice - good to work-out to
0,Prime Cuts: Jesus Saves, Solid Rock (with Jamie Grace), Fill Me Up		On her preceding debut studio "Grace," we met Cobbs.  A Spirit-imbued worshipper brimming with a holy passion bursting at the seams, we were awed by how she belted out worship sizzlers such as "For Your Glory," "Grace," and "Break Every Chain."  But somehow her energetic verve had been circumscribed on her debut studio album.  Now, with "One Place Live," we find Cobbs uncaged as she delivers what is over an hour's worth of dynamic worship.  Here she rips and roars with a holy abandonment.  Here she soothes and stings with her Godly Scripture-soaked words.  And here she rattles and shatters inviting us into a Spirit-led experience.  Recorded live at Redemption Church in Greenville, South Carolina, with thousands of worshippers in attendance, "One Place Live" is signature Tasha Cobbs - replete with passionate, heart-tugging songs that instantly infuse the spirit.		Tasha Cobbs is one of the breakout stars of the Gospel music industry. Her #1 national debut, "Grace," remains at the top of Billboard's Gospel Albums chart two years after it was released. That album netted Cobbs a Grammy Award, three Dove Awards and three Stellar Gospel Music Awards. Cobbs encompasses everything that makes a Gospel artist influential and relevant both inside and outside the four walls of the church: purity of heart; a singular, God-focused passion for ministry; and an unwavering commitment to musical excellence.  "One Place Live," her much anticipated follow-up, is produced by Vashawn Mitchell.  It is already causing waves on radio as lead single "Jesus Saves" is already a #1 smash.		Cobbs starts off well with "Immediately;" a joy-saturated praise anthem with lots of singalong segments, choir directors would do well to incorporate it into their repertoire.  Her passion for Jesus through her terse (but powerful) testimony sharing moment at the intro of "Jesus Did It" reveals Cobbs' Jesus besotted heart.  But if you are looking for those smooth R&B style worship ballads sung with a throttle full of emotions, then "Fill Me Up" is right up your alley.  In the same trajectory is the lead single "Jesus Saves."  While many Gospel artists think they can get away with a poorly structured song with their live impromptu rantings, "Jesus Saves" takes no short cuts.  Rather, telling the story of Christ's redemption with perspicuity, "Jesus Saves" is a deftly crafted song.		This time around, Cobbs has invited a few guests to sing with her.  While Kierra Sheard joins Cobbs on the somehow predictable Gospel shut-out "Put a Praise On It," Jamie Grace's duet here is something to write home about. "The Solid Rock" finds Cobbs breaking out of her comfort zone in tackling what is an acoustic-sounding piece with flashes of country, reggae, and folk all mixed into it.  Fans who are willing to invest in this album need to be aware that "One Place Live" comes in five different configurations: CD (11 tracks); Digital Album (11 tracks); Limited Tour Edition (Wal-Mart Exclusive / 15 tracks); Digital Deluxe (16 tracks) and Vinyl (8 tracks).		If you love her previous album "Grace," you will love this new record even more.  Here Cobbs feels freer and more herself in delivering what is more than an hour's worth of worship without walls.
0,Something about the tune sounds vaguely familiar, like it's a rearrangement of another of Dwight's songs. Looking forward to the album's release.
0,This album really has all you need from them. Candlebox is one of those bands that defiantly jumped on the Grunge band-wagon that conquered the early 90s in Alternative Music. The only problem is that they weren't as good as the bands they were most likely influenced from. Nirvana, Pearl Jam, Alice In Chains, and Soundgarden were just so much better and created a legacy in the trail they left behind. Candlebox just sort of had a moment where people enjoyed the sound of Grunge so much they were desperate for more and they heard "Far Behind" and instantly called it worthy. You could arguably say Candlebox is a one hit wonder, I disagree with that statement but its understandable why others might think that. What's included on this best of is really the best of what they put out. Everything here is really all you need to hear to truly see what they had to offer to music. Its a shame things didn't really work out for the band, but it probably wouldn't of mattered because its not like they put out anything that really defined a generation.
0,LOVE THIS SONG.
0,Great tune
0,We lost Jose this year, but his song will always reminds us of him at Christmas. It's become another timeless classic.
0,Great buy and fast
0,love it
0,Item came fast and was as described, I would purchase again.
0,one of my great songs i had to have and purchased twice first was on another music service then on amazon which gave a good deal on fast car and some others i purchased. i would recommend amazon to some of my friends for some good deals if they didn't know about amazon.
0,Beautiful music ! Highly recommend !
0,I like this album far more than I thought I would. I initially thought it would be a lot of music lamenting the fact that they are now far older than when they were in their heyday and I also thought maybe their voices would sound sadly aged as well. Very nice and thought provoking music. I gambled on buying this album thinking there was a good chance I wouldn't like it, but thankfully I was wrong.
0,Good !!
0,I like a lot of Jason Aldean's music.  The lyrics are good and I think that his voice is great.
0,Thank you Mr. Groove !!! .  I have played this CD over and over again in my car and in the house. I am sure my neighbors wish I would play something else!!!The songs stay in my head and make me smile. OMG when I heard Mr. Woo-Woo (Jeffrey Osborne) singing I was totally HOOKED.	Thank you Mr. Groove!!!
0,Great.
0,Hol up, Hop up, We them boys!
0,I love this song, but wish I had known it was free on a different prime album.
0,Always a classic
0,No problems. Thanks.
0,I Love all my songs that I have purchased from Amazon Prime ! Also I believe Amazon is the very best company I've ever known !!!
0,nice song
0,Nutini's best song. Had it on my iPod for years, now have it on my new Kindle Fire HD. Sounds great, too.
0,When it has came down to Sting's songwriting, he has shown a lot for his solo work, but that also worked very well with the intimacy of The Police, and the way they captured a beautiful sound. The songs from Rock and Pop still have stood the test of time, nearly 30 years after their last record Synchronicity. But out of all the songs the trio had done, the one that has stood the test of time and beyond in Every Breath You Take. It is definitely one of the most iconic songs of all time that has put words beyond what could ever be said. I like the song not only because of the rhythm, but it really takes me back to a time when music was really becoming all about fads in the 80's, but this songs goes beyond the fads, and stays true to the song. Sting may have wrote it in regards to a divorce, but the song is definitely a must download for any Police fan, or for anyone who had never heard their music before.		Song: A
0,This music track is one of the best I've listened to.		It's so mysterious.		If you like music that takes your breath away, this one is for you.
0,I love music, downloads great, nice song and have a lot of  other songs by this artist, am a music lover.
0,Good music
0,I LOVE THE STYLE OF THESE GUYS AND WITH FRED HAMMOND ON BOARD IT JUST MAKES IT EVEN BETTER!!  UNITED TENORS ROCK!!
0,Great sound. Excellent! One of my favorite instrumentals.  A classic.	A few years ago, some one had a vocal version, ruined it.
0,love it
0,This is a good song, I like this song, it is by a good artist, I would buy it again.
0,Quite beautifully put together. The collection of piano virtuosos is quite astounding which makes this album very listenable with that variation of style.
0,Great song
0,I love this song these brothers can sing and had great harmony much better than today's music RIP Marvin Junior
0,This Track Simply Is Dope Ad Hell!!!! LLP
0,I think it's safe to say that the demographic that listens to smooth jazz prefers intrumental ONLY! Luckily there are only three vocal tracks on this otherwise stellar performance. I just hope Brian Culbertson doesn't lose me like Boney James did when he went mostly R & B.	  I know alot of uninitiated listeners just cannot connect with a musical piece without human vocals telling them exactly how to feel...That is their problem! The instrumental tracks are just what you've come to hear from Brain Culbertson all of these years! My favorite instrumental track is "Madelena".	  It is mysterious and passionate at the same time.	  All I have to do to avoid those three black R & B cross-over tracks is to look for the words "(featuring)" and skip over those tracks.	  If we wanted Black R & B, we would have downloaded Brandy or Janet Jackson...Not Brian Culbertson!
0,I love this song.
0,Nothing can match the soul in Whitney's rendition of the Dolly Parton classic.  See if you can get through it all without crying and cursing her for leaving so soon.
0,The version I remember hearing on the radio!
0,Nice sounding voice.
0,Awesome!
0,One of my favorite songs and it seems appropriate to listen to now.
0,I LOVE THIS SONG!  WONDERFUL!!
0,LZ's second offering, and nonstop power from start to finish
0,Jake E. Lee!  Enough said!
0,Jazz at it's finest, smooth, straight to the point excellent to work and listen too.  Chill out, boop the head, superb distant driving music. Kem is a great artist. Do not ever stop dreaming your creativity is right on the money.
0,love the oldies.
0,I am glad I bought this. It is exactly what was described and it was a good price. Get it.
0,I love the Amazon Cloud!  Songs download in minutes and are available to listen to.  I like being able to purchase one song and not the whole album.
0,This is an amazing worship song!	I absolutely love it!!
0,I forgot how much fun Ray Stevens was till I found this.  I wonder why nobody makes silly songs anymore.
0,An 2Pac classic that demands you go hug your own mother.
0,Great song...
0,Always liked the melody
0,One of her best songs o on her album Rhythm Nation. She has a great voice and can movie like her brother did. She is an amazing performer who career will continue wow us.
0,I had the record album however everything is on CDs today.  I have always liked this song.  I can relate to it especially this winter wanting to go South for warm weather.  It relates to everyone heading South for sunshine and warmth.  I remembered I can download it on Amazon.  Great.
0,This song is very inspirational and Lauren's voice accentuates the power of the spiritual message. Just a beautiful combination of music and message.
0,Love Whitney!
0,When I first heard this song I just feel in love with taylor Swift and ed Sheeran singing together they sound amazing tother.		One of my favorite singing dou's.
0,Great music!
0,I was never a big Doors fan but I like this song.
0,Makes my heart soar every time I hear it, for all those loves you thought would never happen or all those loves you are waiting for, believe and maybe one day they will see....
0,Everything she touches turn to gold and this CD is no exception great music.
0,Great listening.
0,this is a classic and you just got to love this one !
0,Not sure
0,LOVE IT!!		I always love anything from LITTLE BIG TOWN and this is way up on my list.		Try it!!
0,Great song!
0,Another great old song from long ago that is on my Sansa fuze to enjoy daily at work. The old songs when music was great.
0,5*
0,Memories
0,heard this song on the radio and loved it
0,Great music.
0,Excellent
0,Great relaxation and meditation music. I have to repeat this review several times to keep my amazon review word count up to an acceptable level.	Great relaxation and meditation music. I have to repeat this review several times to keep my amazon review word count up to an acceptable level.	Great relaxation and meditation music. I have to repeat this review several times to keep my amazon review word count up to an acceptable level.	Great relaxation and meditation music. I have to repeat this review several times to keep my amazon review word count up to an acceptable level.	Great relaxation and meditation music. I have to repeat this review several times to keep my amazon review word count up to an acceptable level.	Great relaxation and meditation music. I have to repeat this review several times to keep my amazon review word count up to an acceptable level.	Great relaxation and meditation music. I have to repeat this review several times to keep my amazon review word count up to an acceptable level.	Great relaxation and meditation music. I have to repeat this review several times to keep my amazon review word count up to an acceptable level.
0,Never had a girlfriend named Leah.....but the song makes you want to go out and get one.  This song Rocks......you have heard it before.....now take it home.
0,Amazing Album!!!!
0,Great track
0,This live album is exactly how Van Halen sounds live in concert. No vocal overdubbs. DLR talks his way through songs, almost always off key, but hey Rock n' Roll ain't perfect! I'll take Diamond Dave anyday over some prerecorded vocal tracks or autotune. Saw the 2012 tour in St. Louis, this cd is just like the show I attended. Eddie, Alex, and Wolfgang are spot on. Dave's Dave, despite his vocal short commings he's still a great front man! Great setlist too! If you want a real live album buy this now! If you want something that sounds exactly like the studio recordings stick with them.
0,It's sweet!
0,I really enjoy Rihanna's music and when she performed this song with Britney on one of the award shows that pretty much sealed it that I would like this song & would have to get it.
0,Love the message and the tune... the singer drones on and on at the end, though, detracting from the power of the message.
0,Why couldn't have been August rain? November rain is chilly and sometimes frozen making the roads slick.
0,Great song
0,Not your typical country & western offering.  Steve Earle is a bit of an outlaw in the C&W field, and it's refreshing to hear a truly unique song with an atypical theme.  Musicianship is superb on this song well done!  Also it's become a very popular line-dance tune and that's good news for Steve Earle, b/c a whole group of people who never heard his music before, are now being exposed to the magic of Mr. Earle.
0,I get a kick out of this song.
0,Yet another great Four Seasons song!
0,I love this very original sounding song, she does it very well.
0,This is everything I have come to expect from Jackyl.  JJD always writes great, rowdy rock songs and there is a really cool remake of Everyone's A Winner.
0,Every teenager should be required in high school to have at lest a semester in classical music - we would have an entire generation of calmer children.	Share this with someone who needs a lesson in relaxation.	The Philharmonic orchestra did a beautiful rendition  on this piece.
0,All my life I've gone back and forth regarding which band I loved the most - Basie for his swinging blues or Ellington for his sophisticated compositions. This album only confuses me all the more, but also delights me.		The selections are superb, but the arrangements on this album tend to underscore Ellington's bands strengths. At least to my ears it sounds that way. But I am not complaining because the musicianship is mind boggling.		I am reviewing the CD version of this album, which contains the original eight tracks. The product page for the CD - at the time of this review - does not have sound samples. For those I recommend that you go to the page for the MP3 version of the album,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/First-Time-The-Count-Meets-The-Duke/dp/B0013DCCS6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">First Time! The Count Meets The Duke</a>, which not only contains representative sound samples for the original eight tracks, but an additional seven bonus tracks that were released with the reissue of this album. Those sound samples will convey more information in a few seconds of sound snippets than I can possibly describe in words. Since reviews are crosslinked between both formats you may already be on the MP3 version's page.		Although I will not attempt to describe the music, I will point out some of the reasons I love this album. First is the piano duets that feature both the Duke and the Count. Their styles are so radically different that hearing them together is a study in contrasts that perfectly complement one another. If ever there was a musician definition of Yin and Yan this is it.		As a drummer I enjoyed picking out the contrasts between Sam Woodyard whose style made innovative use of pitch as well as rhythm, and Sonny Payne who knew how to set up each phrase in a composition and swing the band like crazy. However, as a musician, the melodic and harmonic complexities of each arrangement and the solos were a joy and a learning experience.		Here is who marched into Columbia's 30th Street Studio in NYC on July 6, 1961 and made this all possible:		BRASS SECTION	Trumpet:  Cat Anderson, Willie Cook, Eddie Mullens, Ray Nance, Sonny Cohn, Lennie Johnson, Thad Jones and Snooky Young.		Trombone: Juan Tizol, Louis Blackburn, Lawrence Brown, Henry Coker, Quentin Jackson and Benny Powell.		REEDS AND WIND SECTION (some personnel double on instruments and will be repeated  under more than one category)		Clarinet: Jimmy Hamilton, Russell Procope and Marshall Royal	Alto Sax: Johnny Hodges, Russell Procope, Marshall Royal and Frank Wess	Tenor Sax: Jimmy Hamilton, Frank Wess, Paul Gonsalves, Frank Foster and Budd Johnson	Baritone Sax: Harry Carney and Charlie Fowlkes	Flute: Frank Wess		RHYTHM SECTION	Piano: Duke Ellington and Count Basie	Guitar: Freddie Green	Bass: Aaron Bell and Eddie Jones	Drums: Sam Woodyard and Sonny Payne		If you love Ellington, Basie or both this is an album to own. I recommend the MP3 version because of the seven bonus tracks, but either way this is a slice of history that we can all be thankful that it happened.
0,I love this song. I wanted to get it. It is a great song to listen to when I mow the lawn.
0,Great country song with very meaningful lyrics.  Many people would classify this as an oldie, but the style is definitly contemporary.
0,You don't hear music like this anymore. Added to my Kindle music for enjoyment when in the car through Aux speakers.
0,Heard the whole cd this is one of the stronger cuts on the Album look forward to new music  from Ed.
0,I love it!!
0,Fun, catchy, entertaining, and clean enough for the whole family.
0,I conecred this rating because I love the song an listen to it when I was younger. It is Good song
0,Okay we all know this song from back in the day, and it is still as fun of a song today as it was back then. Just a fun song to hang out chilling to.
0,I wanted to add this song to my collection.  I now have a larger MP3 player with room for more music so I am adding additional songs that I didn't have room for before.
0,Another blast from the U2 past
0,LOVE IT!!!!!! This is a fantastic song! I listen to it all the time. Thanks to a friend for suggesting it!
0,Excellent
0,would buy like this again been waiting for this for a while now and it is as good as i thought
0,This was my only song that I liked by this band! I remember doing a lot of partying to this song
0,Awesome song to uplift you!
0,If you could have just one of their songs this should be it. A variety of styles in one song. Great harmonizing and fun lyrics.
0,Happy Happy -Joy Joy , what else can you say ? I thought it sounded allot like another song too but really can't place it now ... nice song though .Happy Song : )
0,Good to have this album turned on before going to bed.
0,another great song from my past.even the kids of today love this type of music. Thanks for bringing back my past.
0,This song is true.  I found love but didn't or couldn't know that at that time.  This song helps me think back and know that i was in that mode of trying anything doing anything to just move away from whatever.
0,I was currently sitting on a plane while deciding to listen to this song, No I don't listen to the previews cause I thought some other songs were rubbish while listening to the crappy 30 second preview, but now I regret that. So I buy them and listen to them, Use Somebody is great song, not great if you don't like Kings of Leon, but it's a good song.
0,This is my favorite praise song!! He took an ole time Gospel song and brought into the twenty-first century!!  Holy Dance Jam!
0,The song played in my computer and mp3 player without any problems. I can listen to it anytime I want. Thank you Amazon!
1,I had to buy this giant album to get a few songs that weren't available on other albums. Some of the songs are worth it, but most are just repetitive and annoying.
1,This is an uninspired effort by guitar luminary Warren Haynes, backed by Railroad Earth, the popular so-called "newgrass" band from New Jersey.  Warren Haynes is a perennial winner of Guitar Player magazine's guitarist of the year and has backed such greats as The Allman Brothers Band, The Grateful Dead, and jazz guitarist John Scofield.  He is also co-founder and frontman of the blues rock quartet, Gov't Mule.  Haynes produced this album and wrote most of the songs.  He has never particularly shone in these roles nor as a vocalist, however, and is most noted for his guitar work.		This outcome of this album is, thus, not surprising (although one might have hoped for more synergy between Haynes and Railroad Earth).  There is more acoustic instrumentation and much more of a folk-rock feel to this than his work with Gov't Mule.  Perhaps this is why he chose to be backed by Railroad Earth.  At any rate, Railroad Earth, while competent musicians, are hardly virtuosos and it feels as though Haynes is dragging them along.		The album overall has a leaden feel to it.  "Gold Dust Woman", the rock classic by Stevie Nicks and sung on this album by Grace Potter, utterly fails to capture the dynamism and tension of the Fleetwood Mac original.  Haynes musters some energy, however, for country classic "Coal Tattoo", by Billy Edd Wheeler, and his own composition, "Beat Down the Dust", both of which also have appealing working class political themes.
1,Used to like it - liked it enough to puchased it, but it was so overplayed that I can no longer listen to it.
1,CRAP CRAPCRAP double crap.... crap on a bun crap to slap.... don't buy it in my opinion.  UGLY UGLY.UGLY. Extremely UGLY.
1,I like it
1,Waste of time and money.
1,great song, though it can get annoying
1,dull, raunchy and full of blubber. same ol', same ol' trash! Milions sold, and I don't know why. I mean, find real music that makes you smile and dance
1,When it has came down to Beyonce' Knowles, and today's divas, she has became the most overexposed product in music today. Sadly, the quality of her voice has died and so has she in songs. But nevertheless, when she was a part of Destiny's Child, she made the decision to make a solo effort and try and prove she is more in voice and heart. Her solo debut song Crazy In Love is the very least her benchmark into her solo work, and the beginning of her relationship with her husband Jay-Z. They have had other collaborations for her career like the wasted Deja Vu, and the recent Drunk In Love which sounded more like a waste of time in voice and heart, and Bonnie & Clyde '03. It isn't a good song, because it has been overplayed but the very least it is her best work with her husband. Still, there needs to be better in voice and being crazy in love.		Song: D+
1,A VERY POOR MODIFICATION OF THE ORIGINAL...REALLY BAD !
1,liked her better before she discovered the wonderful world of hip hop.
1,I choose this rating because it is a ok song. They have done songs that I like better then this one.
1,Didn't like at all.  Don't know why I bought it.  Anyone want it?
1,It's a lot longer than the other versions.
1,1 is not for song itself but for the clean version which still contains the "B" word defeating my whole purpose for buying this version.
1,I know I'm going to get lambasted for this so before I begin, please note that I really wanted to like this album, and I'm only writing this review for those who are up in the air in terms of whether or not they think they want to buy Korn III. For those who are die-hard Korn fans and are insistent upon giving it a 5-star review after a single listen regardless of the quality or content, this review is not for you.		I'm not going to review each track, because once you've heard the first few you'll get the idea. Ever since 'Untouchables', there has been a noticeable yet steady decline in the quality of Korn albums, and for those of you who think I'm dumb enough to blame this squarely on the departure of Head, both 'Untouchables' and 'Take a Look in the Mirror' featured Head as the lead guitar. 'Untouchables' was a good album, not great. 'Mirror' was still decent, and I'll admit that there are a few redeeming tracks on both 'See You on the Other Side' and the 2008 edition of the self-titled album. However, a few redeeming tracks does not make up a whole album.		I think its safe to say the the "Korn sound" was lost after 'Issues', and the band started putting together as many tracks as they could with little regard to the way they would flow on an album. When you listen to their early work, the band wrote songs that were emotionally driven from "Daddy" on their debut album to "Somebody Someone" off of 'Issues.' With the release of 'Untouchables', the Korn tracks took on a surprisingly familiar pattern that was introduced back in the 1950s. With each track, it took little imagination to know when the song would change tempo or launch into a 'catchy' chorus. This is not to say the albums released since 2000 have been bad, they just aren't worthy of a 5-star rating.		This new release sounds closer to "Mirror" than the last two, but it lacks the creativity that really separated Korn from the rest of the nu-metal one-hit-wonders polluting the radio waves. Does Jon Davis sound angrier on this album than the last two? Yes. Does he growl more? Sure. Are the lyrics memorable. No. Does the music stand out? Not really. I sometimes also get caught up in giving a new album a remarkable review after one listen because I've been starved for new material, but lately I've been taking the time to really listen before I judge, and I ask myself if I'll feel the same about the record 6-months or a year down the road. In 6 months, listeners will have stopped reviewing this new release and they'll forget how they initially heard it the first time they popped in the CD or turned it on via an MP3 player. They'll be listening to the older albums and telling everyone how the new album just isn't that great.		I don't want to rip the band because they're still one of my favorites, but a band should realize that once the angst and the creativity is gone they need to find new channels of expression. Either that or spend more than a few weeks in the recording studio and really dig deep for something from the soul. The album is not terrible, but it's unremarkable and candidly, it's also forgettable. My $.02
1,I really do hate it, played out
1,I really love Bad Religion. I saw them in Calgary in 2009 and was third from the front. Greg Graffin pointed at me several times. I remember during American Jesus, the guy next to me put his arm around me as we shouted the lyrics out. That was a seriously amazing time.		2010 would have been an awesome music year. Iron Maiden, my favorite band, put out their best album yet: The Final Frontier. In other news, Avenged Sevenfold released the half-assed Nightmare, Linkin Park continued their downfall with A Thousand Suns, and then this. Now I'll admit I did half expect this from Bad Religion- Everything after The Gray Race disappointed me (minus The Process of Belief and a few tracks from Empire).		The Day The Earth Stalled is a nice, fast paced opener, although it could have been longer. 3/5		Only Rain is easily the best track off the album and the closest to the Bad Religion I love. Great lyrics too. 5/5		Resist Stance is reminiscent of Suffer, so I like it a lot, plus Greg sounds awesome! 4/5		Won't Somebody- OK now this is where the album takes a nosedive. This could have been in a Tim Horton's commercial, it is that bland. 2/5		The Devil in Stitches- Boring. 1/5		Pride and the Pallor- Ditto.		Wrong Way Kids has a catchy chorus and that's about it. 2/5		Meeting of the Minds is a song that had potential to be great- they were going in the right direction when the did it, but they got to the chorus... what a disappointment. 3/5		Someone to Believe- OK seriously this is ridiculous. I cant believe Bad Religion did this. This sounds like post Nimrod Green Day (and I don't mean that in a good way) 0/5.		Avalon- HELL YES!!!!!!!!! FINALLY beneath the grime is a kickass face melter. Seriously this is why I listen to Bad Religion 5/5.		Cyanide is just as good as Avalon. 5/5		Turn Your Back On Me, Ad Hominem (yuck) and the last 2 tacks are all boring and bland ways to o out.		In short this album is a disappointment. It's about time they hung it up.
1,Here we go again, more dreary tosh from a favorite with a phenomenal backlist. Nothing good for years now, and these mainly dreary and uninspired acoustic covers left me cold. For me the life has been knocked out of these songs. She could at least have finally covered 'Smoke on the Water' which has been a fun request at concerts. Why oh why doesn't she get back with John Leventhal and a band and get some punch back into her music. Has the creative magic finally dried up? Dar Williams for example is still delivering every time. Really disappointed.
1,I love Irish music but these selections are all instrumental and lack the fire that usually is part of Irish music.  Stick with Tommy Makem.
1,This song is boring, unenergetic, and as generic as you can get. Just overproduced crap made to cater to boring-a$$ FM radio easy-listening for doctor's offices format.
1,I bought this and I hat eit the words are discusting!
1,NEVER DOWN-LOADED EITHER
1,it was returned no credit for return on my debit card  jserrone4@gmail.com
1,I loved A Fine Frenzy's first two albums so much that I bought this one despite what I had heard about it.  It is rather lackluster almost the entire way through.  A good album to lull me off to sleep.  Sorry.
1,Not really a good Mary cd
1,This song has a nice beat to it but when I listen to the words that are sung, it becomes sexual. I am not a fan of songs that influence the minds of any sexual behavior.
1,Alanis Morrisette's third studio effort opens with her essaying to us the twenty one things she wants from a lover--another in a long line of "overshares" this once compelling artist foists on her seemingly adoring fans.  As with her sophomore effort, only to a greater degree, Morrisette manages to bog down her potent melodies with cluttered, New Age garble--it's criminal that she has such a way with a hook, considering that she continues to betray her own best efforts with her overly verbose, undisciplined style of songwriting.  Tracks such as 'Hands Clean' and 'Surrendering' chug along with terrific urgency--until you attempt to listen to the lyrics.  In fact, about two minutes into each track, you'll be scratching your head wondering"When is THIS song going to end?"  It makes one long for the days when this screaming banshee was singing about going "down" on her lover in a theater.  Do yourself a favor, sweep this under the rug--and leave it there.
1,No talent, this slut needs to sit down! And this message go to all the culture bandits stealing our music! Back off!
1,Did not like at all.  A family member asked me to purchase this.  REally didn't want to because it was so bad.
1,It seems like he accepts any project that is offered to him. Soulja Boy really? Horrible remix of a horrible song.
1,This is NOT a piece of music.		It is only used for tuning up an orchestra or instrument.		Unless you want to tune your musical instrument, DO NOT DOWNLOAD.		All this is is a single tone, DO NOT DOWNLOAD.
1,When it has came down to Robin Thicke's music, he has had some really good ballads and definite seductive love songs like Lost Without U, and The Sweetest Thing as well as Magic. But he really took his music into a 180 degree turn, and turned that magic, and made a wasted time in his work with Blurred Lines, the lead single with T.I. and Pharrell from his upcoming Blurred Lines really doesn't ignite. In fact, it makes him less of a sex symbol with his songs, and turns into a silly noise. I really didn't like the song at all. It definitely feels like the weakest thing he has ever recorded in his decade-long career in music. I hope he never records something like this ever again. Let us hope there is much better in his career when his next album comes out soon.		Song: F
1,Perhaps this wouldn't sound so bad if Carly's originals weren't so great. I don't own this disc, but the samples are unconvicingly bad. I respect those who like this, but to my ears she sounds worn out. Sorry Carly, I'm RUNNING back to the original versions.
1,This is the most God-awful piece of dung i have ever heard. How in tarnation was this song so popular?? I'll tell ya how...The general public has bad musical taste! No...wait...it's the God-forsaken mainstream media...they control what gets played on the radio and provide their puppet/dj with a "playlist" of whatever the powers that be want them to play. Production-wise, the dreadful,un-original horn sample used in this song sounds like a Puff Daddy ripoff sample. It's very 1996 and sound like a Kool and the Gang wanna be horn riff.
1,I don't expect Dream Theater to make another great album like WDADU, Images and Words, or Awake. But I do expect them to sound like a talented band with a great chemistry, energy, and creative edge. The Astonishing sounds like a bunch of burned out musicians laying down some tracks over a early 90's Boss drum machine...Maybe next time
1,family member downloaded for their mp3
1,MACKLEMORE SUCKS!
1,song
1,Hate it
1,I didn't order this, no clue how it shows up on my "write a review".
1,It's alright
1,Not my favorite song by them
1,How annoying is this song? He says shake about 50x and it gets so damn repetitive.		2 stars.
1,rerst in peace whit nevber liked your bubblegum material but you had a cool voice anyway since everybody wanna think abouit the good times this tune brought this will make you remember the voice and remember kids crack is wack.
1,I was stoked to find a big collection of old music on Amazon. But as I listened to them I started noticing the tone was all wrong for 1950's recordings. So I played it again and found some of the songs I remember hearing from old records were definitely re-recorded for this collection. To me it's a waist of time to buy re-recordings of old songs unless it's A LIVE PERFORMANCE and CD's or mp3's should be clearly labeled as such! If you are looking to replace long lost records, forget this this album it has little to do with any of the music you remember.
1,Free download..  kinda blah, but can't resist free...  lol
1,I will cut straight to the chase with this review. This album while better than Chicken N Beer is still suspect. The problem with it is that Ludacris is trying too hard to pander to the ladies instead of being that gifted MC we all know he's capable of being. This album sounds like the wack albums that LL Cool J has been recording after The G.O.A.T. Before I get to what makes this album bad I will talk about the good.		Hey Ho feat Lil Kim and Lil Fate is not bad. B.O.T.S. Radio feat I.20 and Shawnna is cool too. The Intro fools you because it causes you to believe that this album is going to be hot which you will hear later on is not. My Chick Bad feat the extremely overrated Nicki Minaj and the remix feat Eve, Diamond and Trina might get some rotation. Tell Me A Secret with Ne-Yo gets a pass too. That is where it stops.		The Bad: How Low is perhaps the most boring club record in recent memory. I don't care how many times the radio tries to beat that song into your subconscious, the track sucks! Equally boring tracks would follow in the form Cant Live With You feat Monica(which is a waste of her talent and your time), Party No Mo feat Gucci Mane and Everybody Drunk feat Lil Scrappy. I Know You Got A Man must be the most painfully bad song for the ladies that I've heard next to Ja Rule's Mesmerized feat Ashanti. I hope I'm not the only one that thinks that Sexting is corny as hell and should have never made it to disc and listen to this cheesy hook while you're at it  "So I'm just sitting in this rehab class/ trying to get myself unhooked on a**/ so then my teacher asked me a question/ Like Ludacris are you over there sexting/ Ha ha OMG/ Lol KIT/ Smiling faces / X and O/ LMFAO"(??????!!!!???).		In short this album is a mess. I know people love Ludacris and thinks he is a tight lyricist but don't use that as an excuse to see past this album's glaring flaws. I love Ludacris and think he's a tight MC too. I thought Theater Of The Mind was an excellent album but Battle Of The Sexes SUCKS! This album sounds like something LL Cool J would make(thats why I gave my review that title). You don't believe me? Listen to Cant Live With You, Sex Room, I Do It All Night, I Know You Got A Man, Feelin So Sexy and Tell Me A Secret and imagine LL Cool J's rhymes about women over those tracks. Now you see what Im talking about.	thumbs down.		Standouts: B.O.T.S. RADIO, HEY HO, TELL ME A SECRET, MY CHICK BAD(original and remix).
1,Don't care if its your birthday or not. The song is awful. She needs to be banned from radio completely.	Hide your wallets so you can make her go away.
1,When 50 First came on the scene, I was a little skeptic of what he was all about. I thought since he was working with Dr. Dre that maybe Dre had picked up on someone that had some talent and could give us a solid hip-hop artist. I was dead wrong. WHen this CD was first released, I didn't think it was terrible, but the more it got overplayed, and the more nosense I heard about 50, the less appealing the CD became to me. It is apparent that 50 was a creation of some money hungry record label that probely got ahold of Dre (thank Interscope Records) and asked him if he could sign on with him and be part of his Aftermath label. What a joke, not only is 50 probely the least think from a ganster, he is a total sell out. I love how he hangs in Beverly Hills Spa's and Star Magazine parties. Sure he is a ganasta alright. Does anyone really believe that this guy was shot 9 times. I bet you his real name is Erkel and he proebely grew up some posh suburban community and got stuffed into lockers in high-school. Shame on you Dre for putting this dope on your record label, and shame on Interscope for pressuring you into signing him. DO I have proof that this happened? NO, but I am more then 99.9% sure that this is how it went down. Everyone do 50 and favor and boycott his next CD, then maybe his can Get Poor and Die Penniless.
1,Just wanted to vote the one star to bring the rating down. This movie betrays the titular character. That's all.
1,Not a bad effort, but sounds like a Jackson Browne/Eagles wannabe. We've already got that music in our library, so on to more good things from Joe Bonamassa, Kenny Wayne Shepherd and especially the new Buddy Guy CD.
1,It is hard to tell who Jamie Foxx is right now. After his public so-called comedic rant on Miley Cyrus, many people have questioned him and his role as a performer. But for his latest single, Blame It, the second single from his 3rd album Intuition, feels honestly more like a lackluster vibe than imagined. I sadly didn't feel it was a driven R&B song that hit the nail on the head, unlike recent tracks from Solange', Kanye West, or others that've been strong on the soul. I do hope though for Jamie that he can find better music for himself, and I definitely hope that he can be really start all over by making peace with his feelings about what Hannah Montana would show.		Song: D
1,another recording by orginal artist but at a later date without orginal arrangement.  Always disappointing.  Be forewarned.  It was revealed in very small print.
1,i got this song for free and can't say much about it besides i don't care much for a variety of music it may be worth listening to though.
1,I have been a fan of Chrissie Hynde and the various incarnations of the Pretenders since day one. I understand this is not the Pretenders and as an artist Hyndes has to experiment and expand her horizons. Hyndes voice is as strong and clear as ever on this collection. This is not the case with her collaborator. For some reason the hostility I feel towards JP is overwhelming. His vocals just irritate me to no end. Listening to Hyndes is always a treat for the ears, but when this hack JP sings it ruins the angelic pipes of Ms. Hyndes. A majority of the tunes have a good melody and are catchy. The problem is we have Ms. Hyndes beautiful God given talent singing in key and giving a heartfelt performance and then you have to hear this Tom Waits wanna be chiming in. It just doesnt work.
1,I'll admit I am Beyonce fan and somewhat of a Justin fan but this remix, yes REMIX is terrible. Now, While Beyonce's Vocals are great and on point, Justin's remain the same as his original which for me, throws me off since they called it a "Duet". My opinion : if it was really a duet, Justin's vocals would be new, also. So, it's more of a remix than a duet. I Think if Justin had new vocals for the song, it would be more enjoyable.		This would have been a lot better, in my opinion had it contained new vocals from JT
1,Yeeeesh! Why on earth the hottest woman in rock ever is slumming with this lot is anybody's guess. It's not that the tunes are bad - they're alright - but the minute JP opens his trailer infused yap, it all goes right to the field septic system. As a band, let's just say they'll never be confused with the Pretenders. She should have kept this mob locked in the motel and got on with her own strengths, which are poorly served on this calamity.	Skip this.
1,If you like little men in bow ties who sing pop songs in falsetto, then you might like this.
1,Too high pitched .....to contemporary.
1,garbage
1,This is terrible. Anything by this artist should have never gotten popular what so ever.	Its so overplayed & way overrated.
1,This is an amazing song with amazing originality and wonderful, upbeat music. However, I chose the 'explicit' version in error, and found it to have bad language. I would prefer the version that omits bad language, as the content of the 'explicit' destroys the song, in my opinion. I feel the same way about movies that repeat bad language over and over. It totally destroys the whole point of the movie. That's my story and I'm sticking to it.
1,Sold through the Capitol Record Club as a "collector" premium, via his fan club at the time. Latest track on the Lp, "Once More With Feeling," is an Lp filler from TRY A LITTLE KINDNESS Lp, which dates this set into 1970-71 or so.		This album set was packaged with a folded 24" x 36" poster (same photo shot as the front cover of THE GOODTIME ALBUM, Capitol SW 493, roughly August, 1970) and a copy of THE GLEN CAMPBELL SOUVENIR PICTURE BOOK, normally the brown cover version, though some of the earliest runs on this set used the previous yellow cover edition with GC in a WICHITA LINEMAN photo shot.		Beware that used record dealers may split out the extra packaging--the poster and the picture book--to sell separately. This is basically a reissue of the obvious fillers, with some nice extras.
1,Deleted
1,so so
1,This year has really been with awful music that has really not came from the heart. Nicki Minaj has honestly been one of the worst artists to have ever came out with good music. She has really shown no such diversity in her voice to really be for all artists. Her latest single Pound The Alarm from her album Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded is really bad. She really hasn't changed her sound and flexed her vocal muscles in song. It feels like the exact same "I have to prove that I am the best" sound that she came out with before. I think the song is definitely one of the worst songs that has ever been released this year. Hopefully, Nicki will start growing up and then make better music. But overall, that is not going to happen for awhile.		Song: D-
1,Never like her first single and never like this song at all !	Quit hogging all the airplay and let the other artists shine for once.	Please stop making music. Purchase my albums instead , you'll thank me later.
1,Sorry Bob, I think it's time to call it a day as far as making albums like this is concerned. TO MAKE AN ALBUM LIKE THIS IS SAD. Maybe  it could be played at nostalgic funerals. I think it's time to tour the club circuit or old peoples homes. This is an insult to the albums you have released in the past and I feel that you have done this to be self serving. At your age you must have some brilliant songs still hidden inside, to move future generations. Take a leaf out of Leonard Cohen's book and start writing songs of substance again! Or is it, that you just couldn't be bothered?
1,Out of all of her songs, this is her best one, and that's not saying or making anything better.
1,It is okay, but not crazy about it.
1,Didn't care for the lyrics
1,Not my thing
1,One of the only things getting played on mainstream radio these days in South Florida that i can really appreciate is Bachata. Romeo is one of the top players in the Bachata game. Drake's "rap" in the song couldve been written by a 2 year old. Very un original rhyming knee-growz!
1,I was a huge fan of the Killers' first disc, HOT FUSS. It has a good vibe to it, and a new brand of New Wave. However, I was MAJOR dissapointed with the new disc Sam's Town. Instead of original songwriting, this album sounds like they took the song "Smile like you mean it" and decided to make an entire album out of it. There are only two listenable songs on the disc, "Bones" and the last song. Otherwise, AVOID.
1,"FourFiveSeconds" is another example of the music buying public getting enamored of a song because it is different.  Just because something is different doesn't mean it is good.  In this case, the mixture of Rihanna and Kanye doing a soft acoustic soft along with Paul McCartney providing the guitar work, has people falling all over themselves about this.  Some who are love the song aren't used to Kanye and Rihanna doing this style of music (and have no idea who Paul McCartney is), which intrigues them.  Others are fans of McCartney and love that he is working with contemporary pop stars.		  However, once you get past the initial trappings of the song, it should be easy to recognize that it's not a very good song.  Sure, Paul McCartney is playing guitar on the track, but it is basic high school music classic quality.  Vocally, neither Rihanna nor Kanye are made for this type of soft pop style.  In Rihanna's case, her lyrics just come across as whiny.		  I won't give it a one-star rating, because it's not truly awful (Iggy Azalea is reserved for my one-star reviews).  It just isn't that impressive.
1,When it has came down to divas, Beyonce' Knowles has to be the most overconsumed, most annoying artist of the past several years. Sadly, her voice really stopped showing on her 4 record on almost all the songs. Her lead-off song from that album Run The World (Girls) doesn't actually ignite a fire, but leaves a flame to be doused over with water. I honestly found the song to be much of a weak anthem. Sadly, I really didn't find the song to actually strike the match in her song. She really was starting to let herself go. It isn't a song that ignites, but feels to be overdrawn and tiring, just as is the case with Single Ladies (Put A Ring On It.) I definitely think she needs to take more time and find a better voice that runs the world that she claims to own.		Song: D+
1,god!!!... ummm.....where to begin? This cd was horrible his voice, the music everything. Wow!!!...I don't know what I expected, but it was damn sure not this mess...I want my $9.99 dollars back ....wow!!!!! this cd is a hot mess....Please Terence just act and leave the singing to the professionals.....God!!!! just awful
1,Waste of money, up loaded the song to an MP3 player, when played can hardly hear the song. Paid for the song and had to delete from MP3....
1,This is terrible! As my dad use to say: Just a bunch of noise. Deleted it quickly after downloading to use the space for better things.
1,It is honestly and absolutely so sad that whenever someone young and talented has wasted their talent away, by making songs that have honestly bee more mediocre, that sincere from the heart. Unfortunately, Beyonce' Knowles has been one of those singers that has been more like a manufactured product than a real songstress. It is sad that when she came out with her surprise record, she honestly could not even come close to holding a a note from the heart in her work. It is sad that she hasn't found the right songs either, whether it was Drunk In Love with Jay-Z, Pretty Hurts, or her single Flawless with Chimamanda. The song is definitely a waste of her heart, and sounds seemly too familiar like her earlier songs like Diva. Overall, I definitely found this song to lag the talent she had from her earlier work, and her days with Destiny's Child. Overall, if she keeps making songs that are terrible like this, than I think she should honestly retire from music period. Beyonce' Knowles is not flawless, just flawed.		Song: D+
1,...if you're gonna like it.  A blind sample of this, and I didn't like it.  It's not my type of music.
1,My daughter did not like this one at all. It's rather boring and she lost interest in it right away demanding to listen to her other cd
1,When I was 11 years old(1967) I attended a Monkees concert on this tour,and certainly,these 4 concerts are true to what I remember hearing at The Miami Beach Convention Hall(yes,I was at one of the 6 shows where Jimi Hendrix was one of the warmup acts).What you get in this 4 disc set are 3 concerts professionally recorded on 4-track by RCA engineer Hank Cicalo and one mono soundboard tape from Mobile,Alabama recorded by one of the group's roadies. The Mobile tape sounds somewhat better here than on bootleg editions. The primary fault is with the group's performances. As we all know,the Monkees were singer/actors hired to portray musicians,and on the group's first 2 studio albums,98% of the instruments were played by sessionmen. Even if Mickey Dolenz(Drums),Mike Nesmith(guitar),Peter Tork(Bass,electric piano.organ) & Davy Jones(tambourine) had been better players,they were in a no-win situation,trying to play songs from the first 2 albums,which featured up to 10 instruments per song. Typical Monkees fans would be best advised to buy Rhino's "Live 1967" CD,which creates one ideal set from the three professionally recorded shows(all the shows had the same song line-ups).For those who do purchase this 4-CD set,you'll note that none of the selections in the 3 professionally recorded shows match exactly with the recordings as heard on "Live 1967".I suspect that on "Live 1967",that Rhino engineers(who had access to 3 renditions of each songs) spliced between renditions,used sampling,or (perhaps) had The Monkees come into the studio to overdub/correct the recordings. What you'll get if you buy this set is the REAL(not particularly listenable!) ragged/amateur/garage band sound of The Monkees circa 1967,albeit lovingly packaged by Rhino Handmade. But "Live 1967" is much more listenable.
1,I thought this song would just go away and stop hogging all the airplay.	This is not a dream its a nightmare. Completely bland and annoying.	She must be stopped !
1,bought for my mom. I like one song that I know of, hence 1 star. don't take this as a criticism.
1,Purchased by an ex-friend who figured out how to hack my account 4+ years ago.
1,Did not purchase this book either or whatever it is - did not purchase this one.  Cannot rate it.  Sorry.
1,It's a bargain, but obscure pieces, and even some mono recordings.  If you like music, pay a bit more for classier classics.
1,I wasn't expecting a Hip Hop style Boy George. This wasn't my cup of tea, so I deleted it immediately.
1,Not really catchy.. Didn't really listen.
1,song
1,Mostly instrumental.
1,I get it, but I don't like the track.
1,Dierks career continues to be highjacked by subpar songs.  The guy is incredibly talented but the song selection continues to lag.  At least my kids know what the popo is now.
1,Refused to download but they took my $$ anyhow.
1,It's okay if artists want to change their sound sometimes, if they didn't they might get bored. But this album is awful. Notice how she never did pop again?
1,This might seem counterintuitive to my video review:  I think the music is great and fun - though I'm not sure how good as a stand-alone without the video.		My big beef?  $11.99 for 22 minutes worth of music?  Really?
1,Fits the film nicely, but isolated it's just a lot of frantic percussion, strings and synth pounding noises. I don't get the positive reviews, but I guess this just means anyone can make what are essentially orchestral noises, with minimal focus on melody/leitmotif, and that's considered a soundtrack.
1,meh, I love City and Colour, like alexisonfire's first one, pink is ok...  this did not impress me at all.  It's like an over dramatic version of she and him.
1,Highly indulgent release of ambient industrial instrumentals prove that not everyone should be completely free from label restraints. Reznor completely plays into the fanbase with this one, rarely constructing a track out of 36 that rises above mere NIN production exercise.
1,More Fergie garbage.  This song has possibly the stupidest lyrics I've ever heard...how does manufactured, auto-tuned garbage like this get made? Pure pathetic trash.  I pity anyone who buys this.
1,here's a song about how much Rihanna loves to get banged. just what people want their pre pubescent kids listening 2 on tha radio-lol
1,It downloaded twice.  I called for credit.  They told me they had issued the credit but when I went to use my account again I notice I had not been issued the credit for this item.
1,Those guys should just do eagles covers and just call it a day.	The Ataris will not be missed. Pipebomb !
1,Thought it was the remix. My mistake. The song stays slow all the time.
1,he  got over at a  good time as a  Modern day  Broke  Babyface meets a modern day  Broke Michael Jackson and it worked for a few projects and he made more of a name for himself as a songwriter for others, however his basic formula as a artist on his own has been  stuck in being average and putting the same ole thing out.  despite more risque on the lyrical tip, nothing is a upgrade in the songwriting or his artistic growth department.
1,With all the hype surrounding The Pussycat Dolls, and their last single, When I Grow Up, it remains unfortunate that they haven't really hit that nail on the head when it comes to the girl group doing ballads. While Stickwitu wasn't so bad, it has really been awhile since they've tried to take that turn with their music. But, unfortunately, their latest ballad, I Hate This Part, the second single from their sophmore album, Doll Domination, doesn't seem to hit the nail on the head. I really felt the melody, but the lyrics itself were really a turnoff. It just didn't seem to click when it came to the mends of a breakup, the dolls knew what they were singing. They needs to do better ballads, but they also need better singles. The next single from Doll Domination should be better than this.		Song: D
1,When it has came down to Usher, he has put out a lot of strong music when he was dealing with his heartbreaks like Confessions, and Raymond Vs. Raymond, but sadly there are a lot of songs that don't actually work for him very well. Good Kisser, the lead single from Usher's latest record just doesn't ignite. The song tries to being in a vibe similar to what Prince may have with his music, taking a step away from his influence, Michael Jackson. Sadly, the song for Usher is definitely not one of his high points in music, instead falls a bit from his grace. Hopefully, there will be better music from Usher down the road, because he needs better in his hearts right now. He has a lot going as a judge on The Voice, and for his tribute to Michael Jackson for his posthumous song Love Never Felt So Good, but either way he needs better for his voice, because this was the pits.		Song: D+
1,After 3-4 years of growing up, this music has an OK beat to it, but just thinking about it, it's very boring and overplayed.
1,Is it just me or does this just sound like another Nickelback/Creed type ripoff tune?? Here at my job they have some crazy a$$ satellite radio station that keeps playing this ridiculous song. Give me one good reason why i should like this crappy song...
1,currently my LEAST favorite DT album they've done......there's  maybe 1 or 2 tracks that catch my ear but that's it. was really hoping for a 'studio' album not a 2cd concept album, even before the first listen i knew what it was going to be like. I'm going to see them live in support of this album so maybe i'll have a different opinion after that.
1,Johnny Gill is One of the Best Vocalists I've heard over the past 20 plus Years but alot of the time the Words&Music don't match His overall presentation. I dig the cut with Him&Roger Troutman&also R.Kelly's "Someone to Love".but the up-tempo cuts don't move me at all.this Album though isn't balanced out with much else that matches some of the better material&this set suffers from that.but if Johnny Gill ever got the right Stuff to work with He would Be scary.
1,Sucks I've heard rap music way better then this crappy so called rap
1,At least before his arrest, Phil Spector was hailed a musical genius. True, he did produce several classic singles for the Ronettes, Crystals and Righteous Brothers that are some of the most beloved Oldies from the 60s, but he was not on par with someone like Paul McCartney or John Lennon who could craft entire concept albums that remain classics 50-plus years later.		I am not bashing Phil nor his music, just using my above statement to back up my two-star review for this CD that is only worth getting for HES A REBEL, DA DOO RON RON and THEN HE KISSED ME. The other songs on here are nowhere near as good as the three hits. Its too bad that the Crystals didn't have better material, but I feel a little of Phils sound went a long wayit only worked with the right melodies and lyrics, and the rest of whats here is lacking. I fell in love with the Crystals hits back in the early 80s and actually liked them better than the Shirelles or the Chiffons back then. But Ive heard a few of the Shirelles albums recorded in the 60s and even the deep album cuts are much better than the second-string hits found here by The Crystals. The sound quality on this CD isn't the best either. Sorry, cant recommend this.
1,First off, I don't know why most of the reviews (the positive AND the negative) are comparing Fefe Dobson to Avril Lavigne. Fefe and Avril's styles aren't even remotely related. But anyway, this debut album from Canadian-born Fefe Dobson had a lot of people talking, so I decided to check it out. And I really don't see what all the talk is about.	The problem with this album mainly lies in the way she sings. This may be hard for some people to understand, but even if you're singing hard rock, you still have to have a good voice. The only times Fefe really delivers in this category are on "Take Me Away", "Everything" and the hidden bonus track. Most of the rest of the songs have her either singing without any effort or just talking in tune to the music (see "Bye Bye Boyfriend").	And that song is actually one of the worst songs on the album. There are also some other poor efforts, like "Give It Up" and the juvenile "Rock It Till You Drop It" featuring Tone Loc (probably because the music sounds a little like "Funky Col Medina"). And "Stupid Little Love Song" is just that. Even her lash-out at her father, "Unforgiven", comes out wrong.	I tried to give this album a chance, but I just wasn't impressed with it. Maybe it's better suited for the junior high school crowd, as another reviewer said.	Anthony Rupert	P.S. In response to the reviewer that compared Fefe to Hole, Hole was the name of the group, not the lead singer (the lead singer's name was Courtney Love; I thought everybody knew that).
1,I thought this song would just go away and stop hogging all the airplay.	This is not a dream its a nightmare. Completely bland and annoying.	She must be stopped !
1,When it has came down to cover songs, nearly all the time they have been cheaper than how dynamic the original was to start with. For Kelly Sweet, who did a brilliant rendition of Aerosmith's Dream On a few years ago that worked well, it definitely has been a surprise, but for continuing that with others it just doesn't work as well. It works poorly like Mariah Carey trying to do another rendition of a Def Leppard song as if they were trash. Kelly's cover of Phil Collins' massive staple In The Air Tonight doesn't feel like it actually has the stamina. In fact, the cover feels whitewashed and made cheaper in voice and absolute harmony of the soul. I really was not impressed with the song, and for Kelly, trying to be something she is not is just very poor. The song choice and song matter, but for Kelly, she should do better to keep something in the air tonight.		Song: D+
1,so so
1,This CD has a lot of big Names playing on it and although I respect all the Players this just isn't my cup of tea when it comes to music.  It remind me of when Paul McCartney goes off on a big band tangent.  Yes good music, just not what I like.
1,i don't listen to music at all. i rather be in a quiet room than listen to music at all.
1,It's a oldie and now where and nothing like stairway to heaven.  Just want to see / hear the simularaity. Slight rifs at best.
1,Lovely voice boring song
1,Didn't like
1,I loved Rob Thomas's first album so much such a bold style and great variety and I was sorely disappointed with the 2nd release.  It seemed like a lazy effort and it was so generic. It had the style but no substance.  But this new album is really a joke, most of it is experimentation way out there trying stuff just to sound different.  This is not going to help his career one bit.  The songs that he does take serious are quite good.  I Think We'd Feel Good Together, Hold On Forever, The Great Unknown, Heaven Help Me, and Pieces.  Five songs that he wrote and took serious which get the two stars.  The other 8 songs are mostly wild experiments trying to reach outside his own space and be something he is not (and should not be).  Those songs lost 3 stars from the rating.  He should have continued and built on the 5 songs and he may have had a great new CD.  The 5 songs I mentioned I liked for the most part much better than the stuff on Cradlesong.  I think it's Rob's wild idea that this techno or new pop sound would land him a hit single or something?  It did not and it won't!
1,When it has came down to Rihanna, musically she has made some of the worst song out there for the past several years. She has been so overexposed, and yet she still needs to really find her voice. Her latest song, Birthday Cake from Talk That Talk was really short absolutely disgraceful from start to finish. Not only is it terrible and short, but what really gets me angry is the remix of her song, as she collaborates with the man whom had assaulted her and abused her at The Grammy awards 3 years ago, Chris Brown. It definitely has wasted Rihanna's credibility away as a performer by a lot, and when I said she really needs to find her voice, she definitely doesn't feel like she has one anymore. Maybe, Rihanna should just go away for a long while, then come back as a real singer.		Song: F
1,It may be a good song to others depending on the genre of music you like but it just wasn't my thing.
1,I bought this for my sons.  I am not very fond of it, but the boys seem to love it.
1,Don't really care for it...too..."teeny".
1,family member downloaded for their mp3
1,again down loaded the wrong song, sorry.  I'm confused to as why there's so many different copies of this one song on Amazon?
1,When it has came down to Britney Spears, musically she has lost her way in her music. After the dissapointing performance at Good Morning America this week, many people are starting to wonder whether she really is coming back strong. There is no question that she has lost it, with her latest single, Till The World Ends, the second single from Britney's album Femme Fetale. I really felt that she wasn't honestly drawn into the rhythm of the song. I absolutely wasn't even impressed with Britney's drive into the song. It really felt like it was weaker than auto-tune. All that I can honestly say about Britney Spears is that she needs to work herself out again, than come back into the world.		Song: F+
1,I do not know what song this one is, so I can not rate it in a fair way, honestly. Sorry about that
1,Crap Crap crappy and Crappies.  I cannot find any redeeming value in this album.  I love to be entertained but this was just crapola.
1,Why people like this band is beyond me.  Every album they release is the same exact annoying thing.
1,Cher is at it again.  Now nearly 56 years of age, Cher is still fighting the inevitable tide of time.  This time, as with her last "effort" "Believe", Cher (with platinum hair--will it translate to platinum sales?  I doubt it) continues her foray into the world of trippy dance beats and nuevo-disco stylings as the listener is bombarded with studio wizardry and up-to-date technology (and Cher's unique voice).  The songs (as is usually the case with Cher) are penned by songwriters (i.e., not Cher herself although she did have a hand (ha!) in writing the first "tune") and Cher is backed by a slew of competent studio musicians and masterful, clinical, overproduction.  To me, this sounds like technology for technology sake and not for the sake of the music.  On the bright side, it does tend to obscure Cher's questionable "talent" somewhat and that can't be all bad.  If you go for dance music, stick with the experts and not some "artist" trying to stave off irrelevance.  If you're someone who digs Cher, you'll buy this anyway (and maybe even dance to it--ha ha ha!!!).  The bottom line:  Overproduced dance music that's been done better by many others.  Hippity Hop Dop!!!
1,Worst album he has ever made. honestly, I am a Redman fan and I have all of his  cds.  I hate to do this to Mr Reggie but this cd is a joke.  This album is like a collection of throw away tracks that never made any albums or mixtapes.  Only two songs are good and the rest are just horrible. What is with the slow R&B tracks and the auto tune?  Most of the guest emcees aren't worthy and add nothing to the failure called an album.  I just can't see Redman giving the okay to drop this cd.  Something tells me this was an album owed to the record label and wanted out of his contract.  Not sure, the artist must still realize that his reputation and name is still on it.  Again, I am huge Redman fan and I really hated to do this to my boy.  But, if he is going to have the audacity to release this album, then why can't I tell him and others the truth?  Stay away from this album.  or buy the two songs that are actually okay.  Redman, you owe me for this turd.
1,When it has came down to Beyonce' Knowles, she has been the most overexposed artist of the past decade, and sadly the quality of her voice has died in each and every note she has sung. For her music, she really has lost the drive in her newer music. When she made word late last year that she had a surprise record, sadly for her the word was not even close to the hype in her music. That has even showed with the numerous collaborations she had done with her husband Jay-Z. Their latest collaboration Drunk In Love does not come close to igniting. It sounds more like she is trying to be in Hip Hop, than a songstress. Sadly, the chemistry she and Jay-Z have in song has died and in fact sounds worse than any of the earlier songs she and Jay-Z had done before like Deja Vu and Crazy In Love. I think the next time she pulls a rabbit out of the hat like that, it should feel more timid and loveable than lagging like a wild hare. She really has lost it, and sadly doing work with her husband feels more like a snore than being drunk in love.		Song: D+
1,Not my cup of tea and have deleted it.  Not sure how I even got this. Perhaps it was a freebee but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
1,Not all that I thought out would be except that Amazon offered it for free that day.		Some of the songs are okay; but most of them suck.
1,Ok song
1,It's ok
1,not one of my favorites.
1,they missed the boat by not having the better songs on the disc.  the better cuts are all on the mp3 nd having said that the  songs work better for the show as to their own to me.  the show is good, the soundtrack is hit and alot of miss and missing tracks here. however on the show things compliment better to me.
1,Sly & The Family Stone originally did the song&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Hot-Fun-in-the-Summertime-single-master/dp/B00137Z22A/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Hot Fun in the Summertime (single master)</a>, 1969 hit and a song Phil Collins stole to make this trash!!!!! DO NOT LISTEN TO THE POSER FANS!! Stick with the REAL Genesis classics like&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Watcher-Of-The-Skies-New-Stereo-Mix/dp/B001KQEG62/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Watcher Of The Skies [New Stereo Mix</a>],<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Firth-Of-Fifth/dp/B0018AKCH2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Firth Of Fifth</a>, or&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Knife-Live/dp/B001KQ3J10/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Knife [Live</a>] NOT THIS COPIED TRASH!!!!!
1,I was a little girl when LL was at the top of his game, and yes I had a crush on him.  Can you believe this guy still made hits when I got to high school?  I realize whenever I see this music video, it makes me feel good, and so does this song.  Therefore, I will say it takes me back to the old days and good memories.  The beats and rhythm in the song sound like a merry-go-round would sound if music went with it.  "Merry-go-round,"  "Around" the way.."  anyway, he is rhyming about making passes at girls while walking down the block, most likely in Jamaica, Queens where he grew up.  Flirting with ladies while they do everyday things like sucking on a "blow pop."  I bought that brand lollipop all the time where I went to elementary and junior high school in Crown Heights.  The rhythm and harmonies in this song are soft, and not too hard.
1,There really isn't much new here, other than maybe trying to pass off covers of Crowded House's 'Don't Dream it's Over' or Lou Reed's 'Perfect Day' as Holiday music. (I guess we can blame Simon Cowell, who picked the songs.) Vocals are perfect-- maybe a little too much so-- but lack of guests and lack of variety in the delivery along with poor song selection knock it down as a whole.
1,This is the worst sleep music I have purchased from Amazon. It is just the same 5 minutes of music, cycled a dozen times. And the music is too intense for a sleep aid.
1,why listen to this guy, actor turned rapper. I don't know whats the big deal about him.
1,while Brian Mcknight knows what His Zodiac Sign is&the Month He was born in,musically He is truly suffering from idenity Loss. somewhere between the early 80's till early 90's is where Mcknight is swimming in. while He is a Very talented vocalist,Multi Instrumentalist&songwriter it's been quite a while since He has left a mark.on this set He can't make up his mind if He wants to Be R.kelly,Ronald Isley,Prince,&Others.as long as Brian Mcknight has Been around you would think He wouldn't still be trying to find His Own Musical Idenity but going by this Album he truly is spinning in Music Circles&no direction appears in sight. this Cat should be alot further in His Career than he is.
1,I bought this song and was deeply disappointed by the remastering that had been done.  You should listen to this version and compare it to the original.  You might prefer this version but I didn't.
1,My memories were fonder than reality.  After listnening to it for 2 times I was already sick of it again and annoyed with the repetitiveness.
1,never received it!! had previous review for other songs but only noticed 17 at that time. now I see all these. just copy and paste the other review for everything cuz same comments apply :-(-		had forgotten I even ordered this until I started writing reviews for other purchases!! ugghhhh!!!  other songs this same comment. damn! since I don't remember them I most likely don't have a copy of the original order, where it was supposed to come from and too late to get the item or be refunded!! ugghhhh!!!		close to $100 worth of music never received!!
1,i love REK and own just about every album he's ever made.  this crossover bluegrass album, however, doesn't succeed.  the music landscape is littered with the bodies of fine country and alt-country artists who have tried to cross over to bluegrass and failed (e.g. dierks bentley) or stumbled across the finish line (e.g. merle haggard), but very few (patty loveless) have actually succeeded.		bluegrass is a different animal and, for one thing, REK's quirky, tremulous voice isn't well-suited for it.  The other issue here is that REK just doesn't seem to be feeling the music and his performance is uninspired.  Ironically, some of the songs on this album aren't even bluegrass, they are folk, blues or something else, but not bluegrass.  His band is good enough - especially dennis ludiker of the progressive bluegrass band MilkDrive - but the apathy of REK seems to have infected his band.  Even guest vocalists such as Peter Rowan and Lyle Lovett can't rescue him here.		Those unfamiliar with bluegrass music and who, therefore, have no expectations, may well enjoy this album and (as previous reviews indicate), most seem to.  However, I believe those familiar with bluegrass will likely be disappointed.
1,Love this song
1,don't like most of songs in this record. just saw this is on sale and buy. wasting my money. bad
1,Trifling lyrics. Wish I would've youtubed it first so I would've known it was junk rap.
1,DOUBLE PURCHASE DUE TO HER SONGS BEING LISTED TWICE ON DIFFERENT ALBUMS.
1,early nineties pop cheese hasn't dated well b/c the arrangements and the production sounds like that overproduced, cold sounding late eighties early nineties sound that hasn't dated too well. Whitney was looking fine in the video though, back when everyone thought she was a wholesome role model type.
1,Don't care if its your birthday or not. The song is awful. She needs to be banned from radio completely.	Hide your wallets so you can make her go away.
1,Downloads ask for last disk.  Unworkable.
1,Once upon a time there was a director who, along with some friends - a writer, a cameraman, some actors - made a movie. It doesn't matter what the movie was about. It could have been about aliens, or cowboys and indians, or a young couple suffering through a rocky relationship, or a bank robbery gone wrong. Whatever it was about, the director wanted to make the best movie he could make, and for the audience who saw that movie to care about the characters, and to empathize with the emotions they felt. At some point, he approached a composer, in order to give that film a musical voice. The composer - who was well-versed in musical theory and composition - was as much of a storyteller as the director was, and wanted to enhance the film with his music; to bring out subtle emotions so the audience could feel them, to highlight subtexts that acting alone could not convey, to make it a better film than it would be without the music being there.		The director and composer decided what sort of music was needed, and how much, and then the composer went away and wrote: he wrote music which was specific to that film, tailored to those scenes, and those characters. His score gave the film an identity, with an overarching structure, recurring thematic ideas and musical reference points that drew characters, concepts and locations together, so that they felt like a part of the fully realized world the movie inhabited. He poured all his knowledge and craft into the score, making it interesting and compelling from a musical point of view, while simultaneously serving the drama on-screen. He made the action more exciting. The made the horror scarier. He made the relationships more romantic. He made the tension so tense you would bite your fingernails to the quick. Of course, the composer would have a musical style of his own, and once in a while a certain way of phrasing an instrument, or the way a chord progressed, would relate back to something else that same composer wrote before, but that's inevitable when a composer writes as much personal music as a film composer does, and would not detract much from the new work. The composer then recorded that score, using the finest musicians he could find, bringing all that talent and experience to bear on the music. The resulting work was a perfect marriage of pictures and sound, with music that was memorable, musically compelling, interesting and complex, dramatically appropriate, emotionally powerful, and crafted solely to serve that film and no other. This approach was so successful that everyone decided that this should henceforth be the way films should be scored, and everyone lived happily ever after. The end.		Except that it's not the end, because brothers Anthony Russo and Joe Russo decided that, when it came to their film Captain America: The Winter Soldier, they would ignore all of that and ask composer Henry Jackman to write one of the most grating, themeless, emotionally barren scores I have had the misfortune of hearing in several years. The words "clichd" and "generic" could have been invented specifically for this score, which takes all the worst aspects of modern film scoring and amplifies them a hundred fold, reveling in their lack of coherent musical ideas, individual identities, and musical inventiveness. In these circumstances I would usually break out my `polar bear with a migraine' photo and leave it to speak for itself, but my friend and colleague James Southall's excellent review of this score made me want to make some points of my own.		The film itself is apparently very good; more of a political thriller than a super-hero movie, it picks up Captain America's story two years after the events of The Avengers. Now living in Washington DC and struggling to adjust to life in the 21st century, the Captain himself Steve Rogers (Chris Evans) finds himself thrust back into action when a SHIELD operative is attacked by a mysterious assassin known as the Winter Soldier, whose exploits date back to the cold war. Teaming up with fellow super-heroes Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson) and Falcon (Anthony Mackie), Captain America must uncover the mystery surrounding the Winter Soldier's identity, and stop the threat he poses to the world. The film has a fantastic supporting cast, including Robert Redford, Sebastian Stan, Frank Grillo, Emily Van Camp, and Marvel Universe regulars Samuel L. Jackson, Colbie Smulders and Dominic Cooper, and looks set to be one of 2014's most successful films.		In musical terms, however, Captain America: The Winter Soldier is an absolute disaster. The Marvel Universe films have always been a bit hit or miss when it comes to their scores, with little to no musical continuity between them, and a revolving roster of composers ranging from Ramin Djawadi to Patrick Doyle to Brian Tyler. Alan Silvestri's score for the first Captain America film was excellent, filled with all the things I talk about in my opening paragraphs, and - best of all - containing a rousing, memorable theme for Captain America himself. Sadly, Winter Soldier's composer Henry Jackman ignores everything Silvestri did, instead composing a more `modern' score which emphasizes sound design and electronic textures over anything resembling actual music. I hate writing paragraphs like this, because historically I have liked Henry Jackman's work a great deal. It's astonishing to me that a composer who can craft such wonderful scores as Gulliver's Travels, Puss in Boots or Wreck-It Ralph could turn around and write something as obnoxious as this.		There is a new theme for Captain America - a bit of martial heroism for brass and snare drums introduced in "Project Insight" - although why Jackman decided not to use Silvestri's established theme for the character is beyond me, especially when Brian Tyler even quoted it in Thor 2. There's a bit of warm Americana which appears in the brief "The Smithsonian". And that's about it, in terms of positive things I can say about this score. Probably the worst aspect of Jackman's score is that, for the most part, it's not even made up of his own ideas. For example the opening track, "Lemurian Star", is little more than a combination of Hans Zimmer's now-ubiquitous extended brass note from Inception, John Powell's synthy action rhythms from the Bourne series. Similarly, the big action set pieces which come later - "Taking a Stand", "Into the Fray" and "Countdown: for example - have moments of power and grandeur, but have no real individual identity. Despite a couple of them containing repeat performances of the new Captain America theme from "Project Insight", nothing about them ever really says `this is music for Captain America'. Jackman's theme is so nondescript, it could be from any superhero or action movie from the past 20 years, and the action rhythms and percussive patterns Jackman employs sound like all the other action rhythms and percussive patterns everyone from Hans Zimmer down has used for the past decade.		At the other end of the scale cues like "An Old Friend", "Alexander Pierce", "Frozen in Time" and "Natasha" are quieter but say nothing; they just meander along for a couple of minutes, presenting muted orchestral textures, string sustains, serious timpani rumbles. Unobtrusive, understated, but completely inert in terms of anything resembling musical development.		Worst of all are cues like "Fury", the truly awful "The Winter Soldier", "Fallen", "Hydra" and "The Causeway", which are simply appalling: little more than exercises in repeated string rhythms and loops overlaid by various banging and clanging industrial sound effects, and groaning electronic textures. Both "The Winter Soldier" and "The Causeway" contain what sounds like a processed scream as part of the electronic sound mix, and which appears to be an attempt at a leitmotif for the Winter Soldier character himself; when I first heard it I had to stop and check that it wasn't my own screams I could hear over my headphones.		I have been around the film music industry for a long time now - almost 20 years. I have attended scoring sessions, and attended lectures and seminars on the art. I have met pretty much every major composer working in Hollywood today, and I consider many of them friends. I understand fully that the demands put upon a film composer's shoulders are enormous, ranging from ever-decreasing budgets and ever-decreasing timescales to having to deal with temp tracks, focus groups, musically illiterate directors, and boardrooms full of producers who all want to have their say about how the music should sound. Long gone are the days where one director and one composer would work together to craft their musical vision of a film, as in my rose-tinted once-upon-a-time story that opened this review. Truthfully, I'm not sure my idyllic fairytale of the film score world was ever what it was truly like. In many ways, you can't blame Henry Jackman for giving his employers exactly what they wanted: that's his job, after all. But, still, there has to be a way to write a score which fulfills all the demands set by the no-nothing money men, but doesn't strip away all the emotion, doesn't pander to the common denominator, and still manages to contain some semblance of identity, uniqueness, and inventiveness for both the composer and the film. There has to be a way.
1,When it has came down to Lady Gaga and her talent, she actually didn't deliver in regards to the music from her Artpop record. Instead, the songs have been a big boatload of jiggles that haven't really hit the nail on the head at all. She had a lot to prove after the smash of Born This Way and that didn't happen at all. She showed that failure with Applause and Do What U Want with R. Kelly on the album, and she had decided to release another version of that song with Christina Aguilera, and sadly it misses the mark as well. The two of them not only do not have enough chemistry, but fail to ignite voice and soul altogether. I think that Lady Gaga needs a real reality check for the next set of songs she releases. This did not do what it wanted to do already, so why re-release it.		Song: D+
1,I am in a charitable mood so I give it 2 stars. It sounds to me like someone is singing and moaning from the grave. Lucy needs some vitamins, coffee and some serious umph.  Not much here IMO.
1,Its ok
1,I really don't like this song. Voice cracks too much when saying keep keep bleeding.
1,What a disappointment. I'm sorry that her marriage broke up but that doesn't automatically make for good music. The hype on this one was deafening, and the music does not live up to the hype. Sonically it's amazing, and Bjork's voice is stunning as always, but the songs, are, sad to say, boring. No melody, nothing memorable to take away from it, I've listened to it 5x and nothing stuck with me. Don't believe the hype!
1,I heard one song by these people on my ODEZSA station and thought oh yeah sure. Not worth it.
1,Meh.
1,I love Iron Maiden obviously and Steve Harris has been the driving force of that band since its inception, more than anyone else Maiden is Steve's baby. Steve Harris IS Iron Maiden let's get that out of the way. When Harris announced a solo project I thought it was great for him, it was an opportunity to flex his musical muscle outside of the beast that is Iron Maiden and that he could do whatever else he wanted with this one record. In fact I was kind of surprised that he hadn't done this sooner like Bruce Dickinson and Adrian Smith had, but at the same time Maiden was his reason to live all along. It took long for him to decide to do a solo album and in 2012 we have Steve Harris' first solo album, British Lion. Actually it's more of a side project than a solo record really. The origins of British Lion for further than we'd think. Harris mentored the band of the same name in the early 1990's and nothing happened, stayed in touch with some of the musicians and years later they worked out some music and release this.		At first I thought the title was a little bland, but I didn't care much it's about the music. Then it hit me that music is very much like the title, bland. It's generic and doesn't really go anywhere, yet doesn't exactly play it safe either and it ends up being quite honestly boring and blank at times. One thing that Maiden brought in the music was power, here there is no power at all it seems to be the exact opposite. It sounds more like a mainstream and commercial rock album than anything else, and I think outside of hardcore Iron Maiden fans supporting Harris there isn't much of a market at all for it.		"This Is My God" opens the album and from the start you get a sense that it's going to be different than Steve Harris' usual work and it indicates much of the sound of the album and the direction they were going with. I just find this first song inconclusive, it doesn't do a great job at putting the listener in any mood and it's not effective and a little disappointing to start British Lion with. "Lost Words" is much better and paints a nice imagery and feature strong lyrics it picks up the pace a little. "Karma Killer" isn't bad and it's almost catchy and I say almost because the vocals just don't go to that next level to bring out the catchiness of the song although it has a nice chorus and feel. "Us Again The World" is one of the songs that works, it's one that I could almost picture Bruce singing and Iron Maiden performing, but again the vocals aren't there to take it places, they don't soar, they don't do anything and aren't pleasant, remarkable or passionate.. etc and the list goes on. It's a big problem on the album and it fails to excite the listener. "The Chosen Ones" and "A World Without Heaven" are to me the best tracks on British Lion and they're side by side incidentally. Those are the songs that got me thinking "well this is interesting, maybe it's not so bad..." and after listening back found myself thinking that the rest of the album should have sounded a little more like that. Musically they go farther than the rest of album (except perhaps the closing piece "The Lesson" which could fit just below that category) and they're catchy and got me rocking and kept my hopes up for the rest of the album.  "Judas" is one of the better songs here it has a two minute slow breakdown piece and shows traces of prog and is overall a good song and one that I found myself listening to more often. "Eyes of the Young" is boring generic radio rock and doesn't go anywhere really, it's just a very plain song with no feel musically or otherwise I nominate that one the worst track on BL. "These Are The Hands" doesn't do it for me, it lacks in the chorus and as a result never arrives or get started.  "The Lesson" is not a ballad, but it's definitely a soft song and it features strings and piano and while I actually find myself enjoying it, it just seems out of place on this album as a closing piece especially (but then again it doesn't really fit between any two songs so where else to put it?).		I'm obviously a fan of Steve Harris for his bass playing and Iron Maiden, but I won't bow down to everything that he releases with or without Maiden. I don't think British Lion is close to be an outstanding album that's all. I think most of the problem is the vocals aren't quite up to par. They're not strong but they're not weak yet they hardly do anything even if they don't sound bad, which I realize may be an odd description but it's exactly what they sound like to me. There's very little energy in the songs too, as I said it sounds very blank at times music is playing but it's just... empty. Is it utterly unlistenable? No. There are even some good tracks like "The Chosen Ones" but the album and ultimately this whole project falls flat unfortunately and we're left with an album where not much stands out unfortunately. Again not dissing on anyone, they tried but it just doesn't seem to work. I wonder what Dickinson could have brought to some of those songs because some of the lyrics and themes that they had here had more potential than the final product shows.		To me British Lion was Harris doing a side project and not a solo album it was great for him that for the first time he did something besides Iron Maiden. It was a way for him to do stuff more akin to that of bands he idolized in the 1970's like Thin Lizzy and although it doesn't sound much like his influences it sounds more like 70's and particularly 80's rock than Heavy Metal (even the songs are considerably shorter than some of what Maiden has being doing with their last four albums. I don't hate British Lion, but I don't love it. The album could have benefited greatly from better production too. To me it's not totally a throwaway and it's not gold either but I'm definitely on the fence about this one and I will remember it as more of a novelty, an experiment, something outside of Maiden for Harris than a good, rock album. The main problem is the vocals aren't strong enough nor do they stand out to bring out the music and make it stand, in fact it's the opposite it brings it down. I'm sorry but I tried it's just not an album that's for me I'm afraid 2 1/2*.
1,Has a nice beat and is easy to dance to. I give it a rating based upon my tastes. Your mileage may differ!
1,Its Ok. kinda, dunno, good beat. good hooks. just not into it. lol.. Brandy is still the best. Chris Brown is so so. to me.
1,What is this auto tuned horse crap heap?? This horrible song is torturing me at work! Lol this sounds like the gay sounding song James Taylor never wrote...Horrible, formulaic dung destined for the elevators and easy listening country pop FM stations of today...
1,I've tried to like it. WHen I heard it was Bob Ezrin producing, I went for it.		But... no. Nothing here. I understand the fact that these guys are old, that their best work is behind them, but I expected some spark of geniatlity. There is none here. There are a lot of sparks of great musicianship, because they are all, of course, top notch musicians.		The songs are lifeless, no groove, no form, all of them instantly forgotten after you finish listening to the whole damned album. Morse's guitar is the worst: no tone, no strong riffs, run of the mills solos, of of his worst registers ever.		Heck, it is impossible to even remotely comapre this one with the great PURPENDICULAR.
1,Talentless, record company shat out tripe in th first degree	  Th name of th artist is meaningless anymore with this "music" it could all be released on one cd and no one could Tell th diffrence between "artists".  GARBAGE
1,OK Song
1,When it has came down to music lately, there honestly have been a lot of weaker songs that what really has delivered a few years ago on radio. For even superstars, they haven't even hit that nail on the head either. That honestly has shown a bit of tear for Beyonce'. Her latest single, Ego, the 5th single from her album I Am Sasha Fierce feels like it is honestly lukewarm, and honestly doesn't deliver the strength she had been known for from her previous songs from the album like If I Were A Boy and Single Ladies (Should've Put A Ring on It.) I really didn't feel the rhythm on this song from the album as strongly as it could've brought in. Hopefully, the next song she releases as a single can be better than what ego brought in the ring.		Song: D+
1,bought this song a on accident thinking it was a different one. it's ok but kinda slow
1,Wow, talk about zero originality! What do you do when you can't come up with anything original to save your life? Ripoff an old surf instrumental~ what else!
1,Great album
1,I'm not loving her singing voice...no big deal cuz I said the same thing about Rochelle Jordan 1021 album. But RoJo got a 5 rating because she still manage to make good music. I can't say the same about this "Whispers" album. I honestly do not have a favorite song on here.
1,I like that Amazon offers a wide variety of free music It gives me a chance to listen to artists or genres that I might otherwise pass up.
1,I selected  this rating because I wanted to be fair. The music is off don't sound like the original beat. These are good song but the beat to these songs are off.	No; I would not recommend this to my friend.
1,never again
1,Highly indulgent release of ambient industrial instrumentals prove that not everyone should be completely free from label restraints. Reznor completely plays into the fanbase with this one, rarely constructing a track out of 36 that rises above mere NIN production exercise.
1,I gave this download only one star because, even though it did download into iTunes on my p.c., I could not get it to sync into my mp3 player as I did with two other songs I purchased from Amazon.com:  'I Can Only Imagine' by MercyMe, and 'All of Creation', also by MercyMe.  If your tech support team can help me with this, I would greatly appreciate it.
1,I bought this CD for the one song "Blurry", the only way to describe the meaning behind it is to "Listen" and hopefully get the meaning.
1,there is no reason for me to listen to music. it just sucks really bad and has no love in it.
1,I just don't like this song. She sings weird in a few parts where she gets real loud and when you're getting into it, she scares you with her loud parts.
1,Okay
1,I'm sorry, but I cannot extend any tolerance towards a blatantly ripped off song. This song's verses sound EXACTLY like that Dobie Gray song "Drift Away". I don't ever want to hear this song in a store, or anywhere, ever again. I don't like writing negative reviews on this website anymore, but I'm sorry, this song is garbage, and I need to say something about it. It is one of those pieces of music that is every negative term I can think of. It's unoriginal, generic, and has a lackadaisical reason for existing. I like this style of music, but this is a song that infuriates me because it is so terrible.
1,Bad down load..do not buy this album if you have an android phone. very expensive and all the tracks does not  play.
1,When it has came down to Rihanna, she honestly has been the most overexposed artist of the past several years, where her voice has lost its luster, and she really hasn't stopped for herself. Musically, she has also wasted her spirit as well in her songs. Her latest song, Diamonds feels very choppy and her voice sounds a bit too course. I really did not find the song to deliver, as some of her earlier songs had. I really didn't find it to drive into the soul of the voice. I definitely think Rihanna needs to take more time into her songs, and not rush into making album after album, year after year. It really has put a strain on her talent. Talk That Talk was awful, and Unapologetic is the same way.		Song: D-
1,I didn't like this after I got it so I never listen to it anymore.
1,there is no need to listen to music because it sucks and not wrth listening to. no music is better
1,What is the most annoying about this set is in fact the amount of material that was left off.  I understand it was a daunting task to make a compilation of this magnitude...but COME ON PEOPLE...By calculations if you add up all the blank space at the end of each CD you end up with almost an hour of unused space...to leave tracks such as Take It Away/Ballroom Dancing/Tug of War/C Moon/Vanilla Sky/Helen Wheels/Bluebird etc off was just inexcusable.
1,This is the first album without Mick Taylor, and it shows. To use the title of one of their tunes from the Goats album, Black and Blue continued the mid-70s trend of the Rolling Stones "Coming Down Again" from the glorious heights of their '68-'72 Classic peaks. B&B is simply an uneven, if not amateurish performance, by a group touted as World's Greatest ROCK & ROLL Band.		This album has much more of a NON-rock & roll style. "Hot Stuff" is funky; reggae is evident with "Cherry Oh Baby"; and "Melody" is a little jazzy. Tellingly, only one song from B&B managed to (barely) crack the US Top Ten, and wasn't even a Rock and Roll number (Fool to Cry).		No, this can arguably be considered a low point in the Stones' output from the '70s, especially considering that Ron Wood was still testing out his wings here as a new band member. The album DID manage to score some notable PR for the infamous Hollywood billboard in which a Jagger-bound young model was shown to say		"I'm BLACK AND BLUE from the Rolling Stones -- and I love it!"		The resulting firestorm from feminist groups probably added to sales of the album, despite the mediocrity of the tracks. The lads from London thus continued their notorious streak of controversy for being "Bad Boys."		One last thing....		Just wanted to make some corrections on reviewer Jarchow's comment "Billy Preston -- who by the way is the ONLY musician to have played on both a Beatles recording, and a Stones recording"		Technically incorrect.		-- The incomparable English pianist Nicky Hopkins played on numerous Stones' recordings, and on one or more Beatles recordings (e.g., "Revolution" from the White Album).		-- Guitar great Eric Clapton played lead ax on The Beatles "While My Guitar Gently Weeps," and recorded with Keith Richards and John Lennon on the tune "Yer Blues" for the Rolling Stones Rock & Roll Circus in 1968.		More technically correct, but still historically interesting, are the following:		-- One of the Stones played on a Beatles recording. Appropriately, this was Rolling Stones founder and talented multi-instrumentalist Brian Jones, who played alto saxophone on the B side of the Beatles' last single "Let it Be." The recording is a comedy-lounge tune called "You Know My Name (look up the number)." Jones was part of the recording sessions with the Beatles in early April 1967 for this composition.		-- One of the Beatles played on a Stones recording. That honor goes to none other than John Lennon, who jammed with Keith Richards (and Clapton, as mentioned above) on the Beatles tune "Yer Blues" for the Stones' 1968 Circus.		-- Head Stones Jagger and Richards joined the Beatles in recording their 1967 release "All You Need is Love."		-- Lead Beatles Lennon and McCartney joined the Stones in recording their 1967 release "Sing This All Together."
1,I don't hate all of Gaga's work but this song is lame as heck. Rather go with another song by her.
1,This was not the version of summer madness I had intended to download.  I'll try again next year to correct.
1,song was great BUT Amazon does NOT let you download the MP3 more than once. So IF you happen to delete it or LOSE it like I did by aaccident. You are screwed. Will not buy MP3 from amazon again. IF YOUR gonna download this song do it but not from AMAZON.
1,I have purchased many of these $0.99 sets. These sets make great background music to play while working on my office computer. This set has problems. Essentially, the recording is very poor. I have compared these with  a full EMI set I own, track by track on my home system. I feel that the source material for these MP3's must be very old. There are much better sources for this music out there for a low price. The tone and dynamics of these recordings make them unlistenable.
1,tis is the woworst song of allt times makes me puke rather lisrtesen to justin Bieber it doesnt even	 deserve a 1 star review if you like it you have serious sp problems
1,When it has came down to Beyonce' Knowles, and the surprise she has made for releasing a surprise album, she sadly has made the wrong choices in making great music from her heart, and instead releasing music songs that have not been as strong as they could've made before. Blow, from Beyonce' Knowles self-titled record actually starts slow, and instead feels much weaker in voice and heart. She instead tries to be a bit more sensual and instead it blows up from her face badly. It is not what she had with Diva or the wasted Countdown from her 4 record or Check On It. It instead feels like she is singing something she had made before from her music. I think instead Beyonce' Knowles needs to grow up and find better from her voice, so it doesn't feel like she has blown it.		Song: D+
1,I wanted the radio version without the moaning and extra noise just music and lyrics
1,OK
1,A boring album.  Bjork has run out of ideas.  Her last few albums have been her screaming with some "artsy" noises as music.  She needs to collaborate with other artists to make a good pop album.
1,Just ok
1,Not my style but that's okay.  M-I-L loves Anne Murray.
1,For the love of god WAKE UP AND SMELL THE AIR YOU SPOILED BRATS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is exactly what's wrong with America today. Cheap music that I could surpass in artistic and equality in twenty minutes and dumb, childish lyrics are a testament to the continuing decline of American intelligence today. This isn't punk or metal at all. This is a horrible travesty to both genres. Metal is ultraheavy guitar riffs with extremenly loud melody and pounding drums. Punk is real rebelism against trends in society. Sum 41 aren't that either. They are nothing but a bunch if talentless clowns who are cashing in on TRL to make a buck [...].	Don't call me an old fogie who listens to Frank Sinatra or Mozart because I am 19 years old but I have stuck with the moral values that garbage like this encourages youth to dismiss.	I feel ashamed that people in my age group are more worried about being cool by cussing that than being intelligent. Well I hope this will change in the next five years and laugh at bands like Sum 41, Limp Bizkit, and all those dumb poser metal groups.
1,Again with the Christmas music.  Please know I did NOT order this.  Please reverse.  I will not pay for items I do not want.
1,Ok
1,It's okay for me.
1,I like Radiohead and own some of their other albums, but this one is meh.  I was drawn to the album by one of the songs I heard on a movie.  I should have downloaded only that song.  Live and learn.
1,I do not like this singer
1,some seemed to be low quality recordings. Many Strauss works are available in better quality in the Big Waltz Box.
1,After the multiplatinum success of "Acoustic Soul", India. Arie comes back (mighty fast, I must add) with her followup "Voyage To India". The concocted mask the lady wears wears a bit thin on "Voyage" as this album is severely so-so.	First off the production is weaker than on "Acoustic" and the lyrics are EXTREMELY clique (written in a pseduo-boho/ I-love-my-self stance).The songs don't do much for the listener either.	Tired duds like "Little Things" and the predictably titled "God Is Love" are predictable and shallow attempts to pass for "deep" when they come off like Hallmark card messages.	Bland "folk"-flavored contemporary R&B follow and lead "Voyage" on it's meandering direction. It wouldn't too bad, I suppose, if the songs didn't come off so pre-programmed for an audience. "Good Man" is a 'free-spirited' urban radio morsel with second-rate Inyala Vanzant-esque writing. As with a majority of this record.	Fortunately, "Voyage" doesn't completely make you fall asleep with dribble. "The Truth" wins with some simple-yet-airy guitar parts and a slick but sincere beat but it's second-rate lyrics just make our girl stumble. "Headed In The Right Direction" is a wee-bit corny but has a slight Latin-influenced folk flavor and it stands out because Arie actually goes for something different instead of tired "love yourself" retreads.		Look, "Voyage To India" makes India to be more of a "Black-girl" version of bland, "folk" pop songbird Jewel than Miss Chapman or Lauryn Hill. And it's need to be said that just because a Black woman's not talking about being "bootylicious" or partying or "her man" and plays an instrument that doesn't make her deep. India's image is way too formatted and manufactured. Her songs on "Voyage" aren't  as introspective or enlighting as she may have intended them to be but rather boring and painfully cliqued most of the time. Not "deep".	India. Arie is very talented and deserves to write herself some better songs and challenge both herself and her 'audience'. She COULD be on the same level as a Tracy or a Lauryn but the  bland R&B that dominates this album doesn't do much for both the listener or her.
1,I never purchase this song i don't if no who this person i don't like listen to this type of music.
1,You know I can't get into Wale. .  .I just can't, aside from him I guess Omarion found a paycheck. . .Rickie is always a cool dude to listen to but when you have so many ppl, it gets muddled under each one trying to be better than the other even though that may not be their intentions. So for me, this cataloged under "The Bullshit list"
1,Nothing special about the song. Can't stand the singer at all.	Yuck. This ain't the one but her husband got away free at last !
1,Too slow, I didn't like it.
1,I thought this was the song, but I didn't see where it said interlude! Who would buy an interlude to a song?
1,My lovely children can be a bit sneaky. Either that or I just wasn't paying attention when they asked me for it. Probably the latter.
1,There is honestly a difference between a songstress, and a singer who has really been overexposed to where their music is not even worth listening to anymore, because they are severely overplayed and overexposed. Unfortunately, Beyonce' Knowles is one of those singers, who has came off more like a product than a real songstress of the heart. Sadly, the quality of her music has slowly passed away from the heart, and instead she has just relied on the severe over-demand of bigger has to be better, just like Michael Jackson did. Unfortunately, the quality of her work has caused her to lose her voice at the heart of the matter. Her songs like 7/11 from her Beyonce' Platinum Edition album have faltered badly. The song 7/11, definitely is one of her worst songs on the record, and shows that she has relied too much on being a dance diva to where her voice has suffered a setback in the soul. I found this song to be absolutely annoying, and shows the worst at her own work. Beyonce' honestly needs to grow up and find better than being a product. Her success at her own work, like her voice has died.		Song: F+
1,Well I'm writing this review to improve Amazon's algorithm on recommended music on my account.		This is going to be brutal.	To be clear I'm a Rivethead/Prog Metal Fan.		Which means if it doesn't have a seven string guitar  thrash line supported by an atmospheric synth line. Don't bother.		The Bee Gees called, they want their sound back. Nothing original here... move on.
1,Not my favorite.
1,i didn't purchase this
1,I'M A BIG 8BALL & MJG FAN. BUT THIS ALBUM DIDN'T REALLY IMPRESS ME THAT MUCH. THE ONLY SONGS THAT I REALLY LIKED WERE ''YOU DON'T WANT DRAMA'', ''FOREVER'', ''MEMPHIS CITY BLUES'', AND ''TRYING TO GET AT YOU''. THE REST OF THE ALBUM IS MEDIOCRE. I REALLY THINK THESE GUYS SHOULDN'VE WENT TO BAD BOY. CAUSE AFTER ALL, THESE GUYS DON'T FIT IN AT BAD BOY! THEY SHOULD'VE STAYED WITH SUAVE HOUSE. HIP HOP SEEMS TO BE HAVING ANOTHER MEDIOCRE YEAR. RAP HAS BEEN TOTALLY F***ED UP SINCE 2002, AND IT DOESN'T SEEM TO BE GETTING ANY BETTER.
1,This is supposed to be an accompaniment track (no voices).  However, it's the original song.  I previously purchased the original, and was looking for the version without voices for a memorial DVD.  Ended up with an adequate version from another company (Christian Rock, the Best of. . .).
1,Sounds better online.
1,Sadly, I didn't care for this version after purchasing it.
1,I ordered it for a FRIEND who wanted it.  I don't like AnyThing AnThony HaMilton has made!! NO THANK YOU!
1,annoying
1,The only FUNNY as Hell song of Snoops that I really even listened too.
1,listening to a Nickelback cd is not unlike having a maniac dismember you with a rusty, dull blade. It is a horrifying, brutal experience and the best part is when it is over. Shame on anyone who likes this band.
1,This album is getting tons of hate, but also there are a few people that enjoy this disc (or discs). I'm one of the people that isn't really into this album all of that much. Too many forgettable songs. I think albums like "Octavarium" are better than this.		Rating: 60/100
1,song is OK, not really my style i guess.  I didn't enjoy it but if this type of music is your thing, than go ahead.
1,like most of the songs i download i heard it on a commercial on tv and thought it was good after downloading it the song got on my nerves could have used my dollar on something much better!
1,This is NOT a piece of music.		It is only used for tuning up an orchestra or instrument.		Unless you want to tune your musical instrument, DO NOT DOWNLOAD.		All this is is a single tone, DO NOT DOWNLOAD.
1,I love this song , but not a fan of this singing style, or this guy's voice.
1,It's all about going into space for Kid Cudi on Satellite Flight, or so it would seem. Actually it is more likely a metaphor for taking us listeners into new, unexplored dimensions of thought, not new territory for the expansionist thinker Kid Cudi. The album is enveloped in Cudi's deep, uninterrupted singing voice with one rapping verse inserted in the thick of the album. It is quite the experimental pop/rnb affair, hardly a hip hop album to be correct. Cudi is in typical form lamenting, crowing, and going on in that jazzy, stylistic way of his about his mental separation from society. When he is not singing and besides the one rapping verse on the album, large swaths of intergalactic instrumentals mellow out the proceedings. Satellite Flight: The Journey To Mother Moon definitely has Kid Cudi's patented musical vibe even if it cannot be classified or critiqued as a rap album. Within the genre that Cudi has invented for himself, whatever the name, the album is a respectable one.
1,There is honestly so much that can be said from a singer, who is a real singer. But, when they become more like a robot than a real singer, than you know it is honestly time to throw them away. Unfortunately, with all of that that Rihanna has shown, she has been more like a wasted and manufactured product, than a real songstress, and sadly most of her songs have really been severely overplayed, to where she is more annoying than brilliant. Yet, I was not appealed with her recent set of songs from her life, because they, like her have been overdone. Four Five Seconds, didn't ignite with my heart, to what there could've been done with Paul McCartney and Kanye West. Her latest song, American Oxygen really continues that lagging path that she has been known for, by not listening to herself. She really sounds more like a robot, than really flexes her own voice. If Rihanna is going to have another record, she really has to listen to herself, than what American Oxygen has brought in for her, a wasted tank of gas.		Song: D
1,"A Single Man" by Elton John is a hard one to evaluate. On the one hand, the songs are mostly good ones; and the production is super sweet! Very soft and understated. But Elton's vocals are mostly dis-engaged and generally charmless.		"Return to Paradise" might just be; what with those beautiful falsetto vocals, "Georgia" might  be an under-rated one of those Southern Anthems that filled up "Tumbleweed Connection". But, for me, the real nuggets are the final three songs "Madness", "Reverie" and "Song for Guy", which all sit well together, kind of a trio of darkness, really; "Madness" is a spine chilling disco-prog-rocker with lots of haunting piano chords; "Reverie" is brief but effective, and "Song for Guy" is suitably melancholy and ethereal, given it's essentially a requiem. The vocal part is particularly evocative.		The other songs aren't bad. "I don't care" is a fun rocker in the style of his earlier ones, but the vocals don't relay the fun. "Part-time love" is the best of the rest, a pumpy little tune with a big production. Not a bad album, Rating **1/4 or 2.25
1,garbage
1,Being FORCED to listen to 101.1 Fox FM everyday at work by a manager who THINKS he is a DJ, and THINKS EVERYONE LOVES the top 40, I have to hear the same ten top 10 songs EVERY SINGLE DAY, and they are driving me insane at how horrible each and every one of them are. Man the top 40 is the biggest joke EVER. Especially when it comes to these top 40 playing stations, who avoid the good music that reaches the charts once in a blue moon, and just plays this sort of rubbish, just because they are all paid to.		This particular song here is not a song. I don't care what kind of message it is portraying, a million other songs out there have messages and meanings too, so don't even for one second try to tell me this is unique or special. Just about every other artist out there writes lyrics from the heart, and have a soulful meaning, so quit thinking this one here is the only song that has ever been written to do so. Did I say song? I meant, this guy talking his lyrics out. There is no melody, no soul, no fun, and definitely no talent. At least artists who do these kind of things in the past added a rhythm, or a beat to it to keep it from sounding like a E-book with background sounds. Beck didn't bore you to death like this when they spoke out the lyrics, and at least they added a melodic chorus and showed they where musicians, unlike this guy who if he read this so called "inspirational" poem out without the trickery that it is a song, he would be booed off stage for someone else to come on and wake the rest of the audience up.		The vocals are just irritating, but who knows, maybe I could stand this song had it not been preformed by these untalented artists. They knew the song was so damn boring and they can't add melody because they can't sing, so they got Mary Lambert to come in and throw down whatever POS she could come up with to disguise this spoke words as a song. Hat's off to her for not using an auto-tuner, otherwise I would slam her down too, who ever she is, but even her lyrics and actual melody in this horrible song is not enough to make it worthy of 1 star.
1,No complaints about the content, the music is great. The only issue, and a BIG issue, is how MAKES everyone go through the Amazon Music player just to download the music THAT SHOULD OF BEEN DOWNLOADED TO YOUR COMPUTER IN THE FISRT PLACECAUSE AFTER ALL THAT'S WHAT YOU'RE PAYING FOR!!!	IT DOES NOT MAKE SENSE why in the world they feel the need to make you jump through all kinds of hoops simply to get WHAT YOU BOUGHT!!! *People simply want to download it to their computer no strings attached!!* ***This is the most useless hassle I have ever come across in dealing with WHAT SHOULD BE A REALLY SIMPLE and straight forward task such as downloading the music you just bought***	I have NEVER met anyone that goes out of their wallet to buy music and prefers it to keep it on a stream player app on their computer-_-  If it was like that they would just keep listening to it on youtube.	Its like the most ANNOYING, USELESS "middle man" there could possibly be. If anyone is PAYING for ANYTHING digital it should be a really BASIC-COMMON SENSE LOGIC that they want it on their computer.and not have it rely on a stupid music stream application where they have to change a bunch of settings JUST TO GET WHAT THEY PAID FOR IN THE FIRST PLACE!!!  The MOST idiotic thing is that they don't even give you a choice to download it straight to your computer after you buy itit HAS to go through this useless process.  The thing doesn't even allow you to select to open the folder the music is stored in!  AND on top of that you have to deal with TONS of annoying bugs and glitches, some of which makes you completely stuck, even after re-opening the app, and often makes you have to just completely re-install the it.	***It should be a given that if you purchase a song and select it to download that you *DO_NOT* want it to go directly to some pain in the butt software that for 1, is ALWAYS has some type of super annoying bug and 2, is purely a unnecessary and just a straight up hassle.***  For the pathetic amazon music player I give it 1 star, if I could I would give it a -5 score rating.  I couldn't find anywhere where I can review the music player so Im leaving it here.
1,garbage
1,No, I am not buying this box set for what it is currently selling.  I don't need any bells and whistles.  I'm not 13 years old and I wasn't 13 when I saw The Clash for the first time in San Francisco (London Calling Tour @ The Warfield Theater, April 1980, IIRC).  So, do I care about the music or some decals, a poster and a couple of fanzines?  Take a guess!  So, essentially, if I want the 3 CDs of demos, 'rarities' and B-sides and the DVD, I am supposed to pay an additional $135 above for what I can get the remastered 5 studio albums?  I don't think so!  I don't need a 'cool box' and some miscellaneous crap that I will save until . . . . until I decide it's nothing but crap and throw it out.  Yes, I would love to hear the 3 CDs of unreleased song and watch the DVD, but I'm not willing to get ripped off because Mick Jones can use the extra money.		I might have been born at night, but I wasn't born last night!!  Go straight to hell Mick!  I'm buying the remastered studio albums and will use my savings of $135 on something that 'really matters'.		Oops!  I forgot to mention that you get really cool badges too. ;->
1,It's alright
1,A lot of Rihanna's music has just not been very appealing to me.  The `look at me, I'm edgy and need attention' antics of songs like "Hard", "S&M", and "Rude Boy" just undermine a voice that, under the right circumstances with the right lyrics and music, can be quite good (such as "Umbrella" or "Love the Way You Lie").		  This latest release by her, "Cheers (Drink to that)" doesn't even have the negative attention grabbing aspects of those other songs.  It's just really dull and boring.  It uses the "yeah a yeah" sample from Avril Lavigne's "I'm With You" and plays it over a really droning beat along with Rihanna's disinterested vocals.  In addition, the lyrics tap into such clich&eacute;d `hip' phrases such as `hella good'.  Then it has this really odd interlude where the music cuts out and it sounds like a group of drunks at a bar trying to sing along to the lyrics.		  All in all, this is a very forgettable song.  However, given RiRi's fan base, it will still probably make some noise on the charts.
1,not my kind of music
1,I'm disappointed by this album. Especially, what she said in that song "Let Freedom Reign" the nerve of her to say "I'm just black in America, I'm not Afro american, Just a passive american, Making belief I'm better than, What we've been, what we've been." Woman Afro/African/Black is the same thing! What are you 9 years old?!
1,I used to think this was 'dope.' Little did I realize, it had an awful beat and terrible lyrics.
1,Liberal. Bad attitude. But no more Cher
1,0 keepers.
1,Again, why would I order Christmas Music.  This is upsetting.  Please take off my account.  I want my money back.
1,He is playing to his audience of people who hunt and fish.  Like Hey,  he's talkin' bout huntin' and fishin'...I'm gonna git this one.  Not that special.
1,ok
1,After eight long years Dead Prez is back with their third studio album and I must say this was not worth the wait. The content is still there, but the execution on this album is terrible. It feels like they were forced to change their sound on this just to try and attract some attention from people who wouldn't normally listen to them.		Interludes aside, the first half of the album sounds like they used the same beat for every song only slightly altering the tempo. That wouldn't be a problem if the production was dope, but it's not. It sounds like some Justin Bieber/Flo Rida/Lady Gaga music. The first half of the album is literally Dead Prez rapping about normal Dead Prez topics, but they're doing it over dance music. Why? What were they trying to accomplish by doing that?		The second half of the album provides a little more diversity sonically, but it still isn't anything spectacular. What baffles me is that the two best beats on here are used for the two "GHN" interludes. When I heard the first one come on I got all excited because it actually sounded like a Dead Prez beat, but neither of these gentlemen capitalized on the opportunity.		The production isn't the only issue I have with this album. Both stic.man and M-1 sound dead on this. They lack any genuine energy and they both feel very uncomfortable on these songs. Plus, there's times where it seems like they're just trying to throw as many rhymes together as possible, regardless of whether it makes sense or not.		Standout Songs: "Learning Growing Changing" & "Download (Expand Beyond)"		Overall Score: 4/10 - The moment I heard "A New Beginning" back in September I knew there was no hope for this album. I read someone say that if you don't like this then you're close minded, that's kind of ignorant. It's called an opinion. Dead Prez have set standards for themselves and this didn't live up to them. Hopefully we can hear them return to their Hip Hop roots on their fourth album.
1,This should not be called Pink Floyd-Endless River. A more fitting title would be David Gilmour-A Yanni tribute.	This is not like any other pink floyd album and not even close to Wish you were here.	This is David Gilmour's wifes' music and her influence is evident and ruins the album.	You can be fine without listening to this album, It is not memorable and a rather boring Yanni-ish type of music.
1,Unfortunately, I never received my download of this song though i was charged for it. I was disappointed to say the least about the situation.  I am not sure why this occurs
1,I don't like it.
1,This track wasn't worth the price paid: It was free!
1,B SIDE OF BLOOM ? ;(
1,Meh, 3 tracks are "good" but Its all over the place.	When doing a fun song it abruptly changes. Has christmas music.		Not my thing and wouldn't buy again. Expected it to be more organized w a theme more like Glee, then another "theme".
1,It seems to be a staple for rock groups to do a ballad, and even show off their softer side. Sometimes it comes off touching and sweet, sometimes darker and more haunting, and sometimes just plain amazing. See Hawk Nelson's brilliantly haunting "Fourteen" for case and point. But then again, sometimes it's just straight up ballad just for ballad's sake. Case in point, Secondhand Serenade's "Fall For You."		This piano ballad is about as boring as it is emotionless and unoriginal, and believe me, this will cause you to fall asleep at the wheel. It may please any AC fan, or any fan of this type of song, but from a guy whose pretty much heard it all, I've heard this one before, and done a whole lot better. However, I may be a sucker for the piano, but the musical work here is pretty good.		So overall, from the vocals to the lyrics, A-Z, 1, 2, 3, this song doesn't do anything for me, except put me to sleep. The whole song was probably written to appease a record exec who wanted something to sell, which isn't bad, except when you put no work into it. Unoriginal and Boring are not desirable qualities I like in my music, so if you're into that, this is for you. I'll just keep my distance.
1,bad
1,Prism is much better than Teenage Dream. But the whole album is still NOT for children. There are several songs that are not for children the main one is "Birthday" DO NOT buy this or let your children listen to this! There are some songs that are okay for children but NOT the whole album and definietly NOT the song caleld "Birthday" so if you hear your children listening to this stop it immediately, also do not let them listen to Teenage Dream almost ANY song other than Firework is very sexually explicit! The title track Teenage Dream, California Dreams, ET, Peacock, Last Friday Night are ALL sexually explicit and NO children should listen to those, if you let your children listen to those you are a horrible parent.		Now as for this album there is at least WAY WAY less sexuality...the only major sexual song is Birthday and the lyrics in the other songs are much better, but the major problem with this one is another problem Teenage Dream album had is that it forces way too much high pitched vocals that don't sound good because there's just way too many high pitched vocals in that song...luckily not all songs like are like that...but even the more decent songs are just completely generic and suffer from poor vocals...they're just not AS bad as the others but still not worth listening to. A lot of these songs are clearly influenced by if not directly copying many other songs so the originality is not there, even Roar is highly similar to several other songs including Eye of The Tiger by Survivor, plus the song This Moment copies what made Trapped in The Closet by R. Kelly famous there is no way that similarity was done on accident. Lack of originalty and too many repetitive bad sounding high pitched vocals ruin the majority of the album. Some bad lyrics. Cannot recommend the album has a whole despite the album not being all bad there are some decent [VERY generic] tracks but still not really worth listening to because there is WAY better music out there. This album and the artist themselves is FAKE. This artist never would have had a hit song if it weren't for buying her own radio airtime [confirmed by radio stations] and buying Youtube views [also confirmed by Youtube and VEVO] what ultimately makes these songs just horrible is just the fact of how horrible of a person Katy Perry is. She is a lying, cheating, and backstabbing person who doesn't belong in the music industry. She never would have ever charted if she didn't cheat to chart.
1,just boring. expected more
1,I deeply hate this guy. I hate every "Music Hit" he makes.	I hate all the "funny" Covers he thinks he makes from well known music hits. Either considered as a Parody or not, his "Music" is awful.	His voice is the WORST voice I've ever heard (even worse than my own, which is horrible).		I would give him -********** (MINUS ten stars) if such option would be available in Amazon.com.		If there's still anybody that thinks Weird Al Yankovic is an "Artist"...	Well, maybe you could be very happy living with Bizarre Superman in planet XYZ. Not in this world.
1,I DIDN'T LIKE IT COULDN'T UNDERSTAND THE MUSIC,WOULD LIKE TO REMOVE FROM MY DEVICE. But most  people WOULD find interesting.
1,I liked the original version much better, actually bought this by mistake.
1,ugh
1,Ive gotta admit that after La Gargola, which probably became my favorite Chevelle release, I was anxious for what The North Corridor was going to bring. My anticipation turned to disappointment upon my first listen. There was far too much CLONG-CLONGCLONG-CLONG-CLONG bass and Petes singcreaming stripped songs of any nuance. After a few more listens I can say that TNC has grown on me, but not much. The album is a blisterer and the nuances are there but they're buried pretty good. The overbearing power chords, punk rock drums, the monotonous bass lines, and that singcreaming! It beats you over the head pretty relentlessly. Its Chevelle, tightly wound. I like it when they're a little looser, allow some quieter moments to carry you into heavier moments, focus on some longer melodies, and have Pete screaming a lot less. If I was grading this after the first listen it would have been a 2 star, leaning toward 1. After listening to it a few more times over a few different speaker systems I can appreciate the music more, I certainly hear more of second guitar lines that imbue the songs with that much more interest (like on Young Wicked) but its simply not all that prominent throughout this release, and the music creeps my rating up to a 3 star but the singcreaming just ruins it altogether this time around. All in all a still disappointing 2.5 stars. I won't be listening to this one much.
1,ITS BS Amazon forces you to download their software medial player in order to download the music you paid for. I don't want their media player. I will never buy music from Amazon again.
1,This is the most God-awful piece of dung i have ever heard. How in tarnation was this song so popular?? I'll tell ya how...The general public has bad musical taste! No...wait...it's the God-forsaken mainstream media...they control what gets played on the radio and provide their puppet/dj with a "playlist" of whatever the powers that be want them to play. Production-wise, the dreadful,un-original horn sample used in this song sounds like a Puff Daddy ripoff sample. It's very 1996 and sound like a Kool and the Gang wanna be horn riff.
1,I did not really care for this cover of Santa Baby, but that's my opinion.  I would not have downloaded if I had to pay for it.
1,I have never heard of this singer and the version I downloaded was not the one I was looking for. I am probably looking for a needle in a haystack. The one I think I am looking for is by Joe stampley.
1,Well, having listened to this C.D.,I'm sorry to say this album is pure crap! Yes, I am a die hard Beatles fan, but I can't figure why anybody would like this recording. The instruments sound cheap,the drummer is woeful and the sound in parts sounds thin. I admit this is an early offering by the fab three and poor drummer, but parts of this are unlistenable. I heard my mates copy and wouldn't even bother to buy it myself. Very poor album.
1,NOT SO ROYAL PURPLE RAIN
1,Bad sound quality
1,Monica has a lovely voice, but her music has never matched the caliber of her instrument. "Still Standing" is a typical r&b CD loaded with generic fillers and sampled classics. I listened to this CD and was highly disappointed. It's another boring CD that I will put in a corner and watch it collect dust.
1,Do NOT remember ordering this, at all.  Don't even know where it may be at this time.  But if I DID order, I must've liked it at the time.
1,Didn't like it
1,KING PRINCE GAVE HIS ALL, EVEN TO DIE 4 YOU, WHAT A SACRIFICE!!!!
1,When it has came down to Mariah Carey, her music at heart has been terrible and out of tune for quite awhile. It has been a very long while since she came out with new songs. The past few years set the motion of her music failing and more about her feuds between Nicki Minaj, and the decision of firing her as a judge on American Idol. Her latest set of songs, do fail to ignite on her new record Me... I Am Mariah: The Elusive Chanteuse. Thirsty, the next single from wasted album shows that Mariah still is missing the mark at heart and in voice as well. I really found the song to be even worse than even all the songs she had released from her last album, Memoirs Of An Imperfect Angel. She definitely needs to find better in her voice, and her heart. Hopefully, there will be better from her to quench your thirst in her voice.		Song: D+
1,It seems that The Cure is making a comeback in the form of all these new acts that sound old.  You can thrust Washed Out in that equation.  It's interesting that they chose such a name for their group, considering the fact that their musical direction leaves them sounding a bit, well, washed out.  It's not that I can't appreciate this breed of music; it's just that the synth heavy beat becomes rather stagnant over the running time because there is no real change in the musicality.  It just remains redundant from start to finish.  I would have liked some swells here and there to differentiate key moments in the song.  Instead, `Amor Fati' seems to go nowhere.  I'm sure there will be some who really enjoy this, and I will admit that in parts this song (and apparently this group) shines.  Vocally, I see a lot of potential, but the flow of the song itself is so monotone that the vocals take on a similar shading.  And yet, despite my apparent dissatisfaction with this particular song, I ultimately hear something that has me intrigued and wanting to hear more.  I know, strange right?  Well, I am interested in hearing more from them to see how well rounded they are as a group.  If the balance of their album is in this same vein then I'll be staying far away, but if they can use their talented parts to create something a little more unique and interesting than I can see them becoming something I thoroughly enjoy.		So, I personally kind of hate this song but I am interested in hearing what else this group can do.
1,I remember, when you use to play shoot them up bang bang baby baby!  Owww, that is another intruder song I cannot get enough of.
1,Stupid remake. Amazon get your act together and stop pissing on your customers. NOT an original version, not worth a penny.
1,never received it!! had previous review for other songs but only noticed 17 at that time. now I see all these. just copy and paste the other review for everything cuz same comments apply :-(-		had forgotten I even ordered this until I started writing reviews for other purchases!! ugghhhh!!!  other songs this same comment. damn! since I don't remember them I most likely don't have a copy of the original order, where it was supposed to come from and too late to get the item or be refunded!! ugghhhh!!!		close to $100 worth of music never received!!
1,I like the old fashioned gospel music.  This is contemporary.
1,ok music
1,Way too melancholic and just no. Deleted. No style, no character, or personality, or something please?!
1,Was sort of looking forward to her new one, but a huge disappointment. Definitely not worth your money. Go elsewhere for a hit than this. Not to mention it greatly sounds like "Brave" by sara bareilles
1,Small Source of Comfort is the worst Bruce Cockburn music ever!  Bruce Cockburn has not done it for me over the last several years.  His early work (up through "Circles In The Stream") has a sort of innocence to it.  It was filled with spiritual wonder and well crafted lyrics - poetic and insightful.  I lost interest from "Circles" until "Stealing fire" and "World of Wonders".  The CD "Big Circumstance" seemed to go back into his heavy political activism views.  His live CD was okay, but nothing like his first live CD "Circles in the Stream".  Then a jewel came along reviving Bruce as fresh and insightful again with "Nothing but a burning light".  Then came along a nice Christmas CD filled with unique arrangements, and then "Dart to the Heart". "Nothing" and "Dart" were fantastic.  Bruce seemed to back away from his political BS and back into spiritual songs, insightful lyrics, and songs filled with real meaning.  Bruce was back.  Then came Charity.  A pretty good CD but lacking a bit from "Nothing" & "Dart".  Then it went downhill.  "Breakfast" and "You've never seen everything" were musically good, but lyrically lackluster.  Kind of dull.  Then it got worse.  "Life short" was a dissapointment and a CD rarely listend to at all.  I thought it could not get any worse until "Small source of comfort" came out.  This is the first CD that is total trash and worthless.  Bruce has lost his mind, is alienating most everyone and appealing to the liberal left to the maximum.  Sometime I did not agree with some of Bruce's songs but I could undersand was coming from, or his view point.  I am open to other opnions and with music, you certainly have to be.  However, with "Small source of comfort" instead of love, spiritual, and political; the listener gets ALL political mumbo jumbo.  Yuck.  The music is not as good, Bruce's voice is not as strong, and most disappointing is the lyrical content.  The songs have no passion or insightful meaning, just quotable hate and low tolerance for anything other than those who preach tolerance but are the least tolerant of all.  I used to really enjoy Bruce Cockburn.  Wonder if the spiritual side will reawaken sometime in the near future?  Who knows, but "Small Source of Comfort" is awful.  I really tried to give it a fair shake by using the test of time.  I could not even listen to it when I got it so I put it away for a year and tried it again.  No such luck, it is just as awful today as when I first recevied it.  Can Bruce produce something worthy of listening to again?  He is so far left now that I do not know if he can pull himself back into some sort of normalcy.  Then again, I guess that is the trouble with the normal and I will just be waiting on a miracle.  MAD
1,Do not read any other review I,am by many terms the nicest reviewer on items here on Amazon,But this is by far the worst cd I have ever ordered and demanded my money back from Amazon,which they gave me and hope they will remove this seller from there site. This is defiately a bootleg,you only have to google there record company and duh no such company. Save your money and buy something else on Amazon. Its companies like this that give wonderful sites like Amazon a bad name.
1,very good
1,the music sucks only got it because it was free
1,Not worth the price: this digital download was free!
1,There is no question that Lorde has had one of the biggest anthems from the past year with the success of her song Royals. But after that, she honestly hasn't seemed to show that she has been a strong successful songstress in the way she had shown from the beginning. Her latest song Tennis Court, the third single from her debut album Pure Heroine actually lags a bit into the drive from the heart. I just felt that the song definitely showed not to be one of her better songs. It was good at first, but honestly not as strong as Royals. It is alright, but not anything really driven. I definitely felt that this song for Lorde showed to be more of a fault than a ace from the hole. Hopefully, when Lorde comes up with a follow-up album, there will be more than just a miss on a tennis court.		Song: D+
1,NEVER RECIEVED THIS.  what else can I say............I paid and it NEVER showed up.... SCREWED and no  flippin cares... but someone got my cash, that was what is important I guess
1,This album sounds like Greenday running out of ideas and just decided to throw their leftover songs from the first two albums of the trilogy onto a third disc.  Not impressed at all.  Guitars are too mellow sounding, weak distortion, and not one Song I can say is memorable.
1,NEVER GOT DOWNLOADED
1,too expensive
1,Huge comics fan, especially DC.  The animated movies are really a Trademark to movie making without a doubt! Wow I really wanted to like this but it was barely watchable!  Unfortunately the director didn't think highly of jonah Hex.
1,song
1,It's just a preference. It's not my cup of tea that's all. Too heavy going for young children i think.
1,not my type of music
1,ok
1,Gift
1,I would like my money back please.
1,so i read the reviews on here, which i rarely trust anyways, and i decided to get the cd.  (even though i HATE intuition) Lyrically, this IS a bit like her previous albums.  They COMPLETELY butchured her voice though, and made most of it a Dance album...that's what REALLY pissed me off about this album.  Jewel was PERFECT the way she was. and she sounds WAY better on her previous albums, and live.  what was ORIGINAL about her was how u could hear her putting feel into her songs with her vocal capacity.  this all sounds the same and no vocal range at all.  PLEASE all you newcomer jewel fans, pick up one of her EARLIER albums and you will see why us REAL jewel fans hate this cd so much.  she's throwing away good talent, and good looks.  i liked her look before, now she just looks like a hooker.	but all in all let's pray that jewel went through a phase, and will go back to her original stuff on her next album.  She is still the same old Jewel in concert though, which is good. so maybe there's hope after all!
1,It's not bad it's just not my kind of music. I am sure one of my friends will enjoy this group.
1,This is a weird dubstep verison of the song. I was purchasing it through my phone so I didn't have a chance to listen to it before I bought it. So while it has the original lyrics, it's pretty weird.
1,Mediocre.
1,Sorry but ne-yo track 16 sums it by the lyric saying everybody loved his older albums which is true and I got say non-fiction is mediocre has some gems and I bought the target exclusive with 21 tracks but I've heard better material dude's sold out
1,Weird horns, a bunch of pots and pans banging around, and some type of drip-drop noise with a random voice over it all...that's the best way I can describe the songs on this album. Not a fan.	The only decent songs are Take U There, Where Are U Now, and To U - but even those 3 songs can be irritating.
1,The last 1:20 of the song is cut off. This is one of my favorite songs from 2001 and I cannot get a clean copy of it from my favorite resource. This is terrible shame, I should have known something was wrong when I couldn't find the Duets soundtrack.
1,This whole "gangsta rap" craze is a major disgrace. As much as I hate Eminem, at least his lyrics sometimes mean something. 50's don't mean nothin'. Okay, you're gangsta, we understand, we've had this whole "I'm a Gangsta" thing shoved down our throats for the past decade, and frankly, it's CRAP. Gangsta rap is worthless - I wouldn't touch it.
1,With the way music has gone from good to embarrassingly bad lately, I guess I shouldn't be surprised that even Deftones has lost its edge. This is not a bad album, but it's not great either. Does anybody remember Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure? If you do, you probably remember Wyld Stallions, and how the music of Bill and Ted restored peace and reset Nature's balance around the globe. Well, it feels like that's what Deftones are ATTEMPTING to do with Gore. It's a collection of eleven tracks that are neither metal nor rock nor ambient. They're eleven average songs trying too hard to restore peace and reset Nature's balance around the globe. None of these tracks stand out. They all just kind of start and end and blend from one to the next. This is one of my favorite bands, but this is definitely my least favorite album they've released since their inception well over a decade ago. To say I'm disappointed would be an understatement. I can only hope future efforts find these guys on top of their game again.
1,know idea
1,Catchy song, but she's quite the despicable person isn't she. This is her attempt to address the allegations levied against her in Ed Sheeran's "Don't"? "You wanted my heart/But I like just liked your tattoos." Really? Well, if true, then it basically confirms everything Ed was saying and makes me dislike her cheating a$$ even more.
1,This is NOT a piece of music.		It is only used for tuning up an orchestra or instrument.		Unless you want to tune your musical instrument, DO NOT DOWNLOAD.		All this is is a single tone, DO NOT DOWNLOAD.
1,The wife loves this song, I don't. YMMV.
1,Not club nouveau....... this is the Timex Social Club. Don't buy it!!!!!
1,It's hard to listen to this whorish song.
1,The people impressed with this must not have heard New Beginnings, her last cd. This new one is so monotone and go nowhere it's a mystery as to what the heck happened. New Beginnings is one of my favorite cd's, and  Telling Stories would be my least favorite if it weren't for the title  track. This cd has no zip, zing, or pizzazz. Would someone please wake her  up?
1,What do you expect for free. Amazons MP3 music site is all screwed up.
1,I wasn't aware we had acquired this until asked to review it and just listened to it.  Despite some good lines in the lyrics, the instrumentation is often shrill and discordant.  It wasn't as bad as chalk screeching on the blackboard, but it is not something I would have deliberately.  The singers have good voices, and if I were more curious, I might try to find out why they chose to use the instruments the way they did.  To be fair, I do know people that would enjoy this, they like "experimental" music, but for me, it was like listening to the kind of jazz or classical music that only real aficionados can appreciate, where the nuances and subtleties go beyond the individual skills and into a realm of appreciation I simply lack.  I dislike reviewing music because tastes are so individual and I suggest  what I suggest to folks I take to a new restaurant.  Taste it, if you don't like it, don't finish it.  But I listened to the whole song.  If you know these folks, you probably already like them, if you don't, hit the 30 second sampler or go to youtube and listen to a video.  Nothing ventured, nothing gained.  I gained the knowledge that Honest Face wasn't my kind of song, but I may give Finn and Jane another listen on their other songs before I make a decision on them.
1,This is pretty embarrassing.
1,This is coming from an object reviewer and not a one direction super fan who thinks that every single song by them is amazing.		For me, this song was a complete miss. One Direction definitely has more potential than this song shows. The lyrics are unexciting and uninspiring. I feel like I have heard them a million times. It all just felt so unoriginal. I also did not like the general rhythm and sound of the song. I really do not think that this song should have been released as a single.
1,I replaced this track because the original one on CD was defective. I'm NOT happy that this version is a "radio edit". The original (album) version of this song is 4:40. Therefore, I've been cheated--perhaps I should have compared the edited version with the original one before purchasing it. If I could, I would request a refund or have Amazon replace it with the longer version.
1,I like the original song if I would have known it was this tiesto's birthday I will not have purchased it
1,good song,not good for this album
1,I never recrived this song snd I was charged for it anyway
1,Would be better if original artists sang.
1,a let down cd. I try so hard to get into all that remains when the metal radio station was playing this probably won't end well. but when I got the cd all songs were no where close to the first track. save your money. buy slipknot new cd.
1,DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS!!!		This is a remastered version of "Nevermind" and it is HORRIBLE.		The sound of Nirvana that was on the original "Nevermind" album that was perfectly mastered and perfectly produced by Butch Vig and recorded at Sound City DOES NOT exist on this recording.  All of the songs are missing the original sound that made this album great.		Remastering this album is just like someone going back and remastering the original Rage Against the Machine album that was also recorded at Sound City.		If it is PERFECT, don't screw with it!  You can't beat PERFECTION!!		Music recorded at Sound City on the very rare NEVE console using tape and actual talent are VERY FEW.  Please, Please, Please, SAVOR them as they are supposed to be savored.  Don't support a crappy remaster that is nothing like the original recording.		BUY THE ORIGINAL ALBUM!  You will not be disappointed.
1,Not so good.
1,After his 2006 album "Release Therapy", Ludacris seemed to get a lot of criticism for a deeply personal album that wasn't really that bad. He bounced back with his best effort to date- 2008's "Theater Of The Mind" and things seemed to be going well- at least that's how Ludacris tells it. He talked about a concept album called "Battle Of The Sexes"- a duet album between himself and Shawnna (best known for appearing on his song "What's Your Fantasy" and her hit "Gettin' Some"). Unfortunately, Shawnna abandoned the project midway through completion, and rather than shelve the album, Ludacris soldiered on with the project. The end result is Shawnna appearing only on three songs- "I Do It All Night", "B.O.T.S. Radio" and the phone sex inspired "Feelin' So Sexy".		There are other guests who fill the absence left by Shawnna. Nicki Minaj steps in for the song "My Chick Bad", Ne-Yo appears on the Swizz Beatz produced "Tell Me A Secret", and Trey Songz makes a cameo on the rather dull "Sex Room". The songs "Everybody Drunk" and "Party No Mo'" are horribly out of place on this album. In fact, the only song that actually is in line with the concept of the album is "B.O.T.S. Radio". Things come to a close with the final track, The Neptunes produced "Sexting" which makes light of the Tiger Woods scandal. The problem with this album- aside from the production- is the album overall is misleading regarding the concept of "Battle Of The Sexes". The album title should have been "Pandering To The Sexes" being that is what's done on the entire album. If you're a Ludacris fan, you may want to sit this one out.
1,had forgotten I even ordered this until I started writing reviews for other purchases!! ugghhhh!!! 2 other CDs this same comment. damn! since I don't remember them I most likely don't have a copy of the original order, where it was supposed to come from and too late to get the item or be refunded!! ugghhhh!!!
1,there is no need to listen to music in the sense that music is garbage nowadays. no music is better than music.
1,Alanis Morissette is Arguably one of the Most Over-Hyped Acts over the Past Decade easily.when She first Arrived in Her Post Disco/Pop Era She seemed like something different."You Outta Know" was a catchy but in your face song.since then with&without Glenn Ballard She has came close to that Intensity&Almost matched it with various songs but this Album shows Why She still hasn't Surpased those Heights. She matches the Production but the songs themselves seem to Formula Driven to me.they are missing Drive&Depth. Vocally&Lyrically not much has changed. She can take a few years off if She keeps the Formula going.it's cool She has Label Mate or I should I Say Former Label Mate MeShall'Nede'ocello on it.it's cool to see Her still doing Her thing but this Album is another Easy Cash in overall.
1,Nirvana's Nevermind really kicked things off for the early 90's Seatle Grunge movement. A new sound for a new decade, Nirvana and other grunge groups put an end to the popularity of the 80s pop/metal movement. While, Nirvana is an alright band, but I don't consider Kurt Cobain the musical genious that many people claim he his. Kurt wrote some really good songs, but Nevermind isn't really a masterpiece by any means. Smells Like Teen Spirit, and Come as You Are are very good songs, and Nevermind is an enjoyable listen every once in awhile, many of the songs don't leave a lasting impression. If you're a teenager you'll probably want Nevermind, but since they have a greatest hits album I'd recommend that as a starting point to new fans.
1,It is too bad that when SINGERS eventually cover the recent music of Lucinda Williams they will have better sounding versions than do the originals as 'sung' by Lucinda.  I have no idea why she has chosen to slur and mumble through her songs, but she has and her vocals make the songs not worthy of listening to them.  The instrumental portion of LW's music is great, but her vocals keep me from buying this crap.  Bob Dylan's voice sucks donkey dongs. So, it is not hard to understand why he sings the way he does.  On the other hand, Lucinda has (at least she used to have) a very good voice and why she would record her vocals as she does is beyond me.  I suppose it's because some worshipers still buy this drivel.
1,I did not care for this version at all.....very "boppy"...dancing type of version. It absolutely ruins the feel of the song. :-(
1,Love her voice
1,I don't know why, but since I heard "Rehab" from Amy Winehouse, the first thing that came to my mind was, "Gosh, she sounds as a prefab-recycled product from the Record Industry"!		Therefore, you may like or dislike her musical style. In my very humble opinion, I don't like this singer at all. Her music is a well-made 'collage' of other musical styles. Nothing new. She pretends to sound like... Etta James?? Her image of the 'New Bad Girl in the Music Scene' appears completely false and empty. Lots of dirty language in her songs, add nothing better to her music and image.		Then I say: AW is a NO-NO-NO choice for serious music listeners! Don't spend your money buying music from this artist. Period!
1,Bought this for a work function, not for me. I am sorry that I could not give a more in-depth review.
1,too expensive
1,This was a bit disappointing in that it was highly touted before and after its release.
1,I LOVE her but this CD was a disappointment
1,GOOD
1,Nice art.  Marginal recording.  I find it ironic.  If you want to know why this and many other recordings sound bad ... G00GLE "Loudness War".
1,Sucks
1,I never liked this song. I never understood how the boy was just like the dad. He related to his dad with the same lack of attention his dad had shown him. But he sounded attentive and concerned about his own kids (they had the flu), so to me the boy turned out better that the dad, not just like him. This song is just one big blah.
1,love music and work in Music Publishing, I do not like only.playing this on computer.  Not phone or play on CD in car or stereo
1,I downloaded this because it was free, and deleted it within a hour of the download it was not good and I understood why it was free.
1,This version is not what you would expect.  I am sorry I purchased it.  Stick with the Verge.  If you order this item, get a refund.
1,I like steampunk. I like Weird West. I like comic book adaptations. I like movies that bust out of the usual genre cliches.		But it's not an unconditional love -- the loathing I have for "Jonah Hex" proves it. This movie is a bit like the evil love child of "Wild Wild West" and "Van Helsing," with all the bloodcurdling stupidity of the former and the flashy steampunky trappings of the latter. Josh Brolin does his best to salvage this messy undercooked stew of cliches, but honestly... there's no saving this movie.		Jonah Hex (Brolin) was a Confederate soldier who turned against his commander Quentin Turnbull (John Malkovich), and Turnbull got his revenge by killing Hex's family, scarring his face and leaving him for dead on a cross. Of course he doesn't die, but becomes a bounty hunter who can communicate with the dead just by touching them. All this is crammed in the first three minutes.		Then the president recruits him to hunt down Turnbull, who is building "the weapon" that could destroy the entire United States. So he meanders off and brawls with some people, gets some crossbow-guns (what?), and rushes to rescue his favorite hooker-with-a-heart-of-gold (is there any other kind in movies?).		I wish I could give a better summary of the plot in "Jonah Hex," but that's kind of like examining the acting talent displayed by Megan Fox -- it's so minimal that you'll just sprain your brain if you try to actually talk about it. Jonah is traumatized, he shoots people, he gets drafted, he shoots people, he goes searching for Turnbull, he shoots people, and so on and so forth.		Basically there's not much plot here, so the writers pad it with as many fiery explosions, gunfights and hallucinatory flashbacks as they possibly can. The dialogue is leaden ("Ain't mah country. Git lost or git dead"), and all the dramatic twists are painfully predictable. As for "the weapon," it is quite possibly the silliest superweapon I have EVER seen in a movie, short of a giant slingshot. THIS is supposed to be able to bring down a budding superpower?		I'll give Brolin credit, he does what he can, and he slurs and grinds around his fake facial deformity with convincing grittiness. The problem is, his character's backstory is so hastily slapped together that it's hard to care -- I mean, it's sad that his family died, but we barely even SAW them and don't see much of how he felt. Megan Fox is all flat drawling and vacuous stares, but fortunately she only has a few scenes. During the more dramatic moments you can almost see smoke coming out of her ears.		"Jonah Hex" is all wasted potential -- it has pretty much no plot, not much decent acting, and an ending worthy of "Mystery Science Theater 3000." Give it a pass.
1,Ease down & have a taste of the soothing sound of music,sometimes slow is better,enjoy the sweet mood your in.
1,This track wasn't worth the price paid: It was free!
1,None of the songs downloaded. All of the other bands did. Not sure what the problem is. Will change my rating if and when I figure it out.
1,Got tired of it way too quickly.
1,I like it
1,I order the wrong song.  I did not like this one very much.  Men with high voices and poor music quality.
1,At the End when he sings well be scheduled to appear 1000 miles away from here, the song stops.	But other than that it's ok, Amazon Gave me my money back.
1,ex husband hacked into account and ordered them. No idea how it is working.
1,This album sucks!  I could blather on about how great Josh's voice is, how heartfelt and profound his compositions are, the angst of finding love and still could not come up with a decent enough excuse for this turd of a CD.  The Grobanites posting the orgasmic reviews of this CD are either doing so out of misguided love and loyalty for their curly haired cutie pie or they are simply deaf.		I'm not one to expect any artist to sing the same old stuff album after album.  Josh definitely stretched his singing chops with the work he did with Lady Blacksmith Mambazo and the cool, hip, jazz piece "Machine" all from Closer.  Now that was cool.  It wasn't the same old Power Ballads that made him famous or the Foster Sugar Schlock.  But Illuminations makes it difficult to believe that Josh spent five years slaving over musical compositions and arrangements and the best he could come up with was this piece of crap.  What's even more ballsy is the price of the "Internet Edition" he's selling on his exclusive fan club.  $39.99 for this plus two additional digital downloads.  And why not?  The four to five star reviews posted just here proves that he can clear his throat and his devoted Grobanites will applaud him.		What this album sounds like is that Josh goofed off for five years and told his fans he was slaving over the bestest-ever-in-the-world-CD-just-for-them and he knows they're stupid enough to believe him.  At the last minute, he moves to New York, putters about and then pukes up some whining, whinging, angst-ridden, lonely-in-New-York-looking-for-love pabulum that only Grobanites find palatable.		Groban is better than this.
1,It is honestly absolutely so sad whenever someone young and talented has lost themselves in pure voice and heart. Mariah Carey had so much talent in the 90's and in the 2000 decade when she released The Emancipation of Mimi, but these days the talent has been more wasted in heart. The music on her most recent album Me I Am Mariah... The Elusive Chanteuse has been more of a waste of time, and far departure considering the end of her own marriage to Nick Cannon, and the lack of drive in her recent works. Thirsty, the lead single from the album is absolutely one of her worst songs she has recorded in years. It is definitely a lack of time that she couldn't electrify in her own soul, and lags what she showed in songs like We Belong Together and It's Like That. She honestly lagged a real rhythm from her own heart and the upbeat songs she used to deliver, makes me want to go to her earlier works, when her voice was strong and when she used to have talent. I would definitely pass this song up.		Song: D-
1,not my kind of music
1,Eh
1,What?? righteous brothers is my favorite oldies singers. what happened to this digital version  its not clear  sounds growling and like coming from under water recoding  plkease remaster the digital version sorry  bad piece of  digital  the song is my favorite and the singer but it was reproduced so badly.
1,This is awful. I'm so sick of hearing this song.	Someone put her to sleep and ban her from radio indefinitely.
1,I think CeCe Peniston's material represents the 90's decade well.  I like that black turtle neck outfit she wears in "Finally."  I guess "Keep on Walking" is funky as far as rhythm, instruments, and beats go, culminating into a well put together song from the 90's.  "I thought that what we had would never end.."  is obviously a song about a romantic relationship.  Beyonce's "De Ja Vu" and Teena Marie's "Square Biz" are similar to this song's style.
1,i liked it when i heard it on the game rockband or whatever game it was on but i don't like it as much as i did before
1,great song
1,It is sincerely sad that whenever someone is on top of their game with good music, can actually have a set of songs that can cause them to lose control with their credibility. Meghan Trainor has been one of those artists that just came out a few years ago, and scored some big hits like All About That Bass and Dear Future Husband. But overall, when you can make a namesake for yourself, you also can easily lose it with the wrong set of songs that can make you lose your career. Her latest set of songs has been fairly good with Better When I'm Dancing from The Peanuts Movie, but when I had heard this song, I thought she is going to make a tailspin down. NO, the lead single from her Thank Album is really a move that could also derail her career, trying to be a little bit of hip hop and pop, into the styles of Rihanna and Beyonce' into her music. Sadly, the song does not even work all out Meghan, and I'm not very thrilled overall. The song was definitely not even worth listening to overall.		Song: D+
1,I'm a big Pink Floyd fan but lets face it....this album is an Endless Snooze. Its almost as if this is a different band. This is nothing like A Momentary Lapse of Reason. With all due respect to the band, I think its time for the Floyd to retire.
1,Ambrosia Anthology had the same songs plus many more so it was a far better deal. I thought I might get a better quality sound but it was the same.
1,Unable to play on my device.
1,Evil satanic garbage.
1,My mom made me order this crap
1,I was a little girl when LL was at the top of his game, and yes I had a crush on him.  Can you believe this guy still made hits when I got to high school?  I realize whenever I see this music video, it makes me feel good, and so does this song.  Therefore, I will say it takes me back to the old days and good memories.  The beats and rhythm in the song sound like a merry-go-round would sound if music went with it.  "Merry-go-round,"  "Around" the way.."  anyway, he is rhyming about making passes at girls while walking down the block, most likely in Jamaica, Queens where he grew up.  Flirting with ladies while they do everyday things like sucking on a "blow pop."  I bought that brand lollipop all the time where I went to elementary and junior high school in Crown Heights.  The rhythm and harmonies in this song are soft, and not too hard.
1,Racist
1,no like.
1,The beat is choppy over typical 80's rythym.  You get the feeling of a James Bond film.  I think I did hear it @ the beginning of a James Bond film.	  I always thought Duran Duran  was from England.
1,I bought this c.d. for the title track. I thought it was Earth Wind & Fire and found out it was Ramsey Lewis. If I had heard the album first I would have only downloaded the title track.
1,i did not buy this so not sure why i'm asked to rate it.. Can someone explain why i have to rate it as a purchase I made?
1,decent song
1,Nobody gets on the radio without the backing of a major label who spend on average $300,000 per song per "artist".  ALL music heard on commercial radio has been extensively market researched using focus groups.  So the music you hear on radio is deliberately chosen, if not designed, to appeal to the most people in the demographic that is being marketed to.  Because so much money is at stake both in terms of profit and promotion, major record companies are interested not in music, but in moving product.  Art and integrity don't matter, only sales.  That is why we have bland, musical junkfood like Nickleback's The Long Road clogging up the airwaves.  And it's only going to get worse as more and more radio stations or marketing outlets are owned by fewer and fewer corporations.  Art by committee sucks folks.  As a marketing device Nickleback are brilliant, as music they stink on ice.  This is about as mindlessly commercial as it gets.
1,so i read the reviews on here, which i rarely trust anyways, and i decided to get the cd.  (even though i HATE intuition) Lyrically, this IS a bit like her previous albums.  They COMPLETELY butchured her voice though, and made most of it a Dance album...that's what REALLY pissed me off about this album.  Jewel was PERFECT the way she was. and she sounds WAY better on her previous albums, and live.  what was ORIGINAL about her was how u could hear her putting feel into her songs with her vocal capacity.  this all sounds the same and no vocal range at all.  PLEASE all you newcomer jewel fans, pick up one of her EARLIER albums and you will see why us REAL jewel fans hate this cd so much.  she's throwing away good talent, and good looks.  i liked her look before, now she just looks like a hooker.	but all in all let's pray that jewel went through a phase, and will go back to her original stuff on her next album.  She is still the same old Jewel in concert though, which is good. so maybe there's hope after all!
1,I accidently hit buy so my mistake didn't care for this song at all and getting really sick of these females half naked everywhere No Im not prudish at all but I really don't need to see it all the time enough already.keep yout clothes on!!!!!!!
1,I assumed this would have some variance in it, but it is the same bowl being tapped over and over, no overlapping or changes throughout the whole, very long piece. I wonder if they just recorded one gap, then repeated it again and again. There must be better meditational "music" (and I use the term loosely there as it is nothing but the ringing of the bowl -- no other instruments, no melody, no chanting, ... nada) than this. I was very disappointed.
1,song was great BUT Amazon does NOT let you download the MP3 more than once. So IF you happen to delete it or LOSE it like I did by aaccident. You are screwed. Will not buy MP3 from amazon again.
1,Wow...time hasn't been great for the 'of Shadester....I bought this album not only because it was $5.99 but also the critics said it reminded them of Em's earlier albums.  I don't know what they were thinking because this album is garbage.  The only song that's good is the one with Rihanna and that's the last track.  Eminem's earlier albums had lyrical structure, humor, and most importantly, beats by Dre.  This album doesn't have any of that and it's sad because I WANTED to hear that in this album and it failed to deliver.
1,On her debut, Susan came out as a surprise big voiced, no face winner and the beginning of a promising career. On this, her second official release, she delivers a Christmas(?) CD. I know a lot of artists these days try to stretch the Christmas a little far by adding Children's songs like When You Wish Upon A Star or even Over The Rainbow. Susan takes a Lou Reed song, Perfect Day and turns it into...? It IS nice and certainly does not remind me of baking cookies for Christmas. It reminds me of the sarcasm and wit of Lou Reed being reinvented by a Mary Tyler Moore meets Carol Burnett. 6 out of 10 songs can certainly claim their stake as holiday classics, however, Don't Dream It's Over remake does not! It's odd that she would put Silent Night on her annual CD and not a Christmas CD? Oh well...NEXT!	Next...Susan Boyle Love CD for Valentines Day featuring Danny Boy and I'm Getting Nothing For Christmas!  lol
1,I'm OK with someone changing their sound a bit just to liven things up. However, there is about 80% less piano here and about 80% of the tunes are so lifeless here. He sings with next to no feeling. And the choruses are repeated too much. "Satisfaction" and "Take Me Away" are said painful songs to endure. Also this 3rd effort is way, WAY too upbeat. It gives the whole album an emptier vibe than I think John really wanted. "Green Light" is the only upbeat track here that I like. He steps out from the piano here and this song lights up the room. It just works. "Everybody Knows" and especially "This Time" are also really good tracks. "Quickly" featuring Brandy is OK but gets old. "No Other Love" featuring Estelle fairs a bit better and is a song you can get through without cringing. There is depth to be heard in some of the lyrics to the songs. In fact I really like when John is talking about not having love anymore cause here, like on "Everybody Knows" it really works. I felt his pain on that track. But most of the hooks here fall flat. I was shocked that I hated the majority of the album as much as I did. I honestly wouldn't care if I never heard this album again in my life. Yes, it's that bad, John. To put it bluntly he will only have to half try on his next CD to come up with better material than this because he's talented. But this is a mess. Seriously.		So average it's painful. Skip it altogether.		2.5 stars.
1,Don't think much of Bruno Mars think
1,I'M A BIG 8BALL & MJG FAN. BUT THIS ALBUM DIDN'T REALLY IMPRESS ME THAT MUCH. THE ONLY SONGS THAT I REALLY LIKED WERE ''YOU DON'T WANT DRAMA'', ''FOREVER'', ''MEMPHIS CITY BLUES'', AND ''TRYING TO GET AT YOU''. THE REST OF THE ALBUM IS MEDIOCRE. I REALLY THINK THESE GUYS SHOULDN'VE WENT TO BAD BOY. CAUSE AFTER ALL, THESE GUYS DON'T FIT IN AT BAD BOY! THEY SHOULD'VE STAYED WITH SUAVE HOUSE. HIP HOP SEEMS TO BE HAVING ANOTHER MEDIOCRE YEAR. RAP HAS BEEN TOTALLY F***ED UP SINCE 2002, AND IT DOESN'T SEEM TO BE GETTING ANY BETTER.
1,Mistake!
1,just a relaxing song about a man away from his women for work
1,Good download
1,I love the two singles, Spin and Out of Breath, so I thought I'd download this first and give it a try.  As much as I hate to give an album with meaningful lyrics such a low rating, I have no other choice.  Sorry to all you hardcore fans, but this didn't cut it!  I tried to like this album and I still couldn't get into a lot of these songs!  There's too many slow, sleep  inducing tracks!  I can get the same thing from my relaxation CD!!  Not even the bonus track How Long is worth the extra money!  I gave this two stars for the five songs I like:  Spin, Sky Is Falling, Am I Ever Gonna Find Out, Out Of Breath, and Take Me Away.  My advice:  Go ahead, if you're a hardcore fan!  If you're just a casual fan like me, just download it or borrow it from a friend!  And while you're at it, try No Name Face instead!  So far, I've only heard sound clips, but it still seems like a better album than this!
1,family member downloaded for their mp3
1,What happened to this band.		Diamond eyes was incredible beyond words. KNY was pretty decent for the most part and now we have gore. The album should have been called Meh, because that's how I feel about most of the songs.		Besides the excellent, beautiful and passionate Phantom Bride and prayers/triangles, This album SUCKS. Its just random noise, inconsistent and unfocused. The song writing is weak and sloppy. This is very disappointing as Deftones are one of my favorite bands and I was really looking forward to this album, but I have to call a spade a spade.		Avoid this album. Go with Diamond eyes, White pony or around the fur first.
1,Never cared so much for the original, but, Billy Idol's late eighties remake is about as pleasant as smelling a wet fart. How did this song become so popular?? hmm...Leave it to these robotic, zombie like, program directors/puppets working for the large radio- owning conglomerates. anyway, enough of my ranting, this song is horrible and has dated horribly.
1,this Club Nouveau/Timex Social Club greatest hits on Thump records is all rerecorded vocals by a different front man. Sounds awful. AVOID.
1,This is NOT a piece of music.		It is only used for tuning up an orchestra or instrument.		Unless you want to tune your musical instrument, DO NOT DOWNLOAD.		All this is is a single tone, DO NOT DOWNLOAD.
1,its ok
1,$1.29 is a THIRTY PERCENT increase in the price of music.  REFUSE TO PAY for these over-priced songs!  There are plenty still available at $0.99.  Tell the record companies WE WILL NOT PAY MORE!
1,Good strip club song. If your into it.
1,Anybody who put their name on this piece of dung should be banned from ever recording music again. The three a$$ clowns who did this song: Pitbull, Neyo, and Afrojack have little or no talent. The lion's share of the blame for this travesty of a song goes to Afrojack, who is responsible for the whack a$$ production and music, then second most annoying, is Neyo's whining. Although Pitbull is culpable of being involved in a lot of bad (as in terrible) music lately, the final nails in the coffin is the generic/bland production/instrumentation/arrangements.
1,just not my type of rendition.  Thought her voice was a little weak, but maybe other things she's done is better.
1,I am only slightly aware of Justin Bieber's trajectory, but his recent comments on various social issues caught my attention. On several issues he seemed to have somewhat confused takes on things, leaving people to wonder what he meant. But on the matter of a woman being raped and then becoming pregnant which she then sought to terminate, he was unequivocal. Justin Bieber stated: "Everything happens for a reason." This was his way of explaining why he thought it was wrong for the woman to seek termination. Well, the bizarre theology which apparently this kid has been raised with is not the first issue. Even though it sounds more like pagan fatalism than any sort of Christianity. But that begs the question, which is closely related to the only point that really matters here: Are we now even beyond the idiot culture? Have we moved even a step further into the quicksand. Is our cultural vacancy now to be assumed  as pregnant with potential philosophy???  This can be shown phenomenologically by the fact that comparable stars of the past  like Leif Garret were not asked for their philosophical reflection. But now the modern equivalent, Justin Bieber, is. I think Justin Bieber should quit philosophizing  and reflect rather on practical maters like  whether he will be wearing a bandana on his head in future as faded star Leif Garret does now: Vanitas vanitatum!
1,500 miles, 500 miles, 500 miles. Didn't take a rocket scientist to write this song. I'm just happy I was not with her on the 500 mile journey. I think I would have been forced to stick my fingers in my ears so I could not hear her singing, otherwise she would have put me to sleep. Depressing song.
1,I don't -hate- Lady Gaga, but this song is just awful. I heard it in Las Vegas while looking at the CSI gift shop, and my reaction was wanting to puke. "light me up, put me on top, let's falalalalalalalala"?! What are you 13 years old.		Cherry cherry bomb bomb.
1,This song is boring, unenergetic, and as generic as you can get. Just overproduced crap made to cater to boring-a$$ FM radio easy-listening for doctor's offices format.
1,This is not the song that I wanted, so I can't write a good review for it.
1,I should have just downloaded the single "Roar" but I loved her other works and never thought that I would dislike every song but one.  Big waist of money.
1,love it but ordered twice
1,2nd vinyl ordered first one was horrible quality and skipped a ton, second time around...even worse and MORE skips...AWFUL PRODUCT BUYER BEWARE!!!!
1,When it has came down to Robin Thicke, musically he seems to have it all, as a singer and a father. But surprisingly, he had a song that really did not appeal in the he could've brought out from his past songs. He has done very well as a soft blue-eyed Soul crooner with songs like Magic and Lost Without U. Blurred Lines, Robin's latest song actually is not very good. It really seemed more like a attempt for him to get into the Youtube crowd of music lovers, but instead it felt more like a joke. I actually was not very impressed with the song, and it honestly was just as bad as the overexposure we've heard from people more interested in the Call Me Maybe and Psy music crowd. For Robin Thicke's next album, he has to have beter songs than this one was.		Song: D+
1,The actual song last only half of the recording time.  The other half is some statement or commercial which is nonsense.
1,This follow-up to the sublime Powerslave is rather weak. Part of the problem is the new sound they are using. The compositions themselves are obviously in the tradition of Iron Maiden but they come off sounding very flat compared to other Maiden discs. Sounds more like prog rock than straight heavy metal.	The best part of this disc is the superb lead guitar work by Dave Murray and Adrian Smith. They really play with a lot of feel. The solos are fast in the tradition of good metal but also melodic.	The worst part of the disc is Bruce's vocals and some of the lyrics. Bruce is trying to sound operatic on some of the songs and he is just not up to the task. Sometimes he sounds like a howling old lady.	Some of the lyrics take a stab at being deep but come across as just silly - Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner being the main culprit. Alexander the Great was an attempt at doing another Rime of the Ancient Mariner. The Rime, adapted from Samual Taylor Coleridge (sp?), is a piece of epic metal genius. Alexander the Great sounds like Bruce is reading the lyrics out of a high school text book on European History. Simply foolish.	To sum up, the approach here is obviously similar to Powerslave but the results do not even compare. Somewhere in Time is one of Maiden's weakest.
1,So ... when did you come of age with Iggy Pop?  Did your ears first meet Iggy in 1969 as I did, was it 1973, or was it in 1977, when a song about a passenger sent your fingers rushing to dial the radio station to see who was singing.		Ive lived nearly my whole life with Iggy, Ive lived nearly my whole life attempting to like his music, his theater, his character, and his vision.  Yet after all this time I still find Iggy Pop to be nothing more than a novelty, with a mere handful of songs that I enjoy.  So why in the world would I think that Post Pop Depression, especially claiming it as his swan song, complete with Queens of the Stone Age in tow, would be any more, or any different.		People would like to tell you that theres something raw and hedonistic about Iggy Pop, and for mere moments thats true ... but those moments come on fast and and are just as fleeting.  Here we are, stepping into the 21st century, and Iggy Pop is attempting to doing the same old shtick he did in the latter half of the 20th century, and doing it not nearly as well.  Post Pop Depression is not something I even care about, much less hold dear to my heart, praising the powers that be, thrilled and saddened in the same moment that Im holding a new Iggy Pop album in my hands, and knowing it will be the last.		Most music rags are afraid to tell you they don't like the album for whatever reason ... but Im not.  MOJO gave it page after page and talked only about the secret nature of the release and Iggys Rolls Royce.  Rolling Stone talked endlessly about the old Iggy and his emergence with the Stooges.  Iggy tells us that he likes the songs, and so do some of his friends; though he says it in a less than convincing manner.  Make no mistake about it, Post Pop Depression is not bad because its the music of an old man, its also not bad because of its association with Queens of the Stone Age ... its just bad because its a grouping of songs presented in a manner thats irrelevant.  If Iggy had one thing going for him, it was that he was a one trick pony and you always knew what you were gonna get.  But this, this is Iggy trying to be relevant, and failing utterly.  He might have well recorded with Primal Scream, they couldn't have helped him make it any worse.		The album has a feel of desperation laced with incomplete thoughts, structured to guide the listener nowhere.  This is not punk, this is not 21st century punk, this is frustrating musical purgatory that will not last for more than one or two playings ... truly post Pop depression.  Here we find Iggy Pop making the rounds with Josh Homme, each hoping to gain some credibility from the other, just as Iggy so transparently did with Lou Reed, David Bowie, and a host of others.  Theres no search and destroy here, theres also no psych punk Queens of the Stone Age ear splitting anthems, its all slightly affected nervous energy, injected with a spirit that belays the end of a roller coaster ride ... no hills, no downward plunges or sharp curves, just the jittery end of the ride stop and dis-embarkment.		Review by Jenell Kesler
1,These guys stink, just like any so called "punk" rock today. Don't buy this.
1,This version is quiet different from the original.  Not as good, in my opinion.  Wish I purchase the original.  I recommend that you pass on this version.
1,I did not purchase this someone else must of under my account
1,This seems to be a remix and not the original song, which was what I was trying to download.	That's why I gave it the low rank.
1,This album was recommended to me because I'm a fan of Zella Day and Meg Myers. I like their darker tones, the honesty in their lyrical content and just the overall depth of the music, and I was hoping and expecting much of the same from this. Musically, I have no complaints. It has a very good dark pop tone to it, great grooves, easy to get into. Vocally, again, sounds good, she has that dark tonal quality. My issue with the album is the lyrical content, it just seems hollow. The lyrics just seem very generic and not very personal at all. Many of the songs, including New Americana, and Strange Love, just have really generic and overdone meanings. Forget everyone, I'm better than them, I'm going to do what I want. Well high five, good for you.	Zella Day and Meg Myers actually feel like they are writing their music from experience. It's less about conveying a idea, and more about expressing their emotions through their past, and how they've learned to move on. They are songs people can listen to, and relate to, and apply to their own situations to hopefully find some healing in whatever difficulty they face. Halsey on the other hand neglects these things. While still "dark pop", the majority of songs are more about being the person you want to be and giving the finger to anyone who disagrees. This would be a fine sentiment, however, it has been so overused, and the message so abused that it is really just rendered repetitive and unoriginal.
1,This track wasn't worth the price paid: It was free!
1,There is an old-fashioned album advertisement for the band at the end of the song. It is very annoying.
1,It doesn't work, I bought it 2 or 3 times	This was a digital purchase
1,I want to state clearly that I am a REAL fan of Pink Floyd, mostly of their later works.  Not so much of all the atmospheric early work.  This is a throwback to that it seems.  And it does NOT WORK for me.	I listened to the CD, was unimpressed.  But looked forward to seeing the Blu-ray.  The good news is the sound of the recording on the Blu-ray, no video, is awesome, DTS-HD MA 5.1 96 kHz/24 bit, beautifully recorded BORING.	This Pig Don't Fly IMHO.	Sorry, I really wanted to like this.  Nice postcards though.
1,If you are a fan of those great early Partridge Family albums, then you owe it to yourself to get these, the 1993 Razor & Tie versions and not the recent re-masters of 2000 and 2003. Why? Razor & Tie did not tamper with the sound quality, as a result, Razor & Tie CD's sound like the records you remember. I made the mistake of buying the re-masters thinking they would sound even greater; NOT!
1,I don't understand why Adam wants to so over process that beautiful voice like all of the talentless hacks in the pop scene today.  He's a cut above in the vocal department - he doesn't need to do this.  I'm not a fan of his song selections and the direction he's gone in his career, with his focus on such a heavy pop sound instead of rock, where he shines, in my opinion.  But, I adore him and his fearlessness.  He's obviously doing what he loves and just because it doesn't resonate with me doesn't mean it's not worthwhile.  I just wish he'd do more ballads, songs with deeper lyrics and let us hear raw Adam in all its natural beauty.
1,Ok
1,ok
1,Used to love these guys. They went off the boil years ago and I had hoped they could recapture the magic. Not to be.		If you like Replacements inspired Rock played with an edge check out Broken Gold. You can get them for free on Soundcloud. noisetrade (dot) com/brokengold/meet-broken-gold I am in no way associated with this band just dig their music. While you're on Soundcloud also check out Altadore and Highchair Kings. Lots of good free stuff on that site.		As for The Goo Goos, I'll hold out hope that someday things will change for the better.
1,This is NOT a piece of music.		It is only used for tuning up an orchestra or instrument.		Unless you want to tune your musical instrument, DO NOT DOWNLOAD.		All this is is a single tone, DO NOT DOWNLOAD.
1,My title says it all. Do not waste your time. Spend your money on another song. That is all I have to say.
1,There is no doubt that Rihanna has really been suffering musically with lackluster songs and overexposure. Her music has taken a turn for the worse, and that overexposure is really gotten to her voice. Where Have You Been, the 3rd single from her lackluster record Talk That Talk, is really not at the par she could make in her voice. She feels very robotic, and not really in tune with trying to set herself apart from her past songs like Umbrella and Only Girl In The World. I really was not very impressed with the song, and I feel Rihanna has a lot more to prove in her voice, than repeating herself in beats. Honestly, she should take a break from singing, and find a different tune and then she will know where she has been.		Song: D-
1,When it has came down to the songs from Rihanna's latest album Unapologetic, they honestly are the absolute low points in her life and her career. When I heard she even went back to the man who abused her before the Grammys, Chris Brown dating again, I must honestly say she has made a absolute low in her life. That has also shown in her music as well. Pour It Up, the second single from her Unapologetic album is absolutely one of the most mediocre songs she has ever made. It really didn't drive her voice, instead it just was a attempt to drive into her vice. I really found this to be worse than mostly all of the ballads she had done, with the exception of Hate That I Love You. Her rifts seemed soft, but not striking here. In fact, it made more like the purr of a cat, than a growl from a tigress. She really needs a hard look at her voice, before she makes another poor song.		Song: D-
1,i did not buy this so not sure why i'm asked to rate it.. Can someone explain why i have to rate it as a purchase I made?
1,This is not music , its a cry for help.	Oh my gosh this is awful. not worth 1 star
1,And the video is just as bad. I mean Rihanna looks OK, but what's up with that blond wig?		I was expecting a great song since its rated so high up on iTunes and what not. But a good song I didn't get.		It wasn't even average. It was poor. I never wanna hear the song again as long as I live.		1.8 stars.		end note: completely forgettable.
1,I didn't order this
1,I was searching for some more christmas music to add to my collection each year I want somethjng to play other than our Chipmunks christmas and Soulful Christmas albums. So this works. Thanks for the free music, free is always good, so no complaints.
1,Not worth the price: this digital download was free!
1,Not the version I was looking for.
1,C---
1,For Ke$ha, she just hasn't been able to deliver solid music, yet let enough alone really show she is able to sing. For her latest single We R Who We R, the leading single from her album Cannibal, it really is just another waste upon the ears. I really wasn't very impressed with the song. It really was just absolutely awful. I think Ke$ha should really try and take her time for finding better material to call upon her own, than wasting her time to find another Tik Tok in her words. It really shows that she has absolutely not as much growth in her music. Hopefully, if she does try harder, she can come out with something that makes a bit more sense, just like her voice.		Song: D-
1,It was ok.
1,This is not the original Fallin' In Love we remember from Frank & Hamilton!		Do some research and bring back the recording done in the mid-70s!
1,Ugh!
1,ok
1,Sound quality very low !!but a great classic song !!
1,good club record that's all you wanna let loose in a club and party yes this all rthis song is good for but comparing it to marvin gaye's gopt to give it up is and was a far superior song you can't touch marvin's classic and erobin thicke might be a good singwer but he has no soujl he's not a soulsinger and you can't com,pare him to soul greats like marvin, al green, curtis mayfield, luther vandross, johnny taylor, tyrone davis and plenty others even teddy pendrergrass, smokey and stevie wonder.
1,it was okay; not my kind of song though.
1,Keyshia  Cole  vocally  has  gotten better and  that is saying something  because she is more of a  stylist than  a  actual pure singer.  problem with her is that it feels like a reality show character and  coming through her work, throughout her whole career and there is no  balance whatsoever.  the difference between her and Blige is  that Blige had better material and  balance. i don't hear any  creative growth with Cole's  music, however  vocally she has  gotten a little bit better, however a formula is established and she will be  around and probably like  Blige on a lighter scale, it will be the same ole song for years to come.
1,I had only heard excerpts from this song and downloaded it for my exercise program on my Walkman.  When I listened to it the first time I was appalled.  I quickly deleted both from my MP3 player and my library.  And this was the clean version?
1,Did not order, don't know why it is showing up on my account.
1,LIKED BLURRED LINES BETTER. Like him J.T.---lots of talent---funny guy--seen him on J.FALLON SHOW many times--loved it! Not a fan of JAY Z------MR. TALK A SONG.>>>HOW HE MADE MILLIONS IS BEYOND ME----PLUS HE'S AGLY---GETTO-ISH W/MILLIONS.  Him and his slutty wife---why does all these females have to sell a song with theIR privates hangin' out. Doin' the twerk--shakin' the booty thing---REALLY NOW!____????? REALLY And she> can sing--don't need to teach her kid how to act like she does---SLUTTY--BAD!
1,It's a catchy song at first, but the more you listen to it, the cheesier their style gets.
1,Bought it after seeing Gatsby and after listening to the song 3 times, it now is the most annoying song I have ever heard.
1,What I hate is that when you receive an email from amazon and you look at the songs they are already "checked" for purchase.  It is easy to accidentally buy the song that you do not want.  That is what happened to me.  By the way I listened to the song and hate it anyway.
1,Stolen song Sly & The Family Stone did&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Hot-Fun-in-the-Summertime-single-master/dp/B00137Z22A/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Hot Fun in the Summertime (single master)</a>&nbsp;this was a ripoff of that song
1,OK
1,same tired formula repeated from Baby One More Time (both crappy songs sound nearly identical)--seriously doubt she had anything to do with writing or producing this fecal excrement for the ears
1,Steve Howe's acoustic song is beautiful but out of context, in my opinion.		I am a big Yes fan  but....		I agree 100% with FatElvis, who says that 'most of the performances are uninspired and lacking conviction'.  Indeed there are great moments here and there, some great passages and riffs but not much critical mass. Just a few good songs, i must sadly admit.		I also agree that the solos of a keyboard wizard are missing. Isn't Yes about 'Kick ass' burning keyboard solos?		Howe plays beautifully, but the songs are indeed kind of hollow and too simple for my taste after knowing what Yes can do musically.... You will freakin see what i am talking about.  It sounds a bit like Drama, but is nowhere near that great album.		This record lacks Deepness as a unit, the Yes deepness which has been lost for quite a while.
1,This track wasn't worth the price paid: It was free!
1,I wish i could tell you that it went through ok, but it did not. I have no music and was very upset that i don't.
1,I used to drive a school bus and download songs the kids like. Unfortunately, this was one of them. Now that those days are over I'm going to hit the DELETE button!
1,Not the ORIGINAL CUT, SO DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS.
1,I like the Lumineers, but I am not a big fan of this song. The vocals do not mesh well together, and although some might say that it is charming, I find it discombobulating. Still, I can listen to it if it were playing on the radio without turning it off.
1,HATE IT
1,the music sucks only got it because it was free
1,I'm sorry for anyone who finds this song even exists in my music library. I do confess it was bought by me, however, it was due to the request of a family member. He wanted it played at my dad's memorial service. Thank God the disc player wouldn't accept it because once I heard it, I almost died myself. Sorry country fans. I'm just a good ole rock n roll girl at heart.
1,Excluding the Gary Cherone misstep,  I equally love both incarnations of VH.  But, this is horrible. The VH3 sound in good form, but DLR really ruins it with his God-awful pathetic singing.  He owes everyone who's already bought this a refund.  I played it once, and then tried a second time, only because I couldn't believe it was so bad the first time.  It was on and off the iPod in less than 24 hours. Now sitting on the shelf collecting dust.
1,I remember this song be a lot better then it actually is. Maybe because I was pretty young when it came out.
1,How many times this sissy wanna be G. is going  to rap about shooting and f... his alcoholic mother and ho girlfriends and police officers and his doctors and glorify violence and drug use. Sounds like a regurgitating Castrated goat.
1,This is not really my kind of music. It was not purchased ..It was a free download.  Thanks for the free music though.
1,Nice song
1,If I was having myself a bowel movement at a b-bq joint in Anytown, USA and this came on mid movement, i'd committ Hari Kari. it's that terrible. this makes Shania Twain sound like Mozart.
1,Purchased by an ex-friend who figured out how to hack my account 4+ years ago.
1,Look, as a member of the LGBT community, I appreciate the message and sentiment behind Same Love. But real talk - that was one of the most bland civil rights anthems I've ever heard. And now vocalist Mary Lambert is trying to venture solo with a redux of that dud?		Sorry honey, but if you really wanna make it in the cutthroat pop world, you gotta make yourself stand out. You don't wanna be known as "that chick was sang the chorus of Same Love" and this debut single ain't helping matters. Good voice, boring song.
1,Sho Baraka is known for making his listeners think, and he takes everything a step farther by directly challenging the faith in a way that even the artists from Reach Records won't do. Thats big. Talented Tenth is a reference to the essay W.E.B. Dubois wrote during his rivalry with Booker T. Washington over issues regarding the education of African-Americans. Dubois argued that there were unfound talents among the black race, and they should be harvested upon to show America how the black race can be educated to great extent. Therefore, we have a concept album on our hands, and those are the most exciting ones to review, if not the most tricky. Sho uses some objectionable language in the album, and I'll be the first to admit that despite my faith, I catch myself spilling some curse words too. Therefore, I was not offended, just surprised. And it definitely accomplished its goal of making me think, albeit not quite the way he likely intended.		Sho's lyrics are thoughtful, and he is possibly the deepest rapper in CCR besides Lecrae. However, my beef with the album is the quality of the music, not the message. Sho is pretty limited in his flow, and his rapping mixed with some great beats only results in a solid album, at best. Peter Pan is a good track, and the controversial song, Jim Crow, is a real thought-provoker. I personally didn't like it.		The song was well-produced, and there were some phenomenal lines on it, but while Sho succeeds in elaborating on the present day racism he has seen, the song fails in a bigger way. By talking solely about racism with African-Americans, he alienates other races, some of which have to deal with worse racism at this point in time. Many of them are not in the States. The song also comes off as whiney, and it reminds me of a lot of people in my high school. Black racism is scowled upon, yet both black people, and whte people seem to think it more acceptable to pile onto the Mexicans, or Asians. I kind of wish Baraka could have used his great talents to make a bolder track about racism in general, calling out all sorts of people. Something like Bizzle would do. Instead, he drops somewhat cliche lines about Hollywood using the black people to get white people rich, and stuff like that. Overall, the song is pretty good, but in so many ways, I hated it.		Unfortunately, I found myself skipping songs because no matter how hard-hitting the message, I sometimes (maybe even a lot) got bored, and occasionally even kind of angry.
1,Alice was far too lost by this point to make a comeback record, and it shows. Aside from "We Are The Future," there really isn't a decent song here. Since you can get "Future" on the Box Set, you can take a pass on this one.
1,Not a bad song. This isn't as "new" as everyone thinks. It's been out for while. I believe it came out a year or two ago.
1,I waited decades for this amazing album by Bonnie Pointer to be released on CD. It is such a highly unique album. The diversity of material and styles , combined with the level of original songs and musicianship make this one of the most stunning albums by a female artist. Side 1 with 2 original funk songs and 2 updates of lesser known Motown hits made a perfect side of an album when I bought it back on vinyl in 1979. The real big surprise was Side 2 with Bonnie singing 4 new original songs with acoustic guitars, layered vocals and a variety of instruments, like  California soul. Nobody else sounded like this. And all ending in the majestic " MY EVERYTHING " with beautiful orchestration. But I got a major shock, and am hugely disappointed. This reissue on CD does NOT have the original version of " AH SHOOT ", but instead an alternate take! Unbelievable, but disappointingly true! Did someone not know that this was a totally different alternate version? The original is nowhere to be found. Instead we get this inferior version that was never released. If anyone knows this album, " AH SHOOT " is one of the funkiest songs ever recorded, with Eddie Hazel on guitar and Ollie Brown on drums, plus funky as Sly and James Brown horns and hammond organ, and Bonnie singing these stellar funk lyrics. Big Break Records could be re-named Big Blunder Records for this mistake. Where is the original version of this major funk opus??? I still have to play my original vinyl album to hear " AH SHOOT " the way it was released. What is the reason for this fiasco and why isn't the original on this release? Did anyone even know that this was an outtake? Big Break made a major screw-up with this mistake. I'd give the original album a 5 star rating, but because of this Big Break Blunder, their reissue screw-up deserves 1 star. Have someone who knows the original album listen to it before you make it on CD.
1,like the music but the lyrics are Satanic and I'm a Christian
1,So do we really need to hear this? I guess if you are an Al Kooper fan, there is some merit, although, the Kooper kuts here were done better and more dramatically with BS&T. Bloomfield never impressed me much, so he has that NY Long Island playing style that worked in the Catskills, but came off as less than convincing outside that circuit. Stills? Please. What was the first side of this record was made stronger by virtue of the fact that Stills turned in a workmanlike effort. Sure, played hard, not much to show for it. I do suspect that this effort was the nascent arrival of an insufferable ego that would only undermine him as time wore on.	Give credit to the remastering crew, though. You can hear pristinely how overwrought every note on this disc is. The 2002 remixes are a waste on top of something as thoroughly unnecessary as anything I've ever heard. Caveat emptor (that's let the buyer beware for all of you from LI).
1,Can't put in my Galaxy S6 library. Can only hear on cloud. Amazon can't help!
1,Why does this fool expect anyone to be loyal to him? His track record pretty much invalidates any right to such presumptive claims. Seriously though, talk about a double standard...women who aren't loyal to him are called "ho's"; yet I'm sure he's done his fair share of sleeping around. Or has he forgotten about his longtime GF karreuche tran? LOL
1,Those guys should just do eagles covers and just call it a day.	The Ataris will not be missed. Pipebomb !
1,I agree with the previous post. These three mixes should have been available on the cd version. The Offer Nissim remix is by far the best one available from all the versions out there. It is a proper extended dance mix much in the vein of It's a Sin or Can You Forgive Her - the glory days when all mixes appeared either in vinyl or then cd /cassette forms.	A Cloud in a Box is a good b-side track with a techno dub feel a la 80s flavour. Say It To Me Stuart Price version is nearly identical to the album version but has been slowed down so it feels like an acoustic version even though all the instrumentation is there. It is the second-best version of all the remixes.
1,There are a lot of versions of this song out there. This is not the right one to download. It's taken from a compilation album and starts and ends ubruptly because it was very sloply hacked from the original album.
1,I won't go as far as to give her one star, but this is a terrible album. I only love Hopeless Romantic and Just a Friend to You. Thank You went downhill, but I feel like she has what it takes to come up with a beautiful album like Title. I can't recommend Thank You to anyone. It's not good for the most part. She can do better!
1,One good song the rest were ... not.
1,this is a hard habit to break,bad song,terrible
1,Download failed and I did not receive the product. I will be happy to review the performances once Amazon fixes the problem.
1,This song stinks the malodorous reek of a wet fart
1,the music sucks only got it because it was free
1,I just needed it for a gig!
1,I do not like this song. It is okay but I do not like the picture on the front and I would not buy the song.
1,Thought it was just Katy Perry with a little bit of Juice, but that's not the case it's almost more of him than her. Not what I was looking for and the preview isn't long enough to be able to tell that.
1,If I wanted all of these songs,I would have just bought all of his albums. Which I already own. But even if I didin't,I would still buy them over this collection. Just like George Strait,Alan Jackson needs to release a CD...or maybe CD set,of a handful of outtakes that he has in his vault. Just imagine all the great songs that he has recorded throughout the years,that never made their way on any of his albums. I don't know about you...but I would LOVE to hear 'em. Garth Brooks did this with his "Lost Sessions" album,and it was awesome. Although,I thought there should have been more outtakes on that collection. Well,now it's time for country artists like Alan Jackson and George Strait to show us what kind of unreleased material that they've got stashed away. As a TRUE fan of country music and of Alan Jackson...that would make my day a whole lot brighter :-)
1,downloaded for a friend... not my thing
1,Good dancing music.
1,When it has came down to Miley Cyrus, she doesn't even seem to ignite with pop music. Now, she is wasted her voice and ruined her heart in her songs. Wrecking Ball from her upcoming album Bangerz is definitely a wasted record. Fr her to team up with Mike Will Made It on the song 23, she does not even ignite into the song. In fact, she is someone that whimps out her voice and rap into the drive. I definitely could see if he wanted to hire someone more famous into the song like Britney Spears or Beyonce' Knowles. But having Miley into the song, actually turns the song into a waste of time. I really do not recommend downloading this song, not only because it is cheap. It sometimes shows that the right person can also make a song come alive. This 23 is definitely a bust.		Song: D
1,Has a nice beat and is easy to dance to. I give it a rating based upon my tastes. Your mileage may differ!
1,There was only one decent song on the "Greatest Hits" Maybe I'm not a "Earth Wind & Fire" fan
1,oh the Guest Album's how they have changed the Game? Quincy Jones did this Concept for many a Moon but it was Carlos Santana that has gotten all the Juice from it in Big term sales.so Willie Nelson is next in line for the Big Cash Out.but like with Santana the Best Material here just as there to me was when the Artist themselves were showcased.overall you don't get the guest adding anything to the mix instead just a cool Pressence&very Little overall Substance to me. Willie Nelson has created some Great Stuff but this Set is basically going thru the Motions for a Album as to adding any depth to it.
1,Was not very clean. Not even by radio edit standards. Most fetty songs cannot clean up. Too many "f" and "n" words.
1,There's no denying that "Nevermind" remains an essentIal, important album by Nirvana.		This latest CD master isn't the one to buy.		It sounds horrible--a loud, compressed, distorted mess.		I'm not clear who approved this master but I would avoid it. Pick up the earlier CD  version or find a decent vinyl copy but don't buy this as it is shoddy.		Nirvana deserve better.
1,Love the old traditional Christmas carols!  This one wasn't as good as I was hoping for.  I do enjoy the band, but thought they could have done better.
1,I like Adam, but seriously, he is just screaming throughout the entire song.  I know it's not a good song, or a song that is in the style that he likes, but he could have tried harder to give the song some feeling, and the sense of an actual melody.  I know he's a rocker, but rocker doesn't mean that you don't have to actually try to sing and sell a song.
1,hearing this song is like the final few seconds before a huge diarreah attack. except it creates same effect on the ears. good looking girl though...
1,I only listened to the samples for this album but I can tell you right now it's crap. I saw Dylan a couple months ago in Denver and he was actually quite good - except when he played one of the songs off this album at the end. The place was astonishingly quiet. I knew then - when he announced that he was putting this album out - that it was a bad idea. The actual release of the album hasn't changed my opinion. I love Bob but this is garbage. Look at all the 1-star reviews - that should tell you something.		If you want to enjoy "Autumn Leaves" then listen to the instrumental version done by Miles Davis and Cannonball Adderley back in the '50s. It's brilliant. Dylan's version reminds me of being at some weird funeral.
1,I can't review this. I can't stand opera. Only listened long enough to identify it as opera then deleted. When the description said "crooner," I envisioned the style fo Frank Sinatra or Dean Martin. Not Opera!! Deleted it quickly.
1,did not play on my kindle
1,I bought this only because amazon was selling it for $1.99.  I played it once in its entirety and now I forget I even have this album...Yup, its forgettable.
1,When a new artist comes out with a song, she has to really drive into her first song. For Sevyn Streeter who sung back on Chris Brown's big hit She Ain't You, which worked very well for him, she has to have a song make it on her own and work brilliantly. Her debut single, It Won't Stop from her first record Call Me Crazy, But.. isn't actually a strong song from her voice alone. I really found it more drowned out from her, because Chris Brown's voice overpowers the song so much, that it feels more like her sonnets are robotic and not as strong. Does the strong work, well it would work more from her if she was going to bring more from her voice and heart. She might sound sensual in the beat, but Sevyn doesn't at all. Hopefully, with her net set of songs there will be better from her to match and beyond, than she could say It Won't Stop.		Song: D+
1,Ok, this smells like "Desperate Measures" but taken literally.  Most bands will NOT make a live album or DVD after ONE release.  Not saying HU made a terrible choice, but it sounds like Swan Songs didn't go as far as they wanted it to.  I absolutely love HU, but this was not a smooth choice.  Linkin Park and Mudvayne made the same mistake but luckily they redeemed themselves.  HU just seemed desperate for money with this release.
1,ok i like every kind of music but come on 50 cent cd is only worth 50 cent may i say anymore will not cuz this cd really sucks its so stupid theres only 1 good song in that song ''in da club '' sucks big time plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz don't buy this cd ant worth the money
1,I didn't order this, no clue how it shows up on my "write a review".
1,There is no question that when it has came down to female singers, they have had a lackluster drive in having really good songs. Jazmine Sullivan has been one of those singers who has honestly been unappreciated and overlooked with having great songs and honestly her music has shown some highs that brought out the best in her voice. But honestly, she also has had some songs that just really have been a miss in her work from the heart. Her lead single from her album Reality Show, Dumb, isn't actually one of her better songs.  I really think the song isn't actually one of her good songs, but the video of puppets and humans having affairs and make-outs is honestly one of the creepiest videos I had ever seen. I really hope Jazmine Sullivan has good music with Reality Show coming out, but this song is honestly a must have for your music library.		Song: D
1,ordered n error
1,i usually like Rita Ora , But this song , JUST IS NOT A GOOD ONE !! i wish i didn't waiste my money on this song .
1,Why were they so many late fifties early sixties covers during this period? And how come these lackluster cover versions charted so high? This cover of an early sixties tune reeks of "I am so coked out that I can't think of anything original to record" Syndrome- alot of artists suffered from this in the late seventies, with the advent of cocaine as the drug of choice. Coke hampers creativity, but , i guess a lot of these Laurel Canyon artists bought the hype peddled by Jann Wenner in his music rag, Rolling Stone, which by this time had become more mainstream. Jackson Browne has written some great songs (These Days comes to mind) but this Stay cover, with it's overtly "white cracker" falsetto by some female singer, is a disgrace! This God-forsaken cover gets played more frequently than any of the better JB songs out there...blame it on the lame-arsed playlists on these "classic rock" format stations out there these days, boy do they suck huevos!
1,There is no question that Jennifer Lopez has had a lot of highs and lows with her career and her personal life. With her personally though, her love life has been destroyed again with her breakup with Marc Anthony, but her work on American Idol has been supreme with a new decade of fans. Musically though, it has been a lackluster thrive in her songs. Papi, the third single from her lackluster Love? album. I really felt that the song was more like a throwback to the rhythms of her 2000 J. Lo  record, and not really as strong as she could've brought it out to be. I think she needs to find better from her own voice, and hopefully come back singing with something absolutely amazing.		Song: D
1,But after awhile her whining just gets on your nerves. I bought it listened to it for a week or two and then deleted it out of my library and I'm happier without this song.
1,There is no question that Ed Sheeran really has let his sound go in his songs. While he has been more influenced by rap and hip hop acts like Jay-Z and others, it really hasn't brought out better in his music. In fact, it feels more like it has wasted his heart in his music. I was not a fan of Sing when it came out earlier this year, but his latest song Don't definitely is the pits. It is one of his worst songs that he has brought out. The second single from his X record is definitely one of those songs that can drive a artists down when they be experimental on a sophmore record. While Sing was fair, Don't doesn't deliver. He needs to find better in his work. I think if he is going make better in his craft, he should consider going back to songs like Lego House and The A Team. While his main influence has been in rap and hip hop, it really has dragged down his work.		Song: D+
1,Bought this for a work function, not for me. I am sorry that I could not give a more in-depth review.
1,This song is in the top five stupidest, tasteless, poorly written, poorly sang, autotuned, pieces of obvious garbage I have ever heard.  This is whats wrong with music.  This isn't music is a shat out product for dumb people.
1,I'm not feeling all the GDs, so its not my favorite
1,I ordered it for a FRIEND who wanted it.  I don't like AnyThing AnThony HaMilton has made!! NO THANK YOU!
1,This is not music , its a cry for help.	Oh my gosh this is awful. not worth 1 star
1,ok
1,Not worth the purchase.
1,This song is decent, but not good enough for my iPod. In my opinion it sounds like any other song on the radio. Bruno Mars has a good voice but this song doesn't impress me that much.
1,i don't listen to music at all. i rather be in a quiet room than listen to music at all.
1,This is one of my favorite songs, but the sound quality is HORRIBLE!!!  Save your money & buy this song from another source.
1,Another generic-ass mainstream turd by tha not so dynamic duo of Jlo & S***bull. Anotha song bout dancin in da club and just livin 4 2nite. I'd rather go pick the peanuts out of my dog's doo doo than listen to this.
1,I really don't want to be "that fan" when reviewing this.  I respect the rights of an artist to evolve their craft, to experiment and try new things, and in general do what they want with their works.  And I don't want to be one of those fans who whines and gripes whenever an artist decides to try out a new genre or a new style.  A fan shouldn't dictate what an artist does, and it annoys me when fans of a work start complaining "he changed it, it sucks!" or "it's popular, now it sucks!" or "<insert name here> has sold out and gone commercial!"  I have long tried to avoid falling into that trap with my favorite writers, filmmakers, musicians, and the like.		However... I have to confess that I find myself falling into those complaints here.  I love Owl City so much... but this latest album is a letdown, and yes, I will say that Adam Young's decision to shift his music style to be more in line with today's popular music is the main cause.		"Mobile Orchestra" is something of a departure from Adam Young's usual style.  Instead of the dreamy electronic tunes with eccentric but charming lyrics I've come to love, this album has much more straightforward lyrics and more of a generic pop sound.  There's much more emphasis on percussion, and on using the synthesizer to create heavy, strong sounds instead of the whimsical and light sounds of his earlier albums.  And while Young is still the primary vocalist on about half the songs, the other half feature guest singers, including Aloe Blacc, Sarah Russell, Jake Owen, Britt Nichole, and boy band Hanson.		Call me an old-school Owl City fan, but I loved Owl City's original sound -- it was unique and delightful, standing out from much of the more generic-sounding popular music.  And I find myself disappointed that Adam Young has altered his signature sound to match up to what's popular.  In a world where a lot of music sounds the same, it was nice to find a band and singer that stood out from the crowd yet didn't sound harsh or ugly, and Owl City fit the bill.  Now Owl City sounds virtually indistinguishable from countless other musical acts, and it saddens me.		That's not to say the entire album is for naught.  "Verge" is a fun and peppy song, and "Unbelievable" is one of the stronger songs on the album -- partly because its lyrics are a return to Owl City's original sense of surreal whimsy instead of blandly straightforward.  And as a Christian, I did enjoy the two Christian-oriented tracks on this album -- "My Everything" and "You Are Not Alone."  Though Owl City isn't entirely a "Christian rock" musician, it's good to find a singer who isn't afraid to proclaim his faith through his music.		Most of the rest of the songs are fairly weak, however, and largely unmemorable next to his earlier hits such as "Vanilla Twilight," "Alligator Sky," "Dreams Don't Turn to Dust," and his most popular single "Fireflies."  It doesn't help that there are a lot of collaborations on this album, and as Adam Young's voice is soft and dreamy in nature, he tends to be overpowered by whoever he's singing a duet with.  And while the guest singers sound nice enough... I came here to hear Owl City, not a singer I've never even heard of until now.		I love Owl City, but this album was disappointing.  I'd recommend that fans of Owl City stick with his older albums "Ocean Eyes" and "All Things Bright and Beautiful."  ("Midsummer Station" is lovely enough but shows some ominous signs of things to come...)  As for individual numbers on this album, I'd stick with downloading "Verge" and "Unbelievable."
1,Excellent concept. Horrible singer. He was strafing at the top of his range entire song.
1,Well! Not what I thought.
1,song is OK, not really my style i guess.  I didn't enjoy it but if this type of music is your thing, than go ahead.
1,I really wanted to like this album.  High hopes were dashed quickly.  I think LP are past their prime.  Didn't really care for any of the new songs.  I guess I'm in the minority though, as most seem to like it pretty well.  Maybe it will grow on me.
1,i heard better singing from a one year old with a sore throat and throwing up . . . .
1,This is a stressful world  and the amount of work one has to complete each day is enormous. It is such a pleasure when  I come home, to switch on the computer and lean back listening to "Love Song Classics." Within a few minutes, I have forgotten the problems and  floating in the melodious sounds of these classic pieces. Of cause listening to classical pieces is my passion, is my delight and is my mental medicine, I do  wish others could crave for this gift. If it is not your gift, then seek for it; crave for it; desire for it--I assure you that it will  be yours eventually.
1,Keyshia Cole has one of the best voices in R&B today. Unfortunately, the subject matter on this album is limited to juvenile love-drama, mainly orchestrated around break-ups, cheating, and circumspect relationships. Lyrically, she comes across far younger than her 31 years, relying far too much on slang and occasional vulgarity. It's hard to get past the first song, "Enough of No Love" where featured guest Lil' Wayne raps tastelessly with over-the-top curse words. I experienced a difficult time listening to the album once, with no interest in listening to it again. Hopefully, she will present a mature album her next time around.
1,I think i'd rather have some homeless bum defecate on my face if faced with the alternative of sitting in a padded room listening to this song in an endless loop. people apparently are exposed to this torture in department stores across America, where Baby is played frequently to the desensitized shoppers.
1,Synth beats, smoking weed, beetches, sampling. I was hoping to find something new and intriguing but I found the same old same old. Not trying to hate, but I was disappointed. Dude can flow, but the message is the same.
1,I'm sorry, but I cannot extend any tolerance towards a blatantly ripped off song. This song's verses sound EXACTLY like that Dobie Gray song "Drift Away". I don't ever want to hear this song in a store, or anywhere, ever again. I don't like writing negative reviews on this website anymore, but I'm sorry, this song is garbage, and I need to say something about it. It is one of those pieces of music that is every negative term I can think of. It's unoriginal, generic, and has a lackadaisical reason for existing. I like this style of music, but this is a song that infuriates me because it is so terrible.
1,Hate this song regret purchasing it.
1,This isn't a terrible album, but when you look at the work of Max's work with Sepultura, this just doesn't really hit a nerve. There are some very good tracks here, but some of the tracks are just plain awful, and Bleed would have been so much better without Fred Durst (hey I don't hate Limp Biskit, I do like a handful of songs, but Fred just doesn't belong with Soulfly) but there things do get better for Soulfly as their music gets better as the albums go on...
1,Nice song
1,I didn't order this
1,"Drunken Hearts" by Wallpaper sounds like a bunch of songs you've heard before and sort of like, but don't really love.  There is the whoa-hoa filled, sing-along chorus and the relentlessly upbeat rhythm that has a horn punctuate the sound from time-to-time.  Kind of catchy, but not memorable.
1,It is not very bad or anything like that. Certainly there are real instruments (and it is not some computerized modern piece) yet maybe too melancholic? or not sure but decided I won't get back to it anyway, so removed it.
1,When it has came down to Lady Gaga and the songs that she has delivered for her Artpop record, they actually have not been as strong and striking as they were when she first did The Fame and Born This Way. In fact the songs Applause and Do What U Want with R. Kelly were not even striking the surface of the voice that had made her a female icon. She definitely needs to find better for her fans, and for her own self in voice. Her latest single, G.U.Y., the third single from Artpop really doesn't ignite or light up a fire the way her other songs had done before in her little monsters' hearts. I really didn't find the song to catch a fire the way people felt with Katy Perry's Roar and the songs that Beyonce' had shown like Drunk In Love. Those songs are also terrible, but those hard core fans wanted it badly, here you don't want this song. Lady Gaga doesn't even now the G.U.Y.		Song: D
1,I'll be honest, I was never a big fan of BB but my older brother was and I liked a few of their songs off past albums. I was curious to see what they came up with after being gone for around 6 years. Unfortunately this album has nothing interesting to offer. It's just cliched predictable radio rock with no heart or edge to it. I swear the chorus of the song "failure" felt like a Kelly Clarkson song. I feel like BB really could've come back with some urgency and bite to them but it's just the same stuff they've always done. They pretend to be heavy, they pretend to write interesting hooks without actually doing so. If someone wants to hear some good accessible hard rock/alt. metal then try Chevelle, Sevendust, or Helmet. All of those bands are heavier and simply write more interesting and creative material.
1,After about 1/2 hour in to this spectacle I began to wonder about the new drummer,  Mike M. and if he feels that he might suffer from 'Newsted ' syndrome;  meaning that as soon as he joins the band of his dreams he gets a decent album to show his talents at first but then the band starts to move in a different direction then what he might have hoped.	This double album has none of the classic DT features: endless sweeping guitar solos,  unfathomable drum playing, and song length of epic proportions.	Most is mid paced music with an occasional heavy song or guitar solo. Otherwise it's Labrie taking center stage and I don't really think so much mediocre lyrics and solo type of singing will appease the die hard fan.	I've listened to this a few times and to me it just sounds like an attempt that didn't quite work or hold any interest.	Not much memorable in this one.
1,Trina as ran the last course of her career and this album made me not listen to anymore of the past to now present Trina music. Just like Lil'Kim, Foxy Brown, Remy Ma, Nicki Trashji, Khia, Jacki-O, and all those played out wack rappers the music doesn't last for long.
1,Not my thing... downloaded for a friend
1,This track wasn't worth the price paid: It was free!
1,ex husband hacked into account and ordered them. No idea how it is working.
1,If you like little men in bow ties who sing pop songs in falsetto, then you might like this.
1,Don't know because I didn't order this. Will investigate with Amazon.
1,such a waste. foreigner never had a chance after Agent P. Success and internal strife pulled the teeth out of these hard rockers. A healthy Lou G and a humbled Mick J should make one last old school hard rock album... even an EP to make up for this travesty and go out with a bang....
1,"My best friend gave me the best advice	He said each day's a gift and not a given right	Leave no stone unturned, leave your fears behind	And try to take the path less traveled by	That first step you take is the longest stride"		"Against the grain should be a way of life	What's worth the prize is always worth the fight	Every second counts 'cause there's no second try	So live like you'll never live it twice	Don't take the free ride in your own life"		Wow, Nickeltrash. Think you've forced enough cliches in there? Hell, this song even made it into MSN's list of "Worst song lyrics ever" (although personally I think Photograph has worse but not by much).
1,Hey I got a song for ya Randy. Maybe this one will hit home with ya,since you like to judge everybody with your song thats on this album...."If you walk into a store drunk and naked,then demand cigarettes from the cashier,you ain't right. If you get into a fight with your girlfriend's ex boyfriend in a church parking lot,and he kicks your ass...you ain't right. Then you look like a dork with a black eye and cuts all over your face in your mugshot...you ain't right. If you are found drunk and in your birthday suit,then the cops come to arrest you,and you threaten their lives...you ain't right."  Overall,if you're a hypocrite like Randy Travis,who likes to preach to people in your music,then you go out and do the things you say are wrong....you ain't right.
1,I gave this download only one star because, even though it did download into iTunes on my p.c., I could not get it to sync into my mp3 player as I did with two other songs I purchased from Amazon.com:  'I Can Only Imagine' by MercyMe, and 'All of Creation', also by MercyMe.  If your tech support team can help me with this, I would greatly appreciate it.
1,My bad I guess but when I ordered this song from Amazon either I didn't read the info correctly or mistook it as the live version that Jackson Browne did with "Stay" as part of the medley. So, if  you're looking for that live cut this ain't it. Otherwise the song is part of one of Browne's best albums.
1,Must really like Chopin to get this.  So much music!  I finally deleted it from my kindle.
1,Purchased by an ex-friend who figured out how to hack my account 4+ years ago.
1,Just awful, waste of $$. Skip it.
1,This cd is terrible from start to finish, this just shows you that rap music is in a bad place right now.
1,Did not like this album.
1,Played the original theme song more times than I can count.		The original was about how people in fear have the Ghostbusters to call.  How when in danger they have heroes to turn to.  The original inspired and entertained.  The music energized fans everywhere, and the Ray Parker Jr.'s voice was powerful.		This music sucked, and the verses were distort versions of the original.  It wasn't even a single singer doing it.  They had one singer doing the main bit, and then a separate rap singer for some.  And it didn't even seem like singing at many points - just fanatically chanting "I'm not Afraid"
1,never received it!! had previous review for other songs but only noticed 17 at that time. now I see all these. just copy and paste the other review for everything cuz same comments apply :-(-		had forgotten I even ordered this until I started writing reviews for other purchases!! ugghhhh!!!  other songs this same comment. damn! since I don't remember them I most likely don't have a copy of the original order, where it was supposed to come from and too late to get the item or be refunded!! ugghhhh!!!		close to $100 worth of music never received!!
1,The beat is choppy over typical 80's rythym.  You get the feeling of a James Bond film.  I think I did hear it @ the beginning of a James Bond film.	  I always thought Duran Duran  was from England.
1,usually love christmas music. Wasn't really into this one.
1,. . .and it was called "La Isla Bonita" by Madonna and "Don't Turn Around" by Ace of Base. I have both songs on MP3 as well as "Alejandro." So I guess this is the new thing now: combine 2 or more songs from back in the day, add your own insipid lyrics to it, and -Wala!- a "new" "original" hit song! Why would I pay any money for that? What a rip off!
1,Not interesting.
1,It gets annoying quickly. Granddaughter gets bored with it. I think it's the voice that's annoying. I still have it on kindle, we just don't play it as often anymore.
1,This track wasn't worth the price paid: It was free!
1,Liam not surprisingly is not living up to his debut, few do.  Perhaps one can consider this of historical interest, not too interesting.
1,didnt use it
1,This crappy song isn't even worthy of getting played in those dumb a$$ Target commercial that try to be hip by playing some mainstream hipster tunes
1,This is one of those "let's all get up and dance, because he's telling us what to do" type songs like The Electric Slide or Cotton-Eyed Joe. It's annoying and stupid but everyone wants to get up and dance to it. It's a gateway song. So I have to appreciate it for that, but otherwise it's absolutely terrible.
1,I do not like this singer
1,i didn't purchase this
1,Has a nice beat and is easy to dance to. I give it a rating based upon my tastes. Your mileage may differ!
1,song
1,Didn't like this
1,I know why they were in the vault.
1,Kajagoogoo's lead singer Limahl scored his lone top 40 hit with the theme song to the forgettable film "The NeverEnding Story".  The song, like the film, is equally forgettable.  Set over a swirling Giorgio Moroder synth beat, Limahl and Beth Anderson trade lines about fantasy, reaching for the stars and rainbows.  The song is trying to convey a soaring,fantasy world and just comes across as overwrought and bland.  The song peaked at number 17 in mid 1985 and luckily for Limahl most people only associate him with "Too Shy".
1,Totally misses the mark.
1,Don't like it at all
1,i didn't purchase this
1,i don't listen to music because music sucks and i don't like it. music doent appeal to me at all
1,Crazy music
1,there is no need to listen to music at all. it is pure garbage nowadays and there is no ne
1,Easy to use no mus no fuss. I would recommend this product to anyone. A great value for the money.
1,ex husband hacked into account and ordered them. No idea how it is working.
1,Free download..  kinda blah, but can't resist free...  lol
1,This was free and I didn't even download it. I'm not a big fan of the harpsichord and this is not my style.
1,I love this song, but I never got it. I wish that I had.
1,I was disappointed.  My Sweetheart is from Michigan and a huge Kid Rock fan.  The version of "Cowboy" I bought said "explicit" but had "radio edit" right in the middle of it.  I put it on her Playlist, but both of us went "WHAT?" as the song played.	Don't buy this for a devout Kid Rock fan.
1,Need to say Stevie Wonder is wonderful however there is talking at the end of the product.  It just randomly bleeds over the music.  Someone needs to review this version and correct it.
1,I have been loyal to Trent Reznor and his NIN projects, but this is by far a big dissapointment.  Thank goodness it was reasonably priced. I just don't find this groundbreaking at all. More canned music.  If your strapped for cash, skip this album.  Get a good one like the downward spital, or broken
1,I downloaded the CD and still haven't been able to listen to the whole CD so I deleted it from my Library
1,Sony Music shortchanges Lauper by only giving her one disc (and 14 tracks only!!!!) She deserves much better, and this is what it should look like:		Disc One:		1. Money Changes Everything		2. Girls Just Want To Have Fun		3. When You Were Mine		4. Time After Time		5. She Bop		6. All Through The Night		7. Witness		8. The Goonies 'R' Good Enough		9. Change Of Heart		10. Boy Blue		11. True Colors		12. What's Going On		13. Iko Iko		14. The Faraway Nearby		15. Hole In My Heart (All The Way To China)		16. I Drove All Night		17. Like A Cat		18. A Night To Remember		19. I Don't Want To Be Your Friend		Disc Two:		1. That's What I Think		2. Who Let In The Rain		3. Sally's Pigeons		4. A Part Hate		5. Hat Full Of Stars		6. Come On Home		7. Sisters Of Avalon		8. Ballad Of Cleo + Joe		9. You Don't Know		10. Fearless		11. Brimstone And Fire		12. Shine		13. Madonna Whore		14. This Kind Of Love		15. Waters Edge		16. I Miss My Baby		17. Stay		18. Makin' Whoopee (Duet With Tony Bennett)		19. You've Really Got A Hold On Me		They took 6 tracks from her debut, then they strangely take two from her second album, one from her third, two from her fourth, two from her fifth and none from her sixth! What?!! Sure it's nice to have Goonies, but no Hole In My Heart???!! Don't buy this, make your own compilation or wait until they get it right.
1,Gift
1,I was supposed to get 50 pieces of music but only got 2.  Only the first 2.  What a ripoff.
1,Free download..  kinda blah, but can't resist free...  lol
1,I can't express how much I absolutely hate this song and beleive it should be a contender for the #1 most irritating song of 2012. Most people would just say, "Don't listen to it" and I wish I could, but being stuck in retail all day, the managers have the radio going all day, stuck on 101.9 Fox FM or Nova 100. These two radio stations are your typical morons who spin the same 5 songs on repeat ALL DAY. It drives me nuts.		The first time I heard this song it gave me a headache at how bad I thought it was, it sounded like a stupid child whining the chorus out. Everyday I have worked since then, this damn song come on every hour, and it has brought me to my knees begging the managers to please change the damn radio station so none of us have to hear this god awful p.o.s again. Today when begging the manager, he was extremely busy on the phones and said it's the least of his worries right now, so I had to hear this garbage 6 times in an 8 hour shift. Thank god I missed the first hours one and the one they probably played during my lunch break, but I was cursed into hearing it again 3 times after that, it became so bad I wished we sold guns so I could shoot myself. However, we do sell fishing harpoon guns, and I was tempted 3 times to grab the damn thing and harpoon it through my head having to be forced to listen to this overrated, overplayed, sung by a no good, no talent artist who fans say "she writes from the heart"... OH, FOR F SAKES, SHUT UP ALREADY!!! so does every other friggen artist on the planet.		 What makes her so special? That she wrote it into an annoying tune and called it music? BAN THIS SONG FROM EVERY BEING PLAYED ON RADIO EVER AGAIN, SOMEONE, PLEASE! Everyone who comes into the store agree that they can't stand this song, it's like child's music where anyone who doesn't understand what real music is, and most likely thinks adding a beat to a cross walk signal is the greatest songs ever written. Gimmie a break, this song is HORRIBLE, if you can even call it a song.
1,I really did not want to check this album out, but I did anyway to see if this band would be a little better after the atrocity that was "A War You Cannot Win", and would show musical evolution. Unfortunately, this album is yet another clunker in the ATR cabinet, but unlike their past efforts, there are at least a few small baby steps taken forward into the right direction. However, judging by the fact that frontman Phil Labonte is a complete backwards moron as evidenced last month when he stated his ridiculous views on the LGBT, this album is still pretty much musical surstromming.		The tracks on this band where the band at least attempts to make for better change are "Divide" and even "A Reason For Me To Fight", and that's really about it. The rest of the album is not much different from their other albums. You have tracks on here such as "No Knock", "Victory Lap", and "Pernicious", which sound like songs that are carbon-copied from past albums, albeit with a much more technical side which doesn't mean jack. And of course on a majority of these, the frontman really does a good job at showcasing his horrendous high screaming vocals. Now, these screams are not as infuriating as they were on their last album, but it still is irritating and monotonous when they can be. But, it's not just his vocals this time around, it's really the fact that he's singing these songs in general. A good example of this is "Tru-KVLT-Metal", which is supposed to be a song attacking metal purists and elitists which is a good message indeed, because some of these people are absolutely stupid. But, it's ruined by the fact that this is the band performing it. A band who has claimed that they are "transcending metal", when really, they're not all that impressive.		I guess one positive I can say about this is that the backing band did step up their talent. The drumming is a lot faster on this album, and Mike and Oli show that they have some talent when it comes to shredding. However, everyone involved with this album is roped to mediocrity, which really makes it worthless. You can make an album that is very technical, and is "hard to play" on drums, and it can still be a heavily misguided and off-putting record, and this album is no exception to that rule.		"The Order Of Things" is once again the latest goose egg in the All That Remains catalogue, and is one that I can only recommend to die-hard fans of ATR who will go out and buy anything that the band has ever put out. Like I said, they did at least try to not make this album a bad one, and for all intents and purposes this is not as bad as their past albums, but it still doesn't escape past one star in my opinion. If you want an ATR album that is actually good, then listen to "Behind Silence And Solitude", which is actually a solid disc. Otherwise, let this album collect dust.		Rating: 15/100
1,Mariah, Vocally is awesome on this Foreigner cover. But she lyrically ruined it by skipping a whole verse.		I gotta take a little time, A little time to think things over	I better read between the lines, In case I need it when I'm older		Now this mountain I must climb, Feels like a world upon my shoulders	And through the clouds I see love shine It keeps me warm as life grows colder		In my life		She replaced older with colder to bypass verse 2, lyrically ruining the song. Her awesome vocals make a second star worthy. but the cover was lyrically ruined
1,You can add this track to the list of songs that sits around on my harddrive and never gets listened to. Wait, maybe I actually deleted it...
1,This latin singer has an outstanding show of emotions that open your heart. Just as great sounding in his latin version.
1,I really like this song, but $1.29 is a THIRTY PERCENT increase in the price of music.  REFUSE TO PAY for these over-priced songs!  There are plenty still available at $0.99.  Tell the record companies WE WILL NOT PAY MORE!
1,There is no reason for this. It's actually insulting when you factor in his other hits collections. He has 3 volumes, so why is it compressed to one disc? You know how many hits are missing. A lot. The remastering is nice though, but still, this is not necessary. He deserves a 3 disc best of. Nothing less
1,About half of the songs were either remakes or by the wrong artists, one of the songs I wanted the most Sleep walk sucked big time, it just barely resembled the original. Stupid Cupid was by Connie Francis not Wanda Jackson . If you want the original versions forget this album only about half are the originals.
1,This is NOT a piece of music.		It is only used for tuning up an orchestra or instrument.		Unless you want to tune your musical instrument, DO NOT DOWNLOAD.		All this is is a single tone, DO NOT DOWNLOAD.
1,Waste
1,this song its the best worst song and the cars where better it had a better way of showing the 1960s off though
1,When it comes down to great young role models, there are few and far between like Miley Cyrus from Hannah Montana. Sadly, though even though she does make a good example for young women, she can make a song or two that feels like it is just a walk that wonders away. That is the case with her first single under her regular name, Miley Cirus, 7 Things. When I first heard the song, I was hoping she'd do something completely different to seperate herself from other younger divas who've made poor songs like Vanessa Hudgens from High School Musical with her latest Sneakernight, or Ashanti with The Way That I Love You. I really was dissapointed in Miley with this song, because it is one of the 7 songs released this year that I really hate out right now.		Song: D-
1,When it has came down to Beyonce' Knowles, she has honestly been more of a product than a real singer, and unfortunately she overexposed her sound and her voice has been shattered. Overall, when it came down to the hype around her surprise album in 2013, she really made a lot more songs that have been cheap at her heart, and showed that she didn't have any growth from the soul. She has really made a lot of songs that really weren't as strong as what she had done earlier. Everyone was so overdone with Drunk In Love, that most of the other songs found from her self-titled album didn't get enough recognition or airplay. XO was one of those songs that really was more of a lackluster ballad that didn't show a strike that was stronger. In fact, the song was definitely weak overall. I really didn't like the song, and I felt that her prior ballads like Halo and her rendition of the great Etta James ballad At Last were much better. I suggest you find another Beyonce' Knowles track to own.		Song: D+
1,Vocally it's just not there. I'm a disappointed fan. This album sounds so unfinished.
1,Bret Michaels is a Diva!
1,After listening to this recording, I was a bit a confused.  It was very repetitive and felt like a poor attempt at a rock opera.  I also heard hints of other songs throughout the recording.  Some were so blatantly similar I almost considered them a sample, but the liner notes didn't give credits to any song samples.  There were very few melodies that were truly noteworthy, but otherwise it was a tedious listen.		I think the main problem with this recording is it doesn't know what it wants to be or should be.  It doesn't really tell a story, it's not a rock opera, it's not two CDs chock full of various songs, it's not really anything...but many minutes of generalized music.  I have already relegated this CD pair to the "background music" portion of my collection.  At least I didn't have to pay an arm and leg for it.
1,Naw
1,Stupid song
1,Got this for free, and have never heard of the band or song title, so have not even listened to it yet. Thanks:)
1,decent i suppose
1,Embedded DRM prevents burning Amazon.com downloaded MP3 to a CD. Digital player only.  I do not recommend these downloads for this reason.
1,Embedded DRM prevents burning Amazon.com downloaded MP3 to a CD. Digital player only.  I do not recommend these downloads for this reason.
1,An awful,  droning song.
1,This was just okay. Not the best. It really could have been better,like if the songs were full songs. they sounded nice though.
1,Not worth the price: this digital download was free!
1,The orchestral pieces have a lot of white noise in the background and many songs cut off half way through.
1,I expected more from Tank, I enjoyed 1 or 2 songs and that is it. Maybe more to others liking.
1,This is really awful.  Really I can't understand the acclaim this band gets.  In truth the only people that like this are critics that champion stuff like this that no one will care for so that they can feel important within  their little club of like-minded associates.  Sad.  Husker Don't!!!
1,Can not get it to download to my music very unique happy
1,This is one of my favorite songs, but the sound quality is HORRIBLE!!!  Save your money & buy this song from another source.
1,For one thing, I have to give Kesha credit for daring to try some songs without the use of autotune on this album in contrast to Animal. That might not be a bad thing, if she didn't sound even WORSE without it than with it. This proves that her ability as a singer is very limited at best, as is the case with all the other mainstream sound-alikes we have being produced just to make money off the masses. I will not blindly blame Kesha for 100% of this typical, generic-sounding, cookie-cutter dung heap; The majority of the blame goes to that loser known as Dr. Luke, who produces a handful of the other mainstream sound-alike puppets. He is a control freak beyond further investigation, and he never lets anyone whose records he produces have much of a say, if any at all.		Also, I know people might try to defend this atrocity by saying that it was meant to be funny and that I "have no sense of humor," but when it gets to the point of becoming downright dirty and sexually explicit... that is when I no longer see the humor. If anything, it just makes me want to puke. Call me a prude all you want, but anything as sexually explicit as some of the lyrics on this album is an automatic turn-off for me. Sexual innuendo can be done tastefully, such as in the case of Depeche Mode, i.e. "Let my body do the moving / Let my hands do the soothing...." that is as far as it goes. Also, if I want some humor in music once in a while, Devo takes care of that just fine, thank you. At least their humorous elements, with a few exceptions, are actually CLEAN. The same can hardly be said about this album, I hate to say. It just goes to show the standards of what is deemed "acceptable" in today's society, as sad as it is.
1,after i got it i didn't like it so much , wish i hadn't of got it , not my kind of music
1,And I say that SO loosely.		This song wasn't great the first time I heard it and it's still sugar-coated fluff.		I mean I can get into certain songs that are all pop and little substance, but this one grates on my nerves.		First. Copying Irreplaceable's beat almost completely was a terrible thing to do! Not original and we had ENOUGH of that song. That's what this song TOTALLY rides on! At least Chris Brown, even though it's a similar beat, has something going for his song, With You (better lyrics, nice video).		Altogether, I just don't appreciate either of them ripping the Irreplaceable beat off though.		Come on! We heard it ENOUGH in 2006/2007!!!		Second. I will never forget you/You're in everything I do/		(Later)		Just like a tattoo/I'll always have you		blah, blah, blah, blah, Jordin. Start writing your own songs and maybe you'll get some attention!		2.25 stars.		End note: Beautiful voice but get a new producer who isn't afraid to try something new and different! I know it can be hard being original these days in the studio because it seems like everyone has nearly tried everything BUT (and that's a B I G but) copying a song's beat that has previously been played into the ground is the opposite of what you want to do! The lyrics are trite and super-elementary and nothing (I mean NOTHING) besides the vocal work stands out!!
1,Again, not my type of music, bubble gum pop style doesn't do it for me, and adapting it for	dance doesn't help.
1,Free download..  kinda blah, but can't resist free...  lol
1,Lucinda sounds appropriately sedated or intoxicated....thru most of these vocals.....I am really trying to find some deep down poignant  original songs cutting to the heart...but frankly these are mostly retreads from earlier efforts....For me her last great album was West....since then we really get a mixed bag often uninspired, often shadows of greater performances and songs.....However her version of the Woody Guthrie's song  is illuminating....so in sum this is just another ho hum effort....too bad....
1,I purchased this to listen too. Not all the songs are my favorite but I just got it for the heck of it. I seen him on television and wanted to hear more of his music.
1,Discovered I can't stand her voice. Only plays in Amazon app or on mp3 player; not compatible with Apple products.
1,this is actually a horrible remake of a much better song by them called Walking In The Sun
1,There is no question that there is a lack of really striking music out there. With Katy Perry, she hasn't really grown into her music, and brought out a real feeling of strength where her songs really are delivering. With the title track for her sophmore album, Teenage Dream, I really didn't feel any chemistry she brought out into the song that really was strong. She really could be more grown into her voice, than just being another pretty face next door. I wish her all the best with her marriage to Russell Brand, but I honestly think she needs to grow much more as a singer to be more appealing.		Song: D
1,When it has came down to Katy Perry, she hasn't really hit the nail on the head with her music as much as the fans wanted. That lackluster appeal is written all in her album Prism. Her song Roar from that album is absolutely a cheater in song as well, which sounds too close in ear to what Sara Bareilles did with Brave earlier this year, which honestly was a much dearer song in voice and sonnet. I really didn't find the song to be a s empowering as was the case with her influence Queen. I really found the song to not only not deliver, but I found it to be another boring pop song that had lackluster drive in the words of a diva. If you are a hard core Katy Perry fan, you'll want this song, but it isn't really worth the money and the roar.		Song: D+
1,Barbra needs to retire. This is a tired album of duets on all of Barbra's hits. Awful.
1,this is the clean version?? With the N word and all??? wow, better luck next time checking lyrics,
1,I'm generally a Jamie Foxx, but this CD is disappointing. Jamie is 41 years old now, and maybe I expected songs that reflected his age. This CD makes Jamie come off like a immature boy, and not a man in his 40s.
1,Like the concept, don't like the song
1,Not good
1,Can't beat any oldies
1,even as a freebie, this was a total & complete waste of my time to listen to. fit only for the trash.
1,When it has came down to Beyonce' Knowles, she has been more of a product than a real singer. Sadly, the quality of her being a singer has died, and the heart of her trying to hard to follow in her husbands' shadow, has really ruined her quality in her songs. When she came out with a surprise album last year, that may have been appealing to her fans, but honestly the heart of her songs has really been much poorer at heart. Her latest single, 7/11 from the Platinum edition of her Beyonce' is actually a very poorly-driven song. She really has lost her street-credit as a female rapper. The song doesn't ignite with people the way Taylor Swift's Shake It Off did this year. I think it sincerely is time for Beyonce' Knowles to retire. Because if she keeps making bad songs, people will stop listening to her. That isn't just the roll of the dice at the craps table.		Song: D-
1,The remake of cry me a river by Gabriella Cilmi is a 1000 times better than the original.	Justin quit whining and stop embarassing yourself.	Lessons To Be Learned (Amazon MP3 Exclusive)
1,A beautiful song, but it's full length of five minutes plus is	not achieved, so I will only give this song a one star only.
1,I was surprised. I get a lot of music this way. So when it came up as a recommendation, I thought 'looks like a good bet'. Listened to a few tracks, not all, and ordered it.		I had it on late, and what came on? Opera. No Opera is not relaxing for me. If you like it, maybe you can mark this as a '3 star' review.		But for me: relaxing != Opera
1,ok
1,Yeah, it's ok..but just barely. As a band, they sound great. The production, musicianship, cohesion etc. is really top notch, a carry over effect from the far superior effort, "The Connection". Here Papa Roach is simply treading water. The lyrics are as empty and unforgivably bland. Jacoby Shaddix has absolutely nothing new or remotely interesting to say here. As soon as the songs end, it evaporates from memory. What a let down from the previous album.
1,a
1,I think I hit the button by mistake this is totally not my kind of music. I listened a few times
1,Tired theme, annoying as hell, horrid ear gouging vocals and vomit inducing twillight propaganda. Complete gutter polish trash!  Avoid if you have any taste in music whatsoever!!!
1,This is not my type of musci was pruchased for someone as a gift
1,That this song downloads as a separate from 'The Load Out'. Your promoter don't mind, the union don't mind, the roadies don't mind. The verses are specific for this 'Stay' version and is part of 'The Load Out/Stay' compile. Its one song!
1,As far as top ten pop chanteuses go Katy Perry fits the bill for unoffensive mass pop pablum. However everything about this "song" with regurgitated lyrics ("eye of the tiger..' really?) and the inane supposition that she is being held back or down by someone or something, comes off as ersatz suffragette. The lyrics are sparse and infantile and the dragging pulsing synth that leads to the chorus aggravates more than inspire. This is a B-oh-oh-oh-oh-re even by Katy Perry standards.
1,Only got this for a friend.
1,again down loaded the wrong song, sorry.  I'm confused to as why there's so many different copies of this one song on Amazon?
1,I don't know... is she singing?  Is she rapping?  Or more like talking with repetitive folk music in the background. Not real music, in my opinion. But, it's "Beyonce"... so it don't matter, right?
1,Was free so thought Id try and see if I liked this artist music/songs. Once on my iTune website pop up said to hear ~ free trail 3 months down load but no rules explaining if automatically charged after trail over on my Amazon account. Since I had 18 free unknown to me different artist I decided to never listen and will delete them. It you know this artist and like i would suggest you try the free trail.
1,When it has came down to Beyonce' Knowles right now, her life has been in peril. Her self-titles surprise album has been more of a waste of time in the ears, and absolutely her heart. Sadly, the end of her marriage with Jay-Z has shown in her music and wasted On The Run tour. Now with the two of them coming to a close as husband and wife, Beyonce' has picked the wasted Flawless as her latest single from the lackluster self-titled record. She really doesn't the credit of being hard core into the rap and hip hop game.  Her rapping is just as poor as is the case when she did Drunk In Love with her soon to be ex-husband. I think the next record she does, she could be smarter in voice, and feel flawless from the heart. This song though has been a waste of time and real heart.		Song: D
1,as usual, it disappeared from my library
1,Nope...not a fan.
1,ok
1,Unfortunately, this album marks the debut of David Lindley on Jackson Browne albums.  What a disaster!!!!  David Lindley totally ruins this otherwise pretty good album.  His lap steel guitar sounds like finger nails on a chalk board.  He single-handedly ruined many good Jackson Browne songs...
1,This is overproduced lame a$$ muzak by a dude who thinks he's cool enough to jam with Bob Weir. He's a schlocky, corporate muzak playing goofball. The proof is in this lame-o tune made to play in elevators and department stores across America. I am generously giving 2 stars cos it isn't as annoying as Oops I did it Again! by Bitchney Slut.
1,I purchased the CD because i really enjoyed the song Radiationactive. The song was and still is an excellent song, but the rest of the album does not come close to this one hit wonder. I am feeling very duped or taken advantaged of; i should have just purchased the song as a single and saved money.
1,Dull boring overrated adele is ruining music zero stars.
1,Over hyped and poor quality recordings.
1,This album recycles some good riffs from the 80's but you can tell these guys are right out of high school by reading their lyrics - the English class PC brainwashing hasn't quite worn off. They also use the thesaurus a little too loosely: "Wed-locked a prison Of antiquation" Good lord who wrote that? Their music may be copped from Metallica but the lyrics are something you would expect from Natalie Merchant (for you younger people she was the singer of 10,000 Maniacs in the 80's - a favorite of unpopular drama club girls who blamed all of their personal insecurities on society, patriarchy, sexism, homophobia and Ronald Reagan).
1,ex husband hacked into account and ordered them. No idea how it is working.
1,ok
1,I'm not sure how this collaboration happened but the results are well...less than satisfying. I like pop music as much as anyone else and i LOVE hip-hop but this sounds forced, like a pop star experimenting with urban sounds to show that she can be edgy and cool. Definitely liked Unconditionally better.
1,The lyrics to this so called "song" are absolutely awful. The lyrics are definitely the worse part...if you actually listen to the lyrics and comprehend them you will know just how little effort and thought was put into this song. Seriously just understand the lyrics, but most people who listen to this song would not even care about lyrics in a song...what do lyrics matter in a song? This song is made for people with no music taste whatsoever. It is simply one of the most annoying, worst excuses for a song created in the year it was released.		How this singer was even on a singing competition and got past the first round makes no sense. She cannot sing. And whoever she hires to write most of her lyrics obviously can't do their job either. Why anyone would listen to this song is beyond me, they must seriously have no music taste whatsoever. If you like this song you have just proved to the world you have no taste at all...not even remotely. This song is an utter embarrassment, and most people who listen to it are kids and kids should not even listen to this song but it has very suggestive lyrics for no reason.		The song is trying to be cute but it's actually rather nasty. If you listen to the lyrics it's about a woman who is extremely easy to get into her pants, meeting a random guy and agreeing to put out just about is what the song is about, she says that she just met this guy and gives her number and this is crazy...yes, it is crazy. What kind of s word gives her phone number out to the most random guy who doesn't even ask for it? She goes up right to him and gives her number to any guy she thinks she might have a chance of having intercourse with. It's pathetic.
1,This is of value to me, since it was Remixed to extend, but whoever mixed it distorted in spots, maybe from bass guitar or bass drum, you hear "popping" throughout. Sad.
1,didnt get same reason as the other one.
1,I truly did not want to believe that this was one of my beloved favorites, Rick Springfield murdering each and every song on this album, but a person can only go so far on denial. In my case delusion didn't even make it through the first track, and by the time I trudged on through to the end I only got really, really sad.		I didn't know that Rick could suck.		This album is a massacre. It should be taken away, hidden, and hopefully forgotten.
1,Ok song, but too much nonsinging during the song. Not very danceable.
1,This song sucks.
1,Fight song is a way better song. Glad she didn't come out with this one first.
1,Hollywood Undead is about ten years too late with there gimmick. While I do enjoy there first album, it kicks off strong with Undead but after that it's basically the same song over and over again with different lyrics. Desperate Measures is a stop gap album (an album released between studio releases to keep fans happy) and it shows. Ive seen this band live and I don't remember it being bad but nothing i'd run and go tell everyone about. The cover songs are pretty bad as well. I wouldnt recommend this cd to anyone, although I do know there is some hardcore Hollywood Undead fans out there, and just wait for there new album which should be released.
1,this album is full of lazy beats, production, and rhymes the only good songs of 20 tracks are	1. Remember You - awesome single, the weeknd makes this song	2. Medicated - good	3. Got Everything	4. Initation	5. It's Nothin	other songs like paperbond, work hard play hard, and the track featuring akon are the worst
1,Not as I expected
1,Ok song
1,Not worth the price: this digital download was free!
1,Good buy from Amazon.
1,Initially sounds great,  then goes bad quickly.
1,When it has came down to Lady Gaga, she has lost her crown in her music and her message from driven voice and innovation from her music. She had a lot to prove and she didn't find it with her recent music. Sadly, with her new music, it really has been more of a miss than a strike. Applause, the lead single from her third album Artpop is actually not one of her better songs. In fact, it felt definitely weaker than a lot of the tracks she did from her last album Born This Way, and I wasn't impressed with the bulk of the songs from that record either. I think for her and for her little monster fans, maybe Lady Gaga should take a break and find her voice again with her songs and than she'll find more for her fans to applause.		Song: D
1,ex husband hacked into account and ordered them. No idea how it is working.
1,This album wasn't very good.
1,ok
1,Everything great thanks much
1,Pink Floyd has given us a "new" album, "The Endless River"...	I acquired an advanced copy, and I'm actually underwhelmed by what I heard.	I was expecting, as I believe we all probably were and are an album with at least three or four tracks containing vocals, but sadly 17 out of the 18 tracks on the CD are simply an ambient trip...	Track 18 of (The Endless River) titled "Louder Than Words", is a good, but not great tune. When listening to the album you keep thinking that the music is building to something, only to have it merge into a different sounding experience.		Note: for those not aware, this album was pieced together using leftover material from The Division Bell sessions, with very little new material actually recorded.		I'm speechless, disappointed, and seriously hoping that I'm not the only person that feels this way after listening to the Pink Floyd album we've been waiting for forever it would seem!
1,I TRULEY LOVE Jennifer Hudson,  and her Voice is Amazing!!	But I did purchase her New 20011 CD (Remember ME)	I am So Disappointed, I truly wasted my money.	 I was so unhappy With it!!
1,I liked this song fine on the radio but man it has been OVER PLAYED so much. If I never hear it again it will be too soon!
1,It is a really anointing repetitive song that says the same thing over and over again  the beat is terrible
1,Unfortunately vice has crept into music although its a real toe tapper we have had to forbid the children from rhiana due to her immoral lifestyle.
1,There are sometimes newer artists that can be strong, but others that cna make music that feels like it is mediocre, and that is honestly the case with newcomer Ke$ha. While she does have might feel like she have a domiant vibe with younger audiences, she unfortunately doesn't have a strong appeal. Her second single from her debut album Animat, Blah Blah, Blah feels like a waste on the ears. While the beat isn't very strong, the feeling of her voice and the lyrics to the sound is absolutely horrible. I wasn't very amused with the single, and I felt it was not a good song. If she really is going to deliver, she should try harder with a better song that is all her own.		Song: D 1/2-
1,the part of me part sounds like a rip off to chicago's if you leave me now.	Hear it for yourself. A lawsuit is coming your way katy.
1,Crap Crap crappy and Crappies.  I cannot find any redeeming value in this album.  I love to be entertained but this was just crapola.
1,Forced to learn to please my bandmates...what a piece of crap song! Guess I STILL miss my Chicago, BS&T, Tower of Power and oh YES...Allman Brothers tunes.
1,Maudlin, and trite.  It is manipulative in it's emotionalism and it to wrap it in the guise of a Christmas song is inappropriate and in one sense cruel.  Christmas is a time of birth and new beginnings.
1,not the song I thought it was....I was looking for a version of this song as seen on a T V show
1,ok
1,This has to be the worst recording that I have purchased in my lifetime. The quality of the recording is unbearable. They need a guitar player and singer. Don't waste your money.
1,Do you remember that old philosophical debate, about whether a million monkeys pecking random keys on typewriters for a million years would eventually produce the works of Shakespeare?  Kellee Maize's work reminds me of that, though as yet she hasn't produced much that resembles music (not lyrically, anyway).  She's apparently had the big insight that lots of words rhyme with each other or sound a lot alike, and thinks by stringing them together something profound may result.  Well, not quite.		Using big words that rhyme does not an artist nor poet make.  Gosh- consonance, continents and consequence DO sound a lot alike, wow.  You can visit any mental hospital and find dozens of such "visionaries", what they produce is called "word salad".  It's gibberish, utter nonsense.  Ms. Maize is either unbalanced or having a good laugh at our expense, possibly both.  There's nary an original thought here, no- strike that- there's not a THOUGHT here, not one that's coherent or complete, at any rate.  The words SEEM to suggest things, like a verbal Rorschach test, words randomly thrown together DO, but the meaning is imposed from without, a projection, as they say. Granted, the tunes are catchy, the beats infectious.  But if you see anything profound and revelatory in the lyrics, I suggest you Google them, and have a look some Sunday morning, in the clear light of day.  I warrant that YOU are the source of your epiphanies, the inspiration and beauty comes from within, not from Ms. Maize's ramblings, which are alternately pretentious, gratuitous, and in poor taste, to put it mildly.  In fairness though, why this strikes me as rubbish and songs like "COME TOGETHER" or "I AM THE WALRUS" by the Beatles strike me as genius, I don't know (LSD way back when may have had something to do with it, admittedly, in this case, so who knows).		BTW, what is an "aligned archetype"?  An archetype is ONE facet of a person, one of many that complements other facets, their confluence or amalgam forms personality. I could have made some sense of "aligned archetypes", plural, its use in the singular is baffling- how so, aligned with what?		Below are the lyrics to Something Sacred.  I had to work around the obscenities, Amazon wouldn't accept them.  Some might think it a travesty, an insult to the things that people actually hold sacred to use the word thusly.  "Something Sacrilegious" might be more fitting.  Neither sacrilege nor obscenities bother me in the least, actually, but utter twaddle taken as profundity does, especially when there's so much out there that IS profound, explicitly so, like THE AVETT BROTHERS or LOVERS or HOLY GHOST! or MATTHEW DEAR, for example. I'll give you a million dollars if you can cogently explain the meaning of this song to me (well, not really, I don't have a million CENTS). But here are the lyrics, judge for yourself:		SOMETHING SACRED:		Alliteration for the nation, consonance for continents	I hope the consequence is that you bob your head to this		Justifiable rythym	Asking what you been missin'	Pimps so corporate n' kissin	Values are tied in the lynching	All the fat needs some pinchin	Steady youth in a prison	No lovin' supervision	There's no cooks in the kitchen	Poison water no fishin'	All the sales men are pitchin'	To steal cause circumcision	[Sexual assault] us continue snitchin'	Money drugs over [female dogs]	I see something real different	I'll be holdin' a vision	It's not just superstition		Something sacred sewed me sideways	I'm Mirrored, mimickin' and movin' my way	Holy hell on a hardened highway	Feeling freaky focused	Friday to Friday		I'm fighting my ego	I think may be it's sequel	Is opposite of evil	Sugar f***ed up my equal	Never researched the prequel	Toxins all in your fecal	Poppin' pills swelling measle	Tell me where is my people	They don't bow at no steeple	Lightworkers gettin deepa	Quantum physics'll teach ya	My lyrics they might reach ya	Read the poems I preach ya	This full length is my feature	A mysterious creature	We are one blood all keepers		Something sacred sewed me sideways	I'm Mirrored, mimickin' and movin' my way	Holy hell on a hardened highway	Feeling freaky focused	Friday to Friday		My spaceship is leavin'	Out the window I'm seein'	End of left brain per diam	Psychics say they can see them	Daddy's fightin my demons	Beside me steady dreamin	That he helps me make freedom	From the grave he is screamin	F! the man and his s*men	Kinda fishy no reason	Corporation is reakin'	Smells of workers well treated	Earth mother she is fiendin'	For a break in the season	Discontent no one pleasin'	Called a [female body part] that is bleedin'		Something sacred sewed me sideways	I'm Mirrored, mimickin' and movin' my way	Holy hell on a hardened highway	Feeling freaky focused	Friday to Friday		Alliteration for the nation, consonance for continents	I hope the consequence is that you bob your head to this
1,When it has came down to Rihanna, she has honestly been one of the most severely overexposed artists of the past decade, and sadly the quality of her voice has slowly withered away. Kanye West hasn't been musically better with his frills, from marrying Kim Kardashian, to making his stage antics on Taylor Swift and recently Beck on his Grammy-Winning Album Of The Year. Now, for the two of them to team up with Paul McCartney, the question is have they have better in their art, well the answer is absolutely no. Kanye showed it badly on Only One, now with FourFive Seconds, the two of them do not ignite in the heart, instead they have shown to be a whimper of themselves in voice, and in chemistry with Sir Paul. Overall, I wasn't even impressed with the song, and honestly much worse than what the two of them have done in songs before. If you are a die hard Paul McCartney fan, I would sincerely pass this one up, because four and five seconds, feels more like wasted time overall.		Song: F
1,DON'T RECALL
1,Poor quality...but great song!
1,For David Arculeta, the runner-up from American Idol this year who lost to David Cook, he hasn't actually been able to really deliver well, from the show, or on his own. Even a few years after he appeared on the short-lived revival on Star Search with Arsenio Hall, his feeling of his songs needs to be more than just a bubblegum pop sound. That is unfortunate with his latest single, Crush. The first post-American Idol single from David Archuleta, really doesn't feel like it sticks from the heart. I really didn't think it was a well-driven song, unlike former American Idol alumini Jennifer Hudson, who actually delivered well with Spotlight. Hopefully, when David does deliver his album, he can break out in a better position than flavor of the moment.		Song: D
1,ok
1,Should have only downloaded the song one time.  Don't like it that you couldn't sample the music first.
1,I didn't even know this was coming out till I saw it on shelves. It makes sense that the record company and probably Rob Zombie himself had no faith in it being a great album... if you can even call it one. It's more of an EP. There is only about 5 or 6 songs on this, and the rest is either talking/radio cut filler crap, or some stupid short instrumental that doesn't even sound like J5 is even trying to tune into his talents.		There is 2 decent songs I don't mind. One being UFO and the other Get Your Boots On. Neither make any sense, or have much meaning, but when does Rob ever do that anyway? The UFO one I take a liking to because it reminds me of Jerry Reed, if you know who that is, and sounds like Jerry gone Rob Zombie style which is unusual, but makes me wonder what Rob would sound like covering "East Bound and Down" lol		The other stuff on here is easily forgetable. Not Rob's best work and the album just feels incomplete like the big singles are missing from it. I expect as per usual, Rob will try to rectify the negative reviews and bitter tastes in fans mouths left hungry for more by releasing a deluxe edition soon with a few more songs or a quick cover of something to fill in the 40-50 mins remaining of CD time this one here has left blank.
1,When I heard this I immediately thought of Mumford & Sons style. However, the synth instruments are kind of distracting from the overall intent of this song.
1,I never heard this song/album and don't want to!!!I don't know where this song came from; I never ordered it!!!
1,Reverse this purchase-never ordered it- waste of time for me this morning.  Take it off.  I will never recommend Amazon Kindle to anyone.
1,Not the original. I don't even think it's Blues Image in this recording.
1,No one of pitbull's best.
1,Downloads ask for last disk.  Unworkable.
1,Never like her first single and never like this song at all !	Quit hogging all the airplay and let the other artists shine for once.	Please stop making music. Purchase my albums instead , you'll thank me later.
1,But after awhile her whining just gets on your nerves. I bought it listened to it for a week or two and then deleted it out of my library and I'm happier without this song.
1,as usual, it disappeared from my library
1,After listening to our choir sing it, I rushed to purchase the original, Big mistake.		Oh well.
1,I didn't realize that there were two versions when I bought this one. In my opinion the acoustic version is much, much better! This one she sings quicker and it just doesn't have the same feel.
1,short
1,this is not original recording. very disapointed. should tell you that before you buy the song, not happy at all
1,This is a typical T Bone Burnett production: bizarre, pretentious, and gimmicky arrangements and a muddy sound mix that feels as it was recorded underwater.  Whatever nuance or individuality the artists he records may have, seem to get lost in Burnett's uniform and inflexible approach to recording.  So, although artists such as Elvis Costello and Jim James appear on it, don't expect it to sound like one of their typical recordings, nor the other artists who appear on it.  Listen to sound clips before you buy this album;  it has a very unusual sound.  I found myself thinking of the Wizard of Oz as i listened to this, yet another crappy record produced by T Bone, and wondering when someone was going to pull back the curtain on him.
1,the music industry relly sucks in the sense that there is no. music industry sucks really bad there is no
1,Seems like this overproduced piece of garbage is just a follow up cash in that the record company pressured her into doing
1,This is by far the worse song GAGA has ever written, in fact Rebecca Black's "Friday" has more intelligent thought put into it than this. This song is so tacky and dumb, it wouldn't even be played in the background of a porno.
1,I came of age during the 1960s and 70s.  To this day the soundtrack of Hair plays in my head from time to time, and it has a certain sound - robust, edgy, energetic, and raw.  I agree 100% with the reviewer who prefers to remember the original, when the clothes were not costumes, and this was not a period piece.  The 2009 version feels like a group of Juillard-educated musicians bringing popular music to the upper crust.  If you like this edition, at least also treat yourself to the original.
1,I really am shocked by all the good reviews.  This really is a 1-2 star album at most.  Definately no Fear.  Unmemorable songs, lite-pop production.  Just not very interesting at all.  Glen Phillips voice sounds fine
1,After her twqo drug influenced cds Jagged Little Pill(a lot of drug abusers are hooked on pills these days, look at winona rider) and Supposed Former Junkie (a junkie is someone addicted to heroin), aalanias has swept her druggy past under the rug.  As a result the music suffers.  this is stillted and boring.  Not that people need drugs to be creative, but some people, like alaanias do.  skip this one.
1,Although the beat and rhythm are cool, the words trash the song. I dumped it. Next time I'll read the lyrics before purchasing a song like this. Hated it!!!!!!		  Kevin J.
1,Aint' nuttin original bout dis! Plus, anyone with musical taste knows it but I wonder about all the comments I see around saying "Mileys Song". she is just a good song writer......the song was written by:		Lukasz Gottwald 	Maureen Anne McDonald 	Stephan Moccio 	Sacha Skarbek 	Henry Russell Walter		Not Miley Cyrus......She is a processed, shat out product that "sings" what is put in front of her by her record company.....no talent here, just polished fake garbage like Justin Bieber and all that fake junk. Look it up before you praise someone for work they didn't do....But on the "glass half full" side...Her voice ain't all that bad and there are manufactured pop stars that annoy me a lot more than her...hence...the two star rating versus a one star rating. I do believe her forthcoming endeavor w. the Flaming Lips might actually end up being good music and may be indicative of artistic growth.
1,Not the right group.  Re-recorded by someone else.
1,It has been a very long time since we have heard anything new from Adam Lambert. While he has had some good songs from For Your Entertainment, he has not been able to definitely follow-up to his success from American Idol after his debut record. It honestly has been a very tough ride overall, but it has been a stepping stone. Still, he has a whole lot to find better for his own work, than trying to be a sound-alike to George Michael. His latest song shows to be more of a haunting rhythm, but not anything outrageous. Ghost Town, the lead single from his third album The Original High, is not anything that really ignites afire from the heart. The song doesn't actually ignite they way that he did with What Do You Want From Me from his past. I really do think Adam needs to have a sound that is more driven from the soul after Idol, and he not been able to have something more strong that made it more like a haunting.		Song: D+
1,I never heard or saw this group outside of amazon...the only reason I gave them a chance was for that song "Get Away"!!!{she reminds me of Tinashe on that record},another banger is "Gabby"!!!.The o.k traccs are "Girl","Penthouse Cloud" & "Curse".
1,Totally misses the mark.
1,RI LOST HER DAMN MINDS AGAIN  GUESS HER GIRLFRIEND OWES HER MONEY AND SHE WANTS IT BEFORE SHE KILLS HER OR HIM WE KNOW RIS BISEXUAL.
1,Yikes!!!  I mean... YIKES!!!  What the?  Are they kidding?  Is this some kind of weird joke?	I couldn't wait to place my order for this long awaited live VH album, and I couldn't have been more excited the day it arrived.	I carefully unwrapped it and studied the cool packaging (no band pics though - very odd) and let it rip.	OH MY GOD. What were they thinking?  This is so freaking bad I think it just turned me off music - period.	The drums are sloppy, the guitars are surprisingly sloppy too, the keys are lagging behind the band, the bass is solid though, but please, please, please don't even ask about the vocals. This is not the band I know and love. Regretfully, I absolutely HATE this release.
1,I wouldn't recommend this CD, as it doesn't really bring much new to the table.  I bought this because I was seeing Warren in concert and wanted to be 'up' on his latest project.  Well, I walked out of the show during the drum solo after being ready to leave even earlier.
1,I thought it couldn't get any worse when I heard some of Lil Waynes stuff, but then I listened to Soulja Boy. My god what garbage. Can you imagine if the collaborated? Horrible horrible song.
1,Be warned  she went creative #pose #7 #iscreative . I first had 4 stars but went to two lol
1,this song is horrible! how is this chick so famous?? it's a big corporate push & a lot of money and financial interests @ stake, invested in her career. The suits who are pushing this would sell ya a turd sandwich if it would make them  a lot of moolah!
1,Silly
1,Music to induce new age dementia...squish,squish,squish. The sounds of melting brain and shallow feeling. Free was too expensive. Sorry to be so heavy!
1,Honestly, having been forced to hear this a number of times, my best friend and I thought it best to go somewhere where we were sure we we not going to hear it. We went to our favorite retro-style, dive bar where a lot of classic rock enthusiasts, metalheads (of which I am one), and even hipsters like to hang out and have a few casual drinks, and also where tracks (not songs) like this atrocity are highly condemned. Not only that, but there was a dance-floor oriented, rave-type bar right next store, so there was NO EXCUSE for a few certain people who came in and decided they were going to ruin it for everyone by playing this vile piece of trash on the jukebox.		My goodness, why do people actually like this vile, disgusting, putrid, non-artistic trash? It is complete, over-the-top noise pollution enjoyed only by classless people who like to "get down and dirty" after getting wasted out of their minds. It turns guys into pigs and girls into sluts, and that is a fact! This kind of garbage is what is destroying society, no questions asked. There is not one shred of musical worth in this 3 1/2 minute piece of steaming, vile disgusting, gross and despicable abomination of a "song" whatsoever. If giving this track NEGATIVE 1,000,000 stars was an option, I'd slap it with that in a heartbeat.		Also, people have actually played stuff like Tupac, Beastie Boys, Big L, B.I.G. and Run DMC at this same bar, and I never minded that at all, so I am by no means biased against hip hop as a whole, despite not being a fan.
1,I purchased this to listen too. Not all the songs are my favorite but I just got it for the heck of it. I seen him on television and wanted to hear more of his music.
1,fake, rick neverr sold dope, never shot anybody, never claimed a gang, a shame fake gangsters can get away with making fake cd's about lies all studio gangsters should be put to death a shame the best rappers are dead or get no airplay. funk u rick ross the real rick ross, larry hoover and big meech should put a hit on your fake azz.
1,I am a true blue Shania fan, but this is just not a great song.  I used to love all of what she did, and I hope she puts out more new music that is better than this.
1,Son likes son ... I hate it.
1,Wow...I'm really disappointed in this.  I guess I'm just not hearing what others are that seem to enjoy this, but the band sounds muddled and uninspired.  I get the impression they are going through the motions (which they are) and could really care less anymore what they put out.  Roth sounds soooooo bad, It's really embarrassing.		And I'm still not excited about the set list.  It's not that its a bad set list, but they have become a tribute band to themselves considering they choose to ignore 4 albums worth of material as if it never happened AND virtually ignore the new material from the very album they are supposed to be promoting.  So disappointing.  Back in the day, VH would play 80-90% of a new album.  They were proud of what they did and dying to show it off.  There are songs on ADKOT that are just begging to be played live, but I'm guessing we'll never hear 'em.  Shame to put this out and not have cuts like Big River, You and Your Blues or Beats Workn' on here (as terribly retreaded and unoriginal as ADKOT was, I still enjoyed the release quiet a bit.  I play it often and it has some great songs to workout to.  To bad most of them will never see the light of day light.  What a shame.		I'll pass.  I own about every VH CD that's been released (had III, but got rid of it).  But I'll pass on this one.  I'll still listen to the studio cuts (heck, Daves last solo was pretty good), but I'll pass on the "Live Money Grab" thank you very much.
1,Great cause but nit really listenable
1,When it has honestly came down to Beyonce' Knowles, she has been more of a product in voice, than really has flexed her work outside from her heart. Honestly when it has came to all the music from her surprise 5th album, she really had wasted a lot of peoples' time on the ears, and absolutely from the heart. I really found the music to be very tiresome, and unfortunately lagged a lot from her own heart. I found a lot of the collaborations from Drunk In Love, and Blow to be wasted. Superpower is another song that feels a bit more shady in her voice. She & Frank Ocean have absolutely no chemistry and just lags from her own drive. I really found the song to be one of her weakest songs from the album, and definitely not worth listening to. Frank has a little better work alone, but it definitely is not worth downloading the song alone. I think people have been so caught up in Drunk In Love, that this one was "superpowered" to a loss.		Song: D
1,Downloaded just fine.  Not sure what else to say about an mp3 purchase other than I didn't like the song and it works just fine.
1,Never got this
1,I know it says explicit, but other songs have said explicit and have not been explicit at all! So bad had to delete this.
1,First of all, can we get over the craze of inspirational and uplifting music, quickly? Thank you. The song has great lyrics, but the musical and vocal elements to the song all seem overdone, overcooked, and trying too hard. In fact, somebody tried too hard to make this song a hit, which never really caught on, but you hear it on radio constantly, to the point where you cringe every time you hear this song.		And by the way, does anybody else think that an inspirational song from somebody like Avril Lavigne, who is not the best of role models, is just plain wrong? In either case, the song doesn't work, except on a lyrical level, and even that's been done before.
1,there is no reason to listen to music in the sense that music sucks reaaly bad and doesnt need to br listened to.
1,This is just okay.
1,It old and got sick of it fast
1,not like
1,ITS BS Amazon forces you to download their software medial player in order to download the music you paid for. I don't want their media player. I will never buy music from Amazon again.
1,Did not order, don't know why it is showing up on my account.
1,For the love of god WAKE UP AND SMELL THE AIR YOU SPOILED BRATS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is exactly what's wrong with America today. Cheap music that I could surpass in artistic and equality in twenty minutes and dumb, childish lyrics are a testament to the continuing decline of American intelligence today. This isn't punk or metal at all. This is a horrible travesty to both genres. Metal is ultraheavy guitar riffs with extremenly loud melody and pounding drums. Punk is real rebelism against trends in society. Sum 41 aren't that either. They are nothing but a bunch if talentless clowns who are cashing in on TRL to make a buck [...].	Don't call me an old fogie who listens to Frank Sinatra or Mozart because I am 19 years old but I have stuck with the moral values that garbage like this encourages youth to dismiss.	I feel ashamed that people in my age group are more worried about being cool by cussing that than being intelligent. Well I hope this will change in the next five years and laugh at bands like Sum 41, Limp Bizkit, and all those dumb poser metal groups.
1,it was  hit and miss in places.  the best duet was with Stevie wonder and it worked. the rest are met with mixed results at best. good arrangements and production. the duet with John Legend was comedy. i mean Barry Gibb and her  were on point. her and John Legend make a good early nap and you might not wake up anytime soon and that is the problem with the bulk of this set. this could have been way better. it feels like product placement and it never takes off. wasted chance with Lionel Richie as well.
1,Listened once. Not my cup of tea. Good musicianship, but not something I like to listen to.
1,had problems downloading
1,While Beyonce' has had a lot of hits, there are a lot of songs that she has had on her own, and with Destiny's Child that have been less than a entity for your music collection. Diva is definitely one of those lackluster songs. The third single from her 3rd album I Am Sasha Fierce, really fails to ignite a heart and soul appeal to her singnature style. The song is trying to show that she can rap and be the best of both worlds, like Mary J. Blige or Lil' Kim. While it feels she is trying to bring that side out which she borrowed from her husband, Jay-Z, she misses the beat by a longshot. This song is even lower than Single Ladies (Put A Ring On It), and much worse than If I Were A Boy. I hope that the next single from I Am Sasha Fierce feels more like a tiger, than feels timid like a sad pussycat.		Song: D-
1,This new album by Helloween comes with a gorgeous packaging, featuring two CD's, full lyrics, great cover and booklet art. But the music (that's what matters, by the way) is incredible poor, making this another lackluster album in Helloween's discograhpy.		Don't get me wrong, I like the band a lot, but let's face it: with Andi Deris they began to sunk ever more, and their last albums were not great. This new "Keeper" is another disappointment.
1,Not original recording.
1,I don't like this song.
1,Crap Crap crappy and Crappies.  I cannot find any redeeming value in this album.  I love to be entertained but this was just crapola.
1,poor sound quality
1,I was a real fan of purple but the las few discs are quite the same style. The same kind of stuff. This one is no exception. It has beautiful passages, specially the keyboardist shines, but but IMHO they offer nothing new, at least for me.
1,It is absolutely so sad that whenever someone talented becomes more like a manufactured product, that the voice slowly withers away and died. Unfortunately, Beyonce' Knowles is one of those singers who is a manufactured product. The quality of her songs have been more like a disgrace, than a symbol of talent. She honestly has not found better for her own work. When she made waves by pulling out a surprise album, it might have been good for some, but honestly the result was a complete waste of time, and a waste of her own voice. Partition is one of those songs that has been sincerely annoying. She really didn't bring a lot of drive into the song, just weakened her own heart. I really found this song to be a complete waste of time. Beyonce' does not have any chemistry to play seduction onto Jay-Z, she just makes the listener say, " Why Do I Even Bother With Her?" Overall, if you a new fan of Beyonce's music, go back to her early work with Crazy In Love, because her best in not even here.		Song: D
1,the part of me part sounds like a rip off to chicago's if you leave me now.	Hear it for yourself. A lawsuit is coming your way katy.
1,I thought this would be traditional Christmas songs but they aren't. It is more classical and sung by choirs. Not happy with this selection.
1,TOO MANY DOUBLE PURCHASES OF MUSIC DUE TO SONGS BEING LISTED IN ALBUMS AND NOT ONE BY ONE
1,When it honestly has came down to it, Beyonce' hasn't really been able to stride with a strong single in awhile. After a few dissapointing songs from I Am Sasha Fierce, it is hard to tell if she can really pull it off. That unfortunately is not the case with her latest single, Sweet Dreams, the 6th single from the album. The song tries going into a more dance rhythmic R&B style, but the feeling of the song just honestly hit the nail on the head. It just really wasn't a very strong song, and felt like it was just a bit too much of the same from her music as was the case with the lackluster Diva. I really hope Beyonce's next record doesn't have a song like this one that felt like it was a crash and burn.		Song: D
1,This was a free track, but I haven't listened to it more than once. Guess it just isn't my thing.
1,the title of this song sums it all up. bye bye bye as in good riddance to n suck !	You will not be missed.
1,This song would not play on my cloud on my computer, wouldn't play on my phone. I emailed customer service about it and never heard back. I don't have a problem playing any other song... just this one. This is one of my favorite songs too so I am bummed. Im not going to fight to much for it though since it is only a dollar!
1,THE DOVES ARE STILL CRYING FROM THE SOUND OF TI!!!
1,This is a beautiful piece of classical music. YoYo Ma's does a beautiful job of playing the piece on his cello. I would have given it five stars, but Amazon's MP3 file is truncated near the end. I have downloaded the file more than once and both copies were truncated. Not having ever heard this piece before, I can't say whether this abrupt ending is intentional or not. If any one else is familiar with this piece let me know and I will correct this review.		As a side note, Amazon does not make it very easy to report a defective MP3 download. In the case of this tune I believe the copy on their server is defective. I have submitted a complaint to their help desk. We shall see what happens. I have asked Amazon to either offer a corrected full version, or refund my 99 cents.
1,ex husband hacked into account and ordered them. No idea how it is working.
1,just OK
1,5-star songs are *typically* the only songs that make it into my library.  Except for this one...I'm not really sure where it came from and I'm not too crazy about it.  With that said, I could tell you that Amazon reviews are a wonderful tool, but make little sense when it comes to music. Music is a personal thing.  It would be much more beneficial to just listen to the sample that Amazon provides and judge it for yourself.  Granted it is only a 30 second sample, but that is generally enough time to explore new bands and get a feel of their music, or make sure that a song you are about to purchase is the right version.  If you want to listen to a sample, simply hover over the track you are interested in, and press the play button.
1,This song is atrocious and beyond boring as can be.  Green Day, what on earth are you thinking?  This is the worst direction imaginable that you could go.  You have become a sell out band, but please DO NOT make it official.  You are among the most popular non-sell-out bands around, I'd hate to see you claim the title of a sell out like Metallica did with Load.  Please Billie Jo, I am begging you as a long time fan, please, please go back to your earlier days or your American Idiot days.  Something, anything, just not this!!!
1,I bought the first one of David Miller's 'Best of Meditation", liked it and decided on this one which is almost exactly like the first one with the same music. So I feel like he tricked me into buying the same thing twice.
1,Cheap Thrills is a cheap song that only hit #1 because her label and/or Sia were so thirsty for a #1 hit that they had it discounted to 69cents for like 6 months and added Sean Paul to the remix to give Sia that "hip factor." Notice that the song was gaining no traction whatsoever back in February, when it was first announced as a single and the remix was first released. Then, the discount pricing took effect around March, and suddenly people had an interest in the song. Coincidence? I think not.
1,Total garbage.  I've never heard such trash.
1,hello,	  the title sounded great, but the song was not.  even if it was free, it was one of those songs that gets deleted after a few seconds. sorry...yrmv
1,Downloaded just fine.  Not sure what else to say about an mp3 purchase other than I didn't like the song and it works just fine.
1,there is no reason for me to be excited to listen to music. it is not caring to certain individuals and
1,This track wasn't worth the price paid: It was free!
1,After numerous delays and lots of hype, Lil Wayne finally gives us The Carter 3 and I must it's a huge disappointment. Lil Wayne raps lazy through half the tracks and the hunger he displays on his numerous guest appearances is only present on two or three tracks while the rest of the tracks are mediocre at best which is surprising since the CD features production from Cool & Dre and Kanye West. Lil Wayne is no where near being the best rapper alive and after this mess of a CD he needs to back to the drawing board. If you want real hip hop then check out Kidz In The Hall or Little Brother and not this trite garbage.
1,The first 5 minutes will help put you a sleep. BUT, if you can't sleep, the music is much repetitive. Almost to boring!!
1,Lightweight Jordin Sparkes is lacking soul. Maybe she'll grown into a soulful voice. I was glad to hear a gospel gem done by the late Whitney Houston. It showed  that she still had a sizeable vocal ability of her former range. After listening to the remakes on this CD for the re-make movie of "Sparkle", I went back to play good old Aretha's 1976 studio joint. Miss Franklin really put it down. She had the advantage from being from the '60s era depicted in the 1976 film. Rather than use the vocals of the actors (Irene Cara, Lonette McKee) in that film, music producer, Curtis Mayfield  collaborated with "ReeRee" and put it out to chart and sell records. The record they did still holds up against this half-baked attempt. I hope the upcoming film re-make fairs better. NOT!
1,Even if you ignore the lyrics, this track is just unpleasant to listen to and incredibly repetative. I enjoy a couple of her other songs, but this is a special kind of awful, especially for a christmas song.
1,even as a freebie, this was a total & complete waste of my time to listen to. fit only for the trash.
1,Discovered that I can't stand her voice. Only plays in Amazon app or on mp3 player; not compatible with Apple products.
1,was on prime but taken off
1,Embedded DRM prevents burning Amazon.com downloaded MP3 to a CD. Digital player only.  I do not recommend these downloads for this reason.
1,When it has came down to Mariah Carey, she hasn't been able to strike that nail on the head with her music lately. The songs on her latest album, Memoirs Of An Imperfect Angel have been very weak, from start to finish, and haven't been able to click to fans as much as her prior records. Her first single from her album, Obsessed, feels a bit overdone. It honestly is a very weak and dormid song for Mariah, compared to her more upbeat R&B and Pop hits from her earlier records, like It's Like That and Honey. I wasn't as impressed at all. I think Mariah needs to find a better sound for herself as a whole for her next album, because it just isn't really the obsession her fans should've gotten. Hopefully, Mariah will do much better in Precious when it does come out next month.		Song: D+
1,It sounds like she is saying "We found love in a homeless place" Cannot believe garbage gets airplay (but then again, 98 percent of what is getting mad airplay is just complete caca)
1,Not westcoast rap !! Snoop sounds refreshed as he did on Bush,Eminem did well,Kdot did well,other than that only other song that remotely sounded like Dre was Talking to my Diary!! Not a gud album not even average! !
1,This is some very classic praise jesus music right here.  In general I think that the singer has a beautiful voice but it isn't my kind of song.
1,Terrible song...horrible filthy lyrics! NOT for children. Parents do NOT buy or let your children listen to this song. It has the c word in it MULTIPLE times...I have counted how many times but it is at least 20 to 40 times the c word is said in the song. Every time "peacock" is said she means the word without the "pea" in front of it. I repeat do NOT let your children listen to this! The song is about a woman who craves a man's private parts and is mesmerized by the size of it. DO NOT let your children listen to this! This song is in the movie Katy Perry Part of Me DO NOT let your children watch that movie! The C word is said multiple times since part of this song is in the movie! It has a fake PG review since the person who rated the movie clearly did not pay attention to the movie, the movie is actually rated R. And do NOT let your children watch R rated movies.
1,No good
1,i did not buy this so not sure why i'm asked to rate it.. Can someone explain why i have to rate it as a purchase I made?
1,Seeing all the pictures of Jackie with this wacked out brother of hers is just sickening. Five years of following someone's career wasted by a lunatic brother called Jacob Evancho and her lunatic family. This song is absolute crap as is the video. Jackie had a nice voice but she does nothing to improve it and now she loses her mind with her wacko brother. Never buy anything from these lunes.
1,dontit like song
1,This tune is okay but it isn't destined to be a classic. I got this one during a buying spree and use it as a filler for burning discs, I could have been more selective but its okay.
1,I have an acquaintence named Flo, and the title seemed to fit her perfectly . . . I wasn't thrilled, but, since it was free, it was woth the price . . .
1,I will no longer purchase downloadable music from Amazon or its associated vendors. Even on a brand spanking new computer they won't download, or on the opposite end, download 3 or 5 times. If I can't count on getting what I want, what's the use in trying to purchase it here?
1,It downloaded twice.  I called for credit.  They told me they had issued the credit but when I went to use my account again I notice I had not been issued the credit for this item.
1,Barely hear the song, had to max the volume
1,Beyonce' had her day in the sun...now she, Jay-Z, and Kanye should just take their money and get out of the business. All their recent music pales in comparison to their releases from years gone by...boring, unimaginative and lame like her last album. Stick it!
1,If you are looking for a good song to download, you might as well X out of this and look for something else. Seriously, They could've been one of those electro-pop bands I listen to, and this is the best they could do? This song was fun to listen to during the olympics, so I say I would give it two stars. After all, there's better songs than this.
1,I am giving it two stars because it isn't the absolute worst that gets played on the radio here in South Florida. It seems like there's an accordion in the song that remind me of Mexican music like LOS BUKIS(although my wife tells me it's Portuguese). BTW, trust me, this isn't the best representation of Brazilian music out there(check out Jobim or Os Mutantes). I always pictured a bunch of Mexicans singing it and dancing around to it~lol
1,I selected  this rating because I wanted to be fair. The music is off don't sound like the original beat. These are good song but the beat to these songs are off.	No; I would not recommend this to my friend.
1,Some how ended up paying for 2 downloads...
1,Muddy, blurry are just two of the words to describe how this was recorded.  I thought there was something wrong with my speakers.  Nope - the vocals throughout the entire CD are like this.  How could they even think this was a good enough to release?		Granted, it was recorded in 1986.  The technology was available to record vocals correctly.  It sounds like they held a microphone up and hoped for the best.		The reason I gave it two starts vice one is that the song choice was pretty good and the band sounded ok considering.  Again - horrible vocal recordings.  Save your money.
1,family member downloaded for their mp3
1,Just ok,not really my style. Some songs should not be messed with too much and think this one was overdone
1,I love The Birthday Massacre. I have been a fan for a few years now since I first heard of the band on a Cleopatra records compilation. Their song "Video Kid" was what got me hooked on the band. 4 or 5 years later, I find myself not saying that about the band's latest effort Pins & Needles. I never have been so disappointed in a band until now. Pins & Needles lacks the addictive pop hooks or originality that made me fall in love with them to begin with. I also found a few songs on the new album to be regurgitation of songs like "Red Stars" and "Looking Glass" from their previous full length album. Not very original IMO. I really did want to like Pins & Needles but sadly I did not nor can I recommend it either. I'll take the new Cylab and Unter Null cds over the new TBM cd any day.
1,I was a cashier on Junior's 4th floor shoes at Macy's Herald Square in Manhattan.  I had mad fun, actually working at my favorite department store.  There was this playlist that played nonstop.  This was one of the tunes on it. Sean Paul is mad fine.  A spanish guy from Jamaica.  Dancehall had come in style since I was a high school student.  One of the names mentioned in the song is "Rebekah," that's me, which is why I love it.  "Rebekah, Joanna, Donna, Annabella, and Jodi."  These are the names of the sexy women he mentions in "Get Busy."  I don't know if "Kana Kana" counts as a name.	The beats in "Get Busy" are pretty fast, terribly abrupt, and choppy. There is that syncopated constant short clap beat throughout the song in addition to that daydream um....sound.  He rhymes pretty fast.  Jamaican patwa is quick.  He says, "it's all good girl," making it a feel good song.  Sean Paul is good peoples!
1,This is not my type of musci was pruchased for someone as a gift
1,This is not old school, It is for the young and energy driven. Good dance music not just for listening.
1,2 out of 11 were keepers.
1,I don't know where all these songs went...	There gone.
1,I went into listening to this cd thinking I would hear Snoop Dogg and instead I heard a male Miley Cyrus. This cd was terrible!! If you are expecting Doggy Style or The Masterpiece or The Blue Carpet Treatment, you will be disappointed. This cd is full of pop songs, all about nothing. There are no songs about weed, 64s, gangsta sh&t, hood issues, etc. The edgiest song deals with a grrrl's big b00ty and he doesn't even use the word @$$ to describe it. This was a huge let down. Clearly it is the worst offering by Snoop he has ever put out. Avoid this cd at all costs!
1,This must have been a freebie from Amazon because I didn't purchase it or pay for it, but it is in my account. Listened to it, and nope, I didn't like it at all. Spouse listened to it, and agreed with me.
1,music sucks because i dant like it and there is no need at all to listen to music. no music.
1,I bought this one and was horrified to find it was not the original version.  I was devastated to say the least.
1,*Deep sigh* This is exactly what I knew would happen. Once I heard Yelawolf's album last year I told everyone the Slaughterhouse album would be just as messed up as "Radioactive" was, and I was right. This is not the same Slaughterhouse we heard three years ago. I guess I can start with the petty things like the cover art. It looks like a stoned toddler went and had fun on Photoshop for the first time. That cover is awful. Ok, time for the music.		When "The Slaughter" starts it gets you real hyped. By the time it ends you expect the next song to come and hit hard, but it doesn't. It's some wannabe introspective track, and Royce couldn't even get through the first verse on the album without mentioning Eminem. It disgusts me. I had the same issue with their mixtape "On The House." They can't stop themselves from bringing this dude's name up as much as possible. The man is washed up, stop acting like he's still on top.		Throughout the album it's one song after the next and they all feel lifeless. Each one feels longer than the one before it, and it's just boring. It's obvious they tried to take the commercial route with songs like "Throw That," "My Life," "Throw It Away" & "Park It Sideways." Those are hands down the worst songs on the album. There are some songs like "Rescue Me" that could have been dope, but it wasn't necessary to have all four of them spit a verse. That song would've been fantastic with just Crooked I and Joe Budden because they both spit amazing verses.		Overall Joell Ortiz surprised me the most. Lately it's felt like his heart wasn't fully in it, but a good chunk of his verses on here aren't bad. Royce had to be the most annoying. And I hate to say something like that because I love Royce, but he just sounds so full of himself now. Crooked I did what Crooked I does best and was definitely the most consistent with his verses. Joe Budden's presence felt almost nonexistent and the verses he did drop were very bland.		The guest artists weren't anything special either. On the main album Eminem appears on two songs and appears on one of the bonus cuts. Skylar Grey appears on two songs and Busta Rhymes, Swizz Beatz, and Cee Lo Green each make an appearance. Luckily most of the guests only provided hook support except Em on track two and B.o. B on one of the bonus songs.		As far as the bonus tracks go they really don't lend anything to the main album. All they really do is drag the album on longer. They could have stopped the album after "Goodbye" and it probably would've been fine. "Asylum" has a really dope concept and the verses are pretty dope, but they all did a whisper flow which brought it down. For the most part the production is nice, but there were some beats that were really annoying.		Standout Songs: "Hammer Dance," "Flip A Bird" & "Goodbye"		Overall Score: 4/10 - This is disappointing. Even though I was expecting this to happen, I didn't want to believe it. I used to run around screaming "SLLLLAAAAAUUUGHTERHOUSSSEEE!" but I guess that's over now. Hopefully they get their act together on the next album. Stop trying to appeal to the masses and make a real follow up album.
1,recorded by her but at a much later age without the orginal arrangement.  It was revealed but in very small print.
1,ok
1,normally I like the BBC National Orchestra of Wales, normally I like TV music. I love Dr Who as a series. I figured what could possibly go wrong, I listened to the quick demo, I paid for it...ugh. this is NOT what aired at the Proms, and its not what plays in the show, they've edited and as the Brits would say, bolluxed it all up. delete the middle, that'll make it all better.
1,When it has came down to it, we honestly haven't seen many strong cover songs lately. Considering so many R&B acts have been just taking instead samples like Ciara with Never Ever sampling If You Don't Know Me By Now. So for Avant it might feel like a breath of fresh air covering a classic R&B twist on the classic light moods of the 80's classic hit Sailing by Christopher Cross. Sadly, I really didn't feel the sense of comfort in the way Christopher had carried for so many years. It isn't as strong of a cover, as was the case with recent covers like Beyonce's remake of Etta James hit At Last. Still, I would've liked to have heard more sailing away from Avant. Hopefully, if Avant comes out with a better cover song, I'll get a better listen.		Song: D+
1,song
1,So where are Tell Me, Mother's Little Helper, Dandelion, 2000 Light Years From Home, Play With Fire???????  With 50 songs to choose from cannot fathom how they could miss these classics?!?!  Especially when they have selections like We Love You and Little Red Rooster?????  Are you kidding me?????  Who is the idiotic fool who put this mess together???  Ridiculous!!!
1,annoying
1,Not as good as I thought it would be it was much better in the movie!!! If I had it to do all over again I would buy another version of it or just spotify one!!!
1,It's okay if artists want to change their sound sometimes, if they didn't they might get bored. But this album is awful. Notice how she never did pop again?
1,you only get half of the song, when jackson brown did it, it included Stay , someone needs to fix as that is what makes the song.
1,I cannot like it even less.  It is not a good rendition of the beautiful song that we are used to.  Awful
1,its ok
1,polished turd...I hear this every now and then in an elevator or a department store alongside Lady In Red, She's Like The Wind and other inoffensive eighties cheese pop
1,Hard to hear the music over the annoying sound effects.
1,This womans voice is like fingernails on a chalkboard.  She is horrible and cannot sing.
1,I didn't order this
1,Everything about this album was bad, except for the singer's voice, which isn't great, but isn't bad. The songs are wimpy with mediocre to poor lyrics and melodies. Don't be fooled by the 30-second snippets on Amazon. This is not a good album. I listened a couple times and threw it in the trash.
1,Not bad.
1,I have uneven feelings about Jazmine Sullivan's sophomore effort, Love Me Back.	The current standard of laptop-style production sounds cheesey  when paired with Sullivan's superior vocal ability. A live studio recording session with real musicians seems more suited for  her misguided and under-used talents. Just on the heels of her 2009 CD Fearless, this release is a rushed ill-conceived effort. It pales in comparison to her CD debut. I think more time should have been devoted in the development of this project.	The two single releases off this project, the Grammy nominated, "Going In Circles" and "10	Seconds" are the best  tracks. I also favor "Redemption" for its' vocal arrangement and storytelling elements. It should be considered as third single release.  But, Sullivan's duet with the popular Ne-Yo is likely to be the third single to garner heavy rotation radio airplay. That song really gets on "my damn nerves, damn nerves"!	Too often today's music results in good voice presented with bad material. I hope Sullivan's future	projects will be more creative with time invested. This incomplete and rushed sophomore CD could've been great. But, it is just OK.
1,ok
1,This is NOT a piece of music.		It is only used for tuning up an orchestra or instrument.		Unless you want to tune your musical instrument, DO NOT DOWNLOAD.		All this is is a single tone, DO NOT DOWNLOAD.
1,Not worth the price: this digital download was free!
1,this is not the original it is a remake probably for some legal ownership reasons or some such bull. Complete crap. sorry i dowloaded it without listening first. i feel ripped off!
1,Oh please, this girl is NOT rock.  If this WAS rock, I'd shoot myself.	Lame, crap, garbage, total worthless piece of junk.  Disgusting.
1,she is a cute cookie cutter act.  all about that bass is catchy and she obviously understands a hook and a groove however the material which is somewhere between karoke  Britney Spears and Connie francis and  it feels middle of the familiar road. and the only  deluxe edition she should have out on her first album should be around a burger king. she ain't got that intresting of an album to have a deluxe edition. talk in a few albums and we shall see.
1,When it has came down to what Lady Gaga has had in music, it has honestly been more of a lukewarm than a driven reception. I was definitely not thrilled with the material so far she has laid out for the Artpop record. Her collaboration with R. Kelly on Do What U Want was really a weak and not strong spot in her works. So is the lead single from the album Applause. It definitely was one song that felt like a boom at first with so many of Gag's little monsters, but instead made itself become a bust in voice. The song doesn't ignite in the way Love Game and Born This Way did. Overall, I really didn't feel Lady Gaga gave it her all enough to make even more applause than she already has in her music. Is it worth checking out and downloading? Maybe, if there was more applause to it.		Song: D+
1,This Christmas album is beyond painful, beyond wretched: it's simply and completely unlistenable. Providing saccharine settings for the gurgling croak and the gravelly wheeze of a lifelong smoker pretty much defines the word "ill-conceived." Since he's one of the greatest songwriters ever, and since he's donating his profits from this album to good causes, I may forgive Dylan someday, but first I'll have to somehow forget hearing Santa Claus dragged over the coals and the Little Drummer Boy strangled and the Herald Angels scream. Do you hear what I hear? Then plug your ears! What could they have been thinking when they recorded this disgraceful dreck?		I'll give this much to the CD: it's given Amazon reviewers the opportunity to sharpen their wit and lavish the music with the caustic comments it deserves. Allow me to quote a few of them: "He makes Tom Waits sound like Perry Como." "It's enough to make the most devout Christian consider atheism. Giving this two stars. One for each of Bob's tar-filled lungs." "If I were a little kid, I'd run and hide my head under the pillow rather than listen. Actually, I may do that myself." "Perhaps a better name for the album would have been 'Your Crazy Uncle Gets Drunk at the Family Christmas Party and Starts Singing.'" "This collection of Christmas cacophony causes me to cringe. Forced to sit through it again I might very well have to hang myself by the chimney with care." "Knocks William Shatner out of first place for most embarrassing vocal performance ever." "Farcical at best and just plain creepy at worst."		Had enough? I think not. You may still be considering a purchase, so permit me to present a few more carefully chosen words of warning: "Just listening curdles my innards." "Possibly the worst album ever recorded." "Like being sucker punched at a birthday party." "An album of Christmas music that could be used to interrogate detainees at Guantanamo Bay." "Jesus Christ, I feel like climbing up on a cross after one listen." "Everyone involved in performing, producing, and distributing this monstrosity should be jailed for assault." "Sounds like karaoke at a nursing home." "Sounds like a cross between Joe Cocker and a chainsaw." "Sounds as if he's been gargling with old razor blades." "Sounds like he's singing through a tracheotomy." "Sounds like Swamp Thing with a cold." "Dylan ruins Christmas."		Please, please, please: listen to a few of the flabbergasting, nausea-inducing audio clips before you buy. And then don't. Give all the money you would have spent on this abomination to charity and, if you're religious, pray that Bob doesn't make any more albums like this one.
1,Sorry, the lyrics it begins with just aren't for me. I did however momentarily at first enjoy the opening music.
1,This is a horrid version of an amazing single. Remixes are supposed to be improvements on songs, also, this should specify whether it is the radio version of the song or the remix. I would never have bought this version.
1,Just ok. This is like listening to an unknown ok pianist. Nothing special or inspiring here. Skip it this time.
1,It won't play this song on my mp3 player! frustrating! I never would have bought it anyway, at least it was free. but still it is frustrating. I ended up just deleting it from my player, it simply wouldn't work. :(
1,music just really suck because there is really no need to listen to it at all. no music is better than music.
1,This song doesn't do much for me.  It was requested by a client.
1,good
1,I was really excited for this album.  After the self titled album I thought they'd found their way, but I was wrong. this sounds like a more piano driven version of something Geoff Tate would do except his vocals would be awful.  It has all the trademarks of his work over the past decade and a half; a bunch of ballads, slow uninteresting and forgettable music, no hooks, no particular tone nor emotional connection to the listener, no consideration as to what the fans would want to hear, bad lyrics.  I may be forgetting something but you get the idea.		Ok so what's wrong with this album?  Well for starters there's NOTHING memorable about this album.  It's seriously painful to try to listen to front to back when there's absolutely nothing catching my attention.  There are a bleep ton of ballads.  The album has to be a minimum of half ballads if not more.  Now look Dream Theater has some amazing ballads in their catalog, usually an exception rather than the rule especially once Kevin More left but still they've had some amazing ones, but none of these are on the same level as any of those classic songs and frankly they haven't written a great ballad in a long time, a couple decent ones over the past decade but none have been great.  Then there's the whole rock opera thing.  I guess that's a genre some people like but I absolutely hate it, though in fairness this is my first and it's exactly what I think of when I hear the term.  Another reviewer already stated some of this music sounds like Disney music and it so does especially the overly bubbly happy chorus to one of the few semi better constructed songs on disc 1, towards the end but I forget its name.		What happened to the song structures?  Dream Theater use to be a band that would give you an album of 7 to 9 songs clocking in at about 75 minutes.  I'll admit some of those songs could use some trimming especially on Train of Thought, but that's the style most fans have gotten use to, and there'd be something incredible on every album.  Not here.  We get a bunch of 3 and 4 minute, at most, songs with several 1 and 2 minute tracks thrown in there, and they don't even construct them properly.  Take a 3 1/2 minute song they'll have a 1 1/2 minute intro and leave about 2 minutes to dedicate to the actual song, if it ever gets going.		This album is also a heavily Jordan featured album.  I've said it before he's the worst thing to ever happen to Dream Theater.  I hate the man as a musician with everything that I am.  I'm tired of his circus music, boring piano pieces and nonsensical and unnecessary contributions to the band.  He was fine on Scenes from a Memory and hit and miss on 6 Degrees but he's been awful ever since.  I really hope these guys don't become the new 1999-2012 Queensryche cause while I enjoyed making fun of them it really came from a place of sadness, witnessing a once great band become a waste of anything involved in the making, producing and listening to  of any of their albums. I don't want that to become these guys.		Already this is the worst album of 2016 for me.  I don't care what else is released.  Already this year we've had albums by Megadeth-a good album, and Primal Fear-so so but better than this.  This thing is seriously so bad I listened to Kiss after, mother you know what KISS!!  That's how terible this is that anything Kiss has ever done, even their most silly cheesy uninteresting or over the top song is still better than this trash.  I would rather listen to In Flames's Siren Charms.  Yes it's an awful attempt at mainstream radio rock from a band that shouldn't attempt it but it had 2 good songs and wasn't 2 discs and over 30 tracks.  heck the bonus tracks were even ok.  Heck I'd rather listen to Q2k, Mindcrime 2, and American Soldier many times over before hearing this again.  Heck even Dedicated to chaos had 1 ok song.		There's absolutely nothing on here that's any good.  3 songs; A Better Life, A Life Left Behind and Moment Of Betrayal are ok as in if they were the weakest songs on an album of actual good songs they'd be worth listening enough that you wouldn't need to skip them.		Oh and this is really a John Petrucci solo album not a Dream Theater album, much like Q2k-Dedicated to chaos are Geoff Tate solo albums.  this isn't good and no one should ever have this in their collection for nay reason EVER.  But listen to it before you buy it. If you like it then by all means get it but be sure to listen to the whole thing first.		Oh and Def Leppard's self titled album is also better which is just sad.  If you want a good prog metal album pick up anything by Symphony X especially their 2 most recent albums.  Now that's a band that can show off their talent and write good songs.		In closing this album makes me angry.  It shouldn't I suppose but it does.  This is one of the worst albums I've ever heard a band I like put out and I won't support this garbage.
1,song
1,Vanilla Ice came to the forefront of rap with a great song. Too bad he didn't stay there with later offerings not up to par with this.
1,this  cat has  legit talent, however his material  is about  as  tasty as ex lax.  i mean i have seen him on tv singing  and playing drums,etc.. however his talent doesn't get to fully compliment him in the studio. instead he be on that lounge happy hour  sleepy time  feel. no changes or real tone or feel on this set.
1,GOOD
1,Stop already.
1,Two Trailer Park Girls song... nostalgia
1,Using a hook singer to push a single is nothing new in the hip hop genre, some time the results are successful, such  as the classic Ghostface Killah & Carl Thomas song Never Be The Same of disastrous  the Lloyd Banks & Musiq Soulchild track Addicted from Bank's second album . Last spring  rising hip hop artist  B.O.B. had a smash hit with the Bruno Mars assisted Nothing On You from B.O.B., Mars followed up that song with a equally successful single the Travie McCoy late summer hit Billionaire. On the heels of a possible jail sentence, we now have Bruno Mars debut album. Unlike hook singers Bruno decided to release his album while the iron was hot.	1. Grenade - This is a rock influenced song where Bruno's vocals seem to go with beat very naturally. Mr. Mars even sings some of the riffs similar to the late MJ. *** out of ****	2. Just The Way You Are - The lead single which is straight bubble gum pop. I'm a grown man so this song didn't really appeal to me but once again the vocals are good. *** out of ****	3. Our First Time - I was waiting for a slow jam from Mr. Mars and this is one of the few on the CD. The arrangement reminds me of something that Robin Thicke would do. **** out of ****.	4. Runaway Baby - As I soon as I heard the production on the song, I knew I wouldn't like it. Bruno gives one of his worst vocals on this track and it sounds like something Ricky Martin would have done back in 1999. * out of ****.	5. The Lazy Song - Listening to this track, I got the feeling Bruno just wanted to have a humorous song on his disc. Just as the title implies this is a lazy song. ** out of ****.	6. Marry You - I'm not really a rock fan but while listening to this song I did find myself tapping my feet and I could easily see this song being sung on an episode of Glee in a Will & Emma fantasy sequence. *** out of ****	7. Talking To The Moon - Finally we have a track on par with Our First Time. I could easily relate to the message in the song about being away from a loved one.	8. Liquor Store Blues (Feat. Damian Marley) - The production on this track was a little weak but the Damian Marley cameo saves it. *** out of ****.	9. Count On Me - Count Of Me is a folk inspired ballad similar to something Jason Marz might be. If he doesn't go to jail and with a great band backing him, this song will sound great live. ****	10. The Other Side (Feat Cee Lo Green & B.o. B) - The last song on the album gets some cool points since it's refreshing just to hear Cee Lo sing. *** out of ****		Overall this isn't a horrible debut album, it is a mediocre album.  I thought for sure that Bruno would go for a straight R&B album with top notch production, instead he's given us a Jason Marz sounding album.  Bruno has a naturally smooth falsetto voice and while he couldn't handle to other falsetto's singers like El Debarge or Ralph Tresvant, the weak production on this disc hurts Bruno more than it helps. Given that Bruno is a fan of doo-wop I have to wonder why he didn't enlist the production of Raphael Saadiq who had an amazing album with the Motown inspired The Way I See It . If Bruno wants to have a longer career in the music industry he'll need to come a little stronger next time or his career could end up like Nate Dogg's.
1,Did not purchase this book - so cannot review it.
1,Was downloaded but would never play. A few others I purchased the same day will not play either. But some do so who knows what's going on. I can only assume its the recordings. Waste of money and I'm afraid to purchase more music now not knowing if they'll work or not.
1,this song, at least to me stinks.  Had to delete from my cloud list.  People, please look at what I review as good, and you will see I like R&B, deft jamz, and harder rock.  This one for me at least, stinks.
1,Deleted from my files
1,I didn't want to use the credit card that got charged and it appears there is not process to change it after or during the purchase.
1,a freebe I could have skipped.
1,Another terrible pop song by Jackie. Of course if you enjoy watching a 16 year old fight with her video boyfriend this is for you.
1,VERY disappointed! :( As a lifelong Pink Floyd fan who has all their albums, DVDs, etc; I was hopeful that this would pick up where Division Bell left off...The artwork is very cool and the overall package is excellent as one would expect with a Pink Floyd offering. Sadly the 'music' is woefully disjointed and lacking inspiration, direction or even a theme, it really doesn't sound like Pink Floyd. I was hoping for a crowning achievement, their magnum opus; and instead, I just don't know.. I feel like I have lost a dear old friend, and the last time I saw them I barely recognized them - so I guess if you measure it that way, it's a success; but it's not something I will be playing again. :(
1,Even with the different instruments and style changing, this band still sounds exactly the same as they did in the beginning!  This is the main reason why this type of alternative music didn't last as most of the other bands in this same category have shown. It's a monotonousness sound, these 90's and 2000's alt bands good for a few albums and some hits but than everything from than on could be the same songs with different names! This genre of music has proven to be one of the disposable in music history!
1,Some creep stalked me and pointed out that I had written a few reviews for his Adam that he didn't agree with...so this is for my stalker...I hope you like this review. Adam is a potential talent but his taste in music is just not nearly as good as his voice. Thus this is another album that fails to deliver.
1,Eh
1,The sample made this song sound pretty good. It wasn't until I heard the entire song (after purchase) that I was disappointed. Don't get me wrong here.. the sound quality is very good, as well as the tempo (if you like Alternative/Indie Rock). It steers to religion and its not on my preference list
1,I could't open this song, tried all that I could do, I downloaded it twice from different album and I still couldn't open it.
1,Some remixes shouldn't be made. That is all
1,This was a second song that I wasted my money on because there was too much static on this mp3 track.
1,The whole point behind covering a song is to A) better the original or B) shake things up and make it different than the original. So when Rick Springfield announced that he was taking a break from songwriting and was recording a full album's worth of covers, made up of songs he'd always loved and wished he had written, I thought "Cool...this just might work!" Sadly, that's just not the case...THE DAY AFTER YESTERDAY is a tepid affair, with pretty much note-for-note arrangements of the original versions and weak, at times almost lazy, vocals. Now, I believe each and every one of us is entitled to their own opinion when writing a review like this, but I gotta be honest with you...I'm really shocked to read some of the die-hard fan's reviews stating that this CD captures and exhibits Springfield's true talents. Believe me, in MY opinion, none of the vocal nuances, emotions or guitar wizardry that was evident on his last two releases (1999's KARMA and last year's powerful SHOCK/DENIAL/ANGER/ACCEPTANCE) are anywhere to be found on this latest CD. Things kick off with a gauzy version of 10CC's "I'm Not In Love." I'm sure Springfield's breathy lead vocal is supposed to represent pain and anguish but, in the end, it just comes across as over the top. And don't even get me started on how silly and dated the "Big boys don't cry" lyric sounds 30 years down the line! (Though the "I keep your picture/Upon the wall/It hides a nasty stain/Just lying there/So don't you ask me/To give it back" still packs a wallop!). Things continue along the same path with "Under The Milky Way", "Life In A Northern Town" and "Broken Wings." Oh, sure, "Under...." has some nice acoustic guitar work, while there's a genuine earnestness to Springfield's vocal on "....Town" but, ultimately, each track - particularly the last two - collapses under the weight of various wrong turns (length and an over-blown chorus for "Town", an awful vocal arrangement and truly dated vibe for "Wing"). No, things don't really kick in until the fifth cut, the ethereal "Human." Springfield not only manages to capture the pain of the original, he builds on and betters it. All the elements that made this a hit over twenty years ago are still there (a true testament to the writing genius of Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis!), but thee's also a freshness and vulnerability that reverberates throughout the track. My only complaint....the cheesy pseudo-British female backing vocal (used two or three times too many throughout the disc!); I think the track would have had even more puch if Springfield had instead asked a fellow 80's survivor (say, Martha Davis, Terri Nunn or Pat Benatar) to join him. "Holding On To Yesterday" starts out with a nice, sultry groove, but then the horns kick in and the histrionic lead vocal sends the whole thing over and off the deep end. Moving in any number of directions, this is a song that ultimately spins out of control, not sure which course it wanted to take. "Baker Street" is another track that (sadly) fizzles. Yes, the sizzling guitars and wailing sax are intoxicating, but that's nothing new....they were 25+ years ago when Gerry Rafferty first released the song. You can't better it, you can't improve upon it, you certainly can't change it.....so why even try?!? All I can think of is Rick wanted to (re)introduce a classic to his younger fans...if that's the case, good for him! "Waiting For A Girl Like You" might have been a nifty left-field choice to include on SHOCK/DENIAL/ANGER/ACCEPTANCE, but here it just seems very run-of-the-mill. It's at this point that things picked up for me on the disc...not knowing much about Blue Nile, Westlife and Lizz Wright, their tracks almost seemed like new, original material to me. Couple that with a Beatles track and a John Lennon cut, plus the sole Springfield original, and you have many of the strongest moments on THE DAY AFTER YESTERDAY. "Let's Go Out Tonight" has a smokey, sexy quality to it, with some beautiful sax snaking in and out and a plaintive lead vocal coaxing the listener in. Add some delicate keyboards and muted percussion and you have the disc's best track. Covering the Beatles is always tough, but you just have to plug your nose and jump in feet first, and that's what Springfield does on "For The One." Much like "Human", he honors the original, but manages to put his own spin on things, making it sound fresh, contemporary and, most importantly, like it was one of his own. There's an understated quality to "Miss You Nights" that's both captivating and mesmerizing....the arrangement is thoughtful and uncluttered, while Springfield's vocal both soars and swirls. Another winner! "Blue Rose" is absolutely elegant, with a raspy, yet sincere, lead vocal and a jazz club combo-vibe to the arrangement...piano, guitar, drums and (especially!) sax all come together brilliantly. "Cry" is the disc's lone original cut, a powerful track that could have easily fit on S/D/A/A. With it's soaring lead vocal and thoughtful lyrics ("You've got to cry/And surrender to it tonight/Time alone/Won't heal your wounds/It just makes you numb"), it's yet another strong number. Things wrap up with "Imagine", a VERY tough song to cover (I mean, c'mon, it's JOHN LENNON's signature song!)....let's just say, Springfield doesn't embarrass himself. Unfortunately, that can't be said about THE DAY AFTER YESTERDAY as a whole....after two very strong releases, this disc is a definite step -or two!- backwards for Rick Springfield (Normally, I would also be docking the disc another half a star for not including the lyrics, but I know acquiring the publishing rights to a disc's worth of cover tunes could be costly, so I'll waive that rule here).
1,not my kind of music
1,I love JB's first few albums, but his last 3 albums have been total garbage.  I didn't think it was possible to get a worse record than the laughable Naked Ride Home, but this is even worse than that piece of manure.  Terrible songs with no melody what so ever... and the lyrics are even worse!  Avoid at all costs!!
1,I wouldn't download this piece of dung if they were giving away free digital downloads of it! Always hated this song...the other day, it was being played at work and I felt like jumping out the window or at least leaving the building for a breath of fresh air.
1,I was in my early teens at the time when I first saw the video.  I just thought this song was really cool.
1,the part of me part sounds like a rip off to chicago's if you leave me now.	Hear it for yourself. A lawsuit is coming your way katy.
1,I couldn't open the file the first time so I even downloaded twice and it still wouldn't  open.  Left me frustrated and unsatisfied.
1,It is a great song but I do not remember the extra sound effect features that are in the biginning of the song and through out the song.  I tried to order from another album, but had the same effects.  Not like the original I remember.
1,This is so awful I cannot take it. It is like I want to be James Hetfield playing pop music. Every song sounds the same in every verse ends with a James Hetfield gararrrr.
1,NOT my taste in music!!  Too "punk" type music!!  Very disappointing to me!!
1,ex husband hacked into account and ordered them. No idea how it is working.
1,When all have failed you or shown true love which is God, remember they can't give what they don't have. NOt great and powerful
1,This song is pretty horrible. Ripped off the ol Dead Or Alive tune. This song is the aural equivalent of when you eat hot wings and then go have a bowel movement that hurts yer butt
1,the cost is too high the return on investment too low and vastly over rated in my mind. Nothing more to say.
1,I love the song. However it NEVER downloaded and therefore I have paid for nothing. I don't like beimg ripped off. There is nowhere to lodge a complaint so I'm  doing it here.
1,When it has came down to Rihanna, she has clearly shown that she has made some very poor choices with her life. Not just with her music, but going back to the man who physically abused her right before the Grammys in 2009, Chris Brown, has made her even worse as a person, and a singer as well. Her latest song, Pour It Up, the second single from her lackluster Unaplogetic record, feels less than strong, and feels like it is a waste on the ears. I found it to be tiring, and shows a lack of real heart from her voice. I really found it to poor and more irritating than her last single Diamonds. I think Rihanna should take a break from her music, and find herself all over again, before she makes a new song.		Song: D
1,Awful! His voice is shot and the songs are recycled garbage from the past.  Avoid at all costs!!!
1,I truly and deeply love BA and his rock has shaped my world in so many ways! We have seen him in concert  twice in the past 2 years and it was AMAZING each time. His talent and passion is really beyond compare and there is so much love and rock living within his bones....it's just incredible to see.  Having said that, this album is totally like Roy Orbison meets Ringo Star with a Willie Nelson meets Flock of Seagulls twist.  Yep. There is some twang.		It's just not Bryan Adams that we all know and love.		Skip this one and go out and get vinyl versions of 11 or Reckless and keep on rocking.  Oh and DO go see him live. It's simply fantastic.
1,Pre-ordering a ZBB CD has always been a no-brainer.  I am totally devastated by this CD.  It sounds like the other 99.9% of concocted pop garbage that comes out nowadays.  Totally unbelievable.  The first track could pass for Justin Bieber.  Sounds effects, distortion ... Sounds like a Disney soundtrack featuring One Direction.  I'm all for branching out and crosses genres and exploring new territory.  But this is not new territory.  This is pop garbage grade A.  As my friend said, "I am going to pretend this CD never happened, and wake up tomorrow, waiting for the new Zac Brown Band CD to come out April 2016."
1,I don't know where all these songs went...	There gone.
1,Did not like this CD at all.  Sounds juvenile.  If I were 12 I might like it.
1,I didn't need two of the same songs.
1,Sounds like the background music for a horror film or a James bond film. I found it wanting on many levels. Too bad, they could have so much more with it.
1,There sometimes can be an artist that feels like an imitation of something else, or just make so many songs that feel like they are absolutely a waste of time. For Lady Gaga, she really hasn't done enough to seperate herself from the wannabe image. For her latest single, LoveGame from her debut album The Fame, feels like a bigger waste of time to listen to than her previous songs. It honestly felt like she was trying to catch a more upbeat vibe that felt like an imitation of songs that Britney Spears and others were already known for. I wasn't very impressed with the song it all. It felt like there was absolutely not enough pizazz for this love. I think she needs to find better songs than this particular game.		Song: D
1,Remastered, squashed, rearranged?		Did someone alter the space-time continuum?  Are we still in Vietnam?		Avoid this at all costs, and purchase "Turn Up The Radio" from album Sign In Please, below.
1,Embedded DRM prevents burning Amazon.com downloaded MP3 to a CD. Digital player only.  I do not recommend these downloads for this reason.
1,i do not like music and i will never listen to music i prefer peace and quiet. thta is all
1,Not my type of music. Downloaded by mistake
1,When it has came down to Katy Perry, she has really made some tacky and tasteless songs that haven't hit the nail on the head. Trying to follow-up California Gurls hasn't really been a big success. She did hit it with her fans on Roar, but several other songs haven't really been good. In fact they have been so awful, that she has run out of her vice and songs. Her last song Dark Horse was really terrible, and just showed that she was course at the heart of the matter. Birthday, the third single from her album Prism isn't really a strong song. It feels like Katy has run out of ideas and voice. I really didn't find the song to hit the nail on the head. Well, maybe she should take more time than rush herself and than she could bring out better birthdays to celebrate with her fans.		Song: D+
1,There honestly is no question about the lack of great songs on the radio out there. For Mariah Carey, she honestly has had a lot of lackluster songs that have really been in place on the radio. With the less-than-appealing scale of E=MC2, Mariah tries to deliver a darker song that loses its way heart and soul to the strength of what Mariah should honestly do. That is definitely the case with her latest single Obsessed, the first from her upcoming album Memoris Of An Imperfect Angel. The song is a far departure from the more upbeat and driven songs Mariah had been known for delivering. It really was made in regards against rapper Eminem for targeting Mariah and her husband Nick Cannon and their relationship. It honestly doesn't feel like a actual beef between the two of them, nor does Mariah score the way she used to. If you really must know, I enjoyed Whitney Houston's title track to her upcoming album I Look To You 10x more, and I absolutely recommend that as a must buy for your MP3 player over Obsessed. Mariah really needs to find better material for her music, otherwise she could windup having a huge flop on her hands. We'll see when Memoris Of An Imprefect Angel comes out in late September.		Song: D-
1,Mostly instrumental.
1,It's a decent album, the best song is Don't Leave Me.  Most of the album is way too similar to Tori Amos, if you have Tori's albums, not much point to buying this one.  And yes, admittedly, there are some elements of bad singing in small doses in some parts of some songs, nothing too overwhelming though.  Cool album cover.
1,This is NOT a piece of music.		It is only used for tuning up an orchestra or instrument.		Unless you want to tune your musical instrument, DO NOT DOWNLOAD.		All this is is a single tone, DO NOT DOWNLOAD.
1,Songs like this should be played on pop stations not on a rock station !	Way to go guys , your ruining metal , nice going and way overplayed.
1,I wouldn't have bought it.  Not bad. Not my favorite rendition of this song. Thanks for the free Christmas song, Amazon!
1,Ever wonder what Sting is singing about at the end of the song? ("Pi-ojo, Pi-ojo, Pi-ojo") The spanish translation of the word "Piojo" is  " flea" or may refer to  a pain, a bothersome person. So, every little thing she did may have been magic but A. Either this chick had fleas in her hair or B: she may have been considered a bothersome person...or C: Maybe this wasn't about a girl at all and Sting wrote it for his Cocker Spaniel. So the story behind the song is even more intruiging than the song itself, no thanks to the stereotypical FM playlists put together by the unimaginitive program directors at the 'so-called' classic rock stations.
1,I guess if you're a devil worshiper then this band is for you.
1,Wow, this got old quickly
1,Corny Country Love Song
1,ex husband hacked into account and ordered them. No idea how it is working.
1,Blah
1,recorded by her but at a much later age without the orginal arrangement.  It was revealed but in very small print.
1,Bret Michaels is a Diva!
1,Eh
1,remember these cool a$$ 1 hit wonders?? ha ha...one cool thing they did is play one of these horrible MTV VMA things and ended their set by inducing this great feedback noise. I guess they knew that they'd lucked out getting a song on the God forsaken FM playlist
1,It honestly doesn't really seem to amaze me on why there are a huge lack of strong songs coming out this past year, and with so many lackluster singers making really bad music that is worth going back to your own record collection. Ke$ha is unfortunately one of those artists whom really has shown that she absolutely doesn't know how to make a tune to call her own. That is sadly the case with nothing but gibberish from her voice. Her latest song, Blow, the second single from the wasted Cannibal, is absolutely worse than her last song We R Who We R. I really was absolutely not impressed with the song. It just was a waste of time, and Ke$ha is truthfully a real waste of a good artist. She really needs to grow up and find better songs to call her own. Her love is really just drugs and not good music.		Song: D
1,Error never ordered
1,"Honest Face" by Liam Finn and Eliza Jane sounded like an honest attempt to portray the shadowy side of human behavior. However, the instruments had so  much of a screechy sound and  the song was just too depressing (about a person who is scandalous but has an attractive and innocent face).  I accidently got stuck with this song when I was attempting to download the amazon mp3 feature for another musical track.  "Honest Face" is more for those who can look past the screeching sounds and listen to an indie rock anthem for womanizers and maneaters.
1,So corny that it is decent. Not my favorite, but sometimes on the road, it keeps me going.
1,i should  never listen to reviews.i love the killers..and  his voice but this is not that  exciting yet  listened once.. i give one more try ..fast service  though
1,When it has came down to Nicki Minaj, she just hasn't had the songs to show that she can sing, yet enough know how to rap. The songs that she had out there, feel more they are a kitten to the tiger that has been through other rappers like Eve for the past several years. That sadly is the case with Moment 4 Life, the thrid single from Nicki Minaj's album Pink Friday. I really thought the song was absolutely weak in voice, and honestly lacking heart in lyrics. I really wasn't even close to impressed with the song. Nicki should really re-think her songs and her drive in rap because it just really hasn't even came close in her songs. I honestly doubt her next single will even drive hard core either.		Song: D-
1,had forgotten I even ordered this until I started writing reviews for other purchases!! ugghhhh!!! 17 other songs this same comment. damn! since I don't remember them I most likely don't have a copy of the original order, where it was supposed to come from and too late to get the item or be refunded!! ugghhhh!!!
1,Being a fan of Drake when he first initially started in the music industry and seeing his progression as an artist has left me wondering if he really has anything left to offer both musically and artistically. I've caught a lot of buzz about this album through social media saying this album is great, but man this was just sad. Thank Me Later and Take Care were good albums, and Nothing Was the Same was decent, but this is just pure lazy music for Drake. For those who don't know, this album is labeled as a "mixtape" and should have been treated as such. A mixtape should not be sold for retail, it should be distributed as a free project to the masses which makes me want to ask Drake, "why not just call this an album?" If someone could give me a good example of an artist selling their mixtape online, please leave a comment below, because this is just ridiculous on Drake's part.		As an album running 17 songs (19 on the physical release) it is seriously a waste of time in my opinion. The beats are very generic, the lyrics are just about money, girls and fame... and the album cover just demonstrates the kind of effort Drake put into this project; ZERO. As a consumer of music, I believe that Drake is just exploiting his fan base at this point, and I can't believe the positive responses this project has been receiving lately. If you enjoyed this album, then that's your M.O., but as for me I am done with Drake at this point.
1,Unfortunately, listening to rain for this long does not calm me. It makes me want to check all of my windows to see if the rain comes in and it makes me want to pee!
1,This is ordered by mistake-was not what I wanted!
1,there is no need to listen to music at all. it is pure garbage nowadays and there is no ne
1,This song sucks. Every time I hear this song it makes me so mad. The beat of this song sucks. The trumpet solo is the worst thing about this song. Even when I think I'm not going to hear this crap on the radio, it suddenly comes on. Tell me, idiots who like this trash, what do you find amazing about this song? This song is utter trash. Don't listen to it.
1,It's a totally different version of the song than what was played in the mainstream media, which was the one I wanted. I found the one I wanted in their greatest hits.
1,This is NOT a piece of music.		It is only used for tuning up an orchestra or instrument.		Unless you want to tune your musical instrument, DO NOT DOWNLOAD.		All this is is a single tone, DO NOT DOWNLOAD.
1,Blacc Hollywood by Wiz Khalifa is his third studio album since his mainstream breakthrough. His last album ONIFC was a complete sleeper lacking the appeal of a big single, too many songs, and lazy and even sometimes boring production values. Wiz tries to right those wrongs by going back to what he did with his debut studio album, Rolling Papers, by adding more pop appeal and going for bigger songs. Unfortunately, it comes out with mixed results.	Let's get one thing straight. Wiz Khalifa is not an extremely talented rapper, his sluggish flow works for a very few number of beats, and his lyrics are extremely limited to weed, money, sex and more weed. This album does nothing to change that for Wiz. Like previous albums, he makes an attempt to change the formula by doing some crooning like on the big single "Staying Out All Night" with a big pop hook. It doesn't work out very well for him though. In fact, "Staying Out All Night" was the only real successful single here. The hook is catchy, and the verses work out well enough, though the lyrics are just as painful as ever.	He takes a whack at some other big songs like the lead single "We Dem Boyz" which is nothing short of absolutely painful. The beat is incredibly lazy, the hook might be the most unimaginative hook we've seen in a big song in recent memory, and the rapping is so far out of Wiz's league it's sad. Unfortunately they even decided to do a remix with Nas and Schoolboy Q, and they can't do anything to save it. We get close to successful singles with songs like "So High" and "Promises". But they both fall flat as well. "Promises" doesn't even get close to Khalifa's style, as it seems like it would have been a better fit with a Ty Dolla $ign mixtape. "So High" fails in the production category as well as the lyrics aspect of it. It's a boring R&B attempt, that has some absolutely pathetic rapping on Wiz's end.	The only songs here that even really get close to the "Staying Out All Night" standard are the songs "A** Drop" and "True Colors". "A** Drop" adds some much needed variety production wise, it doesn't really fit with the rest of the album but it's entertaining enough as is. "True Colors" might have a NIcki Minaj feature, but it's able to stay entertaining long enough with a pop friendly beat and a solid hook.	Blacc Hollywood is just not a good album. There isn't enough variety to keep it interesting for very long, the big songs are overshadowed by poor production and Wiz's lazy flow. Do yourself a favor and take a pass on this one.		FINAL SCORE: 4/10		Great:	Staying Out All Night	A** Drop	True Colors		Good:	KK	Raw	You And Your Friends		Okay:	Promises	House In The Hills	Hope		Meh:	Still Down	So High		Bad:	We Dem Boyz	We Dem Boyz (Remix)	No Gain	The Sleaze
1,It was an odd song...
1,When it has came down to Nicki MInaj and her worth in her music, its has been looked at being cheap, than strong in her own voice. Whatever it took to compile the music fr her album The Pink Print this past year, it honestly is not even worth the time or the money. Her collaborations have sincerely been less than strong for what she could come up with her own heart, and Only from The Pink Print is definitely no exception. The collaboration with Chris Brown, Lil' Wayne, and Drake does not even come close to igniting from the heart at all. Instead, it is weak for her, with what they do bring to the game. The song is haunting but lagging the essence in song. I think if Nicki really wants to have better for own work, she should do more with her collaborations to make it completely worth her weight in the diamond. Only really was a cheap song, and I sincerely do not recommend it.		Song: F+
1,I downloaded this on Amazon because it was free. I was hoping to find some good tracks on this album, I only found one that I actually kept on my computer - Turn Cold by Cut Off Your Hands. It's more upbeat however the vocals just don't sit completely right in my ears.
1,Not my thing... downloaded for a friend
1,Terrible!!!!
1,Yawwwwwwwwwwwwwn. What's the difference between this guy, Ja Rule and Puffy? Well, this guy has been shot more times, that's about it. In terms of what you get when you press play, they are xerox copies of each other. Hey, let's go ahead and do a couple of tribute albums to this guy!! He deserves it just as much as eminem, which received his first tribute cd when he had been releasing cd's for about as long as this guy has, which is about 1 year. Once again, I did try to endure going through this stuff. I just couldn't. Did anybody notice this guy barely moves his jaw and lips when he raps? That's why he gets such a boring, monotonous, mumbling kind of undecipherable vibe. Reminds me of super musical genius Ja Rule. Remember mr. J had to lyp-sync on the Mtv VMA's as he is unable to reproduce rapping live, which is not anymore difficult than normal conversational speech!! Amazing. If these are the idols of today's youth, we are doomed. People who think this is music have no idea whatsoever about what music is. None at all. Zero. Nada. Actually, less than zero. But, ignorance is bliss.  Hitting the "no" icon beneath this review because you are 50 fan and you THINK I am wrong is a stamp of approval - admitting that everything I have said are absolute truths. Go ahead, show us your ignorance. Those who vote in favor are rare glimmers of hope left in this world of musical ignorance. The facts speak for themselves, but only to those who have at least a basic level of musical knowledge. Now, excuse me. I have to get back to my Death Metal, Jazz, Blues, Funk, and Afro-Cuban CD's...REAL MUSIC.
1,Far removed is Houston rapper Paul Wall from his glory days of record label-promoting and genre-defining collaborations with fellow Houston rapper Chamillionaire, who teamed up with Wall in the late 1990s to form The Color Changin' Click before disbanding around 2005. A viable Southern hustling emcee of yesteryear, Paul Wall has made contributions to hip-hop through his records with the Swishahouse label and most recently with Paul Wall Music. Wall's seventh LP, The Po-Up Poet, is more material of Wall's archetypal style, filled with notions of weed, money, cars, ladies, jewelry and lots of "drank." Never one to blow minds with advanced lyricism, Paul Wall has historically received regards for his raps of steady rhyming, and this same modus operandi is applied faithfully by Wall in Po-Up. He is still that same on-the-grind hustler with expensive tastes, focused on staying on his toes and having fun in between time. Worthy of notable mention are the tracks "No Favors," a lesson in self-reliance, and "Codeine Heartbreak," where Wall discusses his love/hate relationship with extra strength, prescription cough syrup. The guest line-up is predictable, offering up verses of Dirty South flavor, especially from Screwed Up Click rapper Z-Ro, who appears twice on the album. The electronic trap beats match all of Wall's objectives and while formulaic, they are just original enough to be tolerable. At this point in Wall's career, The Po-Up Poet is a subpar effort, only attractive to die hard Paul Wall obsessives.
1,File under: Worst Song Lyrics or  Terrible Lyrics		Listen I'm here to bash the simple pleasure of listening to pop songs. There's a certain shallowness that i associate  with being up all night, partying hard, throwing your hands in the air like you just don't care, and saying baby just one more time.		THE LYRIC:	 It's too big (big) / It's too wide (wide)	 [Ed: We get it.]	It's too strong (strong) / It won't fit (fit)	 [No, really.]	 It's too much (much) / It's too tough (tough)	 He talk like this 'cause he can back it up	 He got a big ego / Such a huge ego	 I love his big ego	There ya go! This begs the question "Whose King Kong dong was Beyonce talkin bout??"
1,Bought the whole album and only listen to once song.
1,It is so sad that someone young and talented has became more of a product, than a real songstress. Unfortunately for Beyonce' Knowles, she has been more of a product than a real singer. It is so sad because she hasn't even made music that spoke from the soul, and instead tried to pull out another surprise as a product, than the person on the inside. Her Lemonade album has been more like a joke than a stand. Sadly though, she has shown some real cracks unveiled in her personal life. I didn't find the song Formation to impress me at all, and it was more of a joke than a real stand. Sorry, her latest single from Lemonade really takes shots at the two men in her life, her estranged husband Jay-Z and her separated father Matthew Knowles, for cheating on her, and her mother Tina. I found the song to be very poor at soul and didn't impress me at all, and shows that Beyonce' Knowles still hasn't grown as a singer. Perhaps she should take a listen to Gwen Stefani and what she made as a album about being cheated on before hers came out. Sorry is a bust, and Beyonce' Knowles should consider retiring.		Song: D
1,I don't think I purchased this item, sorry
1,never ordered it
1,I got it for free. At 1st I didn't really like it. I like Black Veil Brides and The Fray. It's just not my kind of music. Now I like this song though. I had to hear it a couple of times before it hit home.
1,I don't like it
1,I do not connect with this version of this song.  I think this version will appeal to those who like a more opera kind of thing, if that is the correct description.
1,No Comment.
1,I bought this one on accident thinking it was the original mix. Did not care for this one at all and was a waste of money for me. If you like it cool just not for me.
1,The album before this was fire, not crazy about this one
1,I am a huge Led Zeppelin and Robert Plant fan but I did not care for this soft noodling and boring "world music." If you like it, well that's great, it is just not my cup of tea. I do not like the direction Plant took after Fate Of Nations. For me the best stuff is Principle of Moments, Manic Nirvana, and Fate of Nations is solid. I just wish he would have stayed with a more classic sound. Even the albums I mentioned, which I do like, are really poppy and sort of 80's. If he had simply incorporated way more heavy guitars and more of a Led Zeppelin sound droves of fans would be much happier. Still I was glad to see him in the early 90's and did enjoy the show.
1,what a simple sweet beginning! too bad as an orthodox Jew who spent 15 yeas of his life in forest hills that I can't really relate to simon's little	obsession with Catholicism. it's meshuga, that's all. the title song is a song of the night for lovers and a parting is looming. bleecker st is one of those	rare postcard songs. in the song, you will find THE bleecker st. PAUL, what the hell are you using Christian imagery here? AND, do you really	know what "canaan" is? Sounds of silence is s&g's signature song. In folk mode, it is far more evocative than the folk-rock dressing it attained later.
1,I love this song, but I never got it. I wish that I had.
1,I didn't like a single track from the album.
1,This moronic cover is a good indication of the lack of musical invention within. The musical growth of this man cannot even be charted. He is treading water in a sea of retarded sexuality and bad poetry.
