0,I bought this to use on ribs, fish and chicken in my showtime rotisserie.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Ronco-ST4023SSGEN-Showtime-Standard-Rotisserie-Stainless-Steel/dp/B000M5XMA8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Ronco ST4023SSGEN Showtime Standard Rotisserie, Stainless Steel</a>&nbsp;I am moving indoors this summer, having grown tired of standing outside babysitting the grill, getting sweaty in the hot sun, and listening to the neighbors talking louder than necessary on their deck after a few beers...but I digress. I can make all the sides in the oven or rotisserie ahead of time (char grilled potatoes, char crust corn on the cob, etc) to reheat later. I make the meat to serve hot at dinner. Smear on the char rub and put the meat in the rotisserie or oven. Go read a book. Check on it now and then, but you don't have to stand there for hours fussing with it. At first I thought it was pretty expensive for what you get, but really, you don't need to use the whole package. A couple tablespoons is all that's needed. The ribs tasted like they were made on the outside grill. Crusty outside and tender inside. No bad-for-you charcol either. This is OK to use in the oven as I said, but don't forget to broil at the end to get the crust. For major flavor, use liquid smoke as a marinade, and char crust as a rub.
0,Delicious & good for you to boot. A real favorite with everyone in the house.
0,Only complaint is the small amount in the bag.  Two is a good sized snack, but that get's a little spendy.  Although, the quality is excellent!! I'd order again!
0,So Love these Strawberry Frosted Pop-Tarts, I the the nice taste of fresh Strawberries, the icing only adds to the the favor. I myself like to lightly toast them in a toaster, I have tried the both microwaved and cold, the toaster is the Finest way by far. Strawberry so Fresh. What a Great Price, Thank- you Amazon. I received these just a few days ago, Product was very fresh with an expired date of  August 2018.
0,I am always reordering this.  Great product for a great price.  A wonderful replacement for other oils and fats.  You can use this in any receipt for a replacement for lard, butter or shortening
0,beautiful
0,Taste like a milkshake!!
0,Great cracker and cheese combo! Although I had a few packets that the crackers were staled. I'm in Afghanistan so these bad boys do a lot of good when traveling around
0,Good for a quick meal replacement, but I prefer green smoothies. Nice to have on hand though.
0,I love the variety of flavors and it does help alleviate my nauseous stomach when I put into my mouth and let it dissolve like hard candy. I dislike the regular taste of ginger candy but these little guys disguise the ginger taste which makes it easier for me to take.  There is peanut butter, mango, peppermint, orange, and original.  The original to my surprise does not taste that strong like most ginger candy.  It is mild.  Love it!
0,Delicious! had to hide them from Grandkids!
0,FABULOUS to have handy! Try a spponful in your FRIED CHICKEN flour! YUM!
0,Kellogg's always my favorite cereal
0,Excellent pickled ginger. I eat it every evening in order stave off heartburn and indigestion. Love the tangy taste, works like a charm.
0,I love this coffee! Of the espresso capsules I've tested from Nespresso, this is one of my favorites. This was my first time dealing with Gourmesso customer service as well (I made a mistake while ordering) and had an absolutely wonderful experience with them. They were friendly, polite, and corrected my order right away. I highly recommend buying coffee from this company!
0,Exactly what we wanted!!
0,I can no longer purchase this locally and am very happy with this purchase @Amazon.com. The flour is fresh and just the way it should be. I use this flour as my main flour in recipes so my family gets their whole grains and as it is a pastry flour it uses just like an I bleached white flour.
0,Great taste, good consistency and the health specs are the best. Size was a bit smaller than I expected, especially considering the price.
0,Love this!  I was very happy to see it on amazon as my skyline supplier has moved away from OHio
0,This stuff tastes amazing. Great replacement for soda and I love the container. Its a little expensive 12 for 10 dollars so almost 3x the price so pop but I think its worth it. It tastes great.
0,Love this stuff. Tastes great, no after taste, simple and easy.
0,Love this blend=Nice & strong, delivered quickly.
0,This cardamom is very fresh and delicious. I will buy it again.
0,The flavor of this 'bowl' is really good- the gravy is close to a homemade taste.  The meat is also good, but doesn't have the same fall apart texture of homemade, though is still quite tender, and there are 16 gms of protein.  The mashed potatoes are very close to 'real', though the consistency  is a bit 'stiff'... I guess if I'd mixed the gravy into them, they'd be the appropriate consistency.  But overall, these are great for days when cooking just isn't going to happen, and a decent protein source is needed. I will definitely order these again.  I'm also diabetic and disabled, so the single serving and simple microwaving are great for dud days :)
0,I love this spice.  I saw Gianni on youtube, a North Beach guy making  eggplant.  That convinced me that I should try it.  What a difference.	Good thing:  I found it later for $3.99 for the same brand, amount, and package.  If there had been more packages, I would've bought them.	This is sooo good!
0,This is a lot of cereal!  Came with several of the "Krave" cereal which I wasn't expecting from the pic, but is listed in the description.  But that ended up being one of my favorites!  Not a big Frosted Flake fan and it had quite a few of those also.
0,Have been using for a while , not too bad.
0,Used for bridal shower favors! The tasty amazing!
0,I believe the drinking experience is always stronger and more authentic when you drink it loose leaf. I drink this instead of black cofee to keep me awake. But careful not to drink too much because it will dehydrate you a few hours later.
0,Great product - tastes great - wholesome ingredients.  Can't ask for more.  I'll be reordering in the future.
0,Nice and sweet, the lemon filling is tart without being overwhelming. The ginger cookies are crispy-tender, not crumbling and not hard like some ginger cookies. I'd buy more if they weren't so gigantically overpriced.
0,As advertised
0,Good grains
0,We believe in eating snacks of nuts due to the protein, and this is one of our go to brands.
0,good
0,This is my Favorite flavor... Great Peach taste....and sugar Free drink
0,I love this snack mix!  It gives me everything I like all at one time...spicy, sweet, salty, crunchy, and chewy.  I have given some out as gifts and they always want to know where I got it.  It is that good!  I will continue to buy this when I run out.
0,Love this syrup!! Thank you!
0,I love this dry milk for making breads.
0,good
0,If you don't know what Monster taste like, you have no idea of a delicious pickled flavor.	Delivered in a few weeks. That's OK with me.
0,I order this over and over it again its wonderful
0,I LOVE THESE LITTLE BOTTLES.  I GAVE MANY AWAY FOR FRIENDS TO TRY. I KEEP ONE IN MY PURSE WHEN I	GO TO A RESTAURANT AND THE FOOD NEEDS A LITTLE "SAVING".
0,These nuts are on point!  They're part of my Subscribe and Save orders and i get them all the time.
0,Great deal for breakfast time!
0,Good product, good price.
0,I have two teenage sons who devour everything in the house so I was looking for a healthy, reasonably-priced snack to stock up on for them. They are big on protein so when I saw these I figured I would give them a try. They both love these and don't complain that there is "nothing to snack on" in the house since we got them. At this price I can stock up and not worry about them not having enough snacks to tide them over after school before dinner. I tasted one and they do really taste good and aren't as hard on the teeth as some of the other protein bars I have purchased in the past. For the price it's definitely a good buy and I feel comfortable stocking up on these for the whole house. The only thing I wish was that they came in even bigger bulk packages..
0,good product.
0,thanks ,love it
0,Very fresh.  Very good.  Fast shipping.
0,Overall a good deal. The one at grocery stored are much more expensive.
0,Best tasting coffee...wish is wasn't so expensive
0,nice for white frosting
0,Good service. Lindt chocolate tastes good.
0,Love this salt. E-mailed company to verify it can be used for canning - great customer service. Our family will never consume iodized table salt at home again!
0,Ever since my husband and I first had a salad with roasted walnut oil and a good balsamic vinegar in the early '90's in San Diego, it has been our favorite dressing.  It is a wonderful accompaniment to any kind of salad (and simple pasta dishes) and is a great way to get your walnut "fix" every day.
0,I actually didn't buy them on Amazon, they came with a Dora-themed cake we bought at BJs, but it's the exact same set so I wanted to leave a review.  Not only a cake topper, these figurines are durable and have been used as toys for weeks now with no problem.  My three-year old loves, loves them - a surprise extra gift along with a cake topper :)
0,These are my favorite pure granola bars. Between the super salty nuts bound by what I can only assume is nougat, is oh-so delicious!
0,Wow, try this when making eggs.
0,I think this is great, when I am ready to buy again I think I will subscribe. THANKS FOR A GREAT PRODUCT.
0,I like the one without sugar.  Good tasting.  Grab and go.
0,Yummy!  I have now purchased this three times.  (I think I'm becoming an addict).  I use it to make milk kefir, which I then use in smoothies.  It is mild tasting and delicious.  I like coconut, but would get tired of it if it was too intensr- tasting.  This is juuuuusst right!
0,made a wonderful christmas present
0,Love the concept behind this company so I wanted to support it. Excellent coffee! I will keep buying it!
0,This chai tea tastes great!
0,My son loves lollipops, and his gramma loves to give them. So I was trying to find at least a healthier alternative to the ones completely filled with sugar. I saw theses, and they looked pretty good, and I was so glad that I bought them. My son loves all the flavors, and doesn't even want any other brands. So I got an extra on of theses bags for his piata, and it was a hit with all the other little kiddos too!
0,This is by far the best gluten free brownie I've ever had. Yum
0,very chewy.
0,Yummy
0,Great way to start the day. What else can I say!
0,I was lucky to find this product at my local grocery store.  Some of the one-star reviews claim that the batch they received were stale. I don't believe this to be the case unless the product they received was past the expiration date.  The texture of these are crunchy and not soft.  Although these are called "cookies", please keep in mind that these are not a baked product.  These aren't "cookies" in the traditional sense, but rather a healthy alternative.  This is a raw food that is gently dried.  Because I don't normally indulge in sugary foods, these are a real treat for me.  I usually eat the entire bag as a meal and love every bite.
0,I love this coffee , strong ,smooth , and great taste , perfect coffee to wake up too!,,,,, ,  price is great , double the pods compared to others ,
0,I was introduced to these amazing cookies by a celiac friend, and I've been hooked ever since. I'm not gluten intolerant, nor do I even actively avoid gluten in my everyday diet--however, these chocolate chip cookies far surpass ANY flour chocolate chip cookies I've ever tasted. These are made with garbanzo bean flour, but you'd never be able to tell--although it doesn't taste bean-y at all, it has an inexplicable satisfying oomph to it that you just wouldn't find in a flour cookie. Be warned though.. If beans generally make you windy, these cookies will too.		I like to spread the mixture onto a baking sheet and make cookie bars instead of individual cookies--that way most of the cookies are still nice and chewy throughout. I also add a couple generous tablespoons of crunchy peanut butter for some extra richness and texture.
0,Best oatmeal I've ever had. Delicious with added berries, frozen or fresh, and shredded coconut. Doesn't need added sugar. Great taste and creamy texture.
0,REALLY good. Will order again!!  :)
0,Best curry powder I've ever used.
0,This Wild Bill's Hickory Smoked Bacon Jerky is an excellent low Carb snack that has a great bacon flavor but is very salty. Being a Type 2 diabetic, I try to avoid Carbs when snacking so ordered this on a whim when ordering the excellent&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Wild-Bill-s-3oz-Hickory-Smoked-Beef-Jerky-Packs-4-re-sealable-3oz-beef-jerky-packs-per-bag/dp/B009E05HYQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Wild Bill's 3oz Hickory Smoked Beef Jerky Packs (4 re-sealable 3oz beef jerky packs per bag)</a>&nbsp;for my daughter who is away at college.		The pieces range from crumbs to almost 3" in length and are quite good, being real bacon. These are also softer and easier to chew than regular jerky.		If it wasn't quite so salty it would be the perfect snack!		Recommended!		CFH
0,Easy transaction, great product
0,Great amount for the price directly from the UK!
0,This is a really great-tasting mix, considering it doesn't have many ingredients.  It has no sugar in it, but you can add as much or as little as you want.
0,Nice.
0,A salty seaweed that make a great garnish and has amazing health benefits.
0,Delicious  I love it!
0,This is great in coffee.
0,Love the coffee
0,Love this oil! I use it for baking and making body care.
0,good old yogi
0,High quality yeast flakes, received in a timely manner.
0,This is licorice like that I ate as a kid in the 1950s.  Wonderful candy!
0,Tasty peanuts
0,Not much to say here but that is what is promised
0,These are primal goodness in all their flavors for a quick snack on the go when one just needs an extra protein kick. It isn't as tough as meatful jerky (which just means its easier on your teeth and jaw and digestive tract), and it comes in some flavors that that other stuff doesn't... but that's quite okay by me! Now, if it was only sold in larger variety packs for a lower cost per unit then, well, then all my meatless jerky needs might be met (at least for a short - but longer while than this pack lasted - while).
0,Nice and smokey for your pho broth
0,As advertised
0,We've tried every kind of salt imaginable for a variety of cooking.  This salt is excellent on popcorn and veggies.  It is so fine that it gives you all of the flavor without that crunch.  A little goes a long way so be careful when pouring from the container.  About the container... Put it in something else if you can.  Just remember - those cute theater shakers rust to beat the band.  If you are going to use them - unscrew the lid when finished and cover the container with a baggie - then screw the lid back on.  Keeps the salt fresh and dry and helps the container last longer.  Just my opinion of course.
0,This Kombucha is nice and light and refreshing.  It is great in summer.  I don't think it is quite as tasty (or healthy) as GT's which is my favorite, but its cheaper and it stays good without needing to be refrigerated which is nice, so you can store extra.
0,I have been using the caramel sold by King Arthur Flour - Mercken's?  I think.		This is far better tasting - it will be my go-to product for all baking and dipping from now on!
0,This helps my dogs stay regular!
0,My wife doesn't, in general, eat much candy but... she has a weakness for certain things, maple cream eggs, Jordan almonds, Halvah and....Ghirardelli caramel filled dark chocolate squares. A bag of these might last her a week so I buy them from Amazon in bundles of five. This was part of my Mothers Day gift. She loved it.
0,very good tasting coffee, very pleasantly surprised would not hesitate to buy more
0,Great, natural protein bar at a great price. It's really good tasting and is made of natural products.
0,It's coffee.		I don't notice more of a 'kick' with this coffee as compared to my Cafe La Llave or Lavazza, but it has a good flavor.		If it's a good price, I might buy more of it in the future. It is pleasing to drink.
0,Delicious, Sweet, but zero grams sugar.
0,great tea....just not enough for the ten dollar price tag! The tin is quite nice though...wish it came in a bigger tin.
0,This is the BEST sugar free chcoolate out there.  As a diabetic I've tasted everything....Guylian has the best tasting bar and melts in your mouth just like a real chocolate bar.  Not that waxy nasty taste that most sugar free chocolate has.  However just because it says sugar free does NOT mean you can eat a huge amount in one sitting.  This will raise your blood sugar and give you gas if you eat too much.
0,Large cashews. Very fresh
0,Expensive, yes; but you can almost feel it doing good things in your body.  And so yummy. A little goes a long way.
0,Love this tea!!!!
0,I really like this extract.  It has a good but not overpowering flavor.  Was leaking a little upon arrival but the container was not damaged.
0,My grandchildren love this candy!
0,I recently found these advertised in a magazine. I ordered a case through Amazon. I could not believe how delicious these are. They are so addictive. These are great plain or with dip. I even used these as croutons on my salad. They are sturdy and do not break when used with a thick dip. The price here is cheaper than in my local store. I will continue to buy these. What a great tasting gluten free product.
0,Love these, have not had any issues. Yum!
0,Always good.
0,Like Evian Water. Better tasting than others. Daughter likes sport flip tops. Thanks, P..,....:)
0,I really like the flavor of Acai. This freeze-dried Acai works perfectly with my yogurt. I put this on my plain yogurt with granola, yummy. I have also added this to my flavored yogurt if I want to snack on something quickly, yum! I have recently found this same Sambazon brand at Costco in liquid form, now I can make some Acai bowls! Give Acai a try, your tummy will appreciate it.
0,I bought these crispbreads because I decided to start using good quality crackers instead of bread. When I buy bread, it tends to go unused except for a few slices. Yet, sometimes you need something to hold butter, meat, or cheese. These crackers work very well for that; they don't overpower the food and they are tasty.	 I did not think the crackers arrived stale. However, they do taste different than crispy, toasted crackers, if that is what you expected. I have bought Ryvita in many different supermarkets and small groceries and they always have this taste. They are thicker than what you might expect, and somewhat bland. They have taste because of the toppings that are baked into them. They are not salty, they are crispy-crunchy. They never are and I don't think they are supposed to be. They are not like saltines. They are not like Ritz crackers.	  They are very good, though. They have their own unique taste and texture.
0,Fair Trade is more expensive than none Fair Trade product. I just wish it was a Fair Trade product since many producers sell organic which is the most common form of quinoa sold anywhere but a very limited Fair Trade organic quinoa and this certainly is not although a good quinoa. Prices of red quinoa has been going up to $10 a pound, which is the most expensive quinoa, than black, rainbow and yellow.		KEEN-Waah... A complete protein source, a seed related to other healthy cousins like spinach and beets. In a pot I place quinoa, frozen peas, carrots, corn, add water and tomato paste. Spinach is added at the end the last minute. Stewing tomatoes for a half hour increases the cancer fighting lycopene content by 35 percent. Cooking also unlocks another nutrient, beta-carotene, in corn and carrots since heat breaks down the fibrous cell walls, releasing more of these antioxidants. The same goes for spinach but then you need to get your vitamin C from something else since that is the first vitamin which is depleted with heat. I saute lots of onion separately then in ten minutes I add paprika, cumin, dillweed, gram marsala, crushed red pepper, turmeric and lots of garlic&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/2-x-2-Pound-Fresh-Garlic-USA-California-Heirloom-Monviso-Gilroy-Finest-4-Pounds-Total/dp/B00E382P44/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">2 x 2 Pound Fresh Garlic USA California Heirloom Monviso Gilroy Finest (4 Pounds Total)</a>, mix it well and add the mix to the pot and let it sit without heat for five minutes. This is what vegans consume instead of beef since it is a complete protein. Greens, vegetables, nuts, seeds, etc. may have protein but the fact is that only quinoa has a complete protein and all others do not since all others are missing few amino acids here and there but not quinoa. I rarely ever consume beef, chicken, etc. so fish and quinoa are the only source of complete protein with all amino acids for me. Organic, whole grain, very fulfilling due to some starch with host of vitamins, minerals that no beef or chicken can even come close to. Cooks in ten minutes with some water, no fat, no salt, no sugar... I consume it with eggplant, onions, okra, smoked hearings, curry type dishes with lots of spices and delicious juices. I never ever have to wash and rinse before cooking either. I keep the uncooked portions in double zip lock bags in freezer. I consume so much that I never have to worry about the unused portion going rancid and unlike brown rice which loses its oil in less than six months and becomes worthless even if kept in freezer, quinoa will last longer. Obviously I never ever do that with any food since I only purchase what I need in order to get the nutrients which are a healthy portion of my diet. Gluten free, the best product for me when I go camping since all I do is add lemon and tomato and that way I never have to worry about paying arm and leg for that lousy, awful tasting dry foods. I ground chia+flax+sesame, mix it with cocoa+isolate+soy milk before my workouts every single day or no workout regardless. Three tbsp of quinoa in my power drink offers me 4gr of pure, complete protein with all amino acids. I add organic paprika to regular yellow quinoa and it turns the dish into a beautiful red color. Healthy, healthier and healthiest of many seeds, delicious sprouts only in 3 days with all amino acids. I am an athlete with a healthy diet. I used to consume brown rice heavily years ago but no longer. I can consume quinoa with tomato and lemon juice and it is the best food I can take with me anywhere on any sports trip and I do not even have to wash it either. Delicious, delicious, delicious.		FRESHNESS: Fresh means nutritious and delicious. I consume lots of seeds, beans, grains, vegetables, etc. and freshness is a priority regardless of the brand so I always purchase my food ingredients in small quantities from reputable sellers with high turnover. When fresh, food is nutritious and that goes for any food in any form, from frozen to canned. Fresh food is nutritious as well as delicious since nutrients give food its delicious taste. When old or rancid, nutrients are gone and any food item becomes an empty calories with no taste and absolutely worthless regardless of the brand or price, organic or conventional. For few years I consumed seeds in oil form since physicians advised me to do so not knowing that majority are not aware that seeds hardly offer any nutrients unless; seeds are fresh, not old which means rancid, not in oil form, not in supplement form, not hulled, ground and consumed within few days, kept in dark cold temperatures, away from light-sun-moisture since the oil in seeds and nuts go rancid regardless. That is why brown rice which has its nutrients will go rancid even if kept in freezer while white rice will last for years at room temperature since it hardly has any nutrients or oil. I ground in my coffee grinder sesame, flax, chia, amaranth, hemp then add cocoa, isolate protein, soy milk and consume it before my workouts on daily basis for its vitamins, minerals, protein and many nutrients, without much spike in my glucose. Un-hulled seeds are full of nutrients. I never consume hulled seeds which are empty calories, absolutely worthless since the nutrients have been removed.		STARCH: Some carbohydrates, such as sugars and most starch are rapidly digested and absorbed as glucose into the body through the small intestine and subsequently used for short-term energy needs or stored. Resistant starch on the other hand, resists digestion and passes through to the large intestine where it acts like dietary fiber. Sugar, honey, maple syrup, white flour, white rice, whole-grain pastry flour, packaged cold cereals, commercial fruit juices, and fruit-juice sweetened beverages are the same foods some dentists claim rots the teeth from the inside out by changing the balance and ratio of calcium to phosphorous in the bloodstream. Your immune system goes down when you wolf down sweets, especially around events and holiday meals. High Glycemic foods quickly turn to sugar in your blood stream, causing excess insulin to pour into your blood to get rid of the excess sugar. The excess insulin pushes the calcium and fat into your arteries, especially if you have only a few cholesterol receptors on your liver (which is genetic). Whole wheat and white bread have essentially the same impact on blood sugar so I try to consume bread with whole sprouted grains, even flourless breads, and no-yeast breads. Black beans, northern beans, navy beans, red kidney beans, lentils, split peas, black-eyed peas, brown rice, rolled oats, millet, corn, black rice are all Resistance Starch. King of starch for me is quinoa and Navy Beans before and post expedition trips, 17.6gr vs. 15.4gr for 100gr serving. No wonder the price of quinoa is going up, up, up...
0,These salts are amazing. I purchased the set of 4 solely for the pickle flavor. I love pickles, and dill pickle potato chips are one of my favorite snacks. I thought I could shake the pickle flavor on my popcorn. I wish I could tell you how good it was on my popcorn, but I can't. I shook a bit of the pickle salt in my mouth to taste it, and WOW my mouth exploded with amazing! Holy cow! That's unbelievable...I wonder what the lemon tastes like? (Lemon is another flavor I particularly love.) [Opens lemon salt, tastes.] Um, oh yeah! [Repeats with lime salt.] [Can't speak. Groans in salt-induced ecstasy]. Drink water, repeat.. I am a little bit ashamed to say that over the course of a couple of weeks I ate the entire set of these salts by pouring them out, licking my finger, coating it in salt, licking off, and repeating. After I had finished the lemon, lime, and pickle flavors I was feeling rather let down that they were all gone. I hadn't tried the mango chile because I was afraid it would be too spicy. I decided to give it a try, considering how scrumptious the others had been. I'm so glad I did. It had a bit of a bite to it, but nothing extreme. The sweetness from the mango cooled the heat considerably. I actually used (some of) this one the way it's meant to be used, as a seasoning and not a snack in and of itself, and am happy to report that everything I tried it on was improved by the taste. Some things I really enjoyed it on: peach cobbler (made it taste sweeter and added a smoky depth to the flavor that kept it from being treacly), popcorn,  nachos, hamburger, chicken tender sandwich (with muenster cheese, oh my), and pound cake. The pound cake we melted a little butter, dipped the pound cake into it, and dipped it in the salt, very much like the trend of bread dipping using olive oil. It was amazing. I noticed when using the salt that you really don't get a salty=savoury feel when eating it on sweet things; rather, it seems to enhance the sweetness and depth of the sweet item.		Okay, tl;dr. Buy this. Yum.		Seriously recommended, unless you have high blood pressure, then cautiously recommended. This stuff is seriously good.		EDIT: update on my thoughts on this 4-pack.		Well, I got package #2 with the best of intentions to actually use it AS SALT and not as a snack for my salt-loving, salt-craving self. I'm pleased to say I did actually put the salt on actual food this time (but I still ate most of it right from the little bottles. OOPS). Okay, Pickle salt: utterly fantastic on cucumbers. Oh, yeah. Good on buttered microwave popcorn. Really good in tuna salad. Lime salt: best on tomatoes. Just slice 'em up and sprinkle the lime salt right on them. Dee-lish. Excellent on steak. Added to salsa - it was a good taste, but the salsa overwhelmed the delicacy of the lime flavor. Put some on some chicken that was then sprinkled with southwest chipotle seasoning. Very nice. Lemon-lime: salmon patties (yum), tuna salad (yum), eggs (not so much), grapefruit juice (YES!!). Finally, the mango chile: fajitas (mixed chicken, shrimp, & steak): fabulous. Salmon which was then cooked on a george foreman grill: excellent. Most tremendously excellent.	My next set I plan to try the lime salt with black beans, the pickle salt with a cucumber riata, the mango chile salt with some Indian chicken, and the lemon-lime in butter drizzled over sponge cake. I'll let you know how it goes. :-D
0,I relive fond childhood memories with this classic candy ... this a fat-free fun snack that gives me an energy boost and puts a smile on my face every time I pop a soft peppermint ball :)		Each Bob's soft peppermint candy contains 5.0 g of carbohydrate (as sugar).  So, a Serving Size of 3 candies is 15.0 g of carbohydrate or 5% Daily Value (DV) based on a 300 g Recommended DV.		ALLERGY INFO: The red peppermint stripes are made with the food dyes - Red 40 and Red 40 (Lake).	'No specific warnings are currently known for this product' - so, it's a soy, milk, nuts and gluten free food. Great news for people (like me) who are allergy prone.		Hope this review was helpful ... Jeffrey A. (Jeff)
0,Not sure it's worth the price, the cartons are very small.  But it is nice and creamy and Iove that it doesn't have sugar.
0,tasty cakes.
0,Tiny potatoes that have lots of flavor.
0,Lots of tuna in in each can.
0,ok
0,they are fresh and taste good
0,I have always liked the white or clear green tea that I got from the store. But this is much		different, yes it has many of the same said benefits such as losing weight and fighting hunger. However, the way that this Ceremonial Green Tea Matcha is made starts from the very plant and traditions that are pasted down. Looking at this green tea I was a bit fearful because it was such a vibrant green color, but once I got over it there was just this beautiful not to sweet taste. I do prefer it in a little sweet almond milk. But there are so many other ways that you can consume it. Which the recipe book has a good amount of them to try. I do notice that after a serving of this mixed in some almond milk like I said above I do not feel as hungry or crave anything for a while. Not to mention I feel clear headed on days that I start off foggy and groggy. Certainly cannot wait to try other recipes maybe test out baking with this product or making smoothies.		I received one or more of the products mentioned above for free. Regardless, I only recommend products or services I use personally and believe will be good for my readers.
0,Great product for a great price
0,Used these for a backpacking trip. Perfect size for packs and snacks!
0,This syrup met our expectations.  It works well with our shaved ice maker and tastes just like what you would get at a fair.  A little goes a long way.
0,Found for a good price here on Amazon. Great stuff.
0,These are good eggs, but not the best quality. Would not call this exactly fresh (most during boiling stand on point), so I'd advise to consume them quickly.	The eggs are good hard boiled, scrambled or omelettes, even pancakes. For baking I prefer better quality eggs.	Product was delivered in perfect conditions.
0,Enjoyed this tea very much.  Like it as is or with a little rose hips added.  The package is good.  Bag reseals easily and is secure.		Highly recommend it to any tea drinker.  Thanks for an great product.
0,Excellent Jasmine Pearl tea! I have been drinking Jasmine Pearls for many years, and tried companies from the far east to the US and the Coastal Tea Company is one of the higher ranked teas I have tasted.		Jasmine tea has tremendous benefits for digestion, health, and dare I say happiness. The scent of jasmine is soothing and calming, and watching the tea flower leaves unfurl in the hot brewing water itself is relaxing!		Now using the right water, the right teapot and the right drinking cup makes a huge difference in the overall experience.		- Use filtered water to boil, ideally in a Zojirushi but you can also boil it on the stove. NEVER the microwave! Yikes!!	- Use a glass tea pot that you would only use for jasmine pearls ideally.	- Use a clay pottery mug, one exclusively for jasmine/green tea, and never the cheap ceramic cups or heavens forbid, the stryfoam cups (Double Yikes!)	- Put one teaspoon of Jasmine Pearls into the teapot.	- Pour boiling water onto your clay pottery mug and let it sit for about 20-30 seconds.	- Pour the water onto the teapot over the leaves and close the teapot with lid.	- Brew for 4 minutes.	- Pour and enjoy!		Disclaimer: I received a free Coastal Tea Company Jasmine Pearls and here is my honest product review.
0,perfect size for movie nights. sturdy, easily washable, stackable, and long-lasting. Exactly what I was looking for!
0,Ate them slam up! Perfect.
0,great
0,This is so good! I love it poured over biscuits or toast.
0,I can only use so much ginger, and this is two pounds of it! But the quality is excellent, with a nice ginger smell and taste. If you use ginger in your cooking (sweet and sour sauces are great with it), this is an excellent buy.
0,love Alpen Muesli
0,I always like to add a crunchy granola to my morning yogurt and fruit.  This is just perfect...absolutely delicious.
0,I'm still buying them!  Love them
0,We use Simply Organic spices quite a bit, and they are excellent quality. Amazon had a great price on these. Having it delivered is even more convenient than going to the store to pick it up.  :)
0,My small-town markets no longer offer any grits but the instant kind, so I'm thrilled to find an inexpensive, easy source of real grits.  I used to purchase Quaker Quick Grits locally when they were available, but these are far more flavorful.  Like many other  reviewers, I disregard the cooking directions on the bag, using a 4 to 1 ratio of liquid to grits and simmering for 20 minutes- grits perfection!
0,Very good. Would buy again.
0,Better than the rest.
0,The price was right and they are easy to use.  I put a variety of nuts in our oatmeal every morning for vitamin E ~ these are already chopped.  They are fresh tasting.  I'll order them again.
0,I store this in a ziploc bag in the refrigerator with an ice cream scoop in the bag for measuring.	For breakfast, microwave some water, scoop your dry cereal into a bowl, then add boiling water and stir until it gets to the consistency that you want. It's ready to eat pretty much instantly. I usually just eat it with fruit, or honey.		  I add about 3/4 cup of this dry cereal to a pound of 93% lean ground turkey when making burgers or turkey meat loaf.  No funny aftertaste or texture issues.	Add some dry grain to hot soup just before serving.
0,Perfect as a coffee creamer, but probably won't purchase again due to the cost.  Four stars due to amall containers that are too costly.
0,So very good fresh exactly what I expected and was hoping for although it took a little long for delivering
0,first class transaction all the way! A+++++++++++
0,What's not to like? I have been baking bread for over 25 years, grinding my wheat each time. Hard "white" or gold wheat berries make for a lighter bread than "red" wheat.	If you don't like the deep, rich flavor of red wheat but want the health benefits of whole wheat then this is your wheat berry of choice.	Montana is the champagne version to wine. It's worth the time and effort to find it and the price reflects the quality. There are cheaper wheat berries you can purchase, however I have more confidence that only wheat berries enter my mill. Other wheat I have tried (years of practice, with some errors~ slow learner ;) contain shaft, small sand and or twigs. Quality and Taste are major factors in my purchase of Montana Wheat. You'll like both quality and taste in either red or white berries depending on your degree of "wheat" taste preference. Price ~ I wince/cringe, BUT it's worth it!
0,Product works well for my body.
0,VERY PLEASED
0,this was a gift and was VERY well received - recipient said it arrived with ice packs in perfect condition  and she is enjoying every bite
0,Really good flavor microwave popcorn, not too buttery, but has a good butter flavor.
0,OMG!! the best cinnamon tea ever!  You must get the sachets to get the best flavor!
0,I have tried so many brands of coffee pods, and this is the only brand that I will ever buy again for my Keurig 2.0.  The coffee is fantastic - i love stronger, more robust coffee, and this is the best that I have found, especially for the price.  And the pods are largely paper, and only minimally plastic, which makes you feel better about throwing away 3-4 pods a day.  I'm really happy to have found this coffee after trying dozens of other brands.
0,These are very tasty and have my son's wholehearted stamp of approval.  Recommended!
0,Thanx
0,Prompt shipment; item as expected.
0,luv it
0,I really had to think about these spreads for several days before writing this review.  First of all, these are really not comparable to many things I have had before.  They both taste like a cookie icing & cookie dough.  I find them to be good as a spread on most thing with an over all sweet flavoring - but hesitate to say it would replace something like peanut butter.  Obviously this isn't like peanut butter, but it is similar in texture & taste to the chocolate / peanut butter or Nutella mixes.  That being said, the texture is something I have to address.  My girlfriend liked it at room temperature, like it came from the box.  This texture is slightly running.  As for myself, I preferred letting it sit in the fridge until it more solid.  This to me makes it the consistency of a dryer peanut butter.  The flavor slightly changes as it get cold & gives it more hints to the spices in the ingredients.  Thirdly, the flavors that are included are slightly odd.  I preferred the chocolate, which is a slightly dark chocolate but with hints of flavoring typical in cookies & cream (or Oreo) mixes.  To me the other two flavors are similar in many ways.  Obviously they are not exact, at all.  But, I did find similarities in the overall texture & secondary spice flavorings.  The speculoos definitely has a slight cinnamon gingerbread taste, where as the graham cracker has mostly a base tasting of sugar cookie with hints at more complex flavors - but overall it tastes like graham cracker.  For me, this definitely a try & then you will know kind of product.  The variety pack seems like a good way to see what flavor you like best.  Then you can go from there trying room & cold temperatures for preference.  Also, try these on a variety of foods - apples, butter cookies, etc.  You'll be surprised how well it pairs with different things.
0,I love Eight O'clock coffee and I love the	price! I receive a bag every month on	the re-order plan and the price is much	less than I use to pay for 30 oz. @ $15.99	in the grocery store.
0,put in real chicken & viol! chicken alfredo, made EASY
0,I wouldn't say it tastes just like peanut butter.  But not to far off.  It's not low in calories.  I think it is sweetened with cane sugar.  That's okay if you are not diabetic. I am.  But it tastes good enough.
0,probably ordered too many.  slowly eating 2 a day to keep within my daily calorie intake.  but yummy for GF
0,I loved the flavors these came in and the price. They were the perfect thing I was looking for for an activity in my classroom. I finally did not have the "left over" gross flavors my students do not like.
0,I've bought this before. This is my first time with the 6-pack.		In my opinion, this is the best flour for pasta. I have tried lots of different flour types and different brands. This is the one I'm sticking with.		I haven't tried pizza dough with it yet.,
0,This is an indispensable addition to every kitchen. The key to making an exceptional tomato sauce is the paste, and this is among the best available. I recommend this item for everyday use, and for those who are concerned with prepping for long-term options. Take advantage of Amazon's subscription rates, and enjoy the convenience of free home delivery while saving money on regular purchases.
0,We love these salsas. They are roasted salsas with bits of burnt pieces that set this flavor off! The medium red is perfect for dipping with the right amount of heat. We will definetely buy again.
0,Very good but small amount for the price. Would buy other brands that give more product. very cinnamony and crisp
0,These are soooo good.  Hard to just eat a couple.  Love them.
0,These were sent to my nephew when he was deployed to Afghanistan, last year. He said their detachment  loved them!
0,I was pleased to find Wisecrackers on Amazon, since my grocery store stopped carrying them. Amazon is priced about 40% below the grocery store prices (and with free delivery; and they arrived in perfect condition)! Gotta love shopping online!!!		The Rosemary/Garlic crackers are perfect with rich cheeses, and a glass of wine, especially if you like herb flavors.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Partners-Wisecrackers-Low-Fat-Crackers-Roasted-Garlic-Rosemary-4-Ounce-Boxes-Pack-of-6/dp/B000F3SE82/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Partners Wisecrackers Low Fat Crackers, Roasted Garlic Rosemary, 4-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 6)</a>
0,My favorite dinner coffee.  The extra bold flavor I crave.  I'm addicted.  BTW, I drink Jet Fuel during the day, and this is very close with a medium cup setting.
0,good
0,This is not my favorite KIND bar.  It's not bad, but it's not really anything special, either.  Because it has more nuts than some of the other bars I've tried lately, it's a little harder to bite/chew.  It was a little sticky but it didn't fall apart.		The flavor was kind of bland.  The nuts tasted as expected, but the only flavoring was basically sugar syrup.  I guess I'm more used to the ones with chocolate, yogurt, or spices.		You can find the ingredients list if you scroll down the product page.  This is accurate.  However, note that it also says this bar is vegan, which is not true, since it contains honey.  (I don't blame KIND, just whoever wrote the Amazon product description...nothing on the packaging claims that these are vegan, just that they are dairy free.)  These are non-GMO, gluten free, and kosher, if any of those are of concern to you.  These contain peanuts, tree nuts, and soy lecithin, if you have allergies.		These are pretty high in fat.  If you ate an equivalent amount of plain nuts, though, those would also have a lot of fat (25% of your daily total).  They *are* healthful plant fats, but I wouldn't eat more than one a day.  These have 3g of fiber and 6g of protein so together with a piece of fruit, they'd make a good meal replacement if you're in a hurry.  They're high in potassium (200 mg) and low in sodium (10 mg) and have all the usual nutrients associated with nuts (vitamin E, selenium, phosphorus, magnesium, copper, and manganese).		In the end, these are not bad if you want a plainer KIND bar (they have had some crazy flavors come out lately).  I just happen to prefer some of the others.
0,It's a giant bag of watermelon sour patch. Need I say more?
0,Do you like chocolate? Do you like marshmallows? Yeah, me too! I love mallomars! I hadn't had one in a long time when I received this package. Lets just say they didn't last long in my house. They were very fresh and the cookies were not broken even for being delivered in the mail. They taste fantastic.
0,Nice size... a bit pricey. I can get the same size at a local store for a cheaper price.
0,Salt and pepper ones are delicious
0,Love them!
0,Some of the best tasting tea I have ever had and I've been drinking this for a few years now and I haven't gotten tired of it.
0,Bob's Red Mill original oats are the only oats I buy. Always fresh and great tasting.
0,This is the only energy drink I will drink. Read the ingredients. Not full of a bunch of scary stuff, but yet it really does the job. If I am dragging early in the afternoon, just down a Guru and I am good to go for the rest of the day. Word of warning: don't drink one too late in the day, or you won't be sleeping that night.
0,The only sugar I'll use from now on!
0,They taste OK, just very high in MSG and sodium. It would be great if they made them with no MSG. It is possible and wouldnt mind paying more for a healthier alternative. The Ramen noodle companies are adding less and less MSG. It would be great if they follow suit.
0,Well I was looking for a natural beef jerky that didn't make my lips itch when I ate it and this seems to be the one! You are missing out if you haven't tried it!! As with all jerky's, I usually dump the bag out and cut it into smaller pieces with a scissors and then put it in my purse to have with me where ever I go.
0,I love ginger.....
0,I'd been taking flax supplements in capsule form for about a year for my dry eyes, as well as for the anti-inflammatory qualities of flax oil. But then I discovered this wonderful bottle of flax oil, and I realized what I was missing. Flax oil is a healthy food product that tastes delicious. I haven't tried any other brands, but went straight to this one after reading the reviews. I wasn't disappointed. This tastes a little buttery, a little nutty, and simply delicious.		Now, instead of taking flax oil as a supplement, I'm drizzling it on my salads with a little balsamic vinegar. It is a great tasting dipping oil, and I'm eager to try it in place of butter or olive oil in a number of dishes. The one caution here is that it is not intended as a cooking oil.		I've read about people taking a spoonful a day of this. It might be better tasting than the other brands, but I don't see any reason to force it down like medicine when it is so yummy as a food-flavoring oil.
0,Soup has a nice flavor, can size is large enough of 2 small bowls. Only down side is there is not much meat in it. This make an easy meal when cooked in oven with a buttermilk bisquit on top.
0,I have tried many coffees in Amazon warehouse deals and will continue to do so but hands down Community Coffee is among the highest quality. I do prefer a bold coffee and Community has never disappointed. I have tried both ground and whole beans and their private reserve and I enjoy every kind that has been offered.
0,Great product at a awesome price.  I use this on my hair, face and body as a moisturizer.  I also mix it with sugar as a foot scrub. Unfortunately when I tried to re-buy it, it was unavailable.
0,If you're like me and prefer to mix your own soda drinks, the MUCH reduced sugar and much better flavor of a custom mixed soda will have you never look back at coke or pepsi.		The monin blackberry syrup was top notch, with full flavor of blackberry. Lots of other syrups will contain two or more other fruits to pad out the bottle that ruin the taste.		A jigger of this and some fresh, fiercely bubbling seltzer is a	wonderful treat. This is also great on pancakes! Try a bottle you won't regret it.
0,If you are on the market for coconut oil for the first time and you are afraid of it tasting like coconut then definitely go with refined, it has an amazing clean taste, no coconut taste at all what's so ever! I've been using it for 5 years and I couldn't imagine making eggs without it. I'm completely addicted. This is a huge tub for the price, incredible!
0,great source of selenium - four a day gives you the daily requirement . I find if I have them with dinner they are an appetite suppressant and help with sleep
0,This 3 pack of lemon & dill Perfect Spice Seasoning is nice because there are 3 whole bottles and not a single large bottle. They stay fresh so much longer. A single large bottle eventually gets old and may start to stick together in clumps, then it is useless and a waste of money. I ended up keeping a bottle for myself and I have a bottle for my daughter and oldest son. My daughter loves lemon seasoning so this is a new taste on the usual lemon.  Each bottle is almost 4.5 ounces. The bottles are plastic and have a flip top to open it. When the cap is open the seasoning can be sprinkled on. They arrived wrapped all together, not individually wrapped. This lemon & dill can be used to season anything. It is amazing on chicken and fish. It can be used to make a sauce. It doesn't contain MSG. It makes food taste really good. I received this item for free to try in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.
0,Was raised on this brand. Good price, still a tasty coffee. I use it with more expensive,	trendy grinds for my daily brew.
0,Fantastic taste and it is supposed to be very healthy too.
0,I tried to use these to change the color of white chocolate. I didn't think about mixing the black with the white chocolate. I wanted black chocolate since I couldn't find any color melts but obviously white & black mixed makes grey. There was no amount I could add that would create black which was disappointing but understandable. Just wanted to put that out there for anyone else who wasn't thinking about that like I was. The other colors paired beautifully & the chocolate still tasted the same to me.
0,I haven't been able to find this in my local stores lately, so I jumped on buying this. I used both small packages that are inside because I made a jumbo crock pot beef and vegetable curry. Best curry I've had in a long time. It was kind of hard to stop eating it. The "hot" was just enough to warm your mouth or make your nose run. just perfect.
0,Great rice for the best risotto I've made!
0,Completely satisfied
0,I used these to make a dinosaur cake for my son's birthday and they were delicious! Everyone raved about how awesome the cake looked and how tasty the rocks were.  I separated them out by color.  Some were kind of green and pink color so I took those out and only kept the more natural color.  I had this many left and only ordered one bag.  We still snack on the ones I took out and they still are delicious 7 months later!
0,Excellent product and service
0,Tea bag!
0,These are our favorite waffles, and we don't have gluten free restrictive diets. Check the waffles after one pass in the toaster; I usually have to do a time and a half.
0,I use cream of mushroom soup for many casseroles.  This one is thinner than the normal "non- gluten free" ones but can easily work within my recipes.  Taste is very good
0,This is an excellent beverage but more like hot chocolate than coffee. When I want a coffee substitute, I chose the French roast Teecino. It is also good mixed with the French roast for a mocha flavor.
0,great
0,Still learning how to cook with it but great so far
0,Prefer sprouted, but good.
0,Great stuff
0,This coffee was right up my alley, a bit of "hot chocolate" taste blended with some good coffee. It's one of my favorites of all I've tried.
0,Perfect!
0,Delicious and soothing tea.  I love it
0,good
0,Excellent product! Comes in a 3-pack which is handy and its cheaper than in the stores. There is no difference between the jars I've gotten from here and the ones in the stores - I've never had an expired one or one with a weird taste or anything like that. I'd highly recommend.
0,This is very good and smooth tea. So glad I found it on Amazon. I am  so Happy with this tea.
0,This is the best honey I have ever tasted, and it makes everything I put it on taste better. I found my honey.
0,great tasting snack without the killer sugar.
0,Each serving is 160 calories, 4g of fat, 5g of sugar, 5g of fiber, and 6g of protein for 1/3 cup. Although, the bag says there are 9 servings in this 12 ounce package, I can't get more than 4 servings out of the bag with the way I eat breakfast.  Too little is not satisfying enough for me.		The ingredients are all organic as follows:	- oats	- raisins	- almonds	- flaxseed	- cranberries (cranberries, cane juice, & sunflower oil)	- dates (dates and oat flour)	- rye flakes		I tried their&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Evoke-Classic-Swiss-Organic-Muesli/dp/B0051S9QTC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">B005VFDLN2 Athlete Fuel</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Super-Muesli/dp/B00E9Z2LA4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Super Muesli</a>&nbsp;which were also good.		At the current price of $10.99 for one 12 ounce bag, I would not buy this as it is way too expensive for what it is. I subscribe and save to&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Bob-s-Red-Mill-Old-Country-Style-Muesli-Cereal-18-ounce-Pack-of-4/dp/B000EDDSES/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Bob's Red Mill Old Country Style Muesli Cereal, 18-ounce (Pack of 4)</a>&nbsp;that costs me $3.82 per 18 ounce bag. The price, of course is a personal decision. Other than the price, there is not much difference in flavor from the Bob's muesli I already love.
0,good
0,My kids' favourite version of quick mac-n-cheese.
0,Great Flavor, great price
0,QUALITY AS ALWAYS.	GREAT ON ALL ITALIAN DISHES.
0,Makes life simpler!
0,I bought this on a recommendation from a friend.  It is tasty and I like that I can eat a big bowl for not a lot of points.  It isn't cheap and it's easy to go through a bag fairly quickly though
0,Love my Nespresso!
0,Absolutely great g-free snack!
0,Good stuff.
0,Great value for a large bottle
0,wonderful for vegan smoothies in the morning!
0,This is my first time purchasing this product. I use this along with my organic green tea bags. It doesnt seem to have the same amount of caffeine my current green tea but I will continue to use it because it provides more antioxidants than my regular green tea. That is great
0,my 3 kids 5-8 love these!
0,When I went to California during last December, this company's candies were sold at the airport.  I planned to get them before returning to my home.  However, I forgot to get them.  Fortunately, I found this at Amazon.com.  My husband and I enjoyed this Peanut Brittle.  It does not taste like sugar free.
0,I love this juice - its organic and tastes great. I have ordered the six pack several times now and it always arrives quickly and in good shape.
0,Excellent taste with healthy ingredients! Great delivery too!
0,I use this as a translucent make up powder, for setting. that's what organic powder make up is primarily made of. so i just use my own :) I even mix with other foundation powders i have.
0,I know my spices, and I know what they are supposed to taste like. And this is a fantastic product. I often don't even buy fresh ginger anymore because I keep this in my refrigerator. It has all the aroma and flavor of fresh ginger in a very, very fine grate, almost a puree. It is perfect for most Indian dishes and can even stand in for fresh ginger in chai.		Note, however, that it is overpriced these days on Amazon. $10 for a jar? Nonsense. I used to buy it by the case through Subscribe & Save at a good price, but they discontinued the subscription. Hopefully they'll get their act back together soon. In the meantime, I buy it at Abe's for a reasonable cost.
0,These are my all time favorite. If I cannot find these I panic. So tasty! Never have a problem getting my 8 glasses of water in daily!
0,Taste was excellent, I did add some dill and will buy again. I'm not vegan but my guest are.
0,Great product!!!  Product arrived as promised.
0,Cinnamon Applesauce, pouches.  Perfect for on the go.  I keep them in a little cooler in the car for these hot days, kids love them.
0,AND...if you have friends that have Keurigs but do not have a coffee you like or just have flavored or decaf....this enables you to throw a couple in your purse....they are all individually wrapped....so that is why have purchase these...to take to my bridge day in case my hostess does not have my type of coffee and it happens more times than not.
0,Breakfast of Champions
0,My wife loves mint tea and this is her favorite.  I don't know what makes it so good, but she says it's the best mint tea she's ever had.  I know this review doesn't have much substance, but I don't like mint tea, I only know that she REALLY likes this stuff.
0,good
0,Not quite as strong as the French roast but still very good. Will purchase again.
0,Excellent flavor
0,Best way to buy if you're a popcorn lover.  Delicious and healthy - much better than the alternatives.  Especially if you also have one of the Thomas Rush silicone microwave poppers. If not, pop in a brown paper bag.
0,My favorite tea!
0,Taste not very good for those who are not used to this type of tea, however you'll get used to after several bags.
0,I thought this blend was going to be a little bit stronger and darker, but that was my own expectations that disappointed me.  It really is tasty!
0,Very Fresh
0,Tastes great and just the right heat. Great texture and crunch.
0,I prefer the regular flavor that is neither sweet nor sour. I think Kashi makes the bet products with the least sugar.
0,Can't wait to use this Saturday
0,O.N.E.'s Coconut Water is about straightforward as it gets: 100% coconut water.		My first encounter with the green globe and the coconut water inside came after a climb of 1500 steps (and back down again) in ninety-plus degree heat on a dry, dusty winter day in Palitana India.  While I fell far short of the 3500 needed to reach the plateau of temples, I also barely managed to return to the base.		Blame it on my Anglo-European genes, sheesh.		Back at our vehicle, a vendor hacked off the top of the green globe before offering it too me.  Though the water within was warm, it was more refreshing and cooling than anything else I could have imagined at that moment.		The inherent cooling properties of coconut water make it an ideal way to stave off the heat from both the inside out.		O.N.E.'s coconut water, though not as 'mentally' satisfying to drink (everyone loves the green globe) certainly is as tasty and refreshing.
0,Great
0,These bacon crumbs are the best!  I use them on salads and in many recipes.  The bacon crumbs are real bacon.  You won't find the real thing at this price anywhere!
0,Great deal for great coffee!!!  What can I say, we love this coffee!!  It's bold yet smooth.  Goord price too!  Can't beat this deal!!
0,These are so good.
0,Good molasses
0,Great product. Good in recipes.
0,Not sure what kind of a deal this is.. but it's green tea.  it was gone in a few days.  I will reorder.  I acutely miss it's presence in my cupboard.  I switched to tea from coffee because i put sugar in my coffee and i can drink tea straight.  I seem to have hit the age and weight where i gotta start worrying about not really needed sugar.
0,I'm a white chocolate fan, and this is the best - it's made with real cocoa butter and has a rich, gourmet flavor.
0,Got these for my Mom, who literally eats pickles with everything. We would dare her to try foods with pickles, and nearly every time, she had already tried it. Perfect for any pickle lover.
0,Just like peanut butter but better.
0,really good
0,I like a little heat, but I don't want it taking my head off. To me, Tabasco hits the right balance of heat and smokiness without being bitter and has always been my go-to when seeking heat..		I just recently discovered the Raspberry Chipotle and I absolutely LOVE the taste of this. The first note you taste is the sweetness of the raspberry, followed by mild heat from the Chipotle. It doesn't leave your mouth burning - just leaves a pleasant "warmth".		I bought it on a whim but then had to figure out what to use it on. My garden is going bonkers right now, with Chocolate Cherry tomatoes and cukes coming in almost every day. Sliced a cuke, halved some maters and fine chopped some red onion and tossed in a handful of Craisens and toasted pine nuts., I mixed a basic vinaigrette with white balsamic vinegar and olive oil, added some fine snipped chives, parsely and purple basil. a little RealSalt Kosher salt and a few drops of the Raspberry Chipotle. Hubby is not a big salad fan, nor does he like heat - but this one was a home run - even with a little heat!.
0,Love Hershey's & the price. Best deal I've found.
0,This is the best tea for chasing away winter chills.  It is comforting and aromatic, with a pleasing blend of spicy and sweet notes.  Just the thing when settling in for a long read by the fireplace.
0,I use about 4 kilos of various beans every three months and try to mix up the products for tasting variety. I chose this coffee to compare with my standards and have been pleased with the smooth taste for my morning cappuccino.  While costing alittle less than my most expensive regular subscription, Premium Gold, from Lavazza, this bean has a pleasant rich body and thick creama after brewing.  I will continue to mix this in to my rotation.
0,My favorite health bar...  gluten free too!
0,love these dried pears. preservative free as well!
0,I Love me some Nutter Butters!
0,omg so good and no repeats!
0,Brings back childhood memories.  The candy cigarettes are lots of fun, tastes good, and only 48 calories per box!
0,These are exactly what spice drops are supposed to be. Small, bite size candies with a little bit of twist to the flavor. The package is simple yet effective. Price is fair and the quality is every bit as good as you would get either in bulk at a local candy shop or as the little packages you pay way too much for. They are chewy as they are intended to be but not stale. I will certainly buy them again.
0,The small was so fresh as soon as I opened the jar. The taste is better than the normal honey you get from the grocery stores. (unless it's the same type) If you like natural home remedies for dry skin, this is your go to product! It honestly makes a difference when used as a facial scrub with brown sugar or sea salt.
0,Delicious!
0,Great
0,Awesome granola bars. Denser than other that I have tried, tastes good, and has a lot of quality ingredients. You can actually taste the flax and chia seeds.
0,Locally these bags of my favorite cereal are $11.99 each but through Amazon Prime I get them for a tad over $6.00 a bag.  I was a tad concerned when reading other's reviews of receiving cereals past expiration date, and tasting funky.  Happy to say mine had plenty of time left and tasted as great as remembered.  I love the flax flavor of Mesa Sunrise.  I went to order some more and noticed that the price had jumped up several dollars a case.  I'll wait until the price drops again before ordering more.
0,Good stuff.
0,Worked fine this first time in my almost vintage bread machine! Hope this isn't beginner's luck! I followed the instructions on the back of the bag except I added the refrigerated yeast to the top of the liquid ingredients and let it sit for just a few minutes. I also beat two eggs rather than leaving them whole before adding the yeast.  In addition, I added garlic powder and dried rosemary.	I cut some slices of the bread to make sure that it was baked all the way through and it was.  The still warm bread was somewhat soft and it crumbled a bit. It was very tasty - a bit sweet, but good.  I would think of this more as a dinner roll alternative rather than a sandwich bread because it would be hard to make the slices consistently even.  The size of the loaf was only enough for a small dinner party with maybe a few pieces left over.  I don't have a gluten free setting, plus the instructions say to not use the gluten free setting anyways.  I have a Toastmaster Bread Box Model 1150.  I hadn't used it in years, but the directions on the bread mix call for either for a bread machine or a heavy duty stand mixer with whisk attachment (which I don't have).  I didn't see any option for hand kneading and mixing the bread mix.
0,I thought this tea tasted a little odd at first, but it's really grown on me.  I love the calming effects of it, as well.  Give it a try!
0,No change, delicious!
0,Nice set of k cups!!  Lot of flavor varieties!!
0,Tastes great and I really like the larger containers.
0,Love Bobs old fashion oatmeal. Eat a bowl everyother morning .
0,The packs are a generous size for me. I don't use a lot of salt, so I expect the sample to last awhile. I like having the variety readily available without committing to large amounts. I'd order other samples in this size.  It works for me.
0,I enjoy the quick service and delivery.  The product arrives as advertised and I am completely satisfied. I recommend this product as a good sugar alternative. Smells and tastes like confectioner sugar.
0,I really should take one star off for how deliciously, nutritiously, addictive these are. Made in the USA! They are a regularly stocked item in our house.
0,I have reordered this and it is the only oil I will use for cooking...makes great fries...
0,These are all great coffees and represent an excellent value especially combined with the $25.00 off promo when you purchase 3 boxes.		I've sampled 7 different offerings so far and considering that  ---subject to INDIVIDUAL tastes and preferences, the coffees were all excellent!  I do consider myself an educated coffee drinker, and I do appreciate all styles.  For me coffee is like eating cake or drinking wine, there are many tasty styles and variations.		The personalities all varied, but every cup was fresh, and this is very difficult to achieve if you brew coffee at home and the most important reason for going with a Tassimo or its cousins.		To me, The European Variety Pack seemed like lighter versions of true european coffee  --however I still enjoyed them.		There is one caveat, the Jacob Latte Machiatto.  Although the coffee itself was excellent, the milk was not. Latte machiatto uses just a spot of espresso in a full cup of steamed milk and this was more like milky water with coffee.		The milk disks are truly an abmonination, it tastes like watery evaporated milk, I'd sooner use a can of carnation milk. As for the coffee itself, I found it delicious.  So this is where I deducted a star.  I would rather they replace the milk disks with more of the coffee disks. Despite my complaint on the milk disks, this was my favorite selection of the three.  I'd like to see this coffee offered without the milk discs.		The Mastro Lorenzo has a more full bodied round but flatter taste due to the robusto beans as compared to pure arabica beans, kind of like a diner coffee but stronger, and definitely tastier.		The Carte Noir Petit Dejeuner is bright and slightly acidic.  It reminds me of the donut chain coffees, Dunkin Donuts and Tim Horton's come to mind, as Dunkin Donuts coffee can vary considerably from store to store and batch to batch, this coffee is actually preferable.		All in all, I enjoyed these coffees immensley as straight coffee with cream. All three work for making a latte/cafe au lait if you heat your own milk, which frankly is easy to do, only slightly more labor intesive and certainly amore earth friendly approach.		This variety pack should definitely be on your to try list. If you like a thinner lighter taste, more water can be added and the coffees would still be tasty.  I like to short them to make my morning latte.		The only exception is if you like really strong coffee with an acidic slightly burnt taste, then stick to Starbucks.
0,So often you see spices sold in plastic containers.  Fresh, non contaminated spice translates to a better flavor in your finished foods
0,Great for dark coffee lovers!
0,Wanted to make my own Zattar. Needed sumac, got plenty!  We have used it on fish and chicken, adds that a nice touch of tart that makes everything taste good. A little goes a long way so this will last.
0,Great coffee...
0,Excellent  product.  works and tastes wonderful
0,Love this, it's a fast treat and love the caramel taste.
0,While this came highly recommended, I must admit that I was both excited to try it and a bit hesitant, but it turns out I didn't need to be hesitant at all. This stuff is good!		While the unbrewed ground don't smell terribly like coffee, when they're brewed the bear a strong resemblance. And though the drink doesn't taste exactly like coffee, it is pretty close. And when you factor in that the combination of ingredients used to make this is actually good for you, it turns out to be a real winner, particularly for my pregnant wife who is avoiding all caffeine.		And, no surprise here, Amazon's price is ridiculous. Teeccino is $8.50 a bag in the grocery store, so this is basically buy 2, get 1 free. We will definitely be buying our next bags here.
0,These beans are good for making vanilla extract.  I am satisfied with my purchase.
0,This candy is excellent! I bought this originally to try and for my Mom. Let's just say since I purchased she has me buying two bags almost every couple of weeks! She is addicted!!!
0,I love this product and always keep it in my pantry. Amazon makes it easy since my local grocery store doesn't always have it. You don't even miss the salt. It has great flavor. I also recommend the chili mix.		If this review was helpful, please click yes below.
0,thank you
0,good
0,Yummy- just as I remembered as a kid!
0,Very please with this wonderful aroma...
0,Arrived perfectly...
0,Very good product & good price. It tastes good & is much larger than I can get at the store, which I like. Minimum mixing is required. Must be refrigerated after opening.
0,This review is for the smoked paprika flavor.		I have had Rawxies cookies before and thought they were pretty good for raw, vegan cookies (the lemon poppyseed ones are my favorites).  So I was excited to see that Rawxies had a new product.		You know, I'm less enthusiastic about this than I am about the cookies, but it's not bad.  It depends on your expectations.  If you are used to eating healthful, minimally-processed food, you will probably like these more than if you eat a more conventional American diet.  Because these definitely taste (and feel) like they are good for you.		The smoked paprika flavor is nice.  It's not too smoky, which is good, because I'm not really into the whole "smoky" flavor thing.  There's nutritional yeast in them as well, so there's a pseudo-cheese flavor that actually kind of works.		You can see the full nutrition facts panel and ingredients list if you zoom in on the product images.  Of note, a small amount of this snack is actually kind of high in calories.  This is broken in to random pieces and four average-sized pieces are about 100 calories (I weighed this on my kitchen scale and did the math).  So you could end up eating a lot more calories than you intended if you just mindlessly eat out of the bag (and I *did* like this enough to do that).		On the other hand, despite being high calorie, these are also nutrient dense, with tons of protein and fiber as well as a reasonable amount of healthful plant fats and lots of the minerals associated with seeds.  Plus, sugars are very low.		In the end, worth a try if you like healthful, less-processed snacks.  I will finish the bag I have and be on the lookout for other flavors.
0,good quality, good price
0,Dried cranberries are tasty and a lot more healthy than other things I stuff in my mouth, from French fries to soda. I'm only deducting one point for the added sugar. I'm still looking for dried cranberries that have NO added sugar, or at least very little added sugar.
0,Very good crackers to snack on......
0,I purchased this pack as my daughter is dairy and glutton free. I have made waffles twice now, yummy! Would recommend it for everyone!
0,have ordered numerous times & will continue to
0,A favorite; makes it EASY to make "Lodge Coffee" at home with my Keurig and the flavored syrups (Kahlua and Orange) that are also available from Amazon.
0,Like the other reviews have mentioned, this product is strong in the lemon flavor. but it doesn't come off as a very imitation lemon. So that's okay for me. Seems like this is the only decaf iced tea mix out there. I like to drink it all hours of the evening, and know I am not getting the amount of stimulant I would from a quart or more of standard tea. If I want home-made tea, I will make it. this is not a home made tea flavor. But it is a totally acceptable commercial iced tea mix flavor. I stretch the sweetness and lemon by adding a pint of straight decaf tea from bags, and a pint of water. that's how I like it. I will order it as long as it's available. then when it is gone (as most things I like go) I will go back to making a gallon from decaf bags and real lemon and my chosen amount of sugar. I am also most pleased that they didn't assume that because I want decaf, that I'm settling for artificial sweetner. take away one chemical and add another? this is a unique product and I am doing my part to support it.
0,Well, it's freeze dried food so I went in with low expectations. But it's pretty good. I'd rather go to a restaurant, or use fresh chicken, but when your location just does not allow that, this is fine.
0,This seasoning is a staple in my house. Whether using a little or a lot, it adds great flavor and a little zing to all my foods. Try it and wake up your taste buds to some excitement.
0,Took a box to the office.  Twizzlers are much loved, particularly the all red ones.  Their individual wrapping is best for everyone.
0,I had tried many times before to make vegetable curries but was never successful.  Rani Curry Powder and Garam Masala make it so easy and delicious.  I've now ordered Ground Ginger, Mustard Seeds, Ground Cloves, and Chilli Powder.  All were sealed and double wrapped to prevent damage in shipment.  I recommend Rani to all my friends.
0,There are a lot of packages, but can't say I won't' use them all. I like to grind them so they're finer, and they come in a resealable bag which is great.
0,extra flavor
0,One of my favorite Kcup brands I find adding some milk to the mug and proper measure of water with the kcup makes a good tasty hot drink just stir after the brewing is done.
0,Delicious tea. I was drinking Splendid Organic oolong that I was buying from my local health food store until they stopped keeping it in stock (here on amazon it's 3x the price). So decided to try Prince of Peace oolong. You can't beat the price and it is a delicious tea, it is a little more mild than Splendid but all the flavor is there and I can't complain about anything. We drink it for its health benefits, but mainly because it's just so darn good. Anyone looking for a great tea that's in the middle of black and green taste wise should try Oolong. Best of both worlds!
0,This is an awesome variety pack. It's so much fun to open the box to see what flavors you are getting. I loved all of them so much that I	just ordered another box!
0,I love the variety pack of these noodles. These are great on subscribe and save, now I don't have to go to the store to pick up noodles for dinner. Since we don't eat pasta all the time a six pack can easily last us 2 months.
0,This is the ultimate seasoned salt. I received a free sample from BzzAgent so I could tell you what I thought of it. Its got a perfect mixture of seasonings that you can use on anything from tacos to a salad. Its got a great pop that makes your mouth water. Its a great product!
0,Perfect emergency storage food.
0,Love size.  Use for cooking & hummingbirds.
0,If you're on a gluten free or grain free diet, this is an interesting substitute for wheat flour.  Items will come out a less firm than goods baked with a wheat flour.  If you're trying to simulate a wheat flour, experiment by blending this with other flour type like almond to attain a firmer dough.  But, its not a bad substitute.  Its a bit grainy and gooy if you use it straight, so i recommemd blending it.  But if it keeps your gut healthy, who really cares if its a but grainy, yeah?
0,Works well on everything: chicken, pork, beef, etc...
0,Fast ship, fair price would order again..
0,not my personal favorite flavor but pretty good.
0,I bought this to put on my salmon because I hate protien. This made it taste so much better and in my opinion is goes best with salmon. We don't have a trader joes (yet) where I'm from so glad to have fast shipping for this product on Amazon.
0,Tastes as good as the salty mustard I used to eat.  I will continue to use it.
0,Have been looking for a good tasting fudge.  I found it in Hall's Assorted Fudge.  It melted in my mouth.  Wonderful tastes.  There are 8 flavors in this box:  Chocolate, Vanilla, Chocolate Walnut, Maple Walnut, Peanut Butter Layered Chocolate, Peanut Butter, Chocolate Peanut Butter and Penuche Walnut.  Loved everyone, even though I didn't think I would.  If you have a sweet tooth that loves fudge, give it a try.  Hopefully you will find that you like it as much as I do.  By-the-way, this is not a to-be- hared box of fudge!!!
0,I wish they were more sour!  But they're good.
0,This was a gift from my niece. I had been recovering from heart failure and was feeling a bit down. These teas have been delicious. I am half way through the box and I can't tell you how much I am enjoying them. I have especially enjoyed the chai teas. I just finished ordering several flavors from the box! This is just what the doctor ordered! No better way to relax, and having so many flavors to choose from, heaven!
0,Recommended by Cook's Illustrated, so I took a chance and ordered this giant quantity of chicken stock. It arrived safely and we love the taste. I think I will leave it on Subscribe and Save, so that we have a constant source of good chicken stock.  Note that we often add just one bouillon cube, to deepen the complexity of flavor.
0,This is the best smelling lavender I have ever come across. I haven't used it in anything yet because I keep forgetting I have it. Soon
0,The kids love it
0,Omg it's the best grape candy I've had in a very long time. The smell hits you the moment you open the bag. It doesn't last for a long time lol. Overall, I would recommend it to anyone who loves candy.
0,YUM!
0,After tryng almost every brand of coconut water that is available in the U.S., I have realized that they vary quite a bit in flavor by where the coconuts are grown. It is kind of like coffee. There is no "one brand" that meets everybody's preferences. Some are naturally sweeter than others. This is one of the coconut waters that rate high on the natural sweetness scale. For me, it is exactly what I wanted and could not be more pleased with the quality and taste of this coconut water. If you are looking for pure coconut water that is on naturally sweet side, then this is your stuff! It is not a bitter one and is very refreshing served ice cold. I liked it so much I am on the auto shipping of this product. Thanks for offering it Amazon!
0,It was fine for a gluten free option. Drier, denser, and stickier than normal poppy lemon loaf. Hubby couldn't eat it because of the stickiness. I am having it, bit by bit, for dessert after supper with coffee. I think it's fine. It does have the slightest, little odd undertone. But when you've been GF a while and have no choice --ie, eat gluten and get horrible eczema and breathing issues--you make do.		If you like lemon poppy loaf, you might wanna try it. It's not like the real thing precisely, a bit different, but it gives one a cake treat that is reminscent of the original.
0,Kicked the grocery store's butt on price. Delicious and price couldn't be beat. I'll be reordering when I run out!
0,This is by far the freshest, richest tasting tea we've ever tried.  The aroma is very deep, the spices obviously fresh because of their sharpness and the blend is just right.  Not too much clove, or too much Cinnamon, just enough to make a wonderfully spicy cup of tea.  We only use about 1 Tbs/Keurig cup and it comes out great.
0,Good sugar-free treat. Nice little pastilles. Didn't come in the box shown here.
0,I love this syrup and used it in allot of recipes!
0,Wow, what great flavor!  These are low in sugar but high in taste.  The vanilla bean specks are actually visible.
0,My grandmother used to make this for me when I was a kid. I was so happy to find Stouffer's offers it frozen. I ate the entire package with 2 pieces of toast but am sure it is meant for two people. Would need a salad if you stretched it to two  IMO.  Surprisingly tasty - try it!
0,All kids love blow  pops ! Enough here for 100 trick or treaters !
0,Great price
0,This has been my best friend for such a long time now. Im a fruit lover so I can hardly stay a whole day without having the exotic taste of fruits. Some of my friends also purchase this stuff and they also say its amazing, so I would definitely recommend it to anyone.
0,Wow, this product is great and I served it at dinner and everyone loved it.  Will buy more in the future.
0,Mine came in a tin!  I had read reviews that this came in a plastic tub (my Cadbury Roses and Heroes did this year), but mine arrived in a real tin.  It says 900g on the front, too.		As for the quality of the chocolates... I'm going to throw this out there.  Shipped chocolates will NEVER be the same quality as they are when purchased and consumed in the country of their origin.  These were not only shipped from the UK to an Amazon facility, but then they were shipped (2-day, at that) to me.  The texture and consistency CANNOT hold up with all that heating/cooling/flying/storage.  I am VERY satisfied with how these came to me.  They never melted in transit (ordered in January), and they are only just a bit stale/hard from all they've been through.  So I will rate them 5 stars from my expectations rather than from the initial quality of the product.		If you're unfamiliar with these chocolates, they aren't labeled with which type they are.  I found a "key" at the bottom of the tin.  If you want to know what's what, you just have to dig a little.  :)
0,I made this a few times a week for breakfast for my kids and myself and it is great everytime! The instructions are easy to read/understand and follow. I like to use half water and half milk when on the stovetop and then add in a bit of extra milk to make it creamy at the end once it is in my bowl.		This is so much more healthy over the single packets with all the added sugar and such. being that it is both non-GMO and organic is also a win!		I like to mix in trail mix sometimes for some added yummyness and my favorite is the Almond Coconut Noir by Wickedly Prime -&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Wickedly-Prime-Trail-Mix-Almond-Coconut-Noir-Snack-Pack-1-5-Ounce-Pack-of-15/dp/B072R8MTDV/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Wickedly Prime Trail Mix, Almond Coconut Noir, Snack Pack,1.5 Ounce (Pack of 15)</a>&nbsp;it will blow your breakfast away!
0,Good, strong tea.	We like this tea in  the morning, but it is a little too strong for the afternoon. We prefer Ceylon a little more.
0,Great brand!
0,These are great and don't have artificial sweeteners in them!
0,great value for the price
0,My brother is a chiiehead and he warned me about Blair's being 'hot'. Blair's make a whole range of hot sauces, some of which are indeed outrageously high in Scoville units. This one however is quite good and about 6 times hotter than a Jalapeno. This is noticeably hotter than Tabasco but the flavor is similar to Tabasco. So, if you like that venerable standby but want something more, give this a try.		Shipping is a significant cost if you are buying a small quantity.
0,Good product from a family farm with eco-friendly practices.
0,Easy transaction, great product
0,good product
0,Love it!!!
0,Just received this today and had to try it right away.  Wow, it is such a beautiful green color and it tastes delicious (I add a sweetener to my latte).
0,These are the best. If you're reading a review on crackers you're life is in shambles.
0,I love this product! Thanks.
0,Great snack, just received and couldn't believe how great the flavor was without the sugar. I'm so sick of all the food I like is pre sugared. The only thing I would like more is bigger chunks.
0,Yes I do like this Coffee Booster.  I wish it comes in a larger size.  Mine it is already half way and mostly use it on weekends and when I want a pick me up during the week.  Really chocolaty.  Ready to buy my next bottle.
0,Excellent. Great flavor and freshness. So much better than anything I've found in the grocery store.
0,A hit for flavor at the Cantina I manage. Slow to empty the bottle I purchased because of the packaging not being as flashy as other sauces but good reviews! Give it a try!
0,Good product
0,This is the real-deal organic apple cider vinegar.  I use it ever day, there's no better apple cider vinegar on the market.
0,love, love, love this stuff.  I drink 1 with lunch everyday just for the taste
0,great with summer sausage
0,I can't get enough of this bars! my favorite protein bar, I wish they had more protein content, but they taste so good I don't mind.
0,I used to buy these overseas. Bought from here, they seem just as good quality and just the same. So nice to taste them again.
0,To steal someone else's line, this is my new favorite kcup.  It is strong without being bitter.  Immediately ordered more even though I have a year's supply of kcups in my pantry.  Have had no trouble with grounds in the cup.  I have had that problem with other kcups.  I wonder if the cups just overflow sometimes.  But not with these.
0,Soooooo Gooooood
0,love
0,I did the research.  I was looking for an organic almond extract from a reputable company (not made in someone's kitchen) who's quality was verifiable.  This product is certified organic and meets FDA standards.  I have used it (almond custard was the best test recipe and it came out stellar) and been delighted with the results. This specific listing for three bottles is a great value and it qualifies for free shipping.  I highly recommend it.
0,This is good mint jelly. It contains no apple (as with other jellies). Honestly, I cannot tell the difference other than this jelly having a slightly more pronounced and concentrated mint flavor.
0,Arrived fine, fresh.  (Im glad its cold weather because iv had trouble ordering chocolate through the mail previously) you can tell they are pretty fragie but high quality. Very sweet. One goes a long way, which isn't true of other brands in my experience. Cherry a little soft. I agree with another reviewer they were probably cheaper (and probably a lot more stale) at the dollar store. Reminds me of how movie theater candy is priced, sure you will pay for the convenience but not all of the time.
0,With the cost of everything going up it was really nice having the chocolate chips around when I bake or choose a recipe to do.
0,The product arrived on time, fresh and tasty.  package seems use quality material, the resealable design is quite convenient.  Will buy more.
0,My husbands favorite but getting too expensive  What's up?
0,Excellent chamomile tea. Good taste and does make me sleepy at bedtime. Will order more when this is gone. The Amazon description was very clear and accurate. The Amazon customer reviews were helpful. It was well packaged and arrived on schedule.
0,i like chili but i have not tasted too many great ones. this chili is great. it tastes like a spicy version of the chili that i eat from the restaurant "Chilis", but for a fraction of the price. If you're looking to burn the hell out of your mouth, this isn't the chili for you, i can see how some can be disapointed. this is a spicy chili but not a "too hot" spicy chili, just moderate. if you're looking for a great chili with some moderate kickback, this is a 4-5 star cheap go-to canned chili, the best ive tasted! if you're looking for a super spicy chili, that lives up to the name "firehouse", you will have to look elsewhere, this doesn't even make me want water, but at the same time, it leaves my mouth feeling nice and spicy fresh, i won't go back to "regular" now.
0,I love the stove top product but this does not come in a box as pictured and does not come in 6 packets as described.  THIS COMES IN ONE LARGE BAG THAT IS NOT RESEALABLE.  Which is not the description given. That is my complaint
0,I absolutely love these chips!! Tasty, I mean packed with flavor, treat that I don't have to worry about eating. I just wish I could find these in grocery stores where I live. I got them once when on vacation...now I'm totally excited that they are on Amazon because now I can enjoy them more often!! Thanks Beanfields for making a healthy and delicious snack...and making it available to those of us that  live  small towns.
0,Tastes as rich as more expensive brands, great value for the money.
0,I've used this for years in roasts and gravies and it gives everything great flavor.
0,good
0,Really good taste. Strange color tho, I wonder what the color is?
0,I just opened the bag and was surprised how rich the color was. I previously bought the IZA Organics brand of turmeric because of it's high ratings and the product ended-up being pretty good in terms of richness in color and taste. After I opened the Feel Good brand, I was happy to see the color looked as rich as the IZA brand, if not brighter. The IZA brand looked more of a burnt orange while the Feel Good brand looked more orange. I didn't go for color alone; I tasted both brands and the Feel Good brand has a slight edge as far as richness and zing. I attached a photo comparing the color of both brands. I took many photos and this one looks the closest to the actual colors. I would definitely purchase again.
0,Love it!  Costco has the same product for the same price.  This one is delivered to my door in 2 days.  If I'm not heading to Costco that week, I always order here.  This is the most for your money in regards to organic coconut oil.  I use it in everything and go through about a tub a month.  Couldn't ask for more.
0,My husband and I are crazy about these mints! They are fabulous and love that they are organic and so much goes into making sure they are a healthy version of mints/candies. Very strong and don't leave you with bad sugar breathe afterwards like some sugar mints do. We have gone through multiple bags in the past 3 months & reordered.
0,Nice tart taste, great with a dab of butter.
0,Great item!!
0,arrived on time,it seems to help me. I work grave yard shifts and hard to	sleep during day but this seems to help a lot for me with no hangover feeling.	my grocery store stopped carrying it so nice to find on amazon.com but is a bit	more expensive about 2.50 bottle vs when at store here until discontinued was	2.00 bottle.	I recommend this.and taste is better when chilled.
0,Goid quality meal replacements
0,I love peanuts very much I'll be ordering more when I ran out thank you for a great services thank you
0,The texture of these mangos is a pleasant chew. They're still very pliable and not rock hard. I think they can be a little tart or green tasting at times as if it wasn't dried at peak ripeness of the fruit. I like that these are just pure mangos and not crystallized with sugar.
0,Love this tea. It is perfect to mix with Davidson's honeybush. There are alot of wonderful health claims...but, I would drink it daily even it there weren't. It's delicious.
0,Delicious!
0,We always love mini moos and use them daily....so I've been buying it for our church Bible study groups and they are used regularly too.
0,A dark roast coffee. . .  With a bold taste. I like this brand. Add a little half and half, and you end up with a strong taste--leavened somewhat by the half and half.		This K-cup translates into a very fine cup of coffee. . . .
0,I like cracker jacks; they are sweet enough to satisfy my sugar craving and the peanuts provide a pop of salt.  Most sizes available in the grocery stores, however, are simply too big.  The treats get soggy if you try to save them.  This particular packaging is approximately half of what is contained in the traditional 'box' of cracker jacks.  It's a perfect amount for a snack,  yet not to much that you throw away half or eat too much to finish it off.  The snacks stay fresh until each bag is opened.  Best of all, the snacks are convenient.  I would buy this again!
0,I DO NOT KNOW WHY PEOPLE SHY AWAY FROM THIS WONDER ITEM  OUR BODIES MAKE A LITTLE OF THIS AND THIS ADDS SO MUCH FLAVOR TO ALL DISHES
0,This coffee is tasty and my new go to.
0,I first discovered Gourmet on the Go at my local "Giant Eagle" grocery store and took a chance on it. I wanted to find something that I could grab in the morning to take to work and still be a healthy alternative. I must admit that I have not been disappointed. I looked online for it and found that Amazon has the best prices for it along with a variety to select from. I bought Cous Cous, Three Bean and Salmon varieties. I really like the Salmon the best, but they are all very good. Just like the name says, Gourmet on the Go... you really can take this anywhere - work, hiking/camping, afternoon snack. I really like the convenience of a meal such as this. I eat it at room temperature right out of the can. I like the packaging. It comes with a spork (spoon/folk combo) and salt/pepper, and a seasoning packet.
0,The price is right and got this delivered through Prime Pantry with 25 other goodies for a flat $6 fee for UPS service. As for the peanuts, I thought these were OK, but I like those peanuts with the thick coating. The price is cheap and the product is good with door step service through Prime Pantry was excellent..
0,Delicious and healthy
0,Very delicious.  I love it on my vegies and scrambled eggs. Great product and excellent price.
0,i've bought several of these packages - either the original or teryiaki version.  typically, i add them as fillers to move me to the $35 level for free shipping.  taste and texture is great.
0,this was a good order and I will order again when the time comes to order this product in the future
0,HAVE USED THIS PRODUCT FOR YEARS .. EXCELLENT...
0,I'm not a beef or turkey jerky lover but these are great. For weight watchers, they are only one point and a good source of protein during the afternoon at work.
0,My son loves these as a snack. He is allergic  to everything, so finding a good snack for on the go was very difficult. With these he gets his protein, without having to ingest any lactose, casein, or soy
0,i saw this in the Star Magazine in an article. They were saying how all the mom who are stars are drinking this and their kids like. the had one of my favorite stars on their drinking pear. so i have tried pear i tastes wonderful. i also notice the water temp makes the water tastes better like watermelon if its not really cold you can taste it, but pear and the blackberry they are fine if they are a little colder.
0,I'm just starting g-free; I was expecting the food to taste weird/different. Well these are better than wheat brownies. I'd serve these to company in a second - and they'd just think they're really good brownies. Very highly recommended.
0,Better tasting always fresh top of the line
0,Nice bag of smarties for the Electric Light Parade to toss to the crowd as our float passes by.  Good.
0,Best Vanilla. I have tried many brands and have had friends bring back several kinds from Mexico but this one has the best taste from all. I make cupcakes and it's what I use for my icings.  All my customers love it!
0,Great-tasting healthy tea at a reasonable price. The subtle mint flavor is good without sweetener - and is great for the breath, too! The caffeine effect is modest, at most, in my opinion. If you finish your hot tea, throw it in the fridge for a nice refreshing iced tea to drink later! The 100-Count didn't come in the usual dispenser box; 100 foil tea packets were in a brown cardboard mailing box.
0,I love everything red velvet, but this is not Power Crunch's best flavor.  All their bars can be somewhat messy, but for some reason, these are the messiest, by far - even when kept in the fridge.  I'm glad I tried them, but I'll stick to the Choc Mint, Choc, Vanilla, & Cookies & Cream flavors
0,These gumballs come in a tall ten or eleven inch cellophane bag with just over 50 one inch balls per bag. So far I've tried just about all flavors I could find Green Apple, Grape, Cherry, Lemon, Blueberry, Orange, and Watermelon.		These were a good buy it you wanted to load up on a particular flavor or fill a gum machine with a specific color/flavor.		All these bags at the time of purchase came from Candy Gift Shop and they were all fresh balls and no stale crumblies at the bottom of the bags. These do not have the Dubble Bubble logo on them but I can confirm that they do taste great whoever it is that makes them.		Even if you didn't use them in a gumball machine, they would be good to use  for children's party's goodie bag stuffers or things like that.
0,Just my favorite honey ever. Tastes absolutely delicious
0,Great Price and They Were FRESH
0,Love this in my protein shakes!
0,WOW I just got my order today and tried this brand and had also gotten the cajun as well. They are both fantastic! Lower calorie, lower fat than other beef sticks out there and not a mouth full of salt, I have found my new favorite carry around snack!	I'm diabetic so I like to carry small bags of peanuts but have been looking for good quality beef stick that is nice and portable in a snack emergency.	I was very impressed with the quality, some sticks are all salt and grease and mystery meat. Try this you won't be disappointed. I will say the cajun was a little spicy for me but I will still enjoy them, I prefer this flavor more.
0,good for those who wish to eat healthy
0,i Love these cherries..and so happy I found them on Amazon.!!
0,My husband is kind of meh about this cereal, but I love it. And it holds you for awhile.
0,If your expecting a cup of coffee - and nothing more, than this is not the product for you - your taste buds will experience a whole new level of flavor from this Herbal Coffee.		It's rich, silky, and has a very clean finish.		It has a very nice smell when brewing, but does not replace the smell of coffee, which I think I love most about coffee.		I love the colour of the brew, and it pairs well with Silk Soy Creamer, or Soy Milk.		I brew mine in my coffee maker, just as I would coffee - I use a permanet gold cone filter.
0,Best decaf tea!
0,Works well in baked goods. Danielle Walker recommended it and it does make a difference in the quality of baked goods.
0,I wanted to get a bunch of gum in bulk to save money, and this was perfect.  Great flavor that lasts a while.
0,These are just great. I have taken them to restaurants and ordered a salad with no dressing, then used my own Walden Farms packets. So convenient! And these dressings are really tasty! No calories, no carbs, no sugar! And yet they are good. How do they do it?
0,This Halls brand of cough drops has been providing me with relief from sore throat symptoms since my childhood. The cherry flavor is pleasant-tasting, and they work immediately, and are extremely soothing. In addition, the price point at which they are being offered represents a superb value. I give this Economy Pack of 80 Halls Cherry Cough Drops a five-star rating, and my highest recommendation.
0,Another lovely tea from Golden Tips Teas. I very much enjoyed my Assam Gold Second Flush Tea. I've been reading up on teas since ordering and sampling it and learning more about what the descriptions mean - and have decided I quite like 'second flush' teas - this one, like the others I have tried have a lovely robust flavor. This isn't a delicate prissy tea but more the sort I imagine someone would drink as a restorative cup. It was slightly malty, smelled heavenly and tasted even better. The color of this tea is a lovely dark honey color - thanks in part to the small amount of lighter colored tips in the bag. The leaves, unlike the tea 'powder' that most people are used to seeing in teabags are large pieces that once brewed unfurl into something that can actually be recognized as a part of a leaf, not just some mushy plant matter. This large leaf size also makes for a cleaner cup of tea as bits of the leaf aren't as likely to escape the strainer and make it into the mug.		I tried my first mug plain.. and while it was nice, I much prefer my tea with a bit of sweetener - preferably raw sugar. With black teas I also like a splash of milk or half and half. This tea was perfect for this - a lovely balanced cup that had a bit of malty flavor but didn't get into the overly bitter flavors that some strong black teas have. The leaves are even strong enough to make a second cup, though that one tended to be a bit weaker. It's still very drinkable though.		I enjoyed this tea very much and it has been added to my regular roster of teas - I am never far from a mug of hot tea during the winter months. I'm especially enjoying it in the afternoon with a digestive biscuit or a ginger snap to dunk into it.		I did receive this tea at a discount in return for an honest and unbiased review - though let me put it on record - I am enjoying this tea enough that I will likely order more as soon as it runs out - it is incredibly affordable and is much better than some of the 'fancy' tea bags I have purchased over the years.
0,The Spicy Hot version of V8 is the only way to go.  I can not say enough good things about it so I will just say that it is really a pity that amazon [at this time] no longer sells it in any form that qualifies for prime shipping.
0,Sometimes a regulars sized Snicker's bar is too much. When you want a little treat, the mini's are the perfect size.
0,This sis the large flake slightly rougher style that is a nice spicy hot with subtle overtones and a short  stay on your palate.  The hot does not linger and ,ake it un-enjoyable like some other products do.
0,This is a very tasty, healthy cinnamon!
0,This honey is delicious.  It tastes great in plain Greek yogurt with fruit and in tea.  I highly recommend it.
0,ok
0,This is the best chocolate I have ever had. All different kinds. Great selection to choose from. Already ordered more. And was received before date that was given.
0,I really enjoyed the raspberry flavors of this candy.  I also like the individual packages.  I gave some away for Valentine's Day.
0,good syrup. just the right size for a family of 2. nice maple flavor. great warmed up at breakfast time or mixed w/ whole grain seedy mustard as a topping on salmon or chicken.
0,Works in coffee and recipes!
0,It wasn't what I was expecting, but it is also not what I am used to using (extract), but I like it so much better.
0,How do you really rate water? Well it's a personal decision! To me I think Dasani is the smoothest bottled waters out there at this price level. Sure you could spend a lot more on the fancier waters but this is really all I want to spend on bottled water. Plus to me some of those more fancier waters had an odd taste to them. Dasani is smooth. It's comparable to Aquafina but just a step above which is why it makes sense that this costs a little more.		These particular bottles are the smaller ones. They are not the full size water bottle which means you can easily throw them in your purse, backpack, or whatever you're carrying around. With that being said I think that you can easily drink a whole one of these with a meal.
0,My wife and I use these as a quick, nutritious, satisfying meal.  We serve it over rice.  Good price when purchased by the dozen.
0,I love this tea.  It always leaves me feeling refreshed and invigorated and it's delicious!
0,I have been buying this Stevia for years.  It doesn'the have the bitter after taste.
0,I had a friend give me a few of these and I liked them so much I had to order some. Nice pumpkin taste not too strong, very smooth. Good for fall get togethers.
0,Tasted great
0,Flavor is so terrific I can almost just eat it as is. Wonderful and will now be a permanent salt used in our home.
0,This is going to make a great gift!
0,I have been drinking this tea for years.  the stores in our area stopped selling it so, guess what, I looked on Amazon and there it was. It is full flavored and rich.  Love it.
0,Good strong coffee !
0,Good beverage, decent amount of caffeine
0,love these pods
0,GREAT PRODUCT, FAST DELIVERY, THANK YOU WILL ORDER AGAIN SOON .
0,I really like this product and the price was ood.
0,This is very good tasting and it's vegan. You should try the ordinal flavor one they have in the jar. It taste so good. No Wonder Hellman's Mayo sued them. It's delicious, plant base and egg less. Everything is coming up vegan these days
0,Such a great sampler!
0,Easy to brew and great taste with a little caffeine kick
0,I love Pocky as a treat. Opening the boxes along the perforated area so it's like a crayon box full of biscuit sticks with a creamy coating, trying to imitate women in Pocky commercials biting off a stick with a swing of the hair, the flavor and crunch- it's just one of my favorite snacks.		10 boxes set in a display type box, packaged in plastic- these arrived intact. Open the plastic, pull out a box, open it- and you smell Strawberry Quik. It's not a true strawberry scent, it's a strawberry flavored scent. The box says artificially flavored across the front so hopefully that's what you expect. There is some natural flavoring though- the ingredients list includes strawberry powder. It also has red beet color listed. All flavorings, coloring, preservatives, leavening, etc are listed as being less than 1%. The main ingredients are flour, sugar, lactose, milk powder, oils and shortening.		The biscuits are light, crunchy and very bland. The flavor comes from the cream which covers most of the biscuit leaving room to grab neatly on the end. The uncoated end is on the same side of the box as the opening so completely no muss. The sticks are sealed in a plastic bag for freshness in the box.		The flavor is reminiscent of Strawberry Quik as well. So if you like Strawberry milk, you'll probably enjoy these.	Strawberry Pocky is my favorite, although I do enjoy Chocolate too.
0,These are great. I buy them regularly. A good replacement for all the sugar junk out there. Price is ok, sometimes they are cheaper in a store, but Amazon ships them right to my mouth.
0,Great
0,As advertised. Good price.
0,great product
0,Great Flavor! and best bang for the buck!
0,It is what it is!
0,I had the chance to try this tea and found that it works great!  It is also yummy, at least to me.  I tend to be too acidic since I eat a lot of meat.  I also am in the habit of checking my urine ph every time I use the bathroom as when I get acidic I feel droopy.  My former solution to be alkaline was baking soda.  That gave me a funny feeling in one kidney and I then read that the stuff can be associated with kidney problems.  Plus, its not great for digestion.  Then I tried lemon juice.  It works great but I had to use a lot and worried about all that acid on my teeth, even when using a straw to drink it.  No problem with this tea about any acid.		I personally have to use about 3 spoons a day of the tea, which means I need more than one can a month, but it's worth it and no more expensive in the long run than the organic lemon juice.  Be careful not to get toooo alkaline as I have read from at least one source that this can cause lymphatic issues.  7.2 is the magic number.
0,This was the first K-Cup coffee that I purchased.  A bit too strong for me but it really has a good kick in the morning...
0,The best stuff
0,Because my physician just directed me to look for calcium-rich (vegan) foods, I was excited about these dark chocolate almonds, and they do not disappoint.  Tasty, and not too sweet.	I'm puzzled why a bag is 1.25 servings, though (the nutritional facts, including the 180 calories per serving, are based on that.  Also, would it be so hard to get Kosher certification?  Much of my family will not consume because this package lacks one.
0,I love this tea! I primarily drink it for its fat burning properties.  I don't add sugar to it at all.  The taste is clean and refreshing.  Delivered on time as stated.
0,Very presentable and delicious chocolate!
0,If you like the original, solid and tasty cheese puffs, you'll love this product.  Far more substantial than their baked counterparts; and, absolutely in a higher league than most present-day offerings.
0,i will start off by sayin the dr. mcdougall brand is a life saver for me. being a vegan it can be difficult to find really quick and easy meals. i was scared to buy all of them at once, so at my local store i got one of every flavor. they are all tastey but to me this one stood out. the flavor is awesome. i cook it differently than the package says ( i do that for all of them).		the only problem i have with the asian entrees is that it is 200 calories per serving and there is two in a cup. noone is only going to eat half of it. that would just be a bad idea. other flavors have less calories per serving. and at my local store you can get it for the about the same price per container. i know that might be location dependant because when i lived in a different state it was cheaper to get it here. i know with the subscribe and save it always works out to get it on amazon. i keep these in my car because i never know if i need a meal on the go. these are super handy and super tastey. i would recommend any of them.
0,wife loves it
0,I put this soup in my husband's lunch at least once a week. He really likes the taste and even takes it sometimes in the summer.		I like getting this soup here on subscribe and save. It really does save me. I end up paying almost half of what it costs me to buy it in the town where I live with the added benefit that they deliver it right to my door so I don't have to lug heavy cans home from the grocery store.
0,Great add on
0,Very good tasting and appetite filling. Also if you read reviews they appear to be very good for you with a lot of helpful ingredients.
0,When I first received this, I felt I had to add a fresh egg even though the package says that only water is needed.  Then one morning, I didn't have an egg and had to follow package directions.  The waffles were still wonderful!
0,JAN 2018 UPDATE:  This 3-pack is no longer available (or certainly is not easy to find), but individual bottles can be purchased through Sodastream or Target.  (For some reason, the individual bottles are currently very expensive on Amazon.)  They are called fruit drops.		------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------		My husband and I are both trying to cut back significantly on diet pop because of the artificial sweetener and other chemicals (and do not want the sugar/calories of regular soda). We tried coffee, tea and tap water, but were disappointed. I especially missed the carbonation of the diet soda. I then found a naturally flavored sparkling water I liked at my local grocery store, but the store is often out of stock.  (It did take some adjustment to the less subtle flavor of these naturally flavored drinks compared to those that are artificially sweetened.)  Eventually, we discovered the SodaStream Fizzi Sparkling Water Maker and have been very pleased with it.  (I still allow myself one diet pop a day; just cant completely give it up!)  With this sparkling water maker, you can make the water to your exact liking. You can control the amount of flavoring (barely there to very strong), as well as the amount of carbonation (few bubbles to extremely carbonated).		This SodaStream MyWater variety pack consists of 3 unsweetened flavors:  orange, raspberry, and lemon-lime.  The flavors are subtle.  It is suggested to add one-half teaspoon per liter of water (but I add more than that).  If you make the water based on the instructions, this 3-pack will make 20 liters of flavored water.  You can also combine the flavors if you like.		The price of this 3-pack varies greatly at different stores and websites.  The cheapest I have found this 3-pack is when it is available as an add-on item through Amazon, which is not always the case.		We have been quite pleased with these SodaStream MyWater flavorings for our sparkling water maker.  Would recommend.
0,I'm a sunflower seed nut and these really are Jumbo compared to what the stores offer. Relatively the price is competitive so I will be back for more delight again and again.
0,I like this product very much!
0,Excellent value!
0,Great taste.
0,I gave this tea to a co-worker who is just learning tea.  She really liked them and the canisters are quite cute for a gift.
0,love using this
0,I love this coffee!  It is the only coffee that does not upset my stomach!
0,I am a gummy connoisseur, I like all shapes, sizes, and flavors. These are in my regular gummy routine.	The green is typical Haribo, the white is light and fluffy.		Cut them up with a pair of scissors for a multi texture delite.
0,A great way to sample several different coffees.
0,Great taste. Good price. Prompt shipping.
0,This is one of my favorite sweeteners to use.  No aftertaste.
0,I do love the KIND bars; of which I've tried many of the flavors. My favorites thus far are the ones with dark chocolate and mocha ( in which REAL coffee is contained!). My only complaint (which I consider a pretty major one) is the fact that oftentimes the individual packs sealed in plastic inside the boxes are more often than not incompletely sealed which results in the individual bar being pretty much dried up. Not that this does anything to detract from the flavor. The only issue is that they are thus much more difficult to bite into and you pretty much have to suck on each individual bite to soften it up enough to be easily chewed. Also, I think your pricing is rather high considering the fact that I can find them pretty easily in local grocery stores at a price of 2 packs for $5.
0,Best GF Pasta for my family.
0,One of the best, and cost are reasonable.
0,try it.
0,These are a great little sweet treat
0,Purchased it for it's reported health benefits.	Flavor is okay, not exceptional.	Cost is expensive.
0,Love all of this company's spices. I am on my way to owning one of each flavor.
0,For me these and Manischewitz are as good as they get in gluten free crackers. I like both taste and texture. Some are broken in shipment, but that is to be expected.
0,Pure Chamomile tea, no additives!  This tea brews great and the main tea drinker in the family really likes this brand. No flower additives, just the pure chamomile.  We found that one measure of the tea can brew two or three cups with no noticeable weakness of the tea. so you can brew a cup at a time and not have it get cold by brewing a pot and letting it set.		A nice addition is that you can get it on subscribe and save, making sure you don't run out!		NOTICE: I did NOT receive this product for free to make an "unbiased" review. I paid for it myself. I have NOT received any compensation to review the product. The above review is my opinion after having purchased and/or used the product.		SO THERE!
0,I really like AmeriColor gel food coloring - more than the other typical brands (Wilton, McCormick, etc.). The gel helps to make things not get too liquid, and the colors are really deep and rich. A little goes a long way, so a 4.5 ounce bottle will last a very, very long time under normal use. The smaller bottles retail for way more per ounce in stores, so the mid-sized bottle is a great deal in the long term. Highly recommended product!
0,These coconut superfudge spreads are delicious! Conveniently comes in individual packaging, and is great for packing in your lunch bag or suitcase when traveling. With only 120 calories per package, these are delicious and satisfies a sweet tooth.	* Be sure to knead packet with fingers so the coconut and fudge mix together for a desirable spread that tastes great on toast, rice cakes or fruit.
0,Yum. Works great for trying to replace soy sauce.
0,Great variety of a great product.
0,Really good.  Almost as good as restaurant quality.  I added some onions and chicken to mine.
0,Very good.
0,convenient to use, and add sweetness without an after taste.
0,Great product
0,We love the flavor and the price.  We have this on a three month auto ship and at times we need to buy more.  I make my husband a latte each morning and this is the second of the flavorings he uses each morning.
0,Swerve is my number one Sweetner I use for baking. Love it
0,This is really at the top of the list of the best hot sauces. And unlike Sriracha sauce, sugar isn't a major ingredient. Instead this sauce has a nice blend of heat and flavor.  Of course, great to make chicken wings with, but also a great general purpose sauce. If you like lots of heat, this probably isn't your sauce, but if you like lots of taste, its very good. And if you are trying to reduce sugar from things like Ketchup, this is a great replacement.
0,it's a great product. the flavor and texture meets my expectations.
0,M&M's are liked by all in the family. Everyone has their favorite.
0,As advertised
0,Quaker makes good mass produced granola bars. Everyone loved them. They were fine.
0,Great flavor and aroma.
0,I had to try this when I read about it		First: it's no replacement for "real" peanut butter. I mixed some of this up with water and it does get real creamy, but the taste is no where close to actual peanut butter.		However, it does add a nice peanut butter flavor to Smoothies and Protein shakes, plus reduced amount of fat. So it was worth the purchase. I haven't tried to use it in baking, but will have to experiment.
0,These chips are great and have purchased many times before.
0,Delicious.  Love it
0,can't go wrong with these!
0,A1 Great
0,Purchased for a friend and enough came for me too.  We love this tea and as had been reported, it is good for your too.
0,I found Nanak Ghee perfectly fine and very reasonably priced. As to the details of whether the cows were grass fed or not I can't say but as far as taste and texture its a bit more granular then some of the more expensive US made organic brands which was a nice change of pace. Perhaps the only negative is that it comes in a plastic container instead of glass which is only a negative because ten sources on the internet told me it is so of course I believe it. But seriously, good product, fast delivery and if you are trying to save a few bucks a good choice.
0,Cute, cute, cute...My little girl loves the case more than the dispensers. She carries her sandwich to school in the PEZ gift Tin. This may make some shutter as this is a collectable, but I bought it for my PEZ and Hello Kitty fan.
0,Great by itself, abd as an additional additive to oatmeal, this a granola with the different selections leaves the same old thing part of the past. BNG mixes well with hot creaks especially well.
0,Awesome product
0,I gave this a 5-star rating for the wonderful taste and a nice coffee to enjoy after dinner meal. Will recommend to friends and family
0,Good as always:-)
0,Perfect for popcorn.
0,I love using this Jarrow Formulas Coconut Oil in place of butter for frying. I can attain a crispy edge on my pancakes, as well as a clean fry on burritos, eggs, or most anything else.		It makes dry skin feel soft, too.
0,This dashi is just a shortcut to save time. I made myself some miso soup with bak-choy and shallot. Hmmm so fast and easy it was to make!! Simmer the water till it was hot not boiling and then added 1/4 teaspoons till desired flavor. Basically its 1 teaspoon for 2 cups water. I use bonito flakes but then I have to strain flakes. With this stock its add stir and add miso! Cant wait to use it in some seitan for flavoring.
0,KIDS LOVE THEM
0,Excellent Cinnamon.  I never realized there could be that much difference in store-bought cinnamon and this Frontier brand organic cinnamon.  It is being used for health reasons as well as in recipes.  This is my 2nd pound and I will probably reorder from Frontier when this runs out.
0,What can I say? She loved them.
0,Will buy from seller again. Great product! :0)
0,Works better than table salt
0,thanks
0,It was really good! It was so simple to make and it tasted really good! My favorite Popin Cookin ever! IF I COULD I WOULD REBUY THIS! BUT the packet came a lil bent. But that's alright.
0,very good,little expensive.
0,Prompt delivery! Love this gum!
0,This is a refreshing and delicious drink. I bought my first bottle at a local food store and really enjoyed it. Last night I was at my local Target store and I passed by a cooler full of the lemon flavored pure leaf ice tea. What caught my eye was the price -  $1.00 dollar per bottle,  that's a great price for the small bottle but this was for the 59 oz bottle. Since it has to be refrigerated I was limited on how many I could buy. Maybe Target goofed up.
0,I like these, for me they are such a perfect little snack. Last a while too and seemed like it was a decent price. I will continue to buy it.
0,Happy
0,the only brand my grown son will accept - and he MUST have it!  so he fills his smaller bottle from this wonderful gallon size lol
0,This seasoning mix is spicy enough and tasty enough for me to recommend it.  I use it to spice 'food bank soup' with the 13 beans (the one with diced tomatoes and an optional onion, etc.).  The bean mix is Bob's Red Mill as well but next time I make it I'm going to put half of the soup in a blender to give it more body.  Then it should be thicker and more appetizing.
0,This is the best Olive oil I have ever purchased. Pleasant mild flavor.  Will buy again plus Will look for other items under this brand.
0,Taste wonderful!
0,I've had all of these flavors of Kind bars before and knew that I liked them.. was happy to find a cheaper "bulk" option on Amazon, since I've been buying 2 or 3 a week at work at normal retail pricing.  The variety pack option is great.  I really prefer the low sugar bars, they provide a semi sweet afternoon pick me up without giving me a sugar rush or crash.  Would definitely order this again and am considering a subscription.
0,Very good quality coconut oil
0,If you suffer, as I do, from periodic acute gout flare ups, this product is a life saver.  Pour one bottle into a 2 gallon pitcher and fill with water.  Drink one pitcher a day.  It speeds recovery and soothes the pain.
0,My favorite Keurig pods	I have reordered many times
0,So Delicious
0,Good
0,I tried this flour with several proportions of AP flour blended with this.  My best noodles ended up with using 100% of Bob's Red Mill and following the directions on the bags.  It works better this way in my maker also.  Best tasting noodles ever.
0,Bang for your buck. Great value
0,I never keep real buttermilk on hand so this has come in handy. I like to use it to soak chicken in before making fried chicken
0,Planters are the freshest tasting nuts.
0,Great!
0,Delicious and large nuts with hardly any broken bits.
0,Good to make chile paste
0,Some things are truly heavenly. This jasmine tea is one of them.
0,This is such a practical way to purchase bacon. No mess, no fuss and it goes so well into sandwiches. It is tender and I don't think I will ever buy it any differently in the future. Great product!
0,awesome
0,Great product
0,My kids love tri-color pasta with butter and Parmesan cheese so I buy them by the case t keep stocked up.
0,We are addicted to this stuff at my house. It is a monthly purchase item for us and always runs out early! Very smooth flavor, the sweetness is just right and it's nice and creamy. I personally love to mix it half and half with hot cocoa mix. 'Cause i'm a chocoholic. For those who are into real chai, it is fairly mild. If I want some with any bite, I brew it myself. This product definitely blows the local coffee places products out of the water though.
0,This tastes EXACTLY like buttered waffles and pancakes. Easily the best of all the flavors
0,This is very good, with only 0.5 g of fat. I am on a heart healthy diet to reverse heart disease and this fits the bill!!
0,Excellent quality and love that it is in individual packets.  Thank you.
0,I LOVE gummi bears. I can finish a bag in no time. I don't know why I didn't think to order them from Amazon before. I can have a goldbaren overload.
0,Who doesn't love chocolate? Great variety for an awesome price. The added bonus is that it was shipped in an insulated box with cooling packs. Kudos to them for that.
0,I thought I had tried a variety of salts but this is my first salt that has black truffle mushroom pieces mixed into it.  Every flavor of salt I have tried from SF Salt Company has always been top quality salt and this flavor is no different.  This 5 ounce package comes in a plastic re-sealable bag that once I open has the smell of mushroom.  Since I like mushrooms, this smell unique and delicious to me.  Trying it on food and this gives a nice salty and earthy flavor.  This is a great flavoring salt for a variety of dishes.		5 stars		I was provided a sample for review and I do not promise a good rating in return, nor am I affiliated with this company or compensated in any way. I am just a regular Amazon customer who shops a lot on Amazon.
0,Love this product. Has a great taste and no soy oil.
0,Great espresso, works well with our weekend latte.
0,Aside from being expensive for what you get this is an excellent product with great ingredients and I love having it available as an option for my chicken\tuna salad.  Great flavor!
0,These apricot seeds are some-what bitter.  Even though they say they are sweet.  I may and I may not buy from them again.  Depends if I can get use to the taste.
0,I only use stevia, no sugar in my house.  I have done much research on it and seems that this is the healthiest, organic liquid.  I carry it with me.  It has a good taste. Highly recommend if you want to get away form nutrient deficient sugar.
0,wish it came in a larger size 64oz
0,Love this stuff. Very impressed with the taste and ease of use. I put some of mine in a sprinklee like glass container. Works perfectly. I like to sprinkle it on my over easy eggs.
0,Great tea
0,good flavor.
0,Great product. Will buy again.
0,This tea is amazingly tasty white tea. For most people they may not know what white tea taste like. Where black tea has the acidic taste of coffee and green tea has a very earth/leafy taste, white tea comes in as you would expect for its color. It is very light tasting with almost a lightly sweet maltiness to it. It doesn't have any of the harshness that you could find in black tea or coffee. And you can't really over brew it to release off-flavors as there is so little to the leaves. I find this tea works best for iced tea, it works well cold and has a much more refreshing flavor that other teas do on a summer day.	Of course there are there is the added benefit that it is good for you. If you want to try white tea, this is the product for you.	I purchased the organic version before I purchased this one. I saw this one was cheaper so I gave it a try, and I couldn't readily notice any difference. I ended up just mixing the two boxes together and will continue to buy the non-organic in the future as long as it is the cheaper of the two.
0,I really enjoyed these candies.  I like Dove chocolate and the strawberry crisp was a tasty surprise.  I will be buying these again.		surprise.  I would buy these again.
0,Great price for good salt full of minerals.
0,Apparently there is a problem with the Kona crops in Hawaii.  As a result, Tully's is offering a "Hawaiian Blend" of coffee.  It is fine, it just isn't Kona.  However, until the Kona crops are revived, this is the best you can do.
0,Wonderful
0,Excellent!
0,I'm a native New Orleanian.  We all drink Community coffee here.  That's all they serve at the office.	Is there any other coffee?
0,yummy variety
0,I've ordered the original and the sugar free, and they are both delicious. There are 120 packets here so they will last for a long while. Great deal! Nothing better on a cold winter morning then a hot cup of Apple Cider!
0,Chocolate coffee!  yum.  will buy more
0,Although this gum is nowhere near the flavor and longevity of the original XyloChew (made with Xylotol as a sweetener), it is much better than others.  I do find that most gums today do not last very long in their flavor - would this be done intentional so that one keeps chewing new pieces more often?  Who knows.		Anyway, for the time being, I would say this gum is flavorful and has the zingy Peppermint taste.  It works.
0,This is a great buy, packing was fine, just make sure you have an air tight container to store it in.
0,True Chinese taste
0,I loved the packaging so much! This is good quality tea and I got great feedback from my sister-in-law, who I gave it to as a gift.
0,Cereal is priced very high in my local stores and the boxes are quite a bit smaller.  Purchasing here is a much better value.  I am able to buy two boxes for every one box I would normally buy in the stores.  High quality. Reliable shipping.
0,Wonderful product at a good price!
0,My wife is the K-Cup coffee drinker.	I am the tea drinker.	She loves this blend of coffee.	Mountain Man
0,If you don't have the time to make real, old school home made refried pinto beans from scratch with actual lard, then Rosarita Traditional is almost as good. These have an excellent flavor and don't taste salty or have any sort off funky chemical aftertaste. Mix in a spoonful of Rotel Hot and a handful of shredded cheese and you're good to go for a Tex-Mex meal.
0,I love this tea. cucumber is a perfectly refreshing flavor for many people. If you add a little honey to a cup of this tea, you may feel as though you have created elixir of honey dew.
0,I use an air poper. I try to use only organic popcorn, and this brand tastes great. Sometimes cheaper at the store, sometimes cheaper at Amazon.
0,Fantastic! I like loose tea and spicy tea. This small tin of loose tea is probably the best tasting I've tried, hands down. It was fresh, the aroma was intoxicating, and I loved the strength of the tea it made. I made a small potful as soon as I opened the tin. I could hardly wait for it to steep. Then I used half and half and the color was elegant. The taste? Very spicy. It did not require sweetening, great since I am diabetic. Many years ago I found a similar tea at the Pike Street Market in Seattle, and lost the brand name....perhaps it was Harney. But for sure I appreciate this tea. It is a cinnamony spicy with orange tones, and probably has cayenne pepper in it too. My taste buds were wide awake after the first cup, and were very happy and satisfied after the second.		I'd say this is not caffeine free, so it is a stimulating tea for breakfast or mid-afternoon should you want a pick me up then. Caffeine does not bother me, and even after dinner is an option at my house.		Yes, I recommend this tea to those who enjoy brisk drinks. I will be ordering more, hopefully in a container larger than four ounces. I fear running low, don't you know.
0,LOVE!
0,Simply Organic always provides a good product
0,great product with adequate calories for breakfast or lunch and with 5 or less sugar; the less sugar the better for you. I keep it on hand always. Shop for best price as it varies.
0,Only creamer I buy. No after taste not sweet taste.
0,I expected to hate this.  The opposite - I loved it.  I would definitely pass up any of the strongly branded candy bars to have another of this one.		To me the health concept seems deceivingly simple.  The ingredients list some fattening substances such as fractionated palm kernel oil, for example.  That's probably the higher melting point fraction of palm oil normally associated with rich chocolaty foods.  There are other types of oils as well and also corn syrup.  It's not a substitute for whole food items.		However, in the midst of all the junk food ingredients there are vitamins.  This seemed strange to me and I couldn't get imagine it having vitamins when eating it.		In my view, there is a place for this food.  It seems to be a supplement or even a substitute for regular junk food.  And it made me consider what food would be like if the FDA insisted on junk food having some actual nutrition value.
0,In my opinion, this is fantastic Sesame Oil. I originally found it in an Asian Grocery Store but not in any of my local Grocery Stores so I looked on Amazon and couldn't beat the deal! Highly recommended!
0,best I have ever used
0,Fit the bill we loved them
0,In recent years I have become addicted to chai, and had it everywhere I can find it.  Guru brand chai is by far the best, actually better than almost any restaurant.  With the unsweetened version, you can adjust the amount of sweetener, but frankly their standard sweetened version is just right, so I usually get that.  This Masala Spice Chai does, indeed, add a delicious masala nip to the basic chai flavor.
0,Thank you!
0,I recently ran into an aunt and as we talked she mentioned giving up diet cola drinks. She does not like the aspartame and was sure it had caused her some bad side effects.		She mentioned that this tea was delicately flavored, not bold and intense.		She also said this tea did not cause her to get jittery as other teas and cola drinks had.		Just to try it, I bought a box and she was correct.		Just as she said, the taste was delicate and fruity and it does seem like you're getting less caffeine, although it's possible that brewing it cold has that effect. It's handy and as you can drink it straight from tap or filtered water.
0,No coconut flavor which is what I was hoping for.  If refrigerated to keep freshness longer, it gets rock hard like butter, so I put a small amount in an old jam jar to keep by the stove at room temperature.  It always maintains a semi-hard texture but is easily spooned out.  Using this oil instead of vegetable oil  with boxed cake and muffin mixes gives the baked result a homemade taste and fluffier texture.  Love it.
0,Thank you my plants arrive beautiful and healthy although they was late as all get up I think you for working with me and given me a great deal. The plants was well worth the wait
0,Mmm, tastes warm.  Tea was fresh and easy to use.  Not ground into bits.  Would buy again.
0,High in fiber but a little dry when eating - definitely need a spread or dip
0,Fruitcake is awesome. It is one of life's essentials. This is a nice 1 lb. Fruitcake in a convenient shape, perfect for slicing and munching on! It is filled with raisins and fruit and is not overwhelming with orange peel. In essence, a great cake. Loved it.
0,I have my own recipe for making Root Beer and with this extract I have finally found the addition that I needed to drive it's flavor over the top...
0,I love to eat Dal. The little seeds taste just like potato chips. Keep them on hand as a snack.
0,Brown rice syrup has a glycemic index (GI) of 98, similar to glucose and much higher than refined white sugar (GI of 65). Several sources on the internet state that it has a GI of 25  this is wrong. But forget about the GI  it can be very misleading: sweeteners that are high in fructose, such as agave nectar, have a low GI because fructose doesnt spike blood sugar. Sounds good? No! A high fructose diet can lead to belly fat, high triglycerides, free radicals (cancer risk), insulin resistance, and eventually liver damage. So a low GI isn't necessarily better than a high GI (ice cream has a low GI because it contains a lot of energy in the form of fat!). Brown rice syrup is typically composed of 3% glucose, 45% maltose, and 52% maltotriose. Maltose is two glucose molecules linked together and maltotriose is three glucose molecules  both are quickly broken down into glucose after you eat them. Glucose is one of the most familiar and easily managed forms of energy in our body  as long as you eat it in moderation of course!		For comparison, regular (light) corn syrup is very similar to brown rice syrup  the starch from the grain is converted to maltose (i.e. glucose)  they are both essentially glucose syrup. This is very different to high-fructose corn syrup in which a lot of the glucose has been converted to fructose (boo!). Agave nectar is around 2:1 fructose to glucose (also boo! Dr. Oz admitted that he was wrong on this one) while sugar, coconut sugar, honey and maple syrup are all around 1:1 fructose and glucose (when you break it down). Some of these, raw honey, maple syrup, raw brown sugar, also contain minerals or phytonutrients that may be beneficial.		Fructose is the most common form of sugar in fruit. Eaten in a piece of fruit, the fructose is not a problem  the problems start if you regularly ingest large amounts of fructose without the fiber and other nutrients that come with it in fruit (e.g. in a soda or certain processed foods). Even sweet fruit like apples and grapes are less than 10% fructose. So when it comes to sweeteners, reducing your intake and balancing the sugar with other components such as fiber, protein, fat, etc., in each meal/snack is the most important thing. But if you are making something thats quite sweet (> 10% sugar) such as cookies or a cake, then glucose is a better choice than fructose.		There was a bit of a scare about arsenic found in rice and rice syrup  the amounts found were the slightly higher than the EPA limits for drinking water, but your actual intake of the syrup is going to be so low (relative to drinking water) that I don't think its significant.		One criticism of brown rice syrup is that it tastes less sweet than sugar syrup or honey, so you end up using more of it. Lundberg recommend using 1  cups where one cup of syrup would be required. I used mine to make homemade granola bars and they turned out fine, but I used raw honey&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Y-S-Eco-Bee-Farms-Raw-Honey-22-oz/dp/B000Z93FQC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Y.S. Eco Bee Farms Raw Honey - 22 oz</a>&nbsp;to make the next batch and thought they were better  the honey costs more than the brown rice syrup but since the honey is sweeter I could use half the amount and the cost balances out. Organic honey is arguably the most eco-friendly natural sweetener, but if you are vegan or allergic to honey then maple syrup is also great, but pricey of course. Brown rice syrup is a decent alternative (see below for more details) and has the benefit of no fructose  and the same goes for corn syrup. Then theres organic date syrup&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Date-Lady-Organic-Pure-Date-Syrup-12-fl-oz/dp/B008EXLL4O/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Date Lady Organic Pure Date Syrup -- 12 fl oz</a>&nbsp;which is delicious and pretty sustainable (review: http://www.amazon.com/review/R3KQJQIBKJB2MM/), or making your own simple syrup by combining water with whatever eco-friendly form of sugar you prefer (coconut sugar, organic raw sugar).		In terms of overall environmental and social impact, compared to other sweeteners and other companies, I think the product deserves 4/5 green stars (matching the 4/5 regular gold stars for quality and value). The brown rice syrup is made from rice grown organically in California, so its probably more local to you than, say coconut sugar. But its higher in terms of water-requirement: Rice is comparable to most other grains and requires moderate watering (more than coconut palms and sugar beets  55% of the sugar sold in the U.S. comes from beets, incidentally). Converting the rice to syrup takes energy and materials (enzymes, and acid / base) so theres more involved here than producing maple syrup or honey. Lundberg publish a comprehensive report each year, a requirement of their Sustainable Food Trade Association membership, which covers things like energy and water efficiency, diverting waste from landfill, worker treatment, etc. You can view the report by clicking a link on the About page of their website. Even their non-organic rice is sustainably farmed and they also introduced certified biodynamic rice in 2014. They employ crop rotation (with nitrogen fixing crops), water conserving irrigation schemes, habitat conservation (e.g., for migrating waterfowl), and natural pest control. They also study and practice methods for methane reduction and carbon sequestration (such as returning rice stalks to the field after harvest) and also have a rice breeding program where they study and cross rice varieties with goals such as shorter seasons and water conservation. They generate some of their electricity from their large solar panel arrays and offset the remainder with carbon credits.
0,Can't go wrong with Oreos.
0,The brownies you make with this mix are so good that no one will think you got them out of a box mix.  Honestly.  The caramel you add to the brownies just sends it zooming right over the top and I've never yet come home with leftovers when I've taken these to a party.  Ghirardelli chocolate is just SO GOOD...and I love that you can get it in mixes as well as in chocolate chips for baking.		Sometimes you might want just plain old (is there such a thing?) brownies...no special flourishes, but for when you want to truly make something decadent, then this box mix makes it easy.  Your friends will thank you.  Your kids will thank you.  Your co-workers will thank you.		I don't think they taste exactly like the Candy Turtles they're named after, but that's entirely okay.  They taste terrific whatever you call them.  All I can add to that is...yummmmm....
0,Makes very nice rolls.
0,CAILLER Pralin&eacute; Chocolate Selection, Small Box Assortment, 4.8 Ounce, (16 Pieces). This is a selection, containing 16 pralines, of Swiss chocolates for those who prefer chocolate with a hint of nuttiness. In it, rich, smooth milk chocolate flavors are balanced with intense, dark cocoa. All created from a fine smooth pralin&eacute; base, created from caramelized nuts, blended with Swiss milk chocolate, coated with milk or dark chocolate, crafted at Maison Cailler in Broc, Switzerland. There the manufacturers use only Swiss milk sourced from dairy farms not more than 30 km from the firms doorstep, and ingredients chosen with care for their quality. Tasting notes are sweet and nutty, a balance of chocolate or cocoa flavors with roasted nuts. No artificial colors, flavors or preservatives are used; all ingredients are naturally sourced. The assortment includes: velvet bliss with hazelnut; avelot caramel with hazelnut; gianduja, with hazelnut again; almond marquise; simply almond; milk hazelnut crush; dark coffee and dark hazelnut crush. The manufacturers suggest that this small box would make an indulgent chocolate gift.		Well, first, off, this item came incredibly well-boxed, beautifully-boxed you might almost say,  for shipping, nothing dared break, and when I finally did unpack all the layers, nothing inside was broken.  I have received valuable gold jewelry by mail that was less well-packed than these chocolates.  And when I finally got down to the chocolates actual box that too was beautiful, black and red, with embossed gold writing.  Once again, nicer than what some precious gold pieces I have bought have come in.		Of course, what was inside was precious too.  To divulge my prejudices, the only thing I love better than chocolate is chocolate with nuts. So I loved every chocolate, including the coffee bean  and Im not a coffee drinker.  As for giving this as a gift, hah, whos kidding who?  This box would never last long enough in my house for me to give it to someone else.
0,My daughter is a super taster.  Normally, she doesn't care for organic foods because she can taste the fertilizers used, especially coffees/teas.  This product has no nasty after-taste from being organic.  It's perfect for our baking needs.  Our favorite use, so far, is pancakes.  Coconut flour allows people who are strictly avoiding carbs to have some breads.  We tried a chocolate cake, too, and the only complaint was that it had a lessened shelf life.  Refrigerate leftovers to help keep them from spoiling too soon.
0,Almonds tasted fresh and  slightly sweet, not at all bitter.  I feel fortune to be able to  obtain these truly raw almonds. I make almond milk, eat them out of hand and bake with them. I will order again.
0,A little sweet for my taste but my teenage daughter loves them.
0,this macaroni is less starch in it and light
0,The daughter of my best friend has recently decided to extend her spice vocabulary to include ground pepper.  I don't know of more savory peppercorns than Tellicherry.  I hope she enjoys them as they should be enjoyed: freshly ground onto as many dishes as may benefit from their robust aroma and flavor.
0,Love this product. I use for all my baking. Great consistency and taste.
0,Very nice product but packaging could use improvement
0,This meat is great for emergency storage and regular use!
0,great snack.....I roast them in the oven for 12 minutes with olive oil and sea salt.....just received the 8 lb bag, WOW it's huge.....roasted some with olive oil and Old Bay & they are yummy
0,Love this oatmeal too.  I usually get their steel cut but this is good too.  shipping was fast and packing secure.  items as described.  Love it!
0,Ahmad has a nice smooth flavor. I found  Ahmad teas to be of very good quality at a very good price.
0,Bought this as a birthday present for a friend who was just starting to make Sushi. She was ecstatic and made Sushi the next day. She says the mat makes it soo much easier and she loved having all the ingredients needed in one kit. I know she has made Sushi at least 3 times with this kit so far. She said she now knows what ingredients she likes to use and can replace those as needed. So a good beginner kit I think.
0,My hubby does not have time to eat breakfast in the AM and he grabs one of these on the way out the door. They taste great and they don't get sticky and "melt" like some of the other KIND bars during the summer. This is a def reorder for our family!
0,My favorite flavor.
0,I agree with some of the other reviewers (for the NON-Classic syrup). I have been buying this product, mostly to add to coffee, for several years. At some point, I noticed that the flavor changed, and (to my palate at least), it was a change for the worse. After noticing some of the recent reviews, I made sure to order the "Classic" flavor when my supply started to run low. When it arrived, I taste-tested vs. the "non-Classic" syrup that I still had on hand, and (again, to my palate), the "Classic" tasted far superior. I suppose other people may prefer the new flavor, but for me, the Classic is the one I'll order from now on.
0,This is good candy. I head read some of the reviews, which prompted me to order this candy. I wanted to see what everyone was raving about. I had never eaten this candy. Okay, it is very good, and I can see why people love the candy. To me, it is very similar to the American malted milk balls I ate when I was a child except in the form of a bar. Again, I like the candy very much, but I just don't see what everyone is raving about. Still, it is good candy, so order some.
0,Unusual and interesting flavor with medium body. Twinning is to tea what Heinz is to ketchup. What most consumers do not realize is that in addition to using the finest quality commercial teas, Twinning tea bags are uniformly 1.32 oz. In some cases this is double the amount of tea that are offered by other commercial brands.
0,I've eaten my weight in Uncle Ben's rice for 60 years, and I'm here to tell you, it tastes great! It is parboiled, which simply means that the rice is mostly cooked before it is packaged. All you have to do is add some water, maybe a pinch of salt or some butter, and in about 15 minutes you have perfect rice, with a rich, nutty taste that is far more like the rice grown in Louisiana.		Amazon has a good price on this product, and I am glad because it's easier to have it delivered in a couple of days, than to lug it home from the grocery store! And when I walk into the kitchen and smell that earthy, rich fragrance ... wow, do my taste buds give me the "hurry up!" signal. Thanks to everyone who is part of the Uncle Ben's family of great rices!
0,Great product easy melt...
0,Brought back old memories!
0,my favorite tea in the world for all my long(ish) life -- wonderful flavor, wonderful memories! as bigelow advises, if you sweeten it a bit more than usual, the flavor of oranges is intensified. now for the non-traditional suggestion: please make it in k-cups :)
0,Great for spicing up the bland meatloaf your mommy always made.
0,Fresh, excellent date and taste great.
0,I love this variety of furikake seasonings. Eat with rice. You can enjoy the different flavor of this seasonings. Just mix it with white rice. Make sure you cook Japanese rice. Its different. You can add seaweed it too
0,good stuff
0,tastes great but have to eat half the bag with a spoon due to the crumbling. like this in all bags. disappointing
0,I bought these for my mother who loves Grove Square!! They work wonderfully in our K-Cup machine. I love the smell and taste, smooth and creamy!
0,Great taste, super buttery and way healthier than the stuff that I make in my movie theater style popcorn machine.
0,So, alot of these other reviews are right on. This is a high end tasting coffee. However, House Blend is my LEAST favorite flavor. It is really mild. Extremely smooth a bit light on flavor. But no bitter after taste... no acid... and no angry stomach/bladder after. The vanilla nut is also a more mellow blend but has more flavor. If you are after the rich flavor - go with the french roast. Much stronger, has a smokey roasted flavor. Delicious. I like all of it honestly. I don't buy regular K Cups in the store anymore. I buy them from Amazon or from Puroast directly (who has coupons). If you are looking for a high end K Cup to serve guests  or have acid/bladder issues, drink this. I recommend!
0,Yummy in my tummy!
0,I bought this because it was all the hype and everyone was saying it is the healthiest oil for everything and I wanted to try it.  At first I was hesitant to cook with it because I didn't want everything tasting like coconut but that has never been the case.  Now I use it for just about everything, literally.  I use it to cook and to grease my pans.  I replace the butter and oil in recipes with this.  I just made whole wheat banana bread with coconut oil and it tastes just as good if not better than butter/oil.  I also had an allergic reaction to some face cream and my face got all red and irritated and I washed my face an applied coconut oil and it really helped soothe the burn.  I've used it as a moisturizer and to stop itching from bug bites.  Also, this stuff makes some amazing popcorn (its what movie theaters use).  I wish I had tried it sooner!
0,delicious
0,My husband loves these.  I don't drink coffee myself so I'm giving them 5 stars on his behalf!
0,What's not to love! Maple syrup is perfect.
0,AMAZING stuff. I use it in tea, yogurt and where I want this flavor
0,My only complaint is the price, otherwise it is a great buy if you have a toddler who needs to drink his milk on the go, especially when you don't need to refrigerate before using.	Some mention issues with straw but I found that if you make sure you open the straw all the way it doesn't close.	I buy only organic milk so this is pretty much the best choice, just wish it was cheaper.
0,THE FIELD TRIP JERKY IS THE ONY JERKY I EAT AND PURCHASE - THUMBS UP!!!
0,The taste is great for being a so-called "medicinal" tea. I don't even have to add anything to make it palatable.
0,We like Basmati rice but find it either (1) pretty expensive in the supermarket or (2) in too big a quantity (often 20 lb.) at warehouse stores. This was a good compromise - decent price and not too much to store/use in a reasonable time, plus the two bag pkg will make it easy to share with family or friend. I can't really tell one Basmati from another, but this seems at least as good as any we've had. Followed cooking directions exactly and it came out perfect.
0,Tastes great and is a great addition to my eggnog cappucino's
0,Super product, super value
0,Really good! For pre made GF donuts, maybe a bit dense for a similar product. Still love them.
0,Good medium blend coffee but a bit on the expensive side. I have found equal to or better coffees on Amazon for much less. If I was going to order Starbucks again and pay this much, I'd probably go Sumatra because I dig a bolder coffee.
0,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Timothy-s-World-Coffee-Breakfast-Blend-K-Cups-for-Keurig-Brewers-24-Count-Boxes-Pack-of-2/dp/B001D0GV68/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Timothy's World Coffee, Breakfast Blend, K-Cups for Keurig Brewers, 24-Count Boxes (Pack of 2)</a>&nbsp;I drink this every morning for my wake up call and enjoy it very much.  Love the convenience of the K-Cups.
0,Nice coffee.
0,Taste great!
0,These are super delicious!  I like that they aren't too chewy. Great to suck on or chew. Will be getting more!
0,Good stuff.
0,Good Hazelnut coffee.
0,This is the ORIGINAL passion tea that Starbucks used to make before they ruined theirs. You will remember the taste as soon as you brew it and put over ice ! Love it !
0,Couldn't get to the store, so this was a good option.
0,Has a good flavor for a De-Caf coffee.
0,Using this flour/meal is terrific in cookies.  Much better than making them with regular white flour.
0,This is a great product for people who love to cook and share with their friends. The leaf quality was exceptional: minimal breakage and med to large sized leaves. I have never smelled such fresh bay leaf. Its a great value. Ive become tired of paying high prices for small containers of broken, puny sized bay leaf. I will make ornamental kitchen wreaths with this large amount and the rest store in my freezer. Lots of leaves! Plan to share your one pound bag with friends!
0,I love mangoes.  But I had never tasted dried mangoes, and I must say that these are the best-tasting dried fruits I have ever eaten.  I don't know what else to say.  I have been snacking on them since they arrived, and so have my three teenaged daughters.  This is a wonderful treat, and worth every penny.		If you like a trail mix kind of treat, these are good cut up into smaller bits and mixed with cashews and sunflower seeds.
0,Great
0,My wife adds this coconut water powder to her smoothies. It adds sweetness and antioxidants to the smoothies. She likes this and will get more in the future although this does go a long way. The Amazon description was very clear and accurate. The Amazon customer reviews were helpful. It was well packaged and arrived on schedule.
0,Good stuff, I'm setting up a spice cabinet and these will be a great addition.
0,This is one of my favorite teas!  I love the great cinnamon taste.  I always have this one on hand for a cold winter night.  Love it!
0,great olive oil
0,Real tea bag flavor with the convenience of keurig.  I highly recommend
0,Mom liked the lemon flavor of this tea.
0,Really unique and flavorful spice. I have never used this before, and bought for a Nomnom paleo recipe. Now I am hooked!! I love how this adds a nice kick, with rich flavor.
0,As advertised.
0,I had these sent to my son to help to quit smoking and chewing.  He likes these the best.  Hasn't quit yet though.
0,Bisquick is a big company so getting a product right is important to keep reputation, they did just that. This gluten free pancake mix is good. Semi dry but add a little more milk or oil and they become more moist
0,My favorite snack.	Very good.	Thanks
0,I really love it. Taste good and is creamy. Perfect for my bulletproof coffee recipe.
0,Absolutely love these! Thank you!
0,These taste a bit like coconut to me. You can tell they're healthy. Great fiber source and I like how these are packed into 2 little bars per pack.
0,It arrived today and I was pleasantly supprised I've never tried baklava before thank you
0,I know a lot of people are freaking out b/c they thought agave was a perfect miracle sweetener and it's not, but I love it.  It has a great flavor, it mixes well into cold drinks, is easy to use (more so than honey, which I also love), and may or may not be "better" for you than cane sugar.  It's not some nutritious health food that just happens to taste great; use it for what it is - another form of sugar.  As far as quality goes, Wholesome Sweeteners is a great brand.  There is info about their products on their website, including the fructose/glucose ratio of the organic raw blue agave.
0,These soups are absolutely, hands down the BEST store bought soups I have ever eaten. They truly taste like homemade soups. They are a bit more expensive than canned soup, but worth every penny.
0,follow as directed and it taste salty if ur garlic lover	i like peppercorn only
0,Been drinking this tea for years and we get it as a subscription.  A little less than our local Walmart and it just shows up when it's supposed to.
0,Tasty chips with a lot of heat.
0,Great sized canister. Not much salt, which I wanted. Excellent quality. Jet.com has these regularly $4 to $6 cheaper.
0,Always a great cup of coffee
0,We have used this as a weed killer with 1 gallon of vinegar, 1 cup of salt, and 1 tbsp of dish soap. It works great to kill weeds quickly on our patio.
0,Fun to use and smiles from the grandkids.
0,This is food-grade vegetable glycerine at a very reasonable price.  I highly recommend it because of both quality and price.
0,great product
0,This tea is absolutely wonderful. Tastes like Red Hots. The flavors are nicely balanced, strong but not overpowering. I enjoy it with some sugar and milk - sort of a different take on Chai.
0,Wife loves it. It was delicious...
0,I purchase King of Joe Espresso quite regularly, and always keep it stocked in the drawer under our Tassimo. I must admit that I feel a little guilty for using single-use coffee discs because of the waste involved. If you find a way to reliably recycle them, I'd love to know. In the mean time before our machine quits working (we've had it now for 3 years, a Bosch), I will keep this type of coffee in the regular stable of choices we have at home.	This disc yields a nice bold doppio size shot with a quality foam head on the top. I like it with some hot water added as an Americano, or sometimes I brew it right on top of ice in a tumbler, add a little cream and water, and I've got myself a great iced drink.	This stuff is never bitter, excellent tasting, and super quick. It's a bargain compared to Starbucks.
0,These are the best Tootsie Pops ever! I highly recommend that everyone try them, they are delicious, the perfect balance of mint with the traditional chewy chocolate center we all know and love.  I wish they made them a regular flavor!
0,I like pepper on just about everything aside from coffee and ice cream, but am not a snob about it so I can only say that I like this stuff.  It's not the best pepper I have tried, which unfortunately I cannot recall the brand, but it is pretty good still.  Also, being organic, I don't need to worry that I am putting some of Monsanto's special seasoning on my eggs in the morning, I get enough of that with my cereal.
0,I buttered and salted then baked them and they are top quality.  Will definitely order again.
0,Easy, tasty mint tea brew. For months I used k cup just for one over sized mint tea cup, but accidently used it again and found that the weaker 2nd cup was very tasty! SO I recommend getting the best value and use it 2x for yourself and it becomes twice as good. Well worth the price for the convenience and taste. :)
0,Taste is so good in foods like sauerkraut. The seed taste fresh! We go through a lot of this in breads as well! I will continue to order as price is excellent!
0,Good
0,I have eaten other almond butters and I think they are all about the same.  I really like zinke orchards almond butter because there is nothing but dry roasted almondsr in the mix.  No nasty palm oil. The price was excellent.  I'd recommend it to anyone.
0,Good tasting bananas.  I bought organic because they last a bit long than the regular ones.
0,The best dark dark chocolate chips out there! Glad to find a three-pound size, too.
0,Not a big peanut fan but I love these!!! They are sooo good!
0,Love the flavor of the stuff and the effect it has on me. I am impressed with this product and I can't wait to try more Yogi!!
0,Arrived in a well secured package so no broken pieces.  Very easy to rehydrate. Many nice big pieces. If you are going to use these for a sauce,  soak them in the stock you are using, ie chicken stock, then use the liquid left after the mushrooms are removed and ready to use. Good tasting and a great addition to receipes. Just sauted wirh a little butter and garlic is good.	I received this product at a discount in trade for an unbiased  and honest review.
0,This is the perfect coffee for me. No bitterness and very mild.
0,I like it
0,great taste. excellent if you are vegan
0,I know this product is good, I have used them for several years, very good quality.
0,I was given this as a gift. These teas are great. The flavor is wonderful. I usually stay away from "fruity teas" but have found that the Green Mango Peach and Ginger Lemongrass (This was spectacular as iced tea!) have changed my mind! I found all were able to brew more than one cup of tea (good since I was making iced tea from most of these). One drawback is that there are some fine pieces in each of the teas that do filter though my infuser, but hey, it is tea! The Earl Grey was very good, both hot and iced, very different from any Earl Grey I have had but very enjoyable! I have ordered more loose and bagged from tea forte of this blend. I have purchased additional flavors and am enjoying my glass iced tea pitcher also a gift and from tea forte.		Try out samplers then purchase tins of teas you like best!
0,Its hard to find Brach's sometimes and being able to get them is great.  They are great candy canes and there is not much more to say than that.
0,One of our favorite flavors
0,All good! Arrived just as promised, well packaged and the quality I've come to expect.
0,Delicious!
0,Super fresh and flavorful ground cinnamon.
0,nice flavor
0,real taste of lemon.
0,Favourite watermelon flavour!! Tried many, and this is the best.
0,These are good but really hearty- not like a normal cracker in that they are filling. I like them with cheddar cheese. Only problem is that they have a slightly waxy aftertaste.
0,These things are great!	Just the right amount of carbonation	Includes a small amount of caffeine and some healthy antioxidants		But they're kinda pricey...		They taste wonderful and I love the slight carbonation.  I also like how they have a slight amount of caffine (45mg, like a cup of green tea)
0,I am really starting to like Don Francisco's coffee recently. This was the first time I had tried the Hazelnut and I thoroughly enjoyed it. I will be purchasing more on subscribe and save in the future.
0,Very good taste, makes you drink a couple cans! Good things come in small cans sometimes, it start my day!
0,i heard about this from watching QVC and the host was selling potstickers and he said he loves yum yum sauce.  my grocery store didn't have it so i got it on Amazon.  The pot stickers that QVC sells are the best and now i serve them with this sauce.  I do use this for more than the potstickers.  I put it on my salads and chicken. It has a nice taste, different than anything i've tasted before.  It's not too spicy and not too sweet, has an asian flair but kinda like a steak sauce too.  Difficult to explain but it's great.  I always have the pot stickers in my freezer and a bottle of this in my fridge.  if you use it as a dipping sauce, I thin it down with a bit of soy sauce.
0,Product does its job! i guess i cant say whethetr this is any better or worse than any other pink salt, but the price was pretty good, especially considering that because you only use like a tsp for a 5lbs or so of meat this thing will probably last me forever. I guess there are a couple sites that sell it a bit cheaper, but i prefer not to use my card on random websites, and prefer Amazon.
0,Great bold flavorful coffee
0,Very good organic beef sticks.  We have now been repeat customers of this brand.  They have a little bit of a bite to them,  not super spicy, but not totally bland either.  Texture is much like you would expect a beef stick to be.  They were fresh, well-packaged, and tasty.  Wish they were a little more reasonably priced, but for trips and travel... they foot the bill.  Would recommend.
0,what i expected. good, clean seeds. totally happy. they have a slight peppery taste, at least to me. i put them, along with a spoonful of chia seeds in my yogurt.
0,Even with all the good reviews, I was still leary about these noodles when my husband ordered them to make me Valentine's dinner.  I have to say I was very satisfied.  The texture was great.  They needed about 4 minutes to get as done as we liked.  They hold the heavy alfredo sauce well.  Bag says 5 servings, but when used as a side dish would probably get 7 making the carbs only 13 per serving.  Would definitely recommend.
0,Really tasty and fresh.  Will order more.
0,A LOT of pap corn kernels in all these jars.  Tasty.  Pop thoroughly, but more than we will use.  I'll probably take several jars to the church..
0,A great snack, if only Amazon would stock them on a regular basis!
0,These candy eyes saved my sanity! Made 4 dz bear cupcakes for a friend.  Piped out the ears and nose but didn't have time/energy to pipe out 96 eyes.  These worked perfectly! They are the perfect size and there are plenty in container. I have at least 1/3 left.  I would "estimate" that there are at least 150 eyes. And they taste great as well !
0,I had some other store bought Italian seasoning and this is so much better. I will always order this. I have tried it on meat, fish and casseroles and I really like it.
0,Good variety.  Having fun sampling them.
0,Great company, great flavor, easy to use in my cafe and at home, and I feel better about buying this rice than others. Amazon has a great price, too!
0,This is my second purchase. Excellent flavor and fragrance. Would recommend to all that like that earthy flavor. You will not be disppointed.
0,very nice flaver for baking
0,Very nice figs. Big and soft and pure tasting.
0,Good
0,this is the best pasta. Perfect wide noodles. Not that much comes in the package though, but tastes great with sauce
0,My test of these is pretty straightforward. 1) Are the ingredients simple and clean? 2) Does it taste reasonably good to me? 3) Does my kid eat it? In this cases, these apple sauce packets accomplish all three. One note: They are 60 calories, so they are definitely a quick snack or a small part of a meal. But they're a big hit with my 17-month old. They taste like apple sauce should -- not too sweet, but still pleasant.		dave marino-nachison
0,Fine, as usual.
0,They're great tasting and great for your health - they're expensive on here though!!!
0,To me, better than sugar in coffee.
0,Love the coffee, good price, and delivered on time.
0,tastes great ... and so good for you.
0,OMG THESE ARE GOOD! I got a case of C2O Baked Coconut Chips via Amazon Vine when they showed up in my queue, and figured I *might* like them since I like coconut. Unfortunately, I *really* like these and they go down very quickly. If you have a hard time with food choices and/or portion control, beware...		Technically, one bag is two servings... yeah, right. At 1.4 ounces, one bag is one serving. There are only three ingredients... coconut, cane sugar, and salt. While the fat from coconuts is supposed to be "healthy" (even though it's saturated), I'd be wary of pigging out on these. Ditto with the calorie count. There are 220 calories per bag (110 "per serving"), so you could *easily* down 1000 calories of these without batting an eye. If you have a hard time rationing yourself on stuff like this, be *very* careful. The first day I opened up the first bag to try out, I ended up opening more bags right after that... how many will remain unsaid.		I give them five stars for flavor (yes, I *really* like them), but they are not as healthy as you might think (if you think about it). I'm having moderately better results not finishing up the rest of the case on a single coconut binge sitting, but it's a challenge...		Disclosure:	Obtained From: Amazon Vine Review Program	Payment: Free
0,Delicious!
0,my daughter-in-law brought a bag of these around at Christmas time and I had forgotten how much I liked them; enough to order some from Amazon so they'd be a regular item in the house
0,Love this cinamon... Be careful because it is "spicey" hot. Use a dropper to control how much is dispensed per usage. Smells fantastic. This cinnamon when mixed with steamy water can help congestion .... just be careful with the hot solution as to not burn youself. I will keep this in my home.
0,Nice healthy option for a protein rich snack. The date taste is quite strong, maybe overpowers the lemon a nit, but yhey are good.
0,There is PG tips and there is everything else.  The perfect cuppa
0,perfect size for evening snack. And do not have to have a large can in pantry. Love the size
0,Tastes rich and satisfying. The texture is very heavy. However, be prepared to bake two boxes to double the cake mix in order to make a normal-sized cake. It does not rise at all.
0,Have to admit it is as good as Cafe du Monde.
0,Tasty brew
0,My wife and I love these crackers.  That's probably obvious since we buy them by the case from Amazon.  I would recommend these crackers to everybody.
0,merckens is the best
0,The nuts were good but walnuts were supposed to be part of the mix.  I found a few little pieces that if they had been put together, wouldn't have formed a walnut half.  The macadamia nuts were very hard to find, also.  I was disappointed because I really was looking forward to eating some salted walnuts.
0,Good product, shipped quickly.
0,If you like your coffee flavorful and bold, then this would be a product you will like.  I have found that the Green Mountain brand does it best for the Keurig and I understand it is Keurig's brand.  I love Starbucks when I pick up a fresh cup from a store, but the Green Mountain K-Cups are the best to me when brewing on my Keurig.
0,Good Stuff
0,Oh my!  What a delicious grain. Nutty, sweet, complex. I cooked it simply in stock, with ginger root., a little scallion to finish.  It is amazing. The color is truly black and on the plate presents wonderful contrast.
0,This is my go-to for a quick breakfast. It tastes great (I'm a chocolate fan). I use it in a shake n' go cup...it dissolves easily and tastes smooth.	Good stuff! (FYI...I tried the Vanilla - I was shocked at how completely bland &  tasteless it was - I had to return that one to the supermarket that I purchased it from.) I ended up purchasing the chocolate flavor from Amazon because the supermarket stopped carrying the chocolate flavor for no reason....ODD.
0,Very good tasting bars for on the go
0,Flavors need increased but these are pretty darn good! I want more flavors in variety bag like this. Five stars then. The price is excellent and not so much Citric Acid as to crack or blister my tongue and cheek(s) as plenty Ive tried before! I have sat here and realized there are 8 to 10 wrappers empty in a sitting and not a crack or blister to burn while drinking water. Kudos to that!
0,This Cacao powder has a very RAW chocolate flavor -- like dark chocolate - not like Hershey's cocoa.  I like it and have used it to make a great chocolate pudding, drinks, and even flavoring for cakes, etc.  My husband prefers a "milkier" chocolate taste.
0,Best instant expresso on the market.
0,My husband's diabetic, so finding snacks for him isn't easy. With these KIND bars he can stuff his mouth with salty, spicy, sweet dark nuts.		7 grams of fiber, 6 grams of protein, 5 grams of sugar.... and 15 grams of fat. Certainly more filling than other, smaller nuts.
0,Had a burning need to make doughnuts on a cold winter day and since it was the first time doing baked doughnuts I opted to use a mix just to see how it works and what the outcome might be.  The mix arrived quickly and I got on to the baking.  The mix is easy to put together and you have batter in no time at all with only the most minimal of ingredients needing to be added.  The flavor was good, somewhat heavier than a typical sugar doughnut, more nutty or richer is how I would describe it.  The doughnuts baked up just perfect and were gone before they had a chance to cool.  So I consider this mix and  that experiment to have been a success.  I was, however, disappointed with the flavor options, and honestly they are a bit high priced considering you get 12 doughnuts from the mix.  So  I set to exploring and tweeking and came up with this option for those who might also be interested in flavors.  After looking at this mix and its ingredients, and checking ingredients in basic baked doughnut recipes, it came to my attention that most all of them very closely resemble a boxed cake mix.  Um, so I went to the kitchen and pulled a basic chocolate cake mix (one of the 99 cent specials from the local market).  I followed the instructions on the box BUT REDUCED THE AMOUNT OF WATER by one-half in order to get a thicker dough mix.  Poured the batter into the pan and baked.  The result was an outstanding basic chocolate doughnut!  Have also done this with cake mix flavors of cherry, strawberry, orange, and banana with excellent results.  Just omit the water, and add only enough to arrive at a very thick batter and you have a dozen doughnuts for 99 cents with a wild array of flavor options.  The water reduction creates a heavy doughnut like you would expect, not at all tasting like a cake with a hole in it.  Enjoy!
0,My Wife's coffee.  She loves it.
0,planters is the last word in nuts. these cashews are lightly salted so they are healthy for you. great for snacking. i got them thru prime which means shipping is free. also with subscribe you save even more. shop amazon for your grocery needs. happy snacking. aloha haleiwa jon
0,Delicious, wrapped well, perfect for our party.
0,Great stuff to make curries with and other dishes. We also like it in our shakes and for ice pops . If you watch you can get this with a coupon and with the coupon and subscribe and save it knocks off a bunch so the price is around 1.25 each. That's not half bad!!
0,This decaf jasmine tea tastes and smells just like regular jasmine tea.  If you are searching for a flavorful decaf alternative to your morning jasmine, this is it.  Love it.
0,Very good with real pieces of meat.
0,OMG, this stuff is amazing! I'm not really a fan of mayonnaise in general, but this stuff is different from your ordinary mayo (besides the fact it's organic) - and it's sooo good! I have ordered this several times now, and I have to admit that on one occasion a jar did arrive in which the ingredients had separated. Oddly enough the other jar in the order was perfectly fine. I called Wilderness Family Naturals and they promptly took care of the problem. I recommend ordering the smaller jars as opposed to the larger ones even though it costs more money since there are no preservatives in it. WFN makes a "Lemon Dill" mayonnaise also, but the original flavor is the best in my opinion.
0,Item as described, prompt shipping and good communication.  Very Pleased1
0,very good
0,I was disappointed in the flavor of this product, it tasted like a packaged spice mix, for the cost I expected more	It was very easy to use, just add boiling hot water and wait	A little higher in calories than I would like for a lunch snack, but tastes better than ordinary ramen	Not for the faint of heart...this is not a mild spice!
0,This is delicious tart cherry juice. Helps my arthritis and inflammation and i sleep better too.	i think it is a great price and do the subscribe and save and you save even more.
0,The perfect oil.  Organic.  Minimally processed. No weird coconut taste so you can use it for ALL your cooking needs. You can fry with this oil without fear.  I also use it on my hair, skin, and ingest it with my coffee (if I'm getting into some intermittent fasting).  I've tried other brand, but Jarrow is my fav.
0,Great price, excellent quality. The dates came in one big bag so I had to find a container to put them in. They were super soft and gooey inside. Perfect.
0,Dark Chocolate - Cinnamon & Pecans HELLOOOO!	Healthy and delicious.  I give Kind Bars to say Thank You to people who have helped me.
0,So delicious. So yummy. If you're ever contemplating buying this product. Go for it. I was impressed. My taste buds were dancing.
0,I can drink most tea, but my family is pickier. This is the tea everybody likes, and it is a good one. We go through it pretty fast.
0,good
0,My sons love these. The packaging is so slim and tiny. Its a very easy snack to keep with me in my bag. This is still a sugary treat, but its nice to have something a little more natural on hand and ready to offer to my boys.
0,Excellent Product
0,This product is wonderfully convenient. You can keep it in your desk drawer at work (it doesn't have to be refrigerated) and have a handy, healthy lunch that can be microwaved in about four minutes. The taste is not bad -- not as good as homemade pasta and sauce, but I didn't expect it to be. For something you microwave at the office, it's excellent.
0,Best chili ever
0,taste delicious and I was surprised how much it helds its form even though I cooked it for 7 minutes and then cooked it further with the home made spicy tomato and shrimp sauce.  I am not sure about it serving four - more like three, but then it could be we loved it so much a little bit more was appreciated!	The ingredients are simple and pure - just the way we like it.  Also the packaging was simple without too much plastic.	Great value on Vine (thanks).
0,Love these in the small size great for a smaller meal portion.
0,Excellent coffee beans that work will in an automatic espresso maker.
0,These taste great & rival the flavor of cinnamon glazed nuts! Highly recommend!
0,Will buy again
0,A good way to find what different flavors are good and what are not.  Herbal flavor I didn't really care for.  Lemon flavor, so-so also, but nice.  Green and Black, Great.
0,I really like this. Will order more.
0,Excellent seasoning. If you are familiar with the restaurant, you already know how good this is.		Product looks fresh (no caking) and is great on all types of food. Highly recommended.
0,Very good product. These are my favorite protein bars. I eat one every morning for breakfast. Very light and make a good breakfast.
0,Great for homemade hot coca mix.
0,I have had chia seeds on and off for my whole entire life. Being from Nicaragua, we have a traditional drink that has Chia seeds in it. Basically its a lemonade with chia seeds.  I never thought much of it until I became ill with digestive issues. During a trip to Nicaragua, I had a glass full of Chia Seed Lemonade and suddenly my system was cleansing it self out.  I haven't had Chia seeds for a long time but my IBS issues has gotten worst so I bought the 2lbs of seeds and blended it with my Amazing Meal Green drink and the bad reaction is because I have a sick stomach and it is cleaning it out.  I will continue to take this and I've committed to changing my entire diet too.
0,Excellent flavor in this bean I use it in an automatic espresso machine (we drink a lot of espresso), on a medium/fine espresso grind. Not bitter, with a little bite, yet still creamy, and nice crema. I'm still looking for a great price on Swiss process decaf
0,I'm not a fan of strong coffee flavor, which is why I tend to try more of the flavored coffees.  I picked this up because of the positive reviews.  It's a good coffee, although I'm not sure I taste a hint of anything other than mild coffee... if I didn't know better, I'd just think it was plain.  That's not necessarily a bad thing, but if you're looking for chocolate / almond flavor, don't expect it from these!  I would buy these again because they do make a nice cup of coffee.  With a spash of splenda and milk (maybe chocolate milk would bring the flavors out more?  will report back if I try that), it's a great morning caffeine boost!  Update: This morning, I brewed the coffee and mixed in a packet of no sugar added Swiss Miss to make a great mocha.  I think this is how I'll be enjoying this drink from now on!
0,Best rice noodle on the market.
0,THis is my new favorite tea. I have been a life long tea hater but I am currently doing a cleanse that requires no coffee. I need caffeine so I needed a replacement. Did I mention I hate tea? Like, hate. This is the one and only flavor I can tolerate. I actually find it enjoyable now. I'll purchase this from now on!
0,If you like dark chocolate and salted nuts, you will love this. It is quite hard to bite off so I break it in pieces while still in the package.
0,It has a pretty good taste and aroma.  not bad for spare of the moment craving, if you feel too lazy to brew one from scratch
0,Not much tast
0,Love this product! It is the only cereal I eat now. The best way to describe it is that it tastes like a very crunch sweet Cheerios. My wife and I are big believers in fiber and this is one way we ensure that we are getting our daily fiber. Very few people do! I use the subscribe and save feature and it costs less than I can get it for at Wal-Mart. Couldn't recommend it enough!
0,Wanted this for my emergency kit as our grocery only carries a giant box. Thanks Amazon!
0,My favorite flavor.
0,My kids love these, I guess you can't wrong with organic lollipops that taste good too!
0,This was the original .  Good stuff.
0,They have a coconut-y flavor and texture is different - one side is sticky the other dry.	I really like them slightly warmed as tortilla for burritos, I think the flavor is nice and don't care about the texture.	My husband does not like them, so it is definitely a personal preference/taste thing.
0,I got this to help with a edible tincture and it works very well.  I must say that a small portion goes a long way.
0,Clean and very aromatic when ground, highly recommend
0,I decided to spend a little more money to buy from this supplier because the reviews were so much better. I am glad I did. I was worried about the plant because we were having very cold weather. I bought it for my granddaughter for a school project. When they got it all potted up, they sent me a photo and it looked exactly like the advertisement photo. Amazing!
0,Very nice easy open can.  Fixes my sweet-tooth, too.
0,yum
0,love it will buy more and more
0,Better than homemade. Good Bernaise is hard to find and difficult to make from scratch . I like the individual servings .
0,Healthy delish
0,I ate the whole bag in a day.		I puked up chocolate and berry vomit at 4 in the morning.		10/10 would flavor trip again.		For reals though, this thing is crazy delicious. That one reviewer that said it may be better than crack isn't lying, not that I did crack cocaine before.	I couldn't put the bag down and I couldn't stop shoveling the round chocolate covered heavenliness into my mouth. Also, it's not real fruit centers, it's a flavored gelee; exquisite nonetheless.		Also it tasted a bit like raspberry to me.		Buy. This. Thing.
0,These are much fresher/plumper/tender than when we bought them in boxes at our local liquor or dime store.	I think they are cheaper now, than the 10 c a box amount you got way back then compared to this massive quantity.	I guess not all things became more expensive with mass availability.  We never had this option when I was a kid.	I wonder how much a bag like this would have cost back then?  If it were comparably cheaper, no kid would pay a dime for a tiny box.
0,Really like this coffee!!! Price is cheaper than any of the stores in my area.
0,I really like the taste, but I'm unsure it would be for everyone.
0,DELIVERED ON TIME, AND THE TASTE IS GREAT.
0,Love love love it. I'm diabetic and gluten intolerant so it's hard to find some things. This fit the bill perfectly and it is so good. Will come back for more.
0,Good brand and very good tea.  Like this blend alot and will purchase again.  Also makes good iced tea. Very refreshing
0,Great
0,Very tasty - clearly, you must love peanuts to enjoy this bar!  The caramel inside is very chewy and not too sweet (make sure you are drinking water while eating this bar).  I use this as a combination meal replacement / snack / boost of the daily protein needs.  As an endurance athlete, I need that extra protein and these bars are part of that overall plan.
0,Peanuts were good and fresh.  The quality control was good, and the only complaint anyone who tried them had was either too much or not enough salt...a preference thing.		I was impressed with the good flavor of the nuts.  I'm not big on peanuts, and I really liked these.  Some in the family love peanuts, and said these were really good also...so probably a safe bet.l
0,it was a good coffee but we found we prefer the Costa Rican the best.
0,interesting product and I do recommend it.  like that most of them are caffeine free.  The liquid is clear but the flavor is evidently there.  My husband likes to mix a half a can with water (or ice cream) so there is just an extra added bit of flavor.  Not real sure but even though it says zero carbs, I think the stevia does raise his blood sugar numbers just a tad.
0,A really good sampler
0,Good flavor!
0,The perfect snack food, a greast combination of a little sweet and a as little salty
0,Buying in bulk like this is worth it.
0,I'm a snacker. I like healthy snacks like nuts and veggies. But I also tend to indulge in less than exemplary snacks - every so often, I'll go into 7-Eleven and see if there are any new items in the junk-food world that pique my interest. On one of these expeditions several years ago, I discovered Takis Fuego and it was love at first bite. I love spicy food and lemon is a staple in my diet. So this spicy/sour snack was a perfect little treat for me. I didn't eat it too often since it's obviously not a healthy but I would get a good size bag about once a month. I even introduced Takis to several friends and even the ones the don't like spicy foods/snacks ended up liking these - one said "they make my mouth burn but they're so addictive." I don't know about this whole mouth-burning thing (although I'm more tolerant of spicy food) but I definitely agree with the addictive thing.		Unfortunately, since I moved away from CA to DC, I haven't been able to find them. It might just be the part of DC I'm in, but I don't have a car here that I can freely explore with. And there aren't any 7-Elevens around and I haven't been able to find them in local grocery or convenience stores. So I was glad to find them on here. I wasn't thrilled at the price (although they come out to less than $1/bag) since these are just snack-size bags and the per ounce cost is much more than I would pay for a normal sized bag. But IT'S SO WORTH IT nonetheless.
0,Repeat customer--we keep this in stock at all times!
0,Gr8 deal thank you
0,These were wonderful - follow the instructions exactly and you will end up with geat tasting brownies full of good ingredients.
0,Just wonderful chocolate..I discovered Madelaine company at my local chocolatiere.	at Christmas time, years ago. LOVED but it was SO	expensive, so I tried to look it up on computer based on the	tin foil patterns on the chocolate wrappings..( I didn't know the name of the	wonderful folks who made the confection, but so wanted more at reasonable prices)	I was delighted to have found the chocolates on Amazon, at a wonderful price, and have	continued to buy it every year hence.
0,These are AWESOME! They are a bit like Starburst Fruit Chews (softer) but so much better for you. They are bursting with flavor and can be addictive so watch out and gauge yourself accordingly. You have been warned, lol!
0,Safer gum, minty fresh!
0,great for smoking meat...!
0,Good
0,good
0,Excellent. Will buy regularly.
0,Clean and funky.
0,Love these to a fault so only indulge when they are onsale.  Quality of the cookies are great and box arrived in good condition.  They did arrived more broken up than usual so maybe they were toss around more than my previous orders by the delivery company.
0,I drink V8 V-Fusion every day with my dose of Miralax in it.  I love the taste and the fact that there's no sugar.  Just juice from lots of fruits and veggies. Regular V8 fruit juices contain sugar and actually taste too sweet.  This is healthier and better tasting.  I like this flavor as well as the pomegranate/blueberry.
0,Like it because it is healthier than white sugar...I love sweet and wish it was just a tad bit sweeter without adding more than a teaspoon or so, and without artificial ingredients; so I always add a little organic honey with it...it would probably be okay for the ones who prefer not as sweet.
0,Delicious. Absolutely delicious herbal tea. One of my favourites. This would probably make a great ice tea as well, Though haven't tried it yet.
0,A perfect candy- simple, tasty and yes, imported from the UK.  This has few ingredients, not packed with preservatives or chemicals.  This will bring back childhood memories  Recommended. Hope to be part of the VINE.
0,Tasted just like the Girl Scout Thin Mints I loved so much--except these are gluten-free!  Worth very penny, but I won't be ordering them often, due to the price.
0,I couldn't wait to try these pancakes, so when they were delivered early in the morning, I immediately set about making some pancakes.	First, they were simple to mix up according to the package directions. Just measure out the mix add the water, stir and drop about a quarter cup of the resultant mix on a hot griddle. They promised 4-5, 4" pancakes and that is what I got. I doused them in some syrup and dug in. So very flavorful, delicious, light & fluffy.
0,I don't use a lot of bacon, so I don't like purchasing the uncooked stuff from the supermarket because it usually "expires" before I can use it.		I discovered this pre-cooked bacon a couple of years ago, and determined that it was the way to go.  This is a quality product -- excellent taste and texture -- and it's shelf stable until opened.		I keep mine in the freezer after opening -- it's super easy to pull it out and grab 2-3 pieces.  The slices crisp up nicely in my microwave in about 20-25 seconds (cooking up to 4 at a time).		My *only* quibble is that they're sliced very thinly.  I prefer bacon to be a little thicker cut - but this is a minor quibble.		The cost is a little higher than my supermarket (not much -- I paid just over twenty dollars for the package here; this would be the equivalent of 3 packages from my supermarket at just over six dollars each), but the convenience is more than worth it to me.  There are times when I simply cannot get out to do grocery shopping, so this is a wonderful convenience, definitely worth the minimal extra cost.  Keep an eye on the price; it does fluctuate occasionally.		Bottom line:  I'll definitely order this again!
0,I got these for my daughter's first bday, they were a hit!  I few were left over for I had one and they are pretty good.  I'm glad a kept some for myself because they taste so yummy.  I would recommend these especially for younger kids' parties because they aren't too large and just the right size for them to have a taste of something sweet.  The colors were also nicely swirled.
0,Holy Hell!  As soon as I open the box my mouth began to salivate from the aroma of the beans.  However, smell good beans =/= taste good beans.  It was already 7:00pm on a work night when I opened the box, but it smelled so good I couldn't help myself.  I went straight for the grinder.  Ugh, the aroma when I opened the grinder was almost too much.  I honestly considered just eating the grind raw.  But I held back and loaded my french press with hot water.  Unfortunately, my french press doesn't have a great seal.  The whole house smelled like the world's most exotic coffee shop within seconds.  Waiting for the brew to steep was longest dratted wait of my life.  But once I started to pour my cup....OH LAWD!  Get in my mouth now!  Yet the punishment continued as I was forced to choose between sipping and enjoying the coffee, or going with my gut instinct of chugging it like a frat boy drinks a beer.  In the end, it was worth the wait.  Quite possibly the best cup of coffee I've ever had even when considering I was up until 2am from that danged cup of coffee.  All is fine in the world though, as it was just another excuse to make another brew first thing in the morning.		After downing a cup and heading to work only to suffer through another mundane day of office work, I couldn't wait until lunch to brew another cup.  Finally lunch hour arrived, and I grabbed my coffee bag out of my Pyrex container to start the highlight of my day.  I wasn't even done filling the grinder with beans before I had two people come into my office to ask where that amazing smell was coming from.  Well, that was odd, and a first, as I have never had that happen with my normal brand.  Weird as it was, I fished preparing my cup-o-joe because, let's be  honest here; it's really the only thing I have to look forward to at work.  Between steeping and finishing my cup of coffee, I'm almost positive everyone in the building stopped by my office to see what the heck smelled so good.  Needless to say, I think I just screwed everyone in the building into paying $15 for a pound of coffee they've never tried before.  Oh well, still cheaper than Starbucks...and a gazillion times better.		Be warned, once you make the plunge there is no going back...		P.S. This really is quite stomach friendly.  I've had norovirus like symptoms (gross, I know, but tis true) from every other coffee I've tried.  Not one bit of acid has decided to creep back up my throat from this coffee.  Rejoice.
0,I needed this to complete my peanut butter raison cookies I wanted to make & this brand does it for me every time.
0,The aroma and flavor of this really surprised me in a positive way. The description does not do it justice. Again, the tin box isn't a half bad perk either. Be aware you are buying loose leaf tea (you will need a steeping device).
0,These are so addicting. No other snack is in my cabinet. These taste better than boring D******s. Flavor of the bean is present and seasonings are perfect
0,Excellent flavor with a touch of sea salt and great chilled.  The flavor is natural no GMI, artificial colors, or concentrate ingredients.
0,I grew up loving Mint Sauce, not mint jelly or some green sugary jam like substance that was passed off as a condiment for Lamb.	This is simply the best, and easiest to use, store and add to any meal.	I never liked horseradish much, or some of the other traditional condiments, so we always had mint sauce with any kind of roast meat, beef, pork, mutton, even stews I loved it.	However, I always had mine diluted with malt vinegar, and always assumed that was how everyone enjoyed it? Reading reviews here, it seems some like it straight from the jar, and whereas that's fine, it is extremely thick, and almost like a paste, for right or wrong it looks like it should be diluted?	Home made at home was chopped fresh mint (lots of it) malt vinegar, and a little sugar mixed up in a bowl and spooned over the food.	I use this the same way, one nice big teaspoon in a small dish, add some vinegar and voila, tastes just like my grandmothers.	Diluting it, also makes it go a lot further, this stuff keeps in the fridge for ages too, so it's actually a good price.	Try it on olives, or over salad with the vinegar! 5 stars
0,Good price and expiration date is way out there.
0,I just ate my first Vanilla Almond bar and it was delicious.  With seven grams of protein and only four grams of sugar, this Kind bar earns the right to be called a healthful snack.  It has lots of fresh, whole almonds held together by a light vanilla glaze and only 1% sodium.  Other Kind bars, such as Caramel Almond Sea Salt are a bit too salty for my taste. This bars flavor is subtle with the almonds providing the dominant taste and texture.
0,Makes Boss Smile
0,This review is for the "original" flavor, since the listing on Amazon is mixed.		Whether or not this product is for you probably depends on a couple of things. First, do you normally consume energy drinks? And if so, are you looking for something without calories? Then this might be a wonderful option. The ingredients are all natural and the "energy" component comes from guayusa, a plant native to the (geographical) Amazon region. From what I've read online, guayusa contains many of the same beneficial compounds as green tea. It's related to yerba mate, which I've been a fan of for awhile.		I'm personally having mixed feelings about this product, though. To be fair, I'm not normally a consumer of energy drinks. But I have been having some mid-afternoon slumps at work lately, and tea and soda haven't been enough to wake me up. I figured, this was something I've never tried before. I went with a single can as my first purchase because an entire case is expensive. If you're not sure you'll like this, I highly recommend that strategy, as well. Then you're only out maybe $1 or $2 if it turns out not to work out for you.		At any rate, I DO feel a boost, and the extra energy came on not too long after starting the can. My head is pretty clear, now, and I think I'll be able to focus on my work pretty well for the rest of the afternoon. However, I'm not terribly fond of the taste. It's OK to me, and reminds me a little bit of drinking yerba mate (which I usually drink hot), but it's not something I'm super enthusiastic about. it seems to have some natural sweetness, but also a bit of an aftertaste.		This also makes the back of my throat tingle. I don't think it's an allergy, or at least not a severe one, but I don't find the sensation pleasant, either. It could be that I'm sensitive to something in guayusa or else to one of the natural flavors. It's mostly for this reason that I, personally, won't be trying this product again.		To be clear, the tingling sensation was MY reaction to this drink and I certainly don't think it's necessarily going to reflect the average consumer's response. I included the previous paragraph more as a warning to people with allergies to be cautious.		In the end, this gets points for being all natural and having no calories. It also gets points for actually giving me a boost of energy. However, I personally don't care for the taste. I'll give this 3.5 stars (but round up to 4).
0,Fantastic
0,The cashews are of very good quality. Better than cashews purchased at some other retail stores. Happy at least this product came without any damages or broken seals!
0,Excellent date paste for baking & cookie fillings.  We mix with ground pistachio, cardamom & a little clove for a ma'amoul cookie filling, my kids love these		For Indian chai, use a dark whole leaf tea like assam + darjeeling, steep lightly with whole spices like cardamom, cinnamon, cloves, star anise & serve with jaggery or sharkara (a very light coloured jaggery) & table cream (1/2 + 1/2) at table.  Serve guests the first cup of tea poured out with a cardamom pod added to show them they are welcome in your home  (as a subtle hint that unexpected guests should not stay long, serve chai with no cardamom)
0,Needed it for homemade pancakes. They turned out wonderful. Great product. Hard to find.
0,I have a killer sweet tooth and was looking for something natural and low calorie to satisfy it.  I put the Stevita Chocolate into my water and the taste is very good.  It's a subtle sweetness, but still satisfying.  The chocolate flavor reminds me of chocolate hard candy more than milk chocolate.  The bottles are pretty small, but it only takes a few drops (I used about 6 drops to a full Sigg water bottle) and the price is very reasonable for what you get.		I plan on ordering a few more flavors.
0,It was a new taste to me, and one that goes in several things, if you go light and test first.
0,This is as good a price as any store.		If you are not taking a teaspoon raw, unfiltered (unheated) honey everyday then you are missing out!!		Some people are in such a frenzy to get "local honey" (which is silly, honestly as long as you are in a temperate climate and so it the honey, you're good) and often this so called "local honey" is a big farce.		Many of these road side stands buy "refined" commercial honey in a 5 gallon bucket and pour it into mason jars.	Notice that this honey is ALMOST WHITE!!! Yes, this is because it is full of pollen and all that other cool, healthy stuff!!!		This and Glocosamine (I like Now foods brand) is all most people need to get rid of arthritis.	And it tastes great !!!
0,Very happy with this product, it tastes great. I would definitely purchase again! While not as good as loose leaf tea, this is a close second!
0,These Cookies are a Soft Cookie.  I absoulutely love them and wish that I could find a similar recipe.  Enjoy life does an EXCELLENT Job coming up with foods that are always Allergy aware.  Although their other cookies are great these are by far my FAVORITE.
0,Good value. Less than grocery store. Will buy often.
0,Good eating
0,I like Norbu the best of all Monk Fruit sweeteners. It is more granular and flavorful than the others and as with some other sweeteners it does not have additives like dextrose, mannitol, maltodextrin etc.  It's just Monk Fruit and erythritol, which to me are the best for low GI index composition. I use the canister for my table as I like the look of it and it's easy to sprinkle on my food. I also appreciate that it is made in Australia.
0,You can keep yourself hydrated and do it with flavor. This item is also sugar free so for those of use who are diabetics, this is excellent. You can search for a variety of flavors to choose from, so grab your favorite or favorites. Enjoy!
0,Great buy...getting ready for the holidays,
0,so far, my favorite flavor. super sweet and delicious. my boyfriend, who doesn't like sweet tastes, tried this and went UGH GROSS. but me? I LOVE ITTTTT!!! can't get enough. i love this, lemonade, and strawberry but this is handsdown my favorite. i do have about 6 other flavors i ordered to try. but i like this way better than the peach and grape.  i've read some people add crystal light to vodka for a low calorie low carb treat. gotta try that one day. right now i've just been having it in a huge water tumbler - 30 oz, with a bunch of ice.  i was concerned the fake sugar might stall weight loss, but  i googled it - many people said they lost a ton of weight while including crystal light in their diet, some people stalled.  i don't know it's effect on me bc i just started drinking it  - but i can say this is pretty much the only way you can get me to drink water - adding crystal light to make it have some flavor!! i like that you can control how much powder you put in to affect the intensity of the taste.
0,Great. I made a heavy  cream chocolate drip !  It was  delicious!
0,So, very good by itself, but if you can find some store brand oat rings and chew up with this stuff, you are in heaven. But if you must go a step above... get some pure dark chocolate and chew up with this ... the ultimate.
0,My favorite.  The double layer ones. Nice smokey flavor, not overly fishy!
0,Love it! Wish we had a Trader Joes closer but until then, amazon delivers. Yummy!
0,hard to find good organic juice not from concentrate, this is the healthiest juice I could find so if you like mango your in luck, get this.
0,Can't keep enough of these in my house.  Thank goodness for auto-refilll.
0,AWESOME PRODUCT AND FAST SHIPPING!
0,The perfect way to start the day, a cup of the coffee. Ah!
0,There is a ton of information on the health benefits of chia seeds.  There is no getting around that they are good for you with the beneficial fats, protein, fiber and nutrients they contain.  What is most amazing is that they are so affordable, easy to store and easy to use.  Unlike most flax seed, they need no refrigeration.  They also have less taste than flax seeds and are generally cheaper to buy.  Throw in better nutritional value and chia seeds are a winner.  Dr. Oz had an episode suggesting 3 table spoons per day and that is what I have been eating for over a month now.		But get the white ones (the only difference is that they come from the white flowers).  There are two reasons why.  First, they blend in when you sprinkle/cook/mix them.  Little black specks in your oatmeal or scrambled eggs are just not appealing.  Second, when they stick to your teeth (and they will), they are less noticeable.  Just remember to rinse or brush after eating.		This brand of seeds has been very consistent and the taste is what it should be (next to nothing).
0,Great product. Great price. With Prime shipping, and subscribe and save (free), and Prime Pantry membership, (also free). Everything pays for itself in one shipment. No more bulk shopping!
0,Smells and tastes great!
0,I was very upset to find out that Starbucks discontinued the K-Cup of Antigua Guatemala Coffee. Being an Amazon Prime customer I did a search and found the Guatemala Huehuetenango coffee. I had visited my daughter in Guatemala a few years ago and had visited the plantation it brought back some memories. The description of the coffee was pretty much the same as what I was accustomed to drinking so I gave it a try. The flavor did NOT disappoint. I loved it as much if not more so than my regular brand. I could not have been more pleased. Thank you for offering this product on Amazon Prime, it makes it easy for me to purchase and enjoy cash back at the same time. Please do not discontinue this product.
0,There were some hard pieces that were tough on my teeth. But otherwise, pretty good.
0,A perfect "hit" of dark chocolate with subtle almond and sea salt. Personally, I wish it had a tad more salt, but this is just the perfect combo and really satisfies. However, they can be quite addictive!
0,I like it as much as sugar
0,Kinda reminds me of juniper berries, this pepper has expanded the range of flavor I cook with. Anyways, seems like good quality spices. My order came as 2 bags.
0,I have a bunch of Jamaican recipes that use this spicy soup base mix. I found it here at Amazon. I made a packet of the soup today and was very happy with the taste, the thick body of the broth and the perfect amount of noodles. I added about one teaspoon of corn oil while the soup cooked. This soup is GOOD. It has a spicy bite. . . not burning spicy. I can't wait to use it in my recipes. I'll buy this again.
0,This the second or third time I've purchased these apricots!  Must be good to keep coming back.
0,I have used Chia for a long time and these compare to the best I've had before.
0,If you like matcha, which is much stronger than regular tea, this is a good price for the product vs. buying single servings.  Serve chilled.
0,These are delicious!  I got these to add to my daily Greek yogurt for extra protein since they have 10 grams of protein per 1/4 cup.  It really gives the yogurt a nutritional boost and I'm sure that they would also be great on their own as a snack.
0,Great tasting organic cinnamon that tastes great. This is the real deal, and I highly recommend it to anyone and everyone.
0,Great stocking stuffers!
0,Ever since I discovered agave nectar a few years ago, my family uses it for everything from sweetening iced tea to balancing out the heat in our homemade sweet'n'spicy Asian peanut sauce. The amber is a nice compromise between the completely raw/unrefined option (with its too-strong flavor) and the very light version (which is way too bland). Buy the big jug! It keeps forever and is so much more economical than the teeny bottles.
0,I would recommend this product  for being practical,the taste,and reasonable price. We use it for making spaghetti sauce and salsa.
0,Good, but not as good as Girardelli.
0,makes good rice, not as sticky as Japanese Sushi rice though
0,Very good taste
0,I have always loved beef sticks, but these are over the top.  Healthy, amazing taste, and one serving goes a long way!
0,Excellent quality for the price
0,Simply The Best
0,I've been buying the Kraepelien & Holm varieties of Dutch licorice for many years.	When I saw the "Touch of Italy" was available I decided to give it a try. I was not disappointed. This licorice has a long lasting refreshing taste.
0,I think this one is my favorite
0,I love the hemp hearts on my salads, they also provide a boost of protein to my diet.
0,good product
0,I was recently introduced to Matcha, and love it.  This Matcha Green Tea Powder is delicious and mixes easily. Highly Recommend.
0,great
0,I think this is the best instant coffee. I use a lot of it, as I'm the only one that drinks coffee (and rarely drink more than a cup at a time), so I hate to dirty up the coffee maker just for one cup. It has a rich taste and I really like it. The price here is MUCH better than at the grocery store!
0,They are what chia seeds are supposed to be and typically for Bob's Red Mill, they are very fresh and nicely packaged.  I've been ordering them now for about 2 years.
0,good tea.  Will continue to purchase.
0,A recipe called for this and I couldn't find it in my local store. Worked great in the recipe!
0,Very good
0,nice
0,grind some up and use in pancake mix
0,This year I will be 60 year young and I plan on having a party.  I saw this and said why not.  I received this order timely and was pleased with the design and quality of this piece.  I am looking forward to placing this on the top of my 60th BD cake.
0,My go to healthy snack.  Who doesn't like dark chocolate, nuts and salt!  So good tasting it is hard to believe these are good for you.
0,Great product at a Fair Price!  Thanks!
0,This is a great sugar substitute with great taste. It's natural and not bitter. I have cooked and baked with it successfully.
0,We've been trying to find a little sweet to munch on in our household of late.  We've tried the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Welchs-Fruit-Snacks-Twenty-Four-2-25-Ounce-Value-Box-Assortment/dp/B002TDA8T4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Welchs Fruit Snacks Twenty Four 2.25 Ounce Value Box Assortment</a>&nbsp;and we've also tried a Big Box store brand fruit snack and while both of those were more economical, they had so many various additives and I wanted to start with a cleaner slate so I decided to try these.  They are delicious, tangy and of a different consistency than other fruit snacks I have eaten.		The Welch's snacks are definitely chewier than the Annie's bunny snacks are.  They are also way sweeter whereas the Annie's Bunnies are tangy and mouth watering (in this flavor at least).		You don't have to worry about any dental work with these or stuffing yourself with a lot of additives.  You can taste that and feel it in the texture.  They are a little pricier than mass-produced fruit snacks and these pouches are a little small ... but they are yummy.		In this case, you pay for "Organic" and a fruit snack without all the additives.  You just have to decide if fruit snacks like these are worth it for you.  We decided they were.  We are actually finding more Annie's products that we like.
0,thanks
0,I love all Bob's Red Mill gluten-free products. Every baked good I have made with this mix has turned out wonderfully.
0,I love these oatmeal bars. When my local market stopped carrying them, I was lost about what I could eat for breakfast on the go. Luckily, I found them here on Amazon and have had a subscription for them for more than a year now. Try them warm from the microwave - yum!
0,Clif Bar Energy Bar, Variety Pack, chocolate are delicious. I will re-order these when they are gone.  They have been a great snack.  No problems with shipping and packaging is great.
0,Good flavor variety. Tasty and enjoyable
0,Too good.  Nice blend of salty and sweet.  Just a few are satisfying for the diabetic.
0,This has many uses beyond pumpkin pie. It is a rich blend of cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves and ginger and comes packaged in an air tight foil bag similar to coffee. At the 1lb size it is a bargain for the quality. It really has a robust, fresh flavor, and is great to add to yogurt, smoothies, coffee, tea as well as baking. Frontier has very good spice products in general but the Pumpkin Pie Spice is the best on the market as far as I am concerned. It can even be added to rice for an interesting twist and of course puddings, breads, cookies, ice cream etc. A very versatile spice mixture for any season and has multiple uses. Can't go wrong with this fine product!
0,Both of my children are gluten free and we are always looking for easy and delicious snacks to get us through the day. I am a big fan of EnviroKids products, including the Crispy Rice Berry Bars. They are soft and chewy, with little bits of fruit. My kids eat these up and I feel okay with them eating these on an almost daily basis because they have so many natural ingredients. The only drawback is that they can get messy-- my two-year-old especially tends to hold on to them too long and the rice cereal starts to come apart and get stuck in the carpet, clothes, etc. Still a great gluten free product!
0,My super picky son had to go gluten free, and loved pasta. we've tried everything from corn to rice. But this he eats!
0,These are good seeds!! 8/10
0,Great stuff!  Only 25 calories.
0,Good
0,These are great, but you have a hard time stop eating them lol They were fresh and tasted great .
0,I am not really big on Lipton or flavored teas but this was on sale as an add on so I gave it a try.  The tea tastes fresh and light and has a sweet taste of caramel and scent of vanilla.  The mesh pyramid bag is a big improvement on Lipton taste.  For what I paid for it, like $1.73, it is a real taste treat.  It has opened me up to try other premium pyramid teas by Lipton.
0,A little dry, but OK
0,I love peas so figured I'd like these. And I do. They taste like peas. I eat them straight from the bag as a healthier snack, but I'm sure they'd work well added to dishes. I thought they'd be hard like dried chickpeas, but they are actually just a soft crunch.
0,Love this honey - good all around normal and wonderful honey! I mix this with my black medium roasted coffee in the morning. It creates a great taste!
0,Celestial Seasonings English Breakfast Black Tea filled K-Cups make very good, full bodied tea.  Several cups can be brewed and injoyed from each K-Cup
0,This is awesome and adds wonderful flavor to our steaks.  Don't need to go out for steak anymore.
0,I received a package of peanut butter fudge creams, not golden fudge creams, so I'm reviewing the product received.		The cookies are a thin layer of cookie topped with a layer of peanut butter cream (about the same, or perhaps less than the amount of creme in a standard oreo).  All of this is then dunked in chocolate.  The box contains 27 cookies and has a lift tab for easy opening.		I liked the initial taste, which reminded me of a peanut butter grasshopper.  But then the aftertaste had elements of a plastic or resin taste - probabaly the palm oil remnants settling on my tongue.		The product doesn't contain HFSC, but has plenty of corn syrup solids.  The 23% daily saturated fat contained in a single serving (of 3 cookies) is of most concern to me, though it's not a surprise since palm oil is the second ingredient.		At 170 calories and 9 grams of fat for a serving of three cookies, these are a nice indulgence for fans of oreos, peanut butter and fudge flavors.  But be careful if you don't have willpower.  Scarfing down the package, (not too difficult to do since there are only 27 cookies in the package) would give you more than two days servings of saturated fat.		My husband (who likes junk food more than I do) and toddler liked these without reservation.  I thought they were enjoyable as a treat, but because of the nutritional information, would probably not purchase them again.
0,I'm overjoyed with my purchases (two so far) of these cashews. They are high quality and make a nice sauce base (if you're vegan)  . If you're picky about your cashews, this is the one to buy. Every one in the bags are good! I buy 2 bags at a time but may increase that to just have in hand. Another Amazon staple for me.
0,So happy together.....la la la la...Happy camper as I do like to season my meals and snacks, but needed to really cut down on my sodium. This is the ONLY reduced sodium salt I could find (and I've tried quite a few) that measures exactly how much sodium and potassium is in it. So many other ones say (only 1/2 of the usual sodium, etc. etc.) --- what does that mean? What is the metric being used? Plus, this stuff is good. Yep, the best one I tasted. I waited and prayed to the heavens it would taste good. Not to mention, the portion of the salt that is not potassium chloride is healthy for my body with minerals and not processed. It is a finer textured salt, and I'm definitely using less of it because I'm being careful not to put too much on. Hope everyone likes it as much as I do, and the price stays economical. Score!
0,Huge container, easier to dispense than bags, can be re-used.  Flaxseed is good quality.  No problems with this transaction, a little cheaper than Bob's.
0,I just love coconut oul. It keep my skin soft, hair moist and great for recipes as well. So much cheaper online
0,I bought this product for a friend who is undergoing chemo. My husband and I were introduced to Designer Whey when he experienced very low appetite as a result of treatment for cancer; during his treatment, he used several containers of the whey--of all the dietary options, I thought this was one of the best. The protein in whey is supposedly very healthy, and the drinks were quite well tolerated by my husband when his appetite was marginal as a result of his treatment.
0,Coconut oil is such a healthy supplement and I have been taking these for at least a year. I recently started my husband on them also. If you are not aware of the positive health benefits, read a book on here called "Alzheimer's Disease-What If There Was A Cure?" by Dr. Mary Newport.  The personal experience she describes is informative and a dramatic turnaround for her husband, who had early onset Alzheimer's.  Medium chain triglycerides provide relief for the brain cells that are starving in these patients.  It kind of makes me wonder if the current low-fat mentality in mainstream medicine has in fact had unintended negative consequences in our society. I will continue to take this as a supplement and to use coconut oil for much of my cooking.................
0,This is my all time favorite tea, it's refreshing and I love it!
0,Wonderful !lasts forever!
0,The Best
0,These are so delicious!! They're not very thick, so it's not filling, but if you need a quick, healthy snack to get you by for awhile, these will do the trick.
0,Very good tea!  I enjoyed it very much!  Will order again!
1,I love strong coffee but this tastes like licking an ashtray when made with my Tassimo machine.	Still looking for something that tastes perfect, one cup at a time
1,I will not be ordering this product again. The salted peanuts had too much salt and not enough peanuts... flat on flavor... unless you want to just lick salt.
1,If I could've given a half star, I would've. I purchased the coffee flavor.  First, the smell is overpowering when opening the packaging. Is this the natural ingredients coming thru?  The natural oils??  I don't  know but several ppl I offered it to, wouldn't take due to the smell.  Next, it's tough to chew. I mean my jaws r aching and I've only been chewing about 10-15 minutes. The toughness reminds me of those old fashioned gum balls from the machines in grocery stores.  I purchased this gum because it's all natural and I was trying to be healthy but giving myself jaw problems in the process isn't worth it.  Maybe I received a batch that was older or not as perfect as what others experienced,  I will say the taste was pleasant, not too sweet, and no aftertaste. But the toughness in chewing is just not worth it to me.
1,it is not worth the money for tiny quantity, besides you can make your own with soy flour or carbquick mix or carbaloze flour, recipes on line.
1,The flavor is subtle from the beginning.  I was hoping it tasted like a juicy pink starburst.  It sure smells good but is disappointing from the first chew.  The little flavor it has also disappears in minutes.  It also gets harder than most gums and hurt my teeth after about 10 minutes of chewing.  I'll finish the pack but I probably won't spend money on this.
1,The case arrived with the pieces mostly broken and the confectioner's sugar "dusting" all moist, gummy and barely coating the cookies (most of the coating had fallen off). They looked gross, so they ended up NOT being served to guests as a light dessert. Some tasted stale even though they were (barely) in date. The lemon flavor is quite unnatural and the pieces of hard lemon candy baked into these "shortbreads" contributed to this very unnatural flavor. Not a plesant experience and I actually ended up tossing them after tasting the first few boxes. The fact that the shortbreads were broken--very few were whole cookies--added to the disappointment of this purchase. I can't recommend them for these reasons and won't purchase again.
1,Very disappointing.  Came jammed into a mesh type bag, badly bruised, dried out, definitely NOT fresh.  Guess I'll have to go to TJ's if I want properly packaged fresh bok choy at an affordable price. Won't order again.
1,Tastes like chalk.  Nasty.
1,These oversized MM's tasted so terrible that we threw them away.  Waxy chocolate infused with severely raw spices in a heavy handed preparation.
1,They don't look anything like what is on the cover!  They are dry and	taste like saw dust.  They fall apart in your mouth like dried out leaves	or grass.  Horrible taste or for that matter, there is none!  I'm throwing	mine away.  Ugh!!  Horrible.
1,terrible taste
1,This is not zero calorie nor actually sweetened with stevia! This is sweetened with a sugar alcohol, with a little stevia added. Each can has 50 calories and for a diabetic this stuff raises your blood sugar almost as bad as any regular sweetened with sugar soda. And the sugar alcohol gives you horrible gas. A big thumbs down to their false advertising.
1,This salt has a perfume odor.  When I opened the bag, the smell puffed into my face.  It smelled a little like shampoo, and maybe a little like hand lotion.  Hard to say, but it is apparently a quality control problem.  I don't wear perfume and I certainly will not eat it.  It stinks.  Very disappointing.
1,I wanted to like this but didn't.
1,I wish it tasted more like tang.
1,These are so delicious when I buy them at the grocery store but the ones that came from Amazon were stale and hard and a huge disappointment. I will never order them again from Amazon. One star because requirement is at least one star.
1,Not a fan. But you'll need a fan... for the flatulence. Oy these made my whole family musical, but not in the fun make-ya-want-to-dance kind of musical. Texture and taste were fine, but will not be buying again!
1,These Chia Bars were dry and kind of gummy at the same time.  Their flavor was difficult to describe but I felt like I was eating the inedible parts of plants straight out of the garden.  I guess they were not for me.
1,Pasteurized with racing fuel. Smelled like they were bathed in rotten fish.
1,Sorry to go against the positive ratings, but this product didn't impress me at all. Let's start with the flavor...bland (and a bit strange). I had to use my spice arsenal to get it to taste somewhat right. Also, it takes a lot of heat to get this to dissolve and it's an effort. The ingredient list is impressive, but for the price, flavor, and inconvenience, I'll just pass.
1,So bummed I got a bad batch. The last large container of this brand's oil was delicious--probably one of my all time fave coconut oils. The last one? You can smell it when its bad; its pretty plain to tell. The good stuff smells simply like coconut, light and aromatic. The bad stuff has this slight acrid scent that's unmistakeable. Luckily Amazon refunded it but now, I feel cautious buying another one. If it's bad too, at some point I look suspicious, not the company...like I'm trying to score free coconut oil.		POSTSCRIPT: I got another container. It came in a beat-up box with a cracked lid. The oil isn't bad but still has the slightest funky smell. Lesson learned? Some things are better bought in a store. It's a big container of delicate oil sitting in lord knows how many trucks, etc. for hot hour after hour.
1,This stuff tastes NOTHING like the usual crystal light lemonade. I was completely disappointed in it. It has this watered down weird taste to it.
1,Too weak....
1,Taste good, but I can't eat them....too much gas!
1,This garbage contains milk, and Amazon won't take it back.  This stuff is bad news if you're a vegan.
1,I'm not digging the taste at all. The rest of the package will be feeding the birds.
1,This mustard is too vinegary and leaves an unpleasant aftertaste in my mouth. It's not terrible but it has such a strange aftertaste that it just is not for me. The taste left in my mouth after consumption is quite metallic. I won't order it again.
1,It was so much smaller than expected for the money - approx. 3x3x3 inch box!  It was a gift so I can't rate it for taste.  Actually, I didn't hear raves about it, so probably just so-so and it was embarrassing to give as gift.  Had to buy other items to give with it and spent more than I wanted to for my fruitcake-lover friend. I guess I should have paid closer attention, it does say 1 pound.
1,I bought this as part of a metal detox.  I get it and found a warning "This product contains heavy metals known to the state of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm."  Not sure what all the great reviews are about but this went in the garbage.		The company that sold it also put their own label directly over the ingredients on the bag.
1,Not sure what the point of vapor distilling water to get is pure, and then adding a bunch of man made chemicals into it.		Calcium chloride can act as an irritant by desiccating moist skin. Solid calcium chloride dissolves exothermically, and burns can result in the mouth and esophagus if it is ingested. Ingestion of concentrated solutions or solid products may cause gastrointestinal irritation or ulceration.[24]		Other possible side effects of taking calcium chloride include:		  A chalky taste in the mouth	  Hot flushes	  Lowered blood pressure	  Loss of appetite	  Feeling sick (nausea)	  Being sick (vomiting)	  Constipation	  Stomach pain	  Feeling weak	  Mental disturbances	  Extreme thirst	  Passing a large amount of urine	  Bone pain	  Kidney stones	  Irregular heart beat	  Coma		Any of these may be a sign of overly high calcium blood levels (hypercalcemia).[25]		Calcium chloride salts also tend to contain a small amount of metals, especially aluminium. Over time these metals can accumulate in the body and have a toxic effect.
1,Initially, I liked the taste, but there is an aftertaste that is really awful, especially at the bottom of the bottle. A few of us tasted the same bottle and no one liked it and we all had the same dislike of the aftertaste, more thank anything. I like the fact that it's pure coconut water, but I've had pure coconut water from a young coconut in Jamaica, and it didn't taste like this. :(
1,Doesn't taste like mango, so I have to use a sweetener to get it down. Don't know if it will be beneficial for me yet.
1,The ingredients for the Carb-o-licious Rum Balls were not located directly below the product nor were they in the photos. I ordered them with the hopes that all the ingredients would be acceptable for my allergies and the Keto low carb diet. I was excited that the delivery came to my door an hour before our power went out due to high winds. Both my husband and I ate them in the dark. They were delicious. But both my husband and I have an almond allergy. I checked Amazon and the ingredients list was posted but it was further down the page. It was my own fault for not scrolling down further. So we both had an allergic reaction to the almond flour which was the first ingredient. If I had had lights I could have caught it before we ate them. Shoot. Anyway, I do recommend the product for those who are not allergic to almonds. They were delicious. But we won't buy them again. It was my own carelessness that resulted in our untimely allergic reaction.
1,for 98% chocolate this is way way way too sweet and sugar sweet it is stevia sweet.  I use stevia daily in my coffee and tea but if you have ever put too much stevia in your coffee or tea you know how strange it can taste.  This has that sickening sweet stevia taste.  These would be much better with far less of that. Eat plain stevia and this is the overpowering taste you will get.  Very disappointed at their formula.  This could have been wonderful.
1,OK for those who like a mild cup of coffee, but it's not like what you get at a McDonalds restaurant for breakfast.
1,Too expensive! Try your local grocery store for better deals. The quality was great, nevertheless.
1,Vegan yes but not organic and not yummy.  Tastes very bad.
1,I was looking forward to the innocence of this product. However, I question the validity of it being "extra virgin". It didn't bleed when I dipped into it. Plus, it acted a little too--ahem--experienced.
1,This has no smoke flavor at all, it's only saving point is that it is sea salt. Will not purchase again.
1,I've used Chamomile Flowers forever. The taste of this was a bit different. The price is about $3 less then the place I usually ordered from so I gave it a try. Perhaps this is to organic for me since I found a snail in it! See picture!	I won't be ordering this again.
1,Based on all the positive reviews, I really anticipated having a positive experience with this brand.  Unfortunately, I did not.  This almond butter tasted dry, bland, and borderline bitter.  I will stick with Once Again which is by far the best almond butter I have eaten versus the many others I have tried.
1,Well, it all comes down to taste. Not the worst, but way too sweet and overly moist. I did eat most of these but would did not re-order.
1,I wanted to love this because I LOVE Earl Grey tea, I NEED decaf and I ADORE the convenience of the Keurig.  Unfortunately, I don't love these.  The flavor is very weak and doesn't deliver on the aroma.  I typically use the large cup setting on the 3-size model, but even the small cup is wimpy with these.  I did find that mixing this one with a stronger-flavored decaf tea results in a more suitable strength, but then you have to make 2 cups of something. The English Breakfast decaf is a much better choice.
1,The big bacon pieces are a plus. Everything else about this soup is horrible.
1,I had to return tis product after I received. Why?		1) It was not iodized	2) More than half spilled and messed up other items in the package
1,Too sweet.  My bad for not getting unsweetened.
1,How can these people offer only SIX cans of this product while charging the Amazon customer $21.95 for it?! This product sells for $5.00 or $5.50 per SIX pack in the grocery stores and the sellers of "D-n-S-Gifts - Grocery & Gourmet Food" know this!		In fact this product sells for approx. $2.50 per 6 pack when its on SALE!  I also see that D-n-S-Gifts - Grocery & Gourmet Food sellers are now offering 24 cans (FOUR packs of SIX cans each) for $46.87 as well. So why are they ripping Amazon customers off by charging $21.95 for only ONE six pack?! I mean what if the customer only wanted to buy 2 six packs (or 12 cans) of this product? I guess they would charge the Amazon customer $43.90 for it!  I mean the option of buying 24 cans or buying 12 cans comes down to a $2.97 spending cost difference!  This makes absolutely NO sense to me!		When I had been shopping for bulk quantities of this product, (January 19, 2013) I ran into the advertisement posted here that had sounded very much as if they were selling "4" six packs for $21.95! (note: the 24 can option wasn't even listed then!) And so knowing that last October 2013, I had previously purchases 24 cans (4- 6 packs) of the Peach-Mango flavor for approx. $15.95, I thought for sure I was getting 24 cans for $21.95!  The difference of spending $6.00 more was due to buying the Orange-Pineapple flavor.  But when this product finally arrived several weeks later,  I was shocked to see only 6 cans had arrived! I tell yeah, I'm so upset I could just spit!  Amazon should be ashamed of allowing D-n-S-Gifts - Grocery & Gourmet Food to take such advantage of their customers! (sigh)		BTW- I see that Amazon Prime is once again offering 24 cans of this product (Orange-Pineapple) for $22.55! And the Peach-Mango flavor for $15.95! Seeing this price difference proves even more that  D-n-S-Gifts - Grocery & Gourmet Food is a rip-off for charging $46.87 for 24 cans of Orange-Pineapple!
1,taste not as normal...
1,GREAT
1,so I've been eating these and sharing them with everyone I love for a couple years now and it is indeed a good product and I always heard people who I introduced to these say "the ones you buy taste sooo much better than the ones from the store" complaining that the outsides may be white or tough and not that silky smooth outer shell and the creamy lush filling that is Lindt truffles. That's was what I received here so I advise do yourself and those you love a favor and buy directly from lindt. They sell here in bulk on amazon (these do freeze well) and they have a website as well (with TONS of varieties!)  because these from this seller pale in comparison to the taste you get buying direct, for the first time I was dissappointed with a lindt
1,I wish I knew how the actual beans were, but I don't because every single can was crazy-damaged.  This is not a one-time thing from Amazon's shipping department.  I used to have a subscription to get Amy and Brian's coconut water.  I stopped the subscription because every can was always severely damaged.  Perhaps Amazon needs to review how it ships canned goods.  I would have loved to get a subscription to this product.  My daughter lives on refried beans.  Sad.
1,Insanely overpriced.	Customer support terrible.  Shipping estimates way off.	Would NEVER buy again!
1,Didn't like it. Taste more like liverwurst. Would not buy again.
1,Very grainy.  wouldn't recommened
1,The taste is excellent and there is nothing to complain about on that. However, after a few weeks, I noticed some black bugs start appearing in the cupboard that I store the rice. The inside of the basmati rice bag is full of these bugs and it was quite unnerving. The bugs also bit holes into other bag, such as the flours that I put in the same cupboard (a bag of flour full of creepy-crawlies is quite disgusting). I put the basmati rice in the freezer for a couple weeks hoping it would kill all the bug larvae, but they just keep coming back....		Thinking about how much bug larvae is still hidden in the rice is making my stomach turn...		As I don't see other reviewers stating the same problem, I am hoping this is an isolated incident. I would try other brands in the future.
1,Wonderful but there are better options
1,This was once a very very good tea with lots of full bodied flavor and scent. Then a few years back the corporate suits looked at their bottom line and gambled that there are enough Americans who can't really distinguish good from mediocre, so why not cut back on quality and cruise on the Twinings name. Judging by the stellar reviews of their product, they made a smart business decision. They bought cheap leaves and dumbed down the taste to a brackish, uninteresting non-event.		Compare this stuff with Tazo English Breakfast tea; you'll taste a hige difference. There are probably some other good E.B. teas out there, but Tazo is fairly widely available in my area. Sadly, Lipton followed the Twining trend toward mediocrity, so they're no better.
1,I was hoping this version would be better....but although less salty...still lacking in texture and taste
1,Have no taste. I liked the fact that its organic virgin coconut oil but this brand did not have the coconut taste that I love, so for me it was a done deal. I use coconut oil for just about everything, and I really like the flavor. To me this just taste like grease, I won't buy it again. I ended up using it as a hot oil treatment which worked out pretty good. I also use on my body, and give it to my cat, because she  seems to like it.
1,There seems to be an enormous variance in potency and flavor from box to box.  The boxes I received prior to September 2106 were all very potent and delicious. The two boxes I recently received however are very weak with poor flavor. They mostly just taste like hot water. It's too bad, because with consistent quality this would easily be my favorite beverage and a 5 star product. But it hurts throwing away two boxes of worthless tea bags...
1,The caramel coloring used in certain soft drinks is made with ammonia and is highly carcinogenic. Coke has stopped using the old caramel coloring in the United States. Pepsi still uses it except in the state of California where it is illegal but they are going to stop using it by the beginning of next year.  So, even though cane sugar is less dangerous than corn syrup, the Coca Cola from Mexico uses the OLD caramel coloring that has been determined to cause cancer. They allow it in Mexico. They are phasing is out in this country. Check it out in Consumer Reports. I'd stay away from Coke from Mexico. That carcinogenic Caramel Coloring that they use there is deadly stuff. Go to consumer reports, do a search for "caramel coloring" and you will see what I am talking about. You do not need to be a subscriber of Consumer Reports to read this article.
1,Too thick.  Did not taste as good as others I have bought
1,Not even half as good as compared to 8 o'clock original blend.  Bland and a bit insipid.  Really could not recommend.
1,I'm all for a beverage that can help me be more alert, but I also want it to taste good.  For me the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Nawgan-Lemonade/dp/B00C7KJC46/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Nawgan Lemonade</a>&nbsp;was too artificial tasting and when I compare it to other beverages with the same amount of caffeine, there is no reason for me to purchase it.
1,Had this on automatic order.  3 orders ago most bars crumbly, 2 orders ago most bars crumbly, last order stale and crumbly.  Reported this but no response.  Unfortunate since when previously ordered most bars intact and fresh.  Must be a shipper problem?  No longer on automatic reorder.  Will purchase elsewhere.
1,If you're not INCREDIBLY careful removing the gum from this packaging, the metal backing will cut into you fingers--and deep!  Terrible.
1,I love True Lemon, True Lime, True Grapefruit, True Orange...these, however, are just too sugary sweet. The FIRST ingredient listed is SUGAR.  It overpowers the flavor.  Sweeter than Kool Aid, and that's really sweet.  I will not order these again.
1,Got this product and it was stale..expiration date was in a few days..use buy 4.9.15...they tasted stale also...Can't get my money back. Don't buy..
1,Well I have tried everything to be able to use this and not feel like we are crunching on aquarium gravel!  I even bought a spice/coffee bean grinder to see if I could get this down to fine ground after the blender and food processor failed to do the job.  I tried it for coating on my fried zucchini and summer squash.  That is AFTER putting through the grinder.  They did brown well, but the nice soft cooked squash was again like crunching on gravel.  Hard on the teeth!  Gave a bad away but warned them.  They did not like it cause it got under their dentures!  And yes she put through many tries of grinding it down.		I read  the reviews on the fine ground but again the issue of feeling like one is crunching gravel.  Do not like the flour!  COME ON BOB'S MILL WE WANT CORN MEAL LIKE WE CAN FIND IN THE STORE but desperately need NON GMO!		What a waste of money!!
1,The liquid in this product includes juice other than from peaches. Because I have allergies to some of the other juices, I disposed of the product rather than consume it.
1,WAY TOO SALTY!!!! It looked like it was the scraps of a chicken processing plant. (You know, all the stuff that collects at the back of the saw blade.) Something you would buy at the 99cent store.
1,I have been buying the International Coffee Swiss Mocha flavor for many years and getting it here on Amazon since it was pulled from the shelves locally.  I saw these pouches which are so much less expensive that the 14 oz cans and thought they were the same product.  But not!  Apparently they are supposed to go into some automated dispenser, and the product is a different texture and taste when made by spooning the mixture into a cup.  Don't be misled-- cappuccino is not the same as the Swiss Mocha mix.  Would return the unopened pouches if I could.
1,I imagine this is what eating soggy cardboard is like. The texture really is just not good at all.
1,I do like this company, but the black tea has a much higher caffeine or something content and followed package brewing directions. Was racing around work for a few hours at warp speed like after a double expresso. Reminded me of celestial seasons early 'morning thunder' tea mix. Was a little much for me and my colleagues who had to put up with me until it wore off. Bag to back of cabinet.
1,This product did not meet my expectations because I expected them to already be roasted. They were NOT. They were raw almonds. Maybe that fact was mentioned in the advertising; if it was not, it should have been. From now on, I shall always check that I am ordering roasted almonds. I oven-roasted one bag full, and it was quite good. The other bag I gave away.
1,Was excited to try this until I read the ingredients. I don't drink caffeinated beverages of any nature.  Be sure and read the ingredients list before ordering.  The idea is good but while caffeine is a pick me up it's also highly addictive.  Any manufacturer who adds caffeine does not have the best interest of the consumer in mind but is wanting addicted consumers who just can't get enough.
1,Ok not great, B&M much better. These are bland.
1,Does not work with 2.0 kuerig machines
1,I bought this to drink while waiting for my own batch of Fire Cider to brew (takes about 6 - 8 weeks). I tolerated the taste, but honestly, it tasted like pickle juice and ended up pouring it down the drain. My own batch tastes 200% better! I love Fire Cider and it does NOT have to taste like pickle juice. My only conclusion is that the batch I ended up with 'brewed' for too long. Not sure if that's the case, but it sure was nasty. Sticking to my own homemade batch of Fire Cider. It's easy to make, look it up online, very very simple, and in my experience, much better tasting!
1,Sadly, this honey is not sweet.  I like to use honey in my tea.  Usually only a teaspoon is needed, however after 5 teaspoons of this honey my tea still was not sweet.  I thought maybe something is wrong with me so I have continued to try.  After using half the bottle, I have concluded this honey is just not sweet.  I will not buy this product again.
1,I thought I was buying gum, spry gems mints not spry gums mints. Don't really like the taste.
1,These are definitely the worst snack I have ever purchased in my life.  Dry as the Sahara Desert, not much taste, and way overpriced.  Save your hard-earned money for something else.
1,Nasty just not good.
1,Product leaves a lot to be desired. The cooked grains come out fine but the dressing is just powdered acetic acid with some spices. It really does not compare to real dressing made with real vinegar. The dressing is also way too sweet as it tries to compensate for the lack of complex acidic flavor.
1,I'm an alkaline water hunter :) real and natural (nothing added) alkaline water tastes good and helps relief some stomach problems. I checked out lot of brands, and they actually fail acidity simple test PH strip shows the same under my tap water. I've heard this morning on the radio about this water....looked up online... and everything looked good on their blog except "Evamor's great taste comes from the alkaline rich mineral blend infused in the water." INFUSED into the water....why would I buy it??? I can just get this "infusion" and add to my regular water.....		I used to live in the place rich in lime soil and i know how the alkaline water tastes. Evian and san benedettto are only two brands I found int he States that taste good and ph is about 7-8...do not know if they add something to water thought...
1,The flavor dies really fast with this gum. I could only chew for about ten minutes before spitting it out.
1,kinda bland for pretzels - of course I'm not quite sure I like this gluten free stuff. seems like all the good flavor has been sucked out
1,I was so happy to find ORGANIC hot cocoa but am not happy with this product!  I am using it nevertheless and thinning it out with coconut milk to make it palatable.  If you make it according to the directions, it is the right flavor but the liquid is TOO THICK, not pleasant to drink!  If you cut back on the amount of powder you put in or add more water than recommended, it is then tasteless...so it seems like a no win situation!  But, I am now using organic coconut milk from Trader Joe's to thin it out and I think I have a winning combination...not to mention the mild coconut flavor with the chocolate...very yummy and satisfying for a treat!
1,It is a GREAT idea; but, it really does taste like slimy apple cores ground up and mixed with very few blueberries.
1,I am EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED in this so called "Prickly Pear Syrup" and "Prickly Pear Cactus Jelly". SUGAR IS THE FIRST INGREDIENT IN BOTH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They should be called SUGAR SYRUP and SUGAR JELLY with Natural Prickly Pear Juice. This was to be a gift for a Diabetic friend!! What could be a very fantastic item for Diabetic's is unfortunately a health risk. Shame it isn't sweetened with MONK FRUIT and then is would be a fantastic alternative for Diabetics and actually anyone that ingests it. SOMETHING TO THINK ABOUT! I will not be buying this product again, unless the content changes and their is a list of the ingredients, as they appear on the bottle, in the description! The 1 is for the prompt service in unloading this item on me...
1,So so not very natural to taste.
1,YEK.....  And it takes 5 minutes In the Microwave !!!!
1,Too much sesame seeds, not enough garlic and herbs
1,not worth the price
1,they are charging $1.00 per k-cup i saw this and decided to go to Keurig.com and these same k-cups are half price
1,I bought this because it's on season 3 of Hot Ones. Spice level is okay, but the blueberry is very odd.
1,It tastes good but makes me ill.  I researched it, and it's just not healthy for humans.
1,I made a mistake, didn't see this was only 14oz.very overpriced!
1,The Fiber One Salted Cheesecake Snack Bars do taste really good.  They are sweet and have a nice dessert flavor.  Notice that I said "dessert".  They are pretty small -- maybe 2 x 2 inches and flatter than a normal bar.  It is gone in maybe 4 or 5 bites.  For the calories, carbs, etc., I would rather have a small real dessert.  These Fiber One bars game me tummy issues.  About an hour after I ate it, I had a pretty gassy stomach.  Maybe I should have had more water with it to help with this problem.  Kudos to people who aren't affected by Fiber One bars like this.  Anyhow, pros - taste good,  cons - small, stomach problems.
1,Waste of money. Buy Tim Horton instead
1,Sadly what I received was not the imagined "pearls", rather boxes of expensive sugar with a few lumps in them. Not at all what I wanted!
1,maybe its just me, but I don't like these at all.
1,Sauce is dry, pasty, tasteless, not even close to previous orders received from UK, basically a tin of mushy beans!  I've  been eating these Heinz Beans for many years, no longer achievable here so have been ordering from a UK marketplace site, all was fine until this Canadian "version" arrived!  Tried two tins, the remainder will reside in my rubbish bin or be passed as dog food.
1,awful  stuff tossed it
1,Best candys but overpriced u can but them for 6$ on their website
1,I bought Spry in the past because it was the only gum I found that didn't have artificial sweeteners. I'm look at the label and the 4th ingredient is"banana & pineapple (artificial flavoring )"	Amazon doesn't list this ingredient! This listing states " SugarFree Gum Sweetened with 100% All Natural Xylitol Spry Dental Defense System" which is VERY misleading. If I wanted artificial sweeteners I would go to any store and pick up a pack cheep.
1,Made me so sick. Hurts your stomach terrible. Emailed company and didn't respond.
1,These muffins smelled so good when I was baking them.  I was really disappointed when we went to go eat them, however.  They were VERY dry and the texture was VERY grainy.  They were hard to swallow and we only managed to eat half the batch.
1,I buy the mini eggs now instead of these -- more chocolate! These are a mouthful of sugar.
1,I am an avid farm of Walden Farms products. Virtually calorie free, fat free and sugar free, many of the dressings, syrups and sauces are extremely palatable. The caramel dessert dip is quite satisfying; the chocolate version is not bad. But if you are looking for a peanut butter alternative, this peanut spread is a surprising catastrophe. We could take the thin & fluffy texture, but the taste seems truly unpleasant. Another reviewer mentioned a chemical taste; I agree. One wonders who the tasters were in the kitchen.		Walden Farms chefs---you can't win 'em all; take this product out of the line. It embarasses a truly innovative line of healthier products.
1,There is nothing wrong with this except that I just don't like them. I wanted to try them for a while now and I guess they are not as I expected. The raisins are chunks, not minced and I'm not getting any other fruit flavors because of it. I really wanted to love them, I love Walkers products!
1,Last time I got a very reasonable assortment of flavors.		This time (June 2010) I got three pounds of Wet-Face Watermelon and two pounds of TooBerry Blueberry.		Everyones' tastes are different. For me, I am not a fan of Wet-Face Watermelon. And, I kid you not, the TooBerry Blueberry tastes like a wet dog.		So I will give away the Watermelon pops at Halloween. The local kids will like them.		And the Wet Dog flavored pops go on my desk at work for all those freeloading coworkers who steal my candy! ;)
1,Disgusting! I cant believe the reviews on here, this taste like powdered Poop. it was seriously so gross :(
1,This tea has oodles of different types of mint but NO flavor. I was hugely disappointed.		I will stick to my organic single mint tea varieties I find at *arget.
1,These taste amazing!! Unfortunately they KILL my stomach! I am Gluten Free and my stomach hurts as if I ate gluten after eating a KIND bar. After a quick Google search I believe the chicory root fiber is the culprit. Too bad because these bars are a quick easy snack.
1,Yuck!  The little fish taste like vinegar.  I like a mustard taste but the vinegar overpowers the mustard.  I was sent twelve boxes.  I rinsed them off with hot water to try to get rid of the sauce but the vinegar still hung on.  I choked them down, at least eight boxes over a period of time but the last four I fed to the dogs. (they liked them!).
1,Early last fall, I started drinking coffee as a way to keep up with my very active twins. I quickly discovered how fun it is to try new flavors because there are so many out there! I prefer flavored coffee and ended up trying all of the ones that looked good at the grocery store so I decided to shop online for some other flavors. One of my favorites is Gloria Jean's Butter Toffee and I also like Macadamia Cookie by the same company. I've been looking for a good French Vanilla coffee and figured I would try this one since I've liked a couple other flavors by Gloria Jeans.		Gloria Jean's French Vanilla Supreme is a medium roast coffee. This particular order came in a box with 24 K-cups and the expiration date on the box is August of 2018. When I opened the box, all 24 cups were accounted for and in good shape.		I was pretty excited when I received this coffee and brewed a cup of it right away. When I make myself coffee, I always use the 8 ounce setting on my Keurig for better flavor and add creamer to it, either French Vanilla or Sweet Cream flavor. I've had this coffee a couple times now and I really am not thrilled with it. It doesn't have much flavor to it and, the small amount it does, tastes like a strange chemical flavor, as another reviewer mentioned. This coffee even smells funny. I've tried this coffee with both creamer flavors I have and it still doesn't taste right. I'm not sure if it's the box I received or just the flavor but I wouldn't buy this one again. I've also tried&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Green-Mountain-Coffee-French-Vanilla-Keurig-K-Cups-12-Count-Pack-of-6/dp/B00I08JH4Y/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Green Mountain Coffee French Vanilla, Keurig K-Cups, 12 Count (Pack of 6)</a>&nbsp;and that French Vanilla flavor tastes much better and I would recommend that one if you want a good French Vanilla coffee.		I'm disappointed in this coffee, which is sad because Gloria Jean's makes some of my favorite coffee. Everyone's tastes are different but personally, I didn't like this coffee and rated it two stars because, if I add a lot of creamer, I can stomach it since I prefer not to waste coffee if I can help it. Sadly, I don't recommend this product but I do recommend Butter Toffee and Macadamia Coffee made by Gloria Jean's if you like flavored coffee.
1,First time ordering it, was shocking to find bits of the sacks in which they must have been stored prior to being ground ( burlap threads )!!?? I had to handpick them ( disgusting) . Wanted to return it back, but it was not worth while for me.	I gave 1 star because it smelled nice. But not for save human consumption. Better pay attention to their processes before someone gets hurt.	I normally order the whole beans, so I would know what the heck in it?? Now I know to stick to my system, who knows what else gets grounded and roasted in the process?? Insects?? Other seeds or animal parts ?? This merchant needs to be investigated by the health department
1,This Manly basket is way overpriced for what is in the basket.  I like Oberto products but for what was in the basket,	I could go to the store and get everything for a cheaper price.  Disappointed.
1,My first bag of oranges were delicious, labeled organic and juicy.  I ordered another bag for juicing and I received an unlabeled bag, so I don't know if it's organic or not.  The label looks as if it intentionally torn off -- they could be conventional oranges full of pesticides for all I know.
1,very bland even when mixed with regular to make half caff
1,Ahhh...I can't say I have lost weight...yea u can say u poop like crazy....and don't think u don't get cramps...Lord have mercy ....u feel this pain...I bought 5 bx in Burlington but I will be returning the unopen ones....not worth it....sorry
1,I bought these since many people commented on how great they taste.  I think they are bland and need to be salted (even though there IS salt on them and I ALMOST NEVER add salt to my food).  I don't think they replace chips and  I don't know that I'll be able to eat the rest.  I certainly didn't think "these are yummy" as I tried them.  Also, each bag is 2 servings--I mistakenly thought each bag was 1 serving.  I will by Stacy's soy chips again before these---those are YUMMY--I never should have tried something new.
1,The fish seems quite dry, not fresh and it is overpriced. I used to buy this product before I tried salmon from Honey Smoked Salmon Co. There are tons of flavors and the flavor and texture of the fish is superb! You can find it at your local Costco for $14/lb.
1,I didn't realize this product contained sucralose. I also don't like my coffee sweetened.  That said, I am probably better off with using vanilla extract, but that is a little bitter.  if you want a sweet vanilla flavor and don't mind sucralose, this product would be fine.
1,Delicious coffee but this box has had  K-cups that allow coffee grounds out and into your cup.  About every other K-cup has done this.  Not a good price if you have to throw out every other cup of coffee.
1,I bought them because consumer reports gave them high ratings.	They are below average - what were you thinking, consumer reports?	I actually threw these folgers cups out..	In my opinion, Starbucks k cups are the best and Green mountain brand is pretty close.. Maybe newmans.. also not too bad.. folgers is the worst of the lot!
1,The bars I received were very stale, brittle and smelled rancid.
1,I was buying quinoa from a different supplier and when their prices went up I switched to buying from amazon this ancient harvest brand. Bad mistake. My daughter started to get this rash around her mouth like she had eaten something with wheat in it. She had the rash for months and would complain about her stomache hurting. Everyone else in my family said it made their belly hurt, even the ones who aren't gluten free and yes the bitter taste is bad. This quinoa hasn't been rinsed. the exp date is still good but I will be throwing out the rest of it and going back to my old brand!
1,I order this prodcut to make a graduation favor with and needed them to be in their original shape.  Many of them had obviously melted in shipping and were squished and broken.	I realize it was summer and they are chocolate, but I have ordered chocolate from other companies before who alway had some type of ice pack in the box.  I assumed this would be same.  There was no ice pack or any attempt at keeping the chocolate from melting.	The order did come when expected, but not how expected.
1,These have a really good flavor but there are 2 serious problems:  1) some of the bars are nice and chewy but others are really hard and difficult to eat, like they're old or something.  It hurt the top of my mouth.  As if that's not a deal-breaker enough, I realized these were making my stomach turn.  I got really gurgly and gassy.  Yes, I did enough of a controlled experiment to know it was these bars!  Who knows, maybe it's the chicory root fibre.  So I've got like 5 bars left that I'm not going to eat.  Needless to say I won't buy these ever again.  KIND has *other* bars that are delicious, reliable and don't give me terrible gas and a stomach ache, so I'll stick to those.  I like&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/STRONG-KIND-Thai-Sweet-Chili-Savory-Snack-Bars-1-6-Ounce-12-Count/dp/B00JJVZM2C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">STRONG & KIND Thai Sweet Chili Savory Snack Bars, 1.6 Ounce, 12 Count</a>&nbsp;and get them on Subscribe \& Save.		I like&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/STRONG-KIND-Thai-Sweet-Chili-Savory-Snack-Bars-1-6-Ounce-12-Count/dp/B00JJVZM2C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">STRONG & KIND Thai Sweet Chili Savory Snack Bars, 1.6 Ounce, 12 Count</a>&nbsp;and get them on Subscribe & Save.
1,EVERYTIME I order this it is more stale. First time it was excellent had great blueberry taste, the next time weaker and stale. This last time, threw it away and will NOT be reordering
1,I expected to really like these chips since I am a fan of the original. What a disapointment! No flavor or real taste that would make me want to consume the entire bag. As another reviewer said....tastes more like a rice cake!
1,I bought this item at nearby store. All I can say  isYUCK! Disgusting! I bought it because I get desperate for a sweet taste of something while doing low carb. I'm NOT THAT DESPERATE!	Wow.. I'm not sure my taste buds will ever accept this product.
1,I really like the whole milk I got this thinking it was a WHOLE CREAM like it says in the title BUT IT IS NOT !!!!  IT IS WHOLE MILK. It is the exact  same can  as the 900grams only smaller (400 grams) so more expensive.  False title rename this MILK!!! NOT CREAM!!!!! very dis-satisfied and can not return this for what I want/ORDERED.  Shame on AMAZON!!!  BAD BUSINESS!!!!
1,When I saw all those chocolate chunks in Back To Natures Granola I got a little too excited.  I love me some chocolate and when it is in granola I can only imagine the orgasmic experience in my mouth.  I am sad to report that no orgasmic experience was to be had.  Upon first bite I noticed a great crunch but the flavor of the granola by itself almost had a raw taste to it, like a raw flour/oat taste and it was very off putting. Not at all sweet and that could be a plus for someone who is trying to not eat too much sugar but I need my granola to have some sort of sweetness to it which this granola did not have.  I had some of the chocolate in the mix and that by itself was very delicious but not worth the cost of the granola, will just get a chocolate bar.  I much prefer the Love Crunch Granola By Natures Path, that is absolutly scrumptious and has the perfect amount of chocolate flavor and pieces along with freeze dried berries, plus it is all organic.  So if you are looking for a nice flavorful granola that has nice chocolate goodness look elsewhere because you will not get that with this granola.
1,I am a huge twizzler fan. I love the filled yellow and red ones. These, yuck....do not bother. Was going to give them to a friend. Sending them back instead.
1,I actually ordered this by mistake. Somehow, I thought I was ordering the Hazelnut instant, which is really great. This coffee is very bitter, and I ended up giving it away.  I definitely won't make that mistake again.
1,This stuff tasted like cherry soda, not even a hint of Dr. Anything. Someone needs to get a closer flavor but this sure isn't it.
1,Icky without flavor
1,small, dry, hand wrapped saran wrapped, cakes. nothing special here.
1,I was looking forward to a new flavored coffee and bought this based on the great reviews. Unfortunately, I'm pretty disappointed with this one as it is very weak -- guess I got a bad batch. I have had my Keurig for several years and always run one medium and one small cycle to get my large cup of coffee which I drink with about 2 oz of half-and-half. All the flavored and regular coffees come out fine this way. The first time I did that with this product, it smelled awesome, but there was hardly any coffee flavor at all. I next tried just a single large cycle which, again, smelled awesome, but had very little taste and the flavor was similar to some of the chocolate/coconut K-Cups except much weaker.
1,This stuff does not work for me- I get more caffeine effects from a good cup of joe. I have a strong stomach and this stuff makes my stomach feel awful.  To top it off, it tastes stale.
1,I've used SweetLeaf stevia extract powder for years. I thought I was getting a good deal on this bigger shaker, but didn't realize this powder isn't the same strength as the stevia extract powder.  For the extract powder 1/3-1/2 tsp = 1 cup of sugar. For this sweetener powder 2 tbsp = 1 cup sugar. So this is actually a WORSE deal than the smaller shakers of extract powder. Furthermore, it is miserable at dissolving in cold liquids, turning into white globs that weren't dissolved even 24 hours later despite excessive stirring.	The filler it contains is inulin fiber (which wasn't listed in the product description....which, by the way, is super outdated and refers to "packets"). I used to be that SweetLeaf's version with inulin fiber was referred to as "Stevia Plus." Guess not anymore. Inulin fiber messes me up! No wonder I've been having so many stomach problems the last few weeks.	I'll continue to buy the SweetLeaf stevia extract (https://smile.amazon.com/SweetLeaf-Organic-Stevia-Extract-Ounce/dp/B00GRY34E2/ref=sr_1_8_a_it?ie=UTF8&qid=1467292195&sr=8-8&keywords=stevia+extract&refinements=p_89%3ASweetLeaf), but never this again.
1,The product is a let down...mew. Perhaps, I'm tainted by fact the jar arrived leaking.  But, the color had me wondering if the stuff was bad, as the color was certainly not white.  It was a 2 tone color, ranging from a light golden brown to darker molasses look at the bottom.  I stirred it, and am eating it.  Only because it cost so much.  The taste is very average...like regular store bought honey that has expired.  The other raw honeys being sold are much superior in taste, look cleaner (non processed) and cost less.		I just read some other reviews and now wonder if I got ripped. Anyhow, not ordering again.  But, I gave it a 2...because it is honey after all.
1,I want to preface this with saying: I eat whole foods, primarily. We don't eat out. I rarely use sugar in anything. I eat lots of different types of nut/seed butters.		This stuff is gross. Seriously. I love several other brands of sunflower seed butter. This isn't fit for a dog.
1,I ordered/received Dried Crystallized Ginger from [...] and it is not what was advertised. The product is made in Thiland and not in Argentina and it has a lot of chemicals in ingredients likesulphur dioxide,calcium chloride, sodium metabisulfite, etc.  I ordered 2 packages. One I tried and trashed immediately of terrible stomack problems and the 2nd I did not even open.  just a horrible product
1,good coffee, bad pods
1,It doesn't remind me of peanut butter, one bit.  It's gel like and slippery.  I was so hopeful that it'd be better.  I took one taste and threw it in the recycle bin.
1,Sweet but doesn't dissolve. I've had to strain liquids after stirring this sweetener in. Always leaves clumps.
1,I've had much better tasting Jimmies then these "artificial imitation chocolate"  There is not one real once of chocolate in these!  I am sorry I ordered these, I'm use to better tasting product.  It really taste like cardboard flavoring.  Maybe the rainbow one taste better but the chocolate is so bland.  All fake ingredients.  The other brand I had bought were much better, I just can't find them anymore.  Also they don't even give you a spout slotted top so it is easy to pour.  you just take the top off and be careful.
1,Just awful! This ground coffee has a burnt taste and horrible flavor, it has "natural" and artificial flavors, It does not state what the artificial flavor is, yuk, the worst coffee ever.
1,Well, the coffee tastes good, with a smooth flavor that would be good to drink all day long, but the cups let coffee grounds through. I won't be buying more and will stick to buying my k-cups elsewhere.
1,As with all items delivered this day, it arrived frozen & therefore, useless.
1,Honestly I've been eating these as snacks but the taste is like not much different from slim jims, the fake beef jerkys that were affordable growing up along with hot cheetos. I only bought these because they were so cheap but honestly it has screwed with my digestive system in many a ways. I do not recommend if you can afford real jerky, skip and save yourself bathroom pain.
1,Gross. I even tried to give them away at the office but nobody liked them. They had a cardboard taste, not close to Kiwi. They were shipped fast and it's nothing against the company, it's just that I found this product to be gross.
1,I usually love allsorts, but this brand didn't do it for me. The colored parts are kind of like waxy sugar.
1,This has to be the worst stevia product I have ever purchased. It is a combination of bitter, woody and chemical. I have had their regular sweet drops which are loads better than this. Just disgusting.
1,Just but it at the local clip joint. Same product. Same price. Same tastelessness.
1,The nutrition facts on amazon say these have 12 grams of sugar per 3 cookies which is not true..My bag says 16 g per 3 and that 4 extra grams makes a difference to me because less is better......They are sickening sweet and hard and will be returning....Guess i will make my own with honey.
1,I don't know if we got a bad batch or what.  Most of the coffee in our box had a very bad 'stale' taste.  My husband can't drink any of it. I managed to salvage the hazelnut flavor but the others are too bad for even me. I usually am not picky when it comes to my coffee. I can drink strong/weak, dark/light but I cannot drink 'stale'. I had hoped this would be a good selection to have on the 'subscribe and save' but since we had to throw out over 1/2 of it, I cancelled my subscription.  Brooklyn Blends is much better in our opinion at least for a variety pack.
1,Did not receiveit
1,Arrived crushed and damaged! The wholle package of the plastic smelled like perfume. I will never order again!!
1,tasteless flacks
1,This was a gift for a relative who kindly asks that I never buy them something that tastes so vile ever again.		They insisted they would stick to the berries alone.
1,These pops contain citric acid, which they brag is GMO-free. GMO-free is irrelevant because citric acid is still bad for you and your teeth. European studies show it errodes teeth far more than sugar. It's produced industrially from corn or mold (not citrus), both of which are allergens. Don't make the mistake of thinking these are a healthier option than other lollipops because of the ingredients they say are NOT in them. Isn't it also about which ingredients ARE?
1,I purchased this coffee several times and for some reason this time both my husband and I think this coffee smells and tastes like cigarette ashes. We thought thats very odd so we tested another  kcup and the same issues. We also noticed that the labeling on top of the lid is slightly different then the others we had purchased. Very odd. Since the seller will not accept returns I guess We are out the cost of the the 2 boxes of 24 each since they are undrinkable. An added note in this house we are NOT smokers.
1,the ravioli was delivered frozen and it was fresh, but there wasn't really any chicken in it!  ive had other brands with more chicken in them. and i didn't taste the sweet pepper. it was plain tasting. i was expecting more of a sweet pepper taste and chicken.
1,It just doesn't taste good. The vegetables are too mushy and hardly any pasta. It caused major digestive problems. Never again
1,The first one I tried came out a gooey mess and slimed up my Keurig.
1,This stuff tastes terrible. Then again I don't like the taste of Stevia in general. People say it has no after flavor, Then how come I can taste an after flavor!!! I prefer Acesulfame Potassium or Sucralose. I hate Saccharin and Aspartame. Anybody has any suggestions on low calorie beverages for me besides water I am open to suggestion!		Edit: I have since found that True lime packets with stevie glycerine drops (NOW brand Better Stevia) is a tasty beverage so it is not all Stevia that have a bitter aftertaste.
1,Not at all as they are pictured. They are micro cookies. The entire box fit in our small mailbox. We were VERY disappointed! Definitely not worth the price.
1,Got these for my wife who loves chocolate and peanut butter and she said these didn't mix right.  She did eat them and was OK with it but doesn't want them again.
1,Great coffee but too expensive.
1,A little more than half of the dates were super dry and hard. Normally I wouldn't mind, but it was seriously hard to eat sometimes. The other half that were soft and moist, were very tasty and caramelly.		Honestly though, you're way better off buying dried dates from a big brand like Dole...etc. at your grocery store. They're a lot more consistent with the quality and I don't really have to worry about coming across a moldy date. I find it that some of these smaller brands, with the exception of a few, aren't very reliable in terms of quality.
1,I don't like it
1,Walnuts are quite poor in quality, many rancid or soft as if breaking down..Amazon won't take back food, Sincerely Nuts has not answered either my phone message or e mail as of this posting. The cashews were just fine....perhaps this posting will get some attention for a $ 20 problem, he says hopefully.
1,Was very sad to find on the internet that Kashi uses GMO's in their products.		Do a Google search for 'Kashi GMO' for more details.		Shame on you Kashi. :(
1,I wish I would have bought one to taste it before I bought six.  The noodles have a weird texture and the flavors are not good.  Wish I could return, but grocery items can't be returned.
1,Not a fan......not a fan. Will not reoder
1,dyed
1,even though the date was fine, the cream was dry
1,dark but void of any flavor....what am I drinking???
1,Added to many things, taste is horrible. I ended up using fresh ginger. I used this for ginger beer and it tastes so unnatural.
1,Very dry. I'm sure these aren't what the fresh versions taste like because mine fell apart upon taking them out of the plastic wrap. They seem like brownies that you make at home that are left out in the open for about a week. Not appetizing to say the least.
1,Again, I have found this is not the best product available. I have been shopping for chia for five years now. I still have more to learn.
1,Only two of the six boxes are organic, the other four are the classic!  Not what I ordered!
1,Used to be good, past 2 boxes have been smaller bars and wayy too sweet! Plus these aren't even close to organic
1,I love KIND bars and eat about a dozen a week. I was really disappointed in the box of Dark Chocolate Nuts & Sea Salt I ordered. The almonds were stale and the bars did not seem fresh in spite of the 2017 expiration date. I would recommend KIND bars wholeheartedly - just not this particular flavor.
1,Brews are too weak for me.
1,Two stars equals = we didn't like it. Sort of grainy/sort of mushy/sort of like like mortar for building a brick wall.  The printed information on the box is  all in milliliters which I do not understand, and very merry olde England. "Perfect with all sorts of roasts. Or rolled up into sausage-stuffing balls to serve along side your Sunday roast (with two veg.?) The trouble is that on the strength of the other glowing reviews here I bought a case of them and am now wondering if I can return them...I'll give you a tip on a fine and fabulous stuffing though: Trader Joe's Cornmeal Stuffing. Only available around the holidays, it is wonderful and so easy. You boil up the packet of dry fixings (I add chopped celery and onion) and butter, pour over and bake. YUMMY.
1,The honey tastes fine, but it smells like cheese or butt or something awful. I did some research and its not unheard of for honey to smell bad, so not dangerous, just.. really unpleasant. NO RETURNS either. Most non-5 star reviews mention the smell. Buyer beware.
1,I expected the gum to b a pleasure but it was so offputting that I can't use it.
1,awful after taste
1,Tried it out for appetite control ... pointless
1,Very thin flavor, Stale, No heat,
1,no lo e prodado
1,Despite the amazing reviews, this tea did not arrive in the attractive tin as pictured.  It arrived in an old-ish looking tin like it was straight off a cellar shelf, and seemed a little sketchy.  Based on the reviews this must be an anomaly.
1,These were awful. Not fresh.
1,This went in the trash after trying a couple of the recipes.  Nothing came out like it would with Bisquick and it had a terrible stale, cardboard taste to it.  Would not buy this again.
1,Bought this to make homemade protein bars...definitely has a strange taste and I actually don't mind artificial sweetener taste. Used it once and never again.
1,Gift
1,Some of the flavors of these are just odd and can leave a funny aftertaste. It was a Lighting Deal so I grabbed it, but I wouldn't but it again.
1,I am used to raw grains as I use raw organic granola regularly. However, on the third day I had this protein, (just one cup as suggested) I got stomach pain and felt tired. As this had been the only new addition to my diet it was very easy to realize that my poor body was complaining and telling me not to have this thing again. I always check list of ingredients of every product I buy so, before ordering this product, I had carefully checked the nutrition facts and nowhere did it say that it contains soy. I called Amazon, complained about the manufacturer's misrepresentation, and got a refund. I was on subscribe and save and, needless to say, the subscription has been permanently cancelled. (On a side note, it is true what some reviewers say about the taste: it is really bad)
1,I HATE IT  I bit down and it was like biting a cube of sugar.  Health food faddists, Paleo and HFLC ketogenic dieters stay away.  There is no way to determine this from reading the fine print close up, but be warned - this not coconut , it is sugar encrusted, sugar glazed coconut.  This deceptively packaged product arrived and it went directly to the trash all in the same 60 minute time frame.  I have never been so disappointed and angry. Note to self; Never again.
1,I received this order damaged, with most of the chicory gone from one of the open bags.  The other bags were sealed, but were not full.  So I paid for six 12 ounce bags and got about half of the amount that I paid for.		Amazon did not respond to me about this problem, and they did not make restitution nor did they allow me to return the product!  Bad Amazon!  I am really disappointed!  To make matters much worse, I had also ordered the french roast coffee version of this and it never arrived, yet Amazon charged me to ship it to me and to return it to them even though I never received it and I never sent it back!		What is going on at Amazon!!!  Why are they stiffing excellent customers??
1,Being that I bought freeze dried pineapple from this brand and loved them, I guessed that these would have the same level of excellence.  WRONG!  They were not even crisp (more of a stale feeling in my mouth) and they had a bland, sour taste to them and were small in size.  I bought freeze dried blueberries from Tropical Traditions and they were fabulous; fat, sweet and crispy.  These being blended into pancakes this morning gave me a use for them, but I would not buy these again.
1,What a disappointment and it's my fault because it looked as if it were free, but I had to pay a "small" fee.
1,Ick.  This beverage is way too sweet and way too fake tasting.  It's supposed to be tea, lemonade, and berry flavors.  I tasted absolutely no tea.  I tasted a little bit of lemon and berry, but was overwhelmed by the sickeningly sweet taste.  It's supposed to be sweetened with honey, and honey is the first ingredient, but it's also got artificial sweeteners, and it tastes very much like artificial sweeteners.  In the pouch it smells like Kool Aid, and it's about as sweet.
1,For some reason the wrappers on these candies have a strange, perfumy smell to them. I'm familiar with Brach's cinnamon candies, but have never experienced this strange scent on the the wrappers before. It's quite unappetizing. The candies themselves aren't as flavorful as I thought they would be. Not sure why this is.
1,Not the one I remember from my youth... very  oversweet
1,This olive oil is very acidic. It leaves an unpleasant taste and aftertaste in the mouth. Certainly not a high quality olive oil at all. Would not recommend.
1,Flavor is really bad, had to throw away.
1,The 2 photos are extremely misleading.  They show pumpkin seeds without the shell or husk, but when my order arrived it was pumpkin seeds with shells.  Without the shell, they are green and brown.  With the shell, they are white.
1,2nd time i bought these, the first was a 5 star review but this 2nd box is so bad, like many other reviews, i ate 3 and the rest went in the garbage. stale dried out just plain nasty. will not be buying there through amazon ever again
1,I would not recommend these if you're looking for a good tasting organic candy. I'm not into organic or vegan candy or whatever, I just enjoy the flavor more than candies made with 10 different types of sugar and corn syrup. I based my purchase on all the good reviews and I definitely regret it because now I have like 2 pounds of candy I won't eat. The honey lemon are doable, too sweet for my tastes but it's like a good tasting cough drop I guess. All the other flavors are nasty. I was hoping the green apple would taste similar to green apple jolly ranchers but it's more akin to a slightly rotted granny smith apple. Cherry hardly has any flavor at all, it's like sucking on a sugar flavored hard candy. Pomegranate was so gross I had to spit it out immediately. It tasted like cough medicine. I don't know what to do with all this candy. I'd feel terrible handing it out for Halloween to poor unsuspecting children. If you're looking for GOOD tasting organic candy, look up Torie and Howard. Their blood orange & honey flavor is my absolute favorite. I bought their 5lb bulk bag and it was a great investment.
1,This is DARK roast coffee.  I did not notice this before buying.  I do not like dark roast as the coffee seems burned and strong.  If you like Starbucks coffee then you will probably like this coffee.  I took one taste and dumped the entire pot out.  The smell is very strong which reminds me of a nasty cigar.
1,I do not recommend this product if ordering it to an APO address.  I like the fact this is all organic without a bunch of chemicals added.  Issue is that the mail system does not take into consideration that this is a perishable item.  I received this with over half the product swishy.  I attempted to eat them, but most were too bitter or off tasting. I concluded that the majority of the almonds were no good despite being well within the expiration date.
1,Not so great. Odd after taste.
1,If you think this healthy.. Well you wrong.. Loaded with sugar
1,If i could give this zero stars I would.		This is not Kona coffee and the pictures on the product page are false.  As is the description.  Having lived-in Hawaii and drink Hawaiian coffee exclusively, as soon as I opened the box I was suspicious.  No where on the box that is received does it say 100% Kona coffee as the picture describes, let alone that it's Organic.  Far from it.  In fact, the "back" of the box you see in product description is very different from the product box you receive.  The "100% Kona Bean Coffee" headline is missing and the text is modified to remove all claims of Kona coffee and Organic.  There is also no certification indicating this is Kona coffee either.  On the underside of the box is a warning which was a further indicator.  I've never seen such a label on 100% Kona Certified coffee.  Oh yeah, processed, box, etc. in New Jersey.  The pods....well, label on the pod was a further indicator.		Taste.....definitely not Kona.  Your taste buds won't lie either.		I contacted Amazon and provided evidence that this is a false advert or fraudulent product.  They've been great about the return.  Read the box carefully.  As well, I attempted to contact the seller but never heard back. Shocker.		Do yourself a favor and buy real stuff.  Try Blue Horse if you want a Keurig pod or buy direct from a Kona farm directly.
1,They didn't taste very coconutty at all. They just had a funky after taste. I love coconut so was terribly disappointed.
1,This is like gnawing on a block of hardened brown sugar.  Nasty and now I have 5 unopened boxes.
1,a little tart tasting
1,We eat a lot of gluten free cookies and crackers and have found some good ones. These weren't them. We really wanted the graham cracker taste for the crust of Christmas cheese cake but these were like sawdust. It would have been wiser to go for a different flavour that tasted good rather than graham crust that ruined the whole cake. You just couldn't add enough butter and sugar to make these taste anything other than crumby and crummy. These are the kinds of baked snacks that give GF a bad name. I appreciate their efforts but hope they will keep trying until they come up with a better recipe than this.
1,Not good, one of the lease tasty, And worst tasting mint teas i have ever had
1,This product has a bizarre chemical taste. If you let the glass sit in your sink for an hour, it gives off an unholy chemical, perfume odor, which cannot mean good things for what it's made of. This has got to be made from some inexpensive chemical filler that tastes like chocolate for 20, minutes then reverts to its revolting base.
1,Like some other reviewers, I grew up eating this soup and loved it.  Haven't had it for a few years.  I was amazed at how totally tasteless and over-processed it is now. I can't imagine how people think this is good soup.  I guess they've never really had good homemade soup. It seems many of the old favorites have been changed into tasteless foodoid by industrial production methods and uncaring corporations, which churn out millions of tons of junk food for the masses, who apparently have lost their ability to discern good from bad.
1,just got back from the store with a fresh box of these,  and there is no comparison.  These things are stale.  I could build play castle with these bricks.  Never again
1,Completely crushed and melted by the time I received these.
1,Very runny. Like soup. Can't taste the garlic in it hardly. Very acidy. Too much acid from the tomatoes. I think they needed to add some extra sugar to help with that. Not a lot but a slight amount because the acid in it is too much. Decent price, I just didn't actually care for it.
1,I gave this Candy to my family and friends today for Easter.  Out of all the boxes 1 egg was in perfect shape.  All the other's were broken, cracked egg shells and dust! The Chocolate was add color.  I think they are left over from last year.
1,Maybe i'm not a big fan of coconut but i just didn't like these much
1,I have been trying to find Jordan Almonds to have around the house.  This is the third brand I have tried.  I am afraid I cannot give these a good review.  In fact, I am throwing away the entire package minus three that I tried to eat.  The candy coating on these is extremely thick.  There was so much candy taste that I could not tell if the almonds were fresh or not.  Considering the depth of the candy shell the almonds were undersized to very undersized.		This is not all that I did not like.  Jordan Almonds seem to me that they ought to be pretty.  These were far from pretty.  Nearly all the almonds' coatings were pitted and most were white.  The least volume of color was the yellow with 9 representatives.  Especially the blue and white  had to be put together to really be able to tell that the blue were blue.  Blue was quite light and somewhat mottled.  Other colors were just barely okay with most of them not very glossy and pretty.
1,Not for me.
1,Do not like flavor. Was too spicy for me.
1,These Bars after taking one bite and spitting it out.  To me they tasted nasty.  Chocolate very dark and overwhelmed all the other ingredients.	Left on my end table and my min pin dog snatched it I went to take it away from him because dogs are not to eat chocolate.  He spit his bite out and did not eat any of the bar.  I threw it away and will place the ones left on the Share the Food Table in the Apt complex. No Stars.
1,Texture was finely ground but the almond  flour tasted nothing like almond. It was mostly white with less brown which was unexpected since the package did not say it was blanched. The almond flour did not taste or smell like almonds even a little bit. Very disappointed in this product. I will not buy again.
1,This is lower quality, and for the price, I'm disappointed.  This is a rather light shade of green, and you can see straw coloured pieces right in there.  That means this comes from overly matured plants and the flavour just isn't there.  I won't be buying anything from Denver Spice again.
1,I have had these Epic Jerky Bites before and like them. So, I ordered a box of 8 packages.  The 1st of 8 packages was tasty.  When I opened the 2nd of 8 packages. I noticed that the meat was greenish-blue, and fuzzy. I did not eat it but assume that it was not tasty.  I looked some of the other unopened packages and noticed that several of them were moldy too. I am am returning the product.
1,Peanuts dominate the flavor profile. Very little Vanilla flavor. Disappointing because I was expecting a dominant Almond flavor. There may be more almonds in the bar but the secondary nut - peanut - is far more noticeable.  & I'm really not much of a peanut fan.		The quality of the nuts is not in question - they're whole or in big pieces. The nuts are fresh & 'glued' together with just enough syrup to hold them but not too much to add a lot of sweetness.  The vanilla is not noticeable - not by flavor or scent. So while there's nothing wrong with these, I won't order them again & recommend only peanut lovers try them.
1,Went bad day after i got it
1,I don't understand the people who complained about too little fennel.  I found the fennel seeds to be larger and more stringy than what I get in a restaurant.  I didn't enjoy it because I often had to spit out tough fennel seeds.  I found plenty of fennel flavor, but perhaps inferior fennel seeds.  I will not buy again.
1,I was expecting vanilla flavor with maybe a true spicy flavor, something like a lingering taste of cinnamon maybe. But there was nothing. Barely could I taste the vanilla. I was really bummed, usually I use energizing teas as a pick me up. I make some, freeze it, and when I'm running around with my kids in the early hours, I have something refreshing and light to drink. But this tea was very flat tasting. And didn't give a boost of energy.
1,Love my keurig. Hate most of the coffees. I'm a coffee snob. I can't help it. I love really good Kona or Jamaican coffee. This was watery even in a small cup and tasted as if it was almost artificially coffee flavored. I wish it was better.
1,Still needs tweeking but not bad
1,Badly dented
1,Tastes like sweet tea at first, but in the end its kind of gross
1,The bag of Cacao Nibs were completely rancid even though they were not supposed to expire for almost two years. They were absolutely foul and terrible. I had had other products from Healthworks that I really liked but this one was a big disappointment.
1,I've tried several of Tea Forte's products (a sampler and a canister of 'blueberry merlot') as well as many other loose leaf teas, and I can firmly say that this just isn't very good.  The taste and aroma are not very appealing, and give me a bit of a headache.  Also, the tea itself looks rather unappealing, with brownish-grey flakes, as well as what appear to be blackberry stems with thorns.		If you're looking for a good, low-caffeine fruit tea, Tea Forte certainly has better options - the blueberry merlot or the green tea mango are by far the better choices.
1,I used to like this particular coffee, but the last three times I purchased this dark roast it tastes like it has some flavoring added. I suspect that the folks at Brooklyn are using the same grinder they use for hazelnut-flavored beans. The same thing (to a lesser degree) is true of their&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Donut-Shop/dp/B008I1XNMU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Donut Shop</a>&nbsp;blend. I am a fan of dark, bold roasts, as well as medium blends, but flavored...no way!
1,stale cookies. ugh.
1,The bag I received did NOT have the organic certification anywhere on the bag. the paper label said organic but no organic seal on the bag itself.	The nuts taste good, but when something is sold as "organic raw" it should bear the certification.
1,I like the BPA packaging, but I didn't expect the peanuts would be mushy. In hindsight, of course the peanuts can't stay crunchy soaked in sauce for weeks or months until eaten.
1,the name should have veered me away from this product. I feel like a .....K
1,horribly bitter aftertaste. looking for Decaf French Roast for a long time and this one was not worth the money
1,This is the worst tasting beverage I have ever tasted in my entire life. The sourly, chemically taste is enough to make you puke.  None of the flavors are consumable. Do yourself a favor and stay away.
1,I was expecting this to have at least a taste of vanilla as the name suggests, wrong! Will not buy again.
1,Gross, our reorder tastes stale and very old. Will NOT be rebuying
1,Taste was awful noodles tastes fake.
1,This tastes like any other coffee on a supermarket shelf.  It tastes nothing like freshly roasted Sumatran coffee.  I have tried a few Starbucks coffees and I don't know why coffee lovers drink it.  I order Caribou Coffee every month.  I of course have my favorite roasts from the countries I like.  When receiving my order, the beans are still covered with a thin sheen of oil.  I keep vacuum pack it.  It is so fresh that I have to re-vacuum seal it daily for about a week because it is still off gassing.  I know that this review is about Starbucks.  I just wanted to give a comparison with coffee that is really worth drinking.
1,I received a bag marked ROCKY ROAD MINI BARS that was in fact filled with LOOK mini bars....
1,These Teavana products I purchased were just dried fruit.  Didn't even contain any tea. I don't get it?
1,I was so excited to get these cookie spreads and couldn't wait for them to arrive. I really, really wanted to like these. I tried so hard. But I'm sorry, they are just plain nasty. The "cookies and cream" flavor is by far the worst,which is sad as it was the one I was most looking forward to. The speculoos is the only one that I could imagine eating a second time, based on taste, but the texture of it (all three of them) is so weird and gross that I just couldn't fathom submitting myself to such punishment again.
1,Cookies were not bake right. It was like eating raw cookie dough.
1,I bought these at the market...when I got home I realized I'd been duped...this is NOT a k cup..it's a tsp of instant coffee in a wasteful plastic cup..bad instant that that. I wish Amazon had a way of showing a negative number in a review...
1,Very weak flavor. I like that it's less sweet, but unfortunately, there's very little actual flavor to it. Chai should be a strong, spiced black tea. This is more akin to the pathetic "vanilla chai" (sans vanilla) that Dunkin Donuts used to sell; I was never quite sure what it WAS, but it certainly wasn't chai. Even the chai mixes that Starbucks and Panera use have more actual chai flavor (regardless of sweetness) than this has. I'm bummed that I wasted my money buying a 6-pack of it. I made chai latte a few times from the mix, constantly upping the chai part of the chai-to-steamed-milk ratio, and the flavor just isn't there.
1,The kid won't touch it. A true pity. The pasty is very heavy, undercooked tasting at the time recommended, and it doesn't improve.
1,Way over-seasoned.  Specifically too much salt.  Great company, but this particular version is just too salty.  And, I like salt!  The texture is perfect.  The price is decent.  The appearance is really nice... It is just is too salty.  I actually wonder if something was wrong with the batch I received...  I like hot, spicy and salty...and everything in between.  However, these are like salt licks...  I had about 4 pieces before I just couldn't eat anymore because of the salt.  Then, it took me 2 days to recuperate with gallons of water...  I have never had to drink so much...  Oh well... May be it was just the package I received.  I just can't believe the saltiness is on purpose.
1,I like a few others tried to dissolve this into my coffee, as another reviewer stated it was wonderful for that.....not. Lumps.....would not dissolve even after mashing to cup side. I really don't want to do that much work for a cup of coffee. Dumped into blender, and was able to break up lumps, but not impressed w taste. Wasn't bad, but wasn't good either.
1,Flesh mushy first day
1,It was too expensive.  I did not like the taste, have not used it, much prefer coconut oil which I will continue to use.
1,Returned this candy.  it was stale even though the use by date was good till 2016.
1,big box bamboozeled on beans
1,Weak and unflavorful.
1,Contains beef hearts...nuff said.		I have however been using the cup container since 2014 to hold the other brands of meat sticks that we buy;)
1,Its OK...Tad weak for me...Love CP kcups but this one was a tad disappointing...Only CP Kcup i've tried so far and didn't care for too much......Dont get me wrong..its not bad...just 'fair' to me but others may love it.		I can make it a tad better using 2 kcups for 1 cup, but even then it still is not up to par, in my opinion anyway, to other CP blends. Just a tad too weakish and mild on the flavor for my individual tastes.		I believe this is supposed to be a 'bold' Kcup. Which doesnt mean a super dark roast..bold refers to them adding I think 20% more coffee per kcup. However, when I shake a kcup compared to all other 'bolds' this doesnt seem to have as much coffee.		Plus, it must be a light roast, as well.....		Saw some reviews saying this is as bold as it gets...		Man.,..if anybody things this is bold/dark/strong/rich.....then don't even try organic, jet fuel, black tiger, wake up etc....cause those are far bolder/stronger/richer/darker with a whole lot more flavor...each very unique as all CP blends are, including tree hugger...I just think tree huggers uniqueness is far to bland all around for me.....
1,Any raw honeycomb is 10 times better than this bland joke.
1,Not hot. I'm not sure what type of pepper these came from but it is very mild. If you are looking for hot peppers, choose another item.
1,I bought this product because of the stellar reviews, but was very disappointed in the taste and texture of the snacks.
1,I'm giving up on trying to find good grape laces to eat. I have ordered quite a few different ones and I am just not getting the flavor I want. These were no different. They were very hard..
1,It's not surprising that WALMART can come up with a similar product cheaper, but unexpected that theirs is better... ! I decided to try this product to stop taking in so many chemicals including aspartame. I didn't want anymore artificial flavors or colors. This product has all natural ingredients, but still has coloring, albeit "natural" coloring from fruit / plant extracts. That notwithstanding, I don't like the taste of it - it's too sour. I can dilute the Great Value brand by 1/2 to achieve a very pleasant mildly sweet fruit drink, but mixing the Crystal Light Pure in the same proportions is not satisfactory. I have been drinking the "classic" Crystal Light for years and diluting it by 1/2 and most of the flavors taste fine, some better than others, but all of them better than this product.		The Great Value brand has NO COLORING whatsoever, so it looks like you're drinking water. That's extremely useful if you happen to spill some on your clothes - there is no stain. I don't know why Crystal Light couldn't step up to the plate and make at least a comparable product.
1,Good mints... Piss poor wrapper as it falls apart in your pocket and you end up with a pocketful of loose mints and a trash wrapper.... Their breathmints have a much stouter wrapper..
1,The flakes were not bad at all, but the chocolate pieces were awful. Almost no flavor and very waxy tasting. Would not purchase again.
1,I ordered this bouquet of flowers "a Get Well Gift" for my Best Friend that lives out of state..honestly I never order flowers online but she had a major intestinal surgery so cookies or candy were out of the question..	The first delivery my friend received were filled with a lot of green leaves, dead & broken flowers and nowhere close to the 100 flowers as stated in listing??	I filed an A-Z complaint, sent a photo, then followed by many emails with the Flower Company, they requested a second chance to make their wrong right, I of corse complied. Today my friend contacted me after her second delivery and stated they were all wilted, and looked worse the the first bouquet..	I'm so very disappointed!!!!	Do not waste your money!!	You will not get what you see!
1,I love these Kind bars.  But the last two orders I received were rancid....the fats had gone bad.  Such a shame.  It was so convenient to stock up this way.
1,The taste is just god awful. I actually like the regular Taster's Choice blend, but this stuff is vile.
1,It is a big bag for teapot not for a cup of tea. Not easy to store either
1,I bought the Caramel Toffee Pu-erh tea and did not like the taste at all. I have tried quite a few teas but this one is just inedible and it had a bitter taste. I don't know if that was my fault or the fault of the product. It seemed like a normal loose-leaf tea, but definitely tasted worse than any other tea I have ever tried. I do not recommend this product.
1,It is not the old fashioned marmalade which some people prefer but for flavor it can not be surpased.	It can almost be eaten out of the jar. The only problem with it is, that it is just too good and disappears too quickly.	We like some other marmalades too but given a choice we always end up choosing this one.		I am sorry to have to change my rating for this marmalade. My last order was delivered at the end of September 2014. I ordered two jars. However this time the marmalade is the wrong color - dark and not golden as it should be. It also has virtually no flavor. I don't know what has happened to it or if it is even the same marmalade. The expiry on the lid is for 2015. I could not recommend this nor would I order it again.
1,Worst product in so many ways!!!! It came damaged and bag was torn open in box was able to try one brew of this product and tasted absolutely horrible and I love coffee and chocolate and lastly left my coffee maker ruined!!!! Stuck fast to my coffee pot and had to buy new!!!!
1,This 16 ounce jar of raw, organic cashew butter is tasty, but I doubt I'll be buying it again.  The jar I got was about 1/4 empty, and at $17.99 per jar that's just too expensive.
1,Sadly it loses flavor very fast.
1,The bags are filled with so little tea -- I wonder if my Jewish Parents are running Uncle Lee's -- my God its like dust in the filter bags, the taste is BITTER unlike Gevalia, SPOT or TAZO where its that of Honey.  Again I'd suggest looking elsewhere unless your use too being Ripped Off and cheated.  I feel a little upset so instead of sending back these I put the box in the Goodwill bag for the local goodwill Center.  Avoid unless you want orage peoke tea labeled as white tea derived from green tea.  Again Look elsewhere don't get screwed like I just did.
1,I can tolerate half a bag of this stuff, but then I find I need to drink huge amounts of water, due to the very salty nature of this product.  Blech.		I recommend buying the LIGHT natural instead, which has the same flavor, but almost no salt.  The only problem is that amazon frequently runs out of stock on the Light Natural, which makes it hard to get.  (An alternative is to buy Natural + Bearito's Unsalted and mix them together, thereby diluting the salt to a manageable level.)
1,very tasty, but very small cookies, only 2 for a serving and the box can be purchased in a grocery for 1/2 the price literary. So go to publix and save 3.50 plus the shipping if you chose to go for the 2 small cookie thing. I rather do a large brownie.
1,Not the pure taro powder!	This is mixed with sugar and a whole range of other stuff.	Recipes are confusing. We drank taro tea (more like some sort of ice milkshake with taro flavor), and there are more recipes than there is powder in the bag.	Not sure what the right recipe is.	On a positive note, you can just mix it in milk and crushed ice.
1,probably the worse vanilla powder i've ever tasted and i think it's due to them blending it with the pod cause thats what it taste like!
1,Mine would not come out of the packages.  I threw these away.
1,I guess I expected accuracy from a company like Wilton. My box came with 2 green pens and no orange. I am irritated that I need to return these without trying them.
1,YUK!
1,sorry to say the stuff in them aren't as good as good health - these have more crap in hem and are not gm
1,Not impressed with this product.  It has a strange aftertaste and is not worth the price.
1,Very disappointed.
1,I just didn't care for this at all.  Like another reviewer said, you need a lot to get the flavor of it, but then it's just too sweet.  Won't buy again.
1,I would not pay so much for artesian water. I wanted a glass water bottle. It is NOT.	This is a heavy a very heavy glass bottle. Mouth is small.		I am passing these on to the Naturopath in the family to use for making herbal concoctions.
1,Very unfortunate that the quality of the products are extremely hit or miss. This time it was a miss. Very bad quality. Ended up trashing the bag due to quality. Waste of 25 dollars. It's sad because I always have high regard for we got nuts.
1,This is garbage coffee, all of it tastes like it was burnt long ago.  All pretty much tastes the same too.  Its about on par with starjunks coffee.
1,Not the taste for me
1,I bought these popcorn because of the great reviews. I am very disappointed. Once popped the popcorn are very small, not like the regular popcorn and have a stale flavor. I will not purchase again.
1,Thanks again
1,I bought a similar brand at Costco and was wowed by the taste.  So I thought these might be very much the same.  I was wrong.  They are dry, chewy, and without much flavor.  I was SO disappointed.
1,This is awful!!!  Going back to Hughes BBQ sauce.
1,It's ok taste ! Wouldn't order that again . Nothing special . Average !
1,poor oil quality. BEWARE the oils is NOT EXTRA Virgin. it is just chepaly heat processed and heat expelled oil. with some soybean oil and cotton seed oil mixed in to lower costs. Notice how it doesnt say anywhere about the quality and oil expellation process.
1,well, the product is fresh smells great. I have found out, it's snake oil. It can actually do harm, heart wise. Please Google the new findings.
1,There was a delicious mushroom soup on here but they don't have it anymore. I bought two boxes of this, made my first cup about 5 minutes ago, and this is horrible , down the drain, and the 2 boxes with it. Just tasted like water, no flavor what's so ever. I will never buy any of your products again, and neither should anyone else. I'm sorry I don't like to give bad reviews, but this was just an awful product. I hated to give it even one star.
1,To watery...
1,contains artificial ingredients
1,I'm so upset that I even bought this tea. It has MINT in it for flavor! That's super bad for milk supply. My supply had dipped so badly and I kept drinking this gross tasting stuff in hopes that it would help me out. Instead my supply just slowly kept getting worse and I couldn't figure it out. Then I read further into the reviews and discovered the problem. I'm super susceptible to mint while BFing. I was so upset to see that was the cause of my supply getting even worse. Had to throw a lot of it away. Waste of money. So disappointed. Beware.
1,Wanted to like these, but the texture and size doesn't work for me. I compare them to other name brand pita chips, and in comparison, they seem uniform in size, too buttery, and the texture is more cracker like, than true pita like. I won't buy this brand again.
1,This is NOT 100% Buckweat Soba Noodles.
1,Was ok! Wouldn't rank it any higher than average grocery store coffee. Pretty weak but smooth. So if you like a mild cup of coffee then try this one. I prefer extremely bold.
1,Sure the product is good but if you have gallstones you might think twice before using.  No trouble with ground flax.  This messed me up, with pain, for a number of days.
1,I REALY WANTED TO TRY THIS SOUP BECAUSE OF THE 2 POSITIVE REVIEWS BUT THEN I READ THE INGREDIENTS --->  salt is the first and most abundant ingredient.  Then there are 3 different forms of sugars listed in 2nd and 3rd place, and finally, MSG is included by two different names.  This soup is nothing but salt and MSG.  Why would a strict vegetarian want to ruin her health by eating this discusting consomme?  No thank you!
1,hot
1,Bought this to make high calorie milk shakes for my son who doesn't eat much. He didn't like the flavor when I added it to ice cream.
1,Very salty and has a grainy tecture.  It's not smooth like the jarred queso.
1,GOT white chocolate, how did that happen
1,This Rolland Italian Farro is the worst and most dirty farro I have ever cooked with. There are little shells throughout that are impossible to clean out there are so many. Huge mistake and it has already ruined two of my dishes so I will be throwing the rest away since Amazon does not offer returns on any food items. What a waste.
1,Very disappointed with this chili. Contains a large percentage of water. If I wanted it runny thin I could add my own water especially at $4.50 for a small can.
1,Way too salty.  Salt is about the third ingredient on the list for this curry powder.  If they'd take that out, I think they'd have a fantastic blend.
1,Buy the equivalent Aldi brand, much better taste, and lower cost.
1,Not as amazing as the real Szechuan peppercorns, which I'm assuming these are not, because the heat and the incredible numbing effect is undetectable and the worst part of this purchase was all the bugs that reproduced and multiplied inside the bag, horrific...
1,These look delicious and when you first chew, they are delicious. But it did not take long before I started feeling nauseated and ill. There is also a terrible aftertaste that lingers for a while. Be careful.
1,Very disappointed in these pecans. I may have just gotten a bad batch because I read all the reviews that said they were fresh, moist, and sweet. The pecans I received are bitter, dry, and taste old. I may try to use them for baking but I will not be reaching for these as a snack. I am going to go back to Bayside pecans, which were moist, sweet, and fresh!
1,Quality of the jack links I got were not good.		While not moldy, they were too dry, definitely not as good as jack links I've bought elsewhere.
1,A couple of days ago I realized this Sunday is Father's Day and I hadn't ordered anything to have delivered to my Father-in-law, who lives in another town. I knew time was of the essence if I wanted something delivered on time.		I was happy when I found the Golden State Fruit Orchard Gift Basket with a nice assortment of fresh fruit and a Father's Day ribbon. I quickly placed the order. Time was running out. Paid the extra $8 shipping to ensure it would arrive on Friday. Pressed "Place Order" right on time. Nailed it!		Today I arrived home from work to find a box on my front porch that was labeled "perishables inside". I got excited! Someone had sent me a gift! It's not my birthday, so I guess it's "just because". I tore it open to find the Golden State Fruit Orchard Basket with the gift message to my Father-in-law. Oh my gosh! Really? I was in such a hurry when placing the order that I forgot to select my Father-in-law's address and had it sent to myself. Back to the drawing board. Fortunately I found a floral shop in my Father-in-law's town that can deliver a fruit basket to him tomorrow, still in time for Father's Day.		I am so glad I made this mistake because I would have been mortified to have the Golden State Fruit Orchard basket delivered to him. It's not as advertised and looks cheap. It's in a small basket with shredded green paper. There is no ribbon around it.		The Amazon page advertises that the basket contains 2 Comice Pears, 1 Red Pear, 2 Braeburn Apple, 2 Navel Oranges, 3 Mandarins, 1 Fruit in Season and Father's Day ribbon.		What is really in the basket is 2 small pears, 2 small apples and 3 small oranges. A total of 7 small pieces of fruit, not the 11 pieces as advertised. I ate one of the pears and it was awful! It was not ripe and was so hard to bite that I cut my gum trying to bite it. The oranges are soft and squishy, like they are overripe.		I wonder if Golden State is betting on the fact that these fruit baskets will be sent to someone besides the person purchasing it, so they don't care about the quality of the product?  If my Father-in-law had received this, he would have been very gracious and never would have told me the truth about this fruit basket. I'm so glad he didn't receive it!		This is a waste of money and total misrepresentation.
1,Died within 2 weeks of having. Followed directions, plus I am a professional florist, so I know plants....
1,I brought this before and it was salty.  I usually like the salty version of this product.  This comment only reflects my personal taste.
1,This stuff should be called 'No Hint' as in no hint of any flavor...
1,My gun broke already not even a year old
1,too expensive and not even tasty.
1,The tea itself has a good color and aroma, but I find the aftertaste of the artificial sweetener to be very strong and quite nasty. Granted the high fructose corn syrup that is usually paired with this tea in the random diner is not that much better, but at least it tastes "right". Getting the non-sweet black tea version and adding my own sugar makes a much better drink...		Ingredients: Orange Pekoe & Pekoe Cut Black Teas, Maltodextrin, SUCRALOSE and Acesulfame Potassium.	Yum!! (not!)
1,loaded with carbs! felt deceived
1,This product is not in the same league as Tully's or Starbucks or Green Mountain, all of which I've enjoyed for years. I forced myself to try one of each type in the sampler box for a fair review, but the rest is going away. The stuff is watery, and totally devoid of any character or genuine coffee flavor. I don't know if the beans are second-rate or their roasting methods are off-base, but the result is just unpleasant. I've read the positive reviews and am not trying to convince those people to hate this stuff, but just be aware that not everyone loves the foul taste of failure.
1,I wish I had not bought these, but I was tempted with the special price that was a lightning deal. Water just tastes like water with a hint of mint and an even smaller(TINY) hint of cocoa flavor. Its so small that you almost have to try and think of chocolate to notice the hint of flavor.  :(		Would not buy again, 1/5 stars.
1,As Leno said, "I didn't know how good gluten was."  It sounds a lot better than it is.
1,This stuff made my poop green.
1,We bought this stuff on occasion (loved it) for quite some time, but now it has changed.  Bought some recently and found it to be very mild and tasteless.  Used almost the whole jar!  Still no flavor.  Thought something was wrong and bought a jar a few months later, someplace else.  Same result.  Won't buy again, have tried another brand (A Taste of Thai brand Curry Paste, available in 4 different flavors), will stick with that.  Liked that this came in a nice sized jar, versus a packet, but without flavor, what's the point?  Hope this is helpful...
1,I don't like this product-I love lemon and don't think the lemon flavor is real tasting-I will not buy it again-the price is fine but otherwise I will not buy it any longer
1,Overall it is on the bitter side, but does add that Stevia sweetness like one would expect. I don't think it tastes much like hazelnut, but the brand does have some other flavors that taste great.
1,Two stars - not very good flavor. Kind of blah and really hard to chew.
1,Why this is among MS items blows my mind! Anyone who has MS, such as myself, should be fully aware this item is a BIG NO. NO!
1,Bland & boring, tastes like flat aspirin-y water. Knew I shoulda stuck with the chocolate. Chocolate ROX! (Get the chocolate - you won't regret it)
1,The garlic in here was hard as glass and that's what it tasted like too. Not happy with the product. Threw it out after trying to eat it on stir fry a few times.
1,I do love my Soda Stream, but only the natural flavors taste good to my family. Pet pev the naturals are more expensive,they give you very few in the strarter sets and when I called to request some they flat out turned me down. Now we go through 2 large canisters a month, so that is 30 to 50 dollars a month on Sodastream,also in my area Philadelphia, the gas sells out or is hard to find.
1,This honey has done nothing to help the inflammation in my lung. I am sensitive to second hand smoke and the mucus gets clogged in the lung. The hype about this honey is so deceptive and it is banned in Europe. It has become a propaganda item in America with all these positive things that people believe that the honey does. There are toxins in honey and a lot of this information is hidden from the public. Australian honey and New Zealand honeys are the most contaminated in the world with natural poisons linked to chronic disease.  People get organ damage from the toxins. The Australian Food Code bans the use of poisonous weeds such as Paterson's curse (also known as Salvation Jane) and Fireweed in human food. Their flowers are laced with chemicals called pyrrolizidine alkaloids that are considered the most common cause of poisoning in humans and livestock worldwide. The food standards Australia and New Zealand (FSANZ) permits honey to be sourced from restricted plants as long as it is blended with other honey to dilute it. Last year in October 2015, German researchers from the Federal Institute for Risk Assessment found that even low-level exposure to these chemicals can cause gene mutations linked to chronic lung disease and cancers (such as Leukaemia and Breast Cancer).	https://au.news.yahoo.com/a/30624544/australian-honey-is-most-contaminated-in-the-world-research-reveals/#page1	[...]
1,Delicious!  This is so good when you mix it with cider and either heat it up or just drink it cold.  Our immediate family just loves it and our kids that have moved out have requested what it was and where we got it since they ALL love it, too.  Would recomment to our friends and others.
1,very dissapointed, the only one that was okay to eat - apple. nothing against the company. Just didn't like the texture of the orange or pear.
1,Wanted to find an alternative to todays sweetnerw.  This may be natural but it doent taste good.  Still bitter and not cheap.
1,does not fit my standard keurig,waste of my money
1,i thought this would be the answer to some of my low carb eating prayers....but....sadly...its just too much chemical flavour and not enough yumminess for me ...mixed with real hot sauce it is doablish (thats a word)		good luck to tastebuds that love it tho (i know there is more than one of you out there)
1,We had a can of this and I tried to eat it today. I couldn't, I got 3 bites in the vegetables were unpleasant enough but one bite of the meat and it tasted like what I am assuming cat food pate tastes like and I just couldn't finish the can. The dogs liked it though.
1,If you like funny tasting 'hint premium strawberry- kiwi water'...go for it.  I was not impressed and will not be buying anymore.
1,I had purchased the Lemon Pepper variety of True Lemon a month ago (in the similarly sized shaker), and upon initially tasting it I instantly felt like I was eating a lemon. The flavor was strong, there was a sourness and tartness to it, and I knew I had to order more. A sprinkle or two of the Lemon Pepper on chicken was more than satisfactory to bring out the flavor of citrus.		So, I order original True Lemon (in the shaker), expecting the same sort of flavor. What I received, instead, was a powder that had relatively little flavor (a faint lemon flavor) and, as far as consistency is concerned, reminds me of fake sugar (ie: Splenda). I have to add a significant amount to chicken in order to even taste lemon, and as far as the sourness/tartness goes, it is virtually non-existent.		Needless to say, this was quite a disappointment. I can still put this product to use, as it does help water taste a bit better, but it just wasn't what I was expecting.
1,It is ok tea but not worth the money
1,Nasty tast in ng, hard to chew
1,These are not as good as Snyders Gluten Free pretzel sticks. The texture is just too soft and crumbly, not crisp like Snyders Gluten Free ones.
1,We really enjoy Bold and Extra Bold Coffee so I bought a box of Crazy Cups Dark Roast Keurig Cups which has several different brands/kinds of dark roast coffee. Jet Fuel is by far the least tasty of the brews. The coffee was on the weak side for a Bold Blend, but had a burnt aftertaste. This coffee is not for those who enjoy a really rich, bold taste. So far, Dark Magic has been our favorite of the varieties in the box.
1,The tea is all right.  However, the canister is extremely hard to open.
1,This product is not returnable.		Amazon suggested/replaced a subscription item with this product. It is horrible. The rancid smell and aftertaste is notably gag worthy.  I will not recommend this product. I wish it tasted better. I like the idea. But I will get Taro chips instead.
1,Sorry--it tastes like a cough syrup from my childhood.
1,Only Works in Gold Medal Popping Machines
1,sticky
1,The Baetea Weight Loss Tea didn't change anything for me. It wasn't unpleasant to drink. I actually rather liked the flavor. It didn't do anything for me in the weight loss or bloating arena. I used in the morning before breakfast and before I worked out like in instructed, the elliptical 3 xs week for an hour, my usual routine, and nothing happened. I know some people complained about the "sticks" being in the tea but if you use a good diffuser it shouldn't be a problem. I use the Kati cup by Tea Forte which does not let tea leaves, herbs, spices, and "sticks" in your tea&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Tea-Forte-KATI-Single-Cup-Loose-Leaf-Tea-Brewing-System-Insulated-Ceramic-Cup-with-Tea-Infuser-and-Lid-Birch-Forest-NEW-Infuser-Design/dp/B0108KQ6GI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Tea Forte KATI Single Cup Loose Leaf Tea Brewing System, Insulated Ceramic Cup with Tea Infuser and Lid, Birch Forest - NEW Infuser Design</a>&nbsp;. Some things work for some and not for others. It was worth a try for the price.
1,Thought this would be wonderful since it's loose tea and double bergamot. To be frank, it's not great. The Stash tea bag version of this tea is so much more flavorful. Wouldn't buy it again.
1,I returned these - the flavor wasn't up to my usual expectations for this brand.  The Mint Chocolate ones are leaps and bounds better.
1,I use Saco buttermilk powder for bread baking. The product works and tastes great when the can is first opened but within 2 months it is hard as a rock. To use, I have to chip with an ice pic then grind in a coffee grinder. The package should be ziplok, metal, or glass...not CARDBOARD!
1,Don't waste your money. It tastes terrible and has lots of sugar. Should have read the label. There are other brands way better like Nature's All.
1,I had hoped that this would taste like Pina Coladas but it doesn't.  It is rather nasty and left a film on my tongue.  I wanted something to drink after a work out or to give to my kids when we are traveling but it is to hard for me to swallow.  The reason I gave it 2 stars is because it is good in mixed drinks.  I have been able to add it to smoothies and drinks with alcohol.  If you are going to drink this straight, it helps if it is really cold....almost frozen.  If you really like the taste of coconut milk you might like this because that is the only thing I can taste in it,
1,I had high hopes, I really wanted to like this product, it would be so handy and perfect portion size!  I love guacamole but making it and saving it in small portion sizes is very difficult.  I was eager for this to work out!  One taste and I thought, no, this can't be possible! I opened another and tasted it to the same result.  I'm honestly shocked that anyone likes this stuff!
1,I was expecting that GREAT Juicy Fruit Gum from when I was a kid.  It didn't have such a yellow color to it back then.  At one point I think they even tried striping the gum with this darker yellow, similar to a Zebra pattern.		I think the taste is so artificial now that they probably should rename the gum altogether or GO BACK TO THE ORIGINAL FORMULA!!		I will not be giving this gum out to any children, as was my intent, because of the aspartame.  It's a shame that they included this in a product that it's first ingredient is SUGAR and third ingredient is CORN SYRUP.  Isn't that enough sugar?  I cannot imagine that the addition of an artificial	sweetener would make this product remotely better.		The taste of this gum leaves a bad after taste in your mouth once you're done chewing it.  I won't be buying it again.
1,If my husband had not opened it already, I would have returned it. Mostly sugar and water. Irritating. I don't want fillers.
1,I really don't understand the great reviews here. I've had great truffle oils and these are NOT. Very weak flavor.
1,It doesn't have a good flavor!  Guatemalan Coffee beans are usually like the Corona of beers...very drinkable, light yet still have a unique good taste that never gets old.  These beans from this distributor just don't have any character for some reason.  They aren't very fragrant when I brew my coffee or even when I roasted them,  Sadly I bought a 5 lbs bag knowing that I never had a bad cup of JO from Guatemalan beans.  The beans might be old-stale and thats my best bet?  They look ok and there isn't any mold but very little flavor. (I roasted them at three levels: in-between first and second crack, second crack and a few minutes past second crack...I even tried mixing all three roasts).
1,This was not my favorite coffee. The Dark and Handsome had strange taste, like they did not clean the grinder out after grinding the chocolate flavored.
1,I was drawn to the product because of the ingredients:  sweet potatoes, coconut oil, salt.	I tried this product twice.  First time - the chips seemed good.  They are thicker cut, crispy and not overly salted.  They do tend to be a bit oily.	 On the downside, the chips left me with an odd aftertaste.		I decided to try them again.  The second time around, all of the chips had an odd musty taste.  They were also greasy and gummy.  I've experienced this taste before with rancid or overused coconut oil.  I think that's what is going on here:  the coconut oil is either low quality or overused and eventually scorched.		  I really wanted to like these.  Terra makes a coconut oil plantain chip that has none of this off-putting musty rancid oil aftertaste.  Quality control needed here.
1,I think this is very Yucky and will not be ordering anymore tea pods like these.
1,I don't understand how this is possible, but they must have some problem in their facility...I opened my pakage of Brazil nuts the day they arrived and the expiration wasn't for a year or two and they taste between a mix of rancid and moldy, although they actually look fine.  Hmm, very strange and I am disappointed and although they had a decent price on these I bought them for health, yuck!  Will not order these again :(
1,Indigestion.
1,Both of the adults in this household are fans of good mustard, and neither of us like this one.  It is too sweet without enough mustard kick to it.  The sweet/hot combination can be great, but only if it is done right.  The texture was a little strange too, like natural peanut butter that has been stirred but not refrigerated.		Unfortunately, this bottle of mustard will probably make its way to the back of the refrigerator in ignominy, only to be eventually rediscovered and discarded.		(I bought my bottle at the local grocery store.)
1,I love this stuff.  I'm giving this only 2 stars though because the stuff I got in the mail the other day was stale.  It was dry and gross and tasted like cardboard.		To be fair to Amazon - I did call to complain, and they are sending me a replacement.  I'll update when I get the next package.		However - looking back - I seem to think I had the same issue ordering food stuff before from Amazon. I ordered some very high quality dark chocolate and that tasted kinda stale.
1,It was ok for one big blob. I was excited to share these with a friend of mine that never had them.	 But I was very embarrassed when I opened the package for my me and my friend.	 Only to find out all of the chocolates melted together as one.	 It was very messy and not very enjoyable. We had to pull it apart and scrap it off the bag it came in.	  . Dissatisfied .
1,I like black licorice, its one of the things i miss having given up sugar, and extremely limiting my carbohydrates.  While i never understand not showing the nutritional information (should be mandatory on food products), and usually don't take a chance in that case, the Stevia-sweetened version made me feel it couldn't be very high in carbs.  WOW - more than 70 carbs for 1/4 of the little bag (i don't eat half that number of carbs in a day - and most candy with sugar is not that hig in carbs.  Be careful not to fall into the trap if you are avoiding carbs.  Very expensive and a long wait for a product i had to toss out		btw - the one i ate had a nice texture and tasted really great  (as it should given the 'nutritional' profile)
1,Have heard how good it was.  No discernable banana taste.  More like funny flavored ketchup.  Waste of my money.
1,I love cinnamon, but this isn't your normal cinnamon. It has a very harsh flavour.
1,bought in sept, product also expires in Sept.
1,Even with honey or stevia, this stuff still tastes very bland.  I won't be buying it again.
1,Stale Pretzels
1,Well, this product was not as good as i thought it would be :(
1,These arrived banged up, as did the rest of my order. I made a complaint to the company, I have never heard back from them.	I kept them for a long time, as I waited to hear back. Finally, I opened one and do not like the taste, nor did I feel any energy.	There is another product I like, I wil keep buying it.  I don't feel it would be right to mention that name.
1,This soup has a syrupy taste too it.  So much sugar is not needed in a tomato soup.  Too bad I'm stuck with five more boxes.
1,Yeah these were gross and we got them refunded immediately.  It may have been the storage method during transit (maybe the temps were too cold or warm??  I see a lot of positive reviews so it is possible that these were just messed up), but these tasted disgusting.  The outer "airhead" part tastes fine, but the white inside part instantly turns to grainy mush as you chew and has no flavor.  These were just awful and I couldn't stomach more than four.  I even had several friends and family members try them before I hopped on to refund and review this, but each one had the same reaction and not one person would take the remaining 11 bags off my hands for free.  Worst airhead product I've purchased, will not buy again.
1,ordered 2 The packages came in a box without any gel packs or bubble wrap to keep them cold/cool or from moving around in a box that could have been smaller, they looked like they were just put in the box with one turned upside down with no stamps on the box to show this side up or fragile. the packs felt room temp so we placed them in the fridge to cool/cold for 2 hours and when we tried to  open one up it was one big block of peanut butter, chocolate and yes wrapper filled mess, so went to Amazon.com to get a return/ replacement but this is not eligible for return so I guess it's my mess to deal with, so no more orders from Amazon that has to do with candy or anything else that can't be returned. If they were just for me I would have still been upset but I gave them to my sister and niece when they came in so I was embarrast too
1,The cost is extremely high for the quantity. This tastes great but shouldn't be $30!! 6 32oz= $20 $30 is obscene.
1,I bought this by accident and got digestive upset.  Turns out it has carageenen.  Will not buy anything with carageenan.  Too many products have it and so the quantity most people digest is enough to cause a chronic health problem.
1,<div id="video-block-R29C0K1XVV5B42" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1hie%2Bz6kKS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81eDsDSTe-S.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Bleh, this is a one-note bag of sour mush. It's overly tart and heavy-handed on the chili powder. Sure, the free-standing bag is convenient to store and toss in the microwave, but the sodium content is high. That should be a surprise to no one, as it's usually the case with processed foods. 9 oz is not a lot of food. For an active adult male, this is more like a side.		I really did not like the consistency. It's mushy and I could not taste any chicken in it. There's no satisfying mouthfeel to speak of. On the plus side, it's fast and easy. The bag bloats up from the steam while microwaving, and has two "cool touch" tabs on the side for safe handling. The ingredients are all natural, and you can read them all without consulting a chemistry textbook.		This is not something I would eat again.		The instructions warn that uneven heating could cause the bag to pop, but I didn't have any problem with that. The easy to open tear pouch doubles as a bowl to eat out of.
1,NOT FRESH
1,but way too heavy for my taste. Maybe a quarter of these muffins would be more than satisfying but I would not order them again.
1,Tastes more like molded cheese instead of white cheddar
1,We really had good hopes for this, but it turned out to taste rank and like plastic. Gummy mouth feel. Not a good purchase. We prefer the more expensive (of course! Doh! LOL)  Robert Rothschild Farm blossom sauce. We were looking for a cheaper alternative to that with this purchase, hoping to save some $ because we use this a lot w/ apps & sandwiches....sadly, it was a fail.
1,I am used to the chili Costco sells and this is not it. If it has meat I could not tell and the beans look like they have been hit with radiation they are so big. I would not buy again
1,The cap design is horrible. Yeah the cap doesn't get dirty but my floor does, my table does, and my food gets ruined! Th ketchup shoots out at high speed and makes a major mess!!! I would rather have the cap get messy! You can't squeeze it out just a little. It's all or nothing and will make a mess of your food and table! I would rather have the old messy cap!!!
1,That potassium citrate or whatever they add to it tastes bad and gives me reflux/burn in the back of my throat. It just gives the coffee a really bad aftertaste. It was fine at first but after  a few sips I no longer wanted to drink the can.
1,No! Flavor only lasts for a few seconds and its very hard to chew. Sadly, I think cardboard would taste better and not cost nearly as much. Ugh! :(
1,not what we expected. Thought they'd be like the old fashioned rectangle onez Brach'z use to make.  :(
1,Received my syrup broken, was packed very poorly. After salvaging some it tasted almost similar to a cigar. After reading the reviews i thought maybe it was just me, but i didn't bother getting another to try it.
1,We bought the 12 pack and 6 were thrown away because 5out of the other 6 had black GUNK in the bottoms .. Yuck! I was shocked! Kept opening another one and another one with the same results. Will never order coconut cream from a can again ?!  Don't know if it was BOA or not but it was gross! BUYERS BEWARE!
1,sucks
1,I just strated using matcha... I loved my first package.  The one I bought before was less product so I was looking to get more of it.  I felt the up lift product with in that half/hr. I absolutely loved it. Unfortunately I did not feel any benefit at all from this brand.. I'm very disappointed. I never felt anything at all not evern a little pick me up.  So I'm back to the other brand for sure! Personals the taste is also very bitter. I will not buy the brand again!
1,It may be healthy, but problem is it just doesn't taste very good
1,Where on the package does it say "Organic" ??
1,This variety is not good.  Stuck with a case on sale.  The wife made me take them out of the house - smell disagreeable.
1,Little lesson on TRUFFLES...	Truffles graded "Extra" are larger than most, the second highest in truffle quality. Best when used at the conclusion of the cooking process, to release all their aroma and perfume. Chefs suggest to slice or shave thinly over pastas, risottos and omelets. Whole -entire truffles- are marked "brushed" (which means they have been cleaned of any soil or dirt), preserved in brine or truffle juice -which can be discarded or use to flavor sauced or broths -and are ready to use.		Preserved truffles are a nice, budget-friendly way to add VISUAL truffle appeal to dishes. However, if you are looking to add the pungent aroma and taste of truffles to your dish, chefs recommend that you explore fresh truffle selections. Jarred or canned truffles, sold by vendors, are mere shadows of their fresh truffle selves and will not, by themselves, deliver the aroma or flavor of fresh truffles. They are great to use with truffle oil - the oil will add the flavor, the preserved truffles the truffle "look", but preserved truffles should be used only to garnish a dish, or in conjunction to truffle butter and oil during those times when fresh truffles are out of season or when the budget doesn't allow for the real thing.	NOTE: Preserved truffles out of the jar or can have almost NO FLAVOR or odor. If you are looking for the true flavor of a fresh truffle, then please go to seek fresh truffle pages online and purchase a fresh truffle. If you're looking to add a truffle LOOK only to your dish, then this is the product for you.		Better to buy real truffle oil & experiment, for example "JR Mushrooms & Specialties" on Amazon, is a good start--about 10 dollars is low commitment that is in line with a superior bottle of extra virgin olive oil (EVOO).
1,After watching a Vegan Cooking demonstration the cook mentioned that smoked paprika was her favorite all-time spice so I went right on here to order some unfortunately I didn't get smoked paprika I got just paprika which I already have tons of
1,I THREW IT AWAY.......TOO MANY HUSKS AND STONES.
1,These were stale and they didn't retain much flavor.  It was a waste of money.
1,Received the candy sticks in with other items and appeared to be packed quite well.  Upon opening the box of sticks, all of the candy sticks were broken and not just cracked in two pieces but probably 4 of the total 80 in the box had only 4 breaks whereas the rest were pretty much fine powder.  We had planned to put them in stockings for Christmas, but that is not going to work.		Would not recommend anyone buying the peppermint sticks if they want whole sticks.
1,Let me be honest here.  We received a "sampler box" of six Thin Slim products .  We all wanted to LUV these items and just could NOT	stand the taste. The white bread tasted like an old wet sponge ! The muffin was moldy and the brownie was passable but not so good.	Meanwhile, we are collecting recipes to make our own home made low carb products.  We still cannot figure out why a company has not invented a great tasting and reasonably priced low carb product .
1,I love coconut and have had to switch things up to a low/no gluten diet, so I was excited to discover this cereal.  This cereal is heavy, so you will likely not be filling your cereal bowl to the top.  I have since switched to a rice based cereal.  Going to throw this through the food processor and use as a gluten free breading for chicken.
1,Oily wooden discs with the taste of old soil. If you like something chewy, these might be right up your alley. Especially if you like dining on tasteless slivers of cork. My first (and last) foray into the truffle world.
1,So now they have changed this and it does NOT taste the same.
1,Not what I remember.. Taste and texture not pleasamt.
1,I love almonds but didn't particularly like the bland taste of this product so I gave it away.
1,Not sure I will buy this brand again-  I purchase almonds to soak, dry, and then process into Almond Butter to make Almond Milk --- After  pouring these Almonds into my soaking bowl and then adding the water, there  was a distinct turpentine smell ...  Only after rinsing about half a dozen times, did the smell fade ---		I know that most Almonds have to be 'prepared' before shipping, but never, ever smelled anything like this ..		I contacted the company and was told "Our Almonds are bought directly from the farm.  I am not sure what the issue is but we will bring it up with our quality control personnel and see if we find a similar issue and get back to you."		Have never heard back but based on the stereo- typical brush off,  "not really interested in hearing complaints" that underlies this response, I did not expect any further reply.
1,I bought this hoping that it would be a good iced tea.  You have to put the setting on the smallest cup size and it really has very little taste.  I was really sorry I ordered this tea and wasted my money.
1,I was supposed to get a six pack of these hamburger buns but I only received  one package of four buns.  It clearly states Schar Naturally Gluten-Free hamburger buns 10.6 ounce, 4-count (Pack of 6)-yet I got only I pack. $35 for one pack is way too much for hamburger buns!!!!  what is going on here?  I put in for a return and asked for a refund!!!!!!!
1,We were able to get locally grown sourwood honey for years.  This was nothing like it.  Our sourwood was very light in color and had a very mild, delicious taste.  It was the best honey I have ever had.  This honey was much darker, stronger and actually had a bitter taste.  I was very disappointed.  For anybody who has had the real thing - this will be a great disappointment.
1,I was really excited to try something new but sadly these kale chips are not good, not good at all. The texture is awful, the flavoring is not very strong at all and the after taste is not very pleasant. This is not a product I would every purchase.
1,In spite of coming up when searching for K-cups, these are not.  They are some sort of odd filter-pack.	They are even boxed exactly like most K-cups.
1,Finally Gluten Free and I can honestly say after eating home-made for 6 years while waiting for this, they're tasteless and uninspired.  They are a typical frozen dinner, not good... but sustenance in a pinch.
1,Disappointed in the flavor Buttermilk was better.
1,these were the worst flavored sardines I HAVE EVER TASTED. this is the 1st time I ever saw a white mustard sauce that had a horrible taste.  I honestly think they were bad.  I will stick with Crown Prince Bristling Sardines in mustard sauce. Even my cat wouldn't eat these.  The only thing I can say good about these they were big but again I have to say very tasteless.
1,I'm a big fan of chai tea, but I didn't like this particular combination at all. I didn't find it "full bodied" as the other reviewers suggested (when I think full bodied, I think PG tips, strong/robust/smooth)	This seems almost musky like, and a bit harsh (no, I didn't burn my tea)
1,The bags I got were not dark like the picture. They were a little darker than regular pot chips but most were barely darker, some not dark at all. I bought store brand dark chips locally and they were very dark like the picture, and were delicious. I cannot recommend these chips.
1,I bought this product in December - great buy.  When I went to buy it today, it had doubled in price.
1,Kids did not like this.  I buy Orgain protein powder for smoothies and figured these would be a great addition to kids lunches.  Maybe they are just too picky.
1,This is very similar to blackstrap molasses If you like them, you will like this.
1,These taste ok, but something is wrong with the ones sent to me. First tried one last week after lunch & threw up just before dinner about 4 hours later. Reid again last night & threw it up this morning followed by extreme diarrhea. This batch may be tainted....?
1,These are amazingly yummy - the dark chocolate and peppermint combo is so addictive that I once ate a whole box on the drive home from Christmas at my sister's. I bought some at Trader Joe's Saturday night and made my boyfriend take them home with him and ration them out when we see each other.		My one star represents the price only - I'd be willing to pay 20% over the retail price, but $19.99 for an item that costs less than $4 in the store? Give me a break.
1,Meh..
1,GROSS, complete waste of money!
1,When I received the bag it was opened, so I was worried that it took away some of the freshness and flavor.	After comparing these beans to other brand of Ethiopian beans, I can tell that these were not the best I've had at all.  I've travelled to Sidamo and get local & Yirgacheffe & Harrare beans which are much much much better than these beans.
1,You can get a gallon of apple cider vinegar at Walmart or other stores that have virtually the same label and contain mother. Don't waste your money on this. It's a rip-off.
1,takes too much prep for a cup of soup. needs foil! This to me has the impression of lift the lid, add water and heat and wait - but there's multiple steps and too much effort and wait for a simple cup of soup for not much reward in the end, soup was blah and I had high hopes. Smell was nice, taste was not so nice - kind of like vanilla from the bottle. Big difference. The texture was disappointing, prep needing foil was out of line and it's not something I will be buying again.
1,I love Kind bars, but this one was too sweet.
1,I thought it would be nice to have a change of the tuna and salmon cans I take to the office for lunch, but this doesn't do it. I bought a 4-pack and opened them all within a week, just to use them up. Too mushy, mouth feel isn't solid enough. Maybe I was expecting too much. Convenient, of course, and organic is important.  I still like the concept.
1,I had a subscription for a couple of years. The price kept climbing while the quality became inconsistent. Over the past few months, certain lot numbers were funky tasting! I don't know how else to describe it. (Imagine a contorted face.)  I cancelled my subscription and asked for a return. Just outrageous, at that price, to be selling funky stuff that does only-God-knows-what when you choke it down. I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 since it was fine for a while, but I'm done. I'm so done I'm not buying anything Navitas, for a while, at least.
1,Our family loves BBQ on almost everything we make but this just did not do it for us. My wife and I could eat a piece but we were definitely not going back for more. My one son who loves BBQ took a couple of bits and spit it out.		It was the sauce-we just did not like the Korean BBQ flavor.
1,not as wonderful as hoped for
1,This smelled like it was made with roadkill.  I know most packaged chicken broths aren't very good (so many taste mostly of nutritional yeast), but  they are mainly weak and disappointing.  This smelled really bad.  Like chicken that has been in the garbage a few days.
1,Tiny,not even an inch tall for some of them, I got 5. The worse problem is I am replacing some that expired 2 years ago in my since cabinetc, they still smell like cinnamon, these barely smell at all, not a good sign.
1,Tried making a pie with this but the chemicals were overpowering. You really need to get the real stuff by growing it or getting it frozen.
1,I wish I would have purchased just one and tasted it before I bought six.  This product is not good.  The noodles have a weird texture and the flavors are not tasty.
1,I like Couscous and I like lentil soup. Must have been some seasoning in this combination that I didn't like. I just couldn't get it down. My husband was able to eat it, but wasn't very fond of it either.  He thought it was very bland.
1,Awful. No taste of sage at all. Looks like lawn clippings. Ruined my Thanksgiving stuffing. Disappointing.
1,These walnuts arrived rancid... with that bitter/dirt taste walnuts give the tongue. I had served a third of the bag before we realized and I couldn't return the bag... bummed. I'll go back buying walnuts at the grocery store. They're priced much higher, but most likely eatable.
1,Although I did recieve an assorment of stash teas to try as I had hoped, without any unwanted duplications, there were only 117 tea bags in the box, when I paid for 120.  Ill be happy to update my review if this is rectified but as it is, buyer beware, you may not get all the tea bags you have paid for when you order this assortment, other reviews have noted shortages as well.
1,It's hard to find mayonnaise that is not made with soy or canola oil and in addition-no added sugar or sweetener. This brand came up a few times in searches so I tried it. NO THANKS!		This mayo is so thick it's like putty. I ordered it during temperate weather, so it wasn't solidified from the cold. It's just a heavy glop that is almost impossible to get out of the jar, and once it IS out, well, good luck incorporating it into a salad or dish. It's difficult to work with. One of the reviews here says "tastes like old avocados" and I think that is an apt description. I've made my own mayo from scratch in the past with both olive oil and grapeseed oil. It was never the taste or the consistency of this one. This is just a very unpleasant condiment on all fronts. I finally thinned this out in a blender with water and lemon juice but it still retains an unpleasant taste from the oil. I have also cooked with avocado oil, and while it is not my favorite oil to use, it does not taste as unsavory as whatever is in this mayo.
1,These taste like Splenda and are WAY too sweet.
1,This has a strange flavor.  It would be better without the added vanilla beans (somehow, they don't work together).
1,Not happy.  Cake very-very dry.  Can not be very fresh with the pound cake being so dry.  Sell By date is 2 weeks away (24 Jan 15). Warming them up does not help.  Believe these have been stored a long time/shelf time too long. I've had Drakes Coffee Cakes before and these that I bought are not nearly as good as they should be.  Not happy with purchase from seller.
1,First false advertising it arrived in a box not container pictured.  I purchased for two reasons: (1) container (2) individually wrapped.
1,Taste is always subjective. I had hope for this but flavor tasted very artificial. Ended up tossing the bag. Coffee Masters Caramel Kiss will continue to be my favorite.
1,I sent these an addition to another large gift I sent to my mother.. I sent them early so they would be open by Mothers Day..They advertise they are shipping in BUD FORM.  Well they are fully open and one flower broken off the stem. ;(  My mother doesn't ever complain about anything I send her, it was her friend who texted me moments ago telling me that they were fully open and not in bud form.. if i had known, I would have sent this later..  I'm embarrassed quite frankly.  I generally use ProFlowers.. Thought anything Amazon, would as always, be great..
1,I love St. Dalfour brand ready-to-serve, but not this one. Almost want to throw up when I eat it. The salmon pasta and three beans are highly recommended on the hand.
1,Does not taste like a bagel!
1,Item was opened, not suitable for consumption
1,FYI.  Good Earth made the horrible decision to stop making the non-organic version of Sweet and Spicy Tea according to their Customer Service.  This may explain why the tea has an off taste lately.  Bad taste could be either end of production run issues or stale tea.  This inquiry was made to Good Earth on 20Apr17.
1,This product can cause intestinal gas and diarrhea in some people per info from WebMD. It took a while for me to pin it down with 100% accuracy but it seems I am one of the ones they talked about. If you are like me the only use for this product is for a enema clean out, So I learned the hard way but for many it is a good product and it is not their fault I am sensitive to it so I will not ask for a return.
1,I do not like abnormally large pieces of meat.  If I had known, I would never have purchased.
1,"Chili"?  Really?  It's pretty bad when chow hall chili, which is generally made bland so everyone can eat it, is better.  There's so little chili powder, cumin, or other seasonings in this, it barely qualifies as chili.  Not only that, but it doesn't even have that much in the way of beans, just mostly thickened 'gravy' with tomato sauce.  :-p  I'll stick with Hormel or Stagg, thanks!
1,Not my favorite. Too mushy and bland. I will not purchase again.
1,These did not make me feel well at all; the same with my son. This is a first for almonds. We usually buy Trader Joe's or there was another bulk almond that we bought 2 years ago that were delicious. Too expensive for dried up almonds.
1,I tried this pasta because it was on sale at my local store, I usually buy the discount-priced store brands. And I was willing to excuse the slightly higher price (even with a coupon) on the premise I was eating 'heathy'.		Well, I found out that after eating a dish of this stuff, I felt hungry again by dinner. I have fairly good diet control, so I assumed it was the low-carb construction. Having not eaten a low-carb pasta before, I was theorizing on it's effects.		I then did some independent web research on this suspicion. And other people also had the same experience after having eaten this product. It does not leave you full. This defeats the purpose of eating.		Buying this product at any price was a waste if I was not nourished. I might as well only had been imagining about eating. And considering that I buy pasta to be economically frugal in today's oh-so trying times, this is one brand which won't be cooked up again.
1,Had always wanted to try this stuff and this was the first time I've seen it offered at a reasonable price.  If you like the taste of bubblegum you will probably like this but I'm not a fan.
1,Be very careful gluten intolerant people.  The 4 pound package of Brazil nuts says it was packaged in the same facility as tree nuts and GRAINS.  I tried to call this company but got an answering machine.  Now I must wash these nuts before I eat them...I won't be buying this brand again
1,yuck
1,I bought these at the grocery store just to try them. They are probably the worst k cups ever. The taste is terrible. I tried both the fog chaser and rainforest blend. They both taste awful, like bark and dirt. There is dark brown "sediment" left in the bottom of the cup when you drink this brand. I find that the taste is strong in the dirt department, but highly lacking in the coffee flavor area. I will never buy these again. I like my coffee in the morning, but I actually dread having to use these if there is nothing else available.
1,I was excited about these chips but I found them fairly bland. I don't recommend them due to the lack of distinct flavor!!		RTD
1,Muir Glen cans are lined in plastic and leach Bisphenol A. Too bad because this was a great product and was a standard in my household. My initial conversations with them they contradicted this fact, which to me was misleading. General Mills owns Cascadian Farms as well and now I don't buy there either.	Now we use BioNature in jars or Pomi products in Tetra Pak cartons. All canned tomato products use BPA and so do many of the lids of jars used in food containment.	Now I also just make from scratch which is made simple by chef Andrew Carmellini in Urban Italian. Lydia Bastianich is another favorite chef that deserves mention for simple yet big flavors.	Boil, peel, freeze and store. Can manufacturing companies that I corresponded with said they were working on a solution for later this year or next year.
1,Please stop advertising the wrong information!	Carrington Farms Coconut Oil, 5.05 Pound-- this is exactly what is on the ad. IT IS NOT 5.05 pounds!! BUYER BEWARE!!
1,This is just Awful. I had to stop eating it - the more I ate, the more Gross it became. I soaked it first and then rinsed well and no fishy smell or taste and I even cooked it for two minutes. That is not the issue.		I tried thick - luscious Alfredo Sauce with lots of Garlic Powder and shredded Romano cheese to thicken the Alfredo Sauces sprinkled on it. I ate a big bite of Three Cheese Bread Stick with each bite and I just got sicker to my stomach with each SLIMY BITE, CHEWING and SWALLOW.		I can eat ANYTHING. Raw clams - raw oysters - Caviar - SNAILS right from the shell AND TAPIOCA - but this folks... OMG how gross this is. It simply is not Palatable. It is not a natural feel in your mouth. It is not even close to an OVER COOKED egg noodle.		So they say it is an acquired taste? It wasn't the Taste.  It was the feel!		If you do not like Caviar or raw oysters - DO NOT GET THIS. I love CAVIAR and still this sickened me. I am eating more bread sticks right now to try and settle my stomach. I feel so so sick to my stomach RIGHT NOW and I cringe every time I think of the feel of it in my mouth and the thought I swallowed up half the bowl of it - thinking it would get better.		Something in the brain triggers a "this ain't right and shouldn't be in mouth" response to me. lol How this gets so many GREAT REVIEWS I am just flabbergasted. I think someone is deleting the bad posts.		Now I have to try and sell off 5 Packs of these on eBay to try and regroup probably less than half the money I just blew on this God Awful Slimy Yucky - Horrible excuse called FOOD!	NOTE: I sold them on eBay and lost every penny I paid for them.  What they paid - paid for the shipping.		My last words are the same as above and OMG this is Disgusting!		Do not buy 6. Try one first.
1,Sorry to say, I don't like this powder. It's clumpy, so you cannot 'shake' it over dishes. Has WAAAAY too much salt too.	I have only tried it on popcorn, and didn't like it. I might try making some cheesy dish soon, and if it works out better for that, I'll come back and update my review.
1,My product had no protective seal. The container was able to be open as soon as I got it, and the pull tab that was on it was half-way removed.  Not sure if someone opened it before hand, or if the product is safe to use, so I had to trash it.
1,I order pack of those when is onsales, it was very poor pack the bag almost fall out from the box.  I read good review hope is good, i was wrong, i only able to eat 1 box out 3 box i brought, is just not good period, tasted below average, nothing too special, it does tasted like fry and very oily, very mislead.  I think the contain is not correct is far higher.  I rather eat chips than this !
1,I ordered this because it is one of the few sugar free products I can find in the K-Cups system. I'm sure it is sugar free but it is sickening sweet. I couldn't finish the first cup and gifted the rest. If you like sweet, you'll love this!
1,I'm a big tea drinker & I couldn't stand the taste of this stuff!! It was way too strong. However I did seem to notice a little difference it made me feel a little more clear headed & my stomach felt better. Wish I could tolerate the taste.
1,Does not taste good.
1,I've been buying bionaturae gluten free pasta for quite some time now and it is really good.		I searched Amazon for "bionaturae gluten free pasta." One of the results was 12 ounce bags of gluten free pasta sold in cases of 12. I then noticed that there were additional size options. I changed to this bulk 11 pound bag that was cheaper and bought it. When I got it the bag was unlabeled. I did some checking and found that it isn't gluten free. I now have to get rid of 11 pounds of pasta. That's pretty unacceptable. It really seems to me like different size options for a food product like this really ought to be the same exact food but in different quantities. Gluten free vs not gluten free is a big difference for those who are gluten intolerant. It's lucky for me that I noticed before I ate any. This is a very small, unavoidable thing that has caused a big headache for at least one person.		Is this pasta delicious? Probably; I haven't ever had regular bionaturae penne. Was my experience mostly my fault? Yes; I could have avoided the whole mess if I'd been more careful when making the purchase. Do I do what I want? Why yes...yes I do. 1 star.
1,This dressing was a dud.  It has a bland sour taste that clashed with my broccoli slaw's vegetable flavors.		I normally make homemade slaw dressing, purchased this for convenience.  Half-way through eating his slaw, my husband said "Honey, this is not your homemade dressing, it is not nearly as good."  Neither of us finished our slaw, and in the trash the bottle went.
1,Taste like the old school version, hardly edible.
1,These were NOT ORGANIC as advertised. I only received plain premium seeds for the cost of organic.
1,Not a fan. Its OK for the price but I didn't love it. I find it cheaper at my local store.
1,This item is grossly overpriced.  Amazon's response was that it is from a 3rd party seller, so they have no control over it.  Thanks, but no thanks.  I'll order direct from Keurig or look for a deal elsewhere.
1,I was really excited to get this coffee but found it to be a little bitter and not that great of taste.  Sorry!
1,GROSS TASTING!! Did not taste like bacon, more like chemicals and the smell was even worse. Cute novelty item for bacon lovers, but do no attempt to ingest these.
1,As a lifelong lover of chocolate and regular consumer of 60% and 72% cocoa chocolate bars, I thought it would be a great idea to buy this and use it in homemade recipes. I was surprised with what happened next. I used this cocoa powder in varying amounts in 3 recipes. In the first recipe I baked a cake using a total of 1/2 cup of this cocoa powder. In the second recipe, I baked another cake using 1 cup. In the final recipe, I made 20 granola bars and used a total of 2 tbsp of this cocoa powder.		I ate 1 slice of the first cake and got a headache and neck pain. A few days later, I tried 1/2 slice of the other cake and felt intense pain in my upper body: headache, neck ache, shooting pains in my arms, pain in my shoulders, dizziness, nausea, etc. A few days later, still not having learned my lesson, I made granola bars and ate two of them. I got a headache and mild neck pain.		All the other ingredients I used were normal and never give me any trouble, such as all purpose white flour, eggs, vanilla extract, baking powder, salt, milk. I use these ingredients on a regular basis and never have a problem with them.		To this day I still do not understand why I can eat 60% and 72% cocoa chocolate bars and have no problem at all, while having great difficulty with even a small amount of this cocoa powder. I have calculated the caffeine content, and the caffeine in 1 60% cocoa bar greatly exceeds the amount of caffeine in 1 slice of the cake I baked.		Maybe you know the answer? Either way, this product needs a cautionary label and the manufacturer needs to find out why some people (I'm not the only one) have a bad reaction to this cocoa powder.		In addition to all the above, this cocoa powder did not have the deep, rich chocolatey flavor I was hoping for. It was more bland than I expected.
1,I don't know if I got a bad batch, but this tastes and smells like bubblegum. There is nothing peachy-flavored here at all. I wanted to use this to flavor my kombucha teas for second fermentation, but I guess I will have to try another brand. I was really hoping to make some peach-flavored kombucha. Oh well.
1,I love Van Houtte coffee, and Eclipse is my favorite brew. But I've stopped buying their brand because of the poor quality of their pods They aren't sealed well. When the pressure builds up at the end of the brew, the seal breaks and grounds and water go everywhere... in the Keurig, in the coffee, over the counter. And it is NOT easy to clean all the grounds our of the pod receptacle.		I typically get four or five bad pods out of a box of 24. That's about 20% failure rate, and that's a lot of money wasted. I have had this problem with Van Houtte brands since I started buying them, and if anything I'm having more failures per box over time. And I have not had this problem with any other brand of Keurig pod that I've bought.		 I wrote to Van Houtte and told them about my experience with their brands and that I thought they needed to look into their quality control. I got a form response back asking me to send them the product number, serial number on the box, the date I bought it and the store I bought it from (which was the Keurig site by the way) and they would replace the product. That's nice, but I'm not going to take the time to report every box of their product that I buy. I want to spend my time drinking my coffee, not cleaning up after it and filing problem reports. It's much easier to buy another brand.		So now I have five partial boxes of Van Houtte pods from my last order. I've used about half of all of them and already had three or four bad pods per box. I recently read that coffee grounds make good fertilizer, so maybe I'll open the pods and mix the grounds into my garden soil so it doesn't go completely to waste.
1,These arrived a broken crummy mess
1,you have to add too much sugar to the liquid and that means too many calories for one drink.  not worth it
1,I should've listened to all the other reviews... This stuff honestly tastes pretty bad. I'm not sure why I was hopeful that it would be good. I just wanted something that would taste like pizza. I'm sure the other flavors of this are far better, but I definitely DO NOT recommend this one. So gross.
1,Red Habanero seeds are not easy to find but these didn't grow for me. Pepper seeds do often take a long time to germinate. I am used to that but these did not germinate. Not a single seed.
1,Had high hopes as I don't really like plain water. But this didn't taste good.
1,All of the other flavors in this rub are overpowered by the salt.  I nearly ruined a smoked brisket the only time I used this & threw the rest of it away.  I'll stick to making my own rubs.
1,This is one of my favorite drinks by far! However, I just received yesterday and the drink, which is suppose to be white/clear, is a merky yellow color. I put in fridge and just took a taste and something is horribly wrong with it. Please refund or replace product!!	I would give five stars if came to me correctly!
1,yes they have no sugar added, but I haven't realized they have sulphur dioxide in them:( I do not like them
1,Not good, pricy
1,I love coconut oil but was not happy with extraction process.
1,Taste fake. Not great. Better than no pumpkin. But only slightly.
1,corn syrup , 1st ingredient , they're like gummy bears , not like licorish , at all. I hate corn syrup! seller would not do free returns , said they're not responsable for the listing , on Amazons website.
1,I wouldn't buy this product again.  And it definitely wasn't worth the high price.  Product tastes like liquid artificial sweetener and fake flavor.  Ughhh!
1,Even with many grandchildren around these were hard to get rid of
1,I have ordered this coffee previously and it was good. This time it is terrible. I will never buy it again.
1,We love these truffles. I just received them after waiting many weeks. When they arrived they were all, and I mean all were melted. They were put in a box with popcorn around them. I was very disappointed with the way they shipped them. I think they should be shipped with some ice packs to protect them from melting. I will not order from these people ever again. Hugh mistake in packaging!!!
1,It's like chewing on plastic pieces made of salt... very salty and very hard texture. Website shows 232 mg of sodium per serving but the package says 506 mg - more than twice the amount. Not only inaccurate and misleading but doesn't taste good at all. Not really edible.
1,ordered decaf unflavored sampler--- half were flavored which I hate
1,I have been buying these for years and have stopped. The problem is mold. More than once I have opened a brownie to see mold. I called Glenny's and they did not have the greatest customer service. The lady basically told me that if I do not buy directly from them, I will not get a product that has been stored correctly. I am in the retail food business and that is bunk since I have purchased these from various suppliers. If Glenny's wants to better control their product quality, they need to switch to a partially clear package so the contents can be seen. One other thing, the nutritional label is not correct. The product contains too many grams of sugar compared to the carbohydrate count - that is not possible. I found the chocolate peanut butter brownie can also mold while the best by date on the label is still valid.
1,I purchase kind bars all the time but these tasted stale for some reason.
1,Nasty tasting cookies. They leave an after taste in your mouth. They don't taste anything like cookies. They taste like sweet cardboard.
1,CINNAMON! CINNAMON! SPICE! CINNAMON! (sorta apple maybe if you have a good imagination) CINNAMON!!!		yuck
1,I love butterscotch but this isn't it.  Compared to the old mighty fine the Jell-O products are all pretty second rate but this one is by far the worst.
1,Has the WRONG angle and directs the sticky stream in towards the bottle.
1,These seeds arrived fast and were cheap, BUT they were VERY WASHED. My Wife makes the best poppy seed treats you could imagine, but she needs seed that has not been WASHED or TAMPERED with.		I'm not seeing the description that says "Please wash before using" as in Robert's review, but another Amazon seller was saying the same thing (so I don't doubt it) and likely it's the same company. Amazaon should boot these people from selling this product as unwashed when it's NOT and I guarantee you we'd see the likes of "Natural Exfoliants", "Unwashed(the brand)", "Mister-tea" and even "Toms" back on Amazon selling for CHEAPER prices, as Amazon provides the advertising power. Of course I am in NO WAY blaming Amazon here, as a very loyal Amazon customer - I doubt there is a way to even monitor this, but I'm sure a lot of you get the jist of what I'm saying. I'd much rather buy trusted brands, though I'd prefer to buy through Amazon and I'm sure I speak for others as well.		All I want is NATURAL poppy seed in it's NATURAL form. I've tried THREE sellers with cheap prices and I got exactly what I paid for. The few vendors that did have truly organic/unwashed seed have not been selling on Amazon because of sellers like these and I don't blame them, though NOW the prices are higher from other vendors. If these people would be honest and rate this seed a 3-4 out of 10, that would be fine, but saying they are unwashed when they clearly are is just WRONG and scared the seller away with real unwashed seed, that would otherwise be selling on Amazon for LESS money, as the nature of competition on Amazon is a consumer's best friend.		Long story short: So my wife has purchased "unwashed seed" from THREE sellers on here only to find it was WASHED - after I paid of course!
1,There is good and bad about this product. The good is that it is a quick breakfast on the go. That's where the good ends! Everything else is bad bad bad!! Nutritionally, you're better off eating a 4 pack of Oreo cookies. There is 9 grams of sugar in belVita cookies. The terrible marketing ploy Nabisco uses suggest that the biscuits are good for you. How is this even legal? Read the label!!
1,I love regular Peeps, but these artificial vanilla Peeps are nasty.  I would never buy them again. I'm not sure what the manufacturer was thinking or if they offered this to test groups.
1,Terrible tasting - at least I thought so. NOT a good substitute for peanut butter - but with the health concerns with peanuts - I gave it a try. I think if you have a mixer like a Ninja or Vitamix you can make your own if you get the right peanuts. This stuff is just terrible, and not good for you. Not to mention it is expensive.
1,They added sugar and food dye to the dried fruit. I thought I was just getting dried fruit instead it is more like candy. Yuck
1,Not to good.
1,waste.
1,They were ok but not as good as they used to be
1,I gave it away, did not like the texture,hard grains after baking.
1,Never ordering from your new grocery carton again. The box was flimsy, there was no packing slip, the box was too big for the material, the food boxes were crushed and open, the cans (with one exception) were al,dented, some in half, and the order was incomplete. I have ordered many, many items from Amazon over the years, so has my family, and this is the worst service I've ever experienced. And I can't send it back!!!! Terrible.
1,Wasn't too nuts with this one.
1,The product I received was no longer green.  I love this brand and buy it fresh and beautifully green at the store.  Not a good value.
1,2 stars for tasty,  but found at local grocery store for $12.48.
1,I bough those before, and had good ones, but when ordered second time, I got completely different brand, with old  and unpleasant  taste, everything went in a garbage can.
1,Simply put the licorice is no good. I like pomegranate juice, I like the fruit, I even like the smell of it in various perfumes and lip balms. This didn't deliver on the pomegranate promise. A little chewy and tough even for licorice just turns you off. Couple that with the medicinal flavoring and it just doesn't add up.
1,This product was inedible. I realize that it received 3 great reviews and because of them, I ordered this product. It was rancid. I called Amazon.com and received a refund. I cannot tell someone not to order this product but I would suggest you can find a better option at your local stores that carry health bars.
1,I had never tasted coconut water before. I looked on Amazon and it looked like Zico would be a good brand to try. I've heard of the benefits of coconut water, and thought it would taste great. Wrong. It tasted so bad, like it is spoiled or something. I saw someone else describe the taste as spoiled on another post. It's just the grossest taste and I cannot figure out why some people like it. I am going to use the water though, in smoothies, and, I've found if I mix it with a strong juice (like cranberry) it masks the taste.
1,All I can taste is salt.. no butter flavor at all.	... Save your money unless you want expensive yellow salt.
1,I love Frontier spices. Frontier is the only brand of spices I buy and I have a kitchen full of Frontier spices now. This is the first time I have ever been disappointed with a Frontier spice. I don't think these peppercorns have much flavor. Yes they are fresh but they are also so mild you can't taste pepper. I should have sent these back for a refund but I didn't.		I rave about this brand of spices to friends, family, and neighbors. If you haven't tried Frontier brand of spices I highly recommend you try another Frontier product (start with the Korintje cinnamon it's what I did.) Sorry Frontier I just can't recommend these peppercorns.
1,Flavor packets are all dried up and hardened
1,Very disappointed with this bc it's a plastic pail with the oil in a plastic bag, very yucky to stick hand down in bag! I've been scooping it out into a jar so I don't have to do that very often. Will not buy this again.
1,decided I do not care of whole wheat pasta, will stick with original
1,This is not the most horrible tea on earth, but it does taste like the earth.  I am going back to Bigelow despite the higher cost.
1,Cute tin and a fun gag gift.  No pun on the GAG... The candy is gross
1,I've been getting this honey monthly in my subscribe and save orders.  The quality has been decreasing and I'm cancelling to find another brand.  The last two bottles received have been hard and granulated and can't be used without microwaving the honey in the plastic bottle, which I don't like doing for health reasons.
1,I love lifesavers, but these seem to be made differently?  They make my tongue swell up and hurt if I eat more than one.  Lifesavers has NEVER affected me this way before.
1,Too sweet for me.
1,Inaccurate website/false descriptions are becoming pretty frustrating on Amazon. This said suitable for vegans so I ordered them. I just received them yesterday and there is gelatin in them! That is not vegan!
1,awful taste..
1,This is my favorite creamer at work to use when I make coffee
1,I am using the Keurig 2.0 and it will only accept Keurig product.  I ended up using a plastic refillable cup (Eco4Cup 2.0) to produce the desired product. A disclaimer will save others some anguish.
1,Smells like skunks and tastes even worse! Well, that's what I think about it but my girlfriend loves it so she orders it on a regular basis! The boxes are too small and a 24 count size would be very nice (according to my girlfriend). If she leaves me over this review I guess there won't be any more in this household! Talk about ambivalence!
1,2nd ingredient is salt to..no good..wanted pure sumac
1,Yuck! The banana split flavor tastes like sewage. I thought maybe my taste buds were off but my roommate tried one & agreed with me. The first few I ate tasted good like a banana milkshake. I'm stuck with 23 lollipops but no worries, Halloween is around the corner & i'll leave them in hallway.	They do take about an hour to lick from start to finish & no sharp pieces & they don't break. The strawberry- banana ones I ordered taste great. I want the grape, but most reviews said they arrived broken. Probably because they are transparent. My order sat in "preparing to ship" mode for 5 days!, but somehow got here in 2 days once it shipped. Happy Halloween everyone!
1,I have loved ketchup flavored potato chips since I was a kid and spent my summers at my grandparents in Canada. This is a very popular flavor there and seems to be always available. I recently got back from a trip to Montreal, where I ate at least a pack a day. I decided I really wanted some around and was happy when I found these on Amazon. Unfortunately, the flavor is nowhere close to the brands I've tried before. There's a sort of smoky, barbeque sauce thing going on. Not that they're as good as BBQ potato chips (which I love), they just don't taste like ketchup. I tried to get through a bag over a couple of weeks to see if they would grow on me, then just threw them all out. Yuck!
1,gives me pimples, but feels good for the body. Also I was taking it at night before bed as it made me very sleepy. Can't take it anymore because of the pimples side effect :(
1,I thought it was an aberration the first time but each one of the 12 packs has a sand-like/dirt-like grit when I chew it.  So disgusting!!!  Their quality standards must be really sloppy for this to happen.  Here's a tip, guys - in the least, hire a taste tester.  To add to the gross factor, one in four bites contains bits of bone and gristle.  Because these beef sticks are thin and long, the ratio of outer casing to inner meat is very high, hence the dryness and overwhelming amount of casing. Unlike beef jerky that use unground pieces of meat, these sticks are like long, skinny SAUSAGES AKA they likely contain the cheapest scraps of the cow that are left over after the good parts are sold.  There's a lot of fat/gristle in these (1 serving has 17% Daily Value of saturated fat). And when I compare the price per gram, it's actually cheaper/about the same for me to just buy organic beef jerky which has whole strips of beef/no mystery meat, is much less fatty, and is actually enjoyable to eat.  Never buying these low quality sticks again, esp. given the $3.17 price (excluding tax) per serving that, compared to the price/gram of the organic beef jerky I buy (which contains much, much more expensive cuts of meat), is highway robbery.  Unless you like dirt, bone, gristle, tons of casing, mystery meat, and being ripped off, I do not recommend these.
1,First one delivered and left on the doorstep in 90F degree weather! Second one received to replace first one and it tasted like old tires! Not the BP I am used to I'm sorry to say!
1,The flower arrived as it should,but in a month,although my sister done everything that it was to do by the book,the flower faded away and now is lost! I really don t think that a flower should resist only a month!
1,If you are used to real espresso, even Starbucks espresso, then you will likely find this unpalatable.  It is extremely bitter with horrible aftertaste.  I tried various dilutions and there is no hope.		Now a lot of people use it as a flavoring agent in cooking and so forth and it is probably quite adequate for that.  But as a straight shot of espresso, H@!! NO!		That is just my opinion as a daily espresso (high end) drinker.  Your mileage may vary...  After all, it is just an instant powder, but I would prefer a stovetop espresso maker with Yuban over this.
1,My first gluten free bread and I hated it.  Couldn't gag it down.  Slimy plus a sort of medicinal wang to it, reminiscent of rye perhaps.  I hate to leave negative reviews, but I disliked this so much I had to- I ended up feeding it to the birds outside.  For reference I used to buy Dave's good seed bread.  Also, I didn't try toasting it- wanted it for sandwiches- pb&j, egg salad, turkey.  Have since tried Canyon Bakehouse Mountain White gluten-free (at Albertson's in the frozen section), which I love- hope it comes to Fresh.
1,I purchased "Lemon/Lime" & "Tropical" and I disliked both flavors. I was looking forward to a refreshing natural fruit flavor but I thought that my water & seltzer water was more refreshing without Flavrz.		Unfortunately, this product cannot be returned and I threw both cartons away which was not inexpensive.  However, I knew that I would never use Flavrz in my water or selter water and none of my family or friends wanted them after tasting.  If you are interested in trying this product, I recommend that you find a local supplier and initially just buy a few packets.
1,Shame on Amy... artificial
1,This is just okay, and nothing more. There is way less of the jelly part than it shows on the package, and the granola part has a weird taste and weird texture to it. The breading is extremely thick, too.
1,These were stale when arrived - I've had others that were very tasty - these had a funny taste.
1,Over roasted.  If you like Starbuck espresso, but it isn't dark enough for you then this is your brew.
1,Go to Torani.com and save 50% on their website. Good taste though
1,90 percent of pretzils broken (possibly more I haven't open) when I say broken I don't mean in half or even thirds almost crumbs.  Its almost as if they were broken intentionally.  I have ordered this item before, so I have a reference to go by.  However, I will not be purchasing in future. They do have a disclaimer referencing to breakage, but when the pretzels are broken into 1/16 th of proper size, my opinon is the advertisement is misleading and less than truthful to its customers.
1,Way too expensive with taxes and shipping. Good product, not imported, guest loved it. Had to sell the camper tho! LOL
1,Ripoff!
1,didnt like at all
1,People, this is made with truvia...look it up. It is NOT stevia, it is not natural since it gets cooked and chemicals are added. GMO!!!
1,Not as much as i expected. Skittles seemed on the older side
1,The nuts were not fresh and were somewhat rancid.
1,I was so looking forward to trying these but it arrived with corrosion all over the top. I can only assume it leaked and the salt reacted with the metal. I had to toss it. :(
1,guess I didn't read it well.. as it was ALL flavored coffee.. lot of them didn't like.. but that isn't the co. fault.  not a big fan of flavored coffee
1,I received my order almost completely ruined! Four out of six tubs were exploded open and all of them were covered in Fluff! I had better luck ordering directly from the manufacturing company (Durkee).
1,Don't count on getting what is pictured!!!  12 of the 30 I received were medium or light roast!!!  VERY DISAPPOINTED. I like dark, bold coffee and this was a stop gap measure to get me through moving in two weeks... without buying over 100 pods as is my typical order from Keurig. I supplement thought Amazon on certain kinds of K Cups.  THIS APPEARS to be broken box cups that are repacked into this assorted box... which would have been PERFECT if it actually was Extra Bold coffees!!!!
1,Much of the candy purchased for Halloween had previously been melted and was misshapen and had that white-ish look on the chocolate.  Disappointed in the quality.
1,I used to love it -- just like sugar. Not sure what happened, but a couple of years ago it changed and now leaves a cool minty aftertaste. I thought only Erythritol did that. Very disappointed, but I want sweet, not mint.
1,We bought all the Coffee People coffees and we found this to be the best.  Jet Fuel is too bitter, but strong.  Wake Up Is strong, but not bitter.  Just right		When I originally bought in Nov. 2010 it was $21 per 50 kups
1,I wanted a thin ginger snap because the ones at my grocery store are thicker and hard. I have to get soft before eating them. I ordered these but when I opened the package and ate the broken ones I couldn't tell that they were even ginger at all. I couldn't even tell you what they taste like other than generic blah. I wish that I had read the reviews first. What a waste of money.
1,Had a bad odor just like it was soaked in something!  Didn't use it and was a waste of money.
1,Received a BAD batch. Product stunk- was rancid and old. Bought some last year and it was good, but something has happened to make this stuff horrible.
1,Not for me.. lol
1,Haven't used this yet......I'm doing the 30 Day Green Smoothie Challenge, and it calls for this; will do a review later.
1,I was thrilled by the potential of these sticks, but had a problem with the slightly gritty texture - couldn't make it past half of one stick.
1,Short and Sweet:  this beef jerky is quite sweet, compared to commercial jerky.  In a one ounce portion, there are seven (7) grams of carbohydrates.  For those on a low-carb diet, that is a significant amount.		I notice that in the more "natural" jerkies, they tend to use more sugar.  Perhaps it helps the texture and make the jerky a little less likely to dry out.		It does show this on the label, which Amazon makes available, so don't make the same mistake I did and buy impulsively.		If you are trying to find a beef jerky without preservatives, and from animals raised without antibiotics, etc, then this product is acceptable, if a little sweet.  But if you are on a high protein diet, avoiding carbohydrates, then beware.
1,Sor taste like there is vinegar added, plain didn't have it
1,Stale Oreo imitations covered in cheap waxy chocolate... tossed them. Must be the box and ribbon they're charging for.
1,Purchased late December 2007; expiration date is March 2008.  I phoned the manufacturer and was told that this product has a shelf life of one year and must have been on the shelf for nine months already.  Why does Amazon sell stale products?  I complained to Amazon about this and was offered only a partial refund.  I wouldn't have bought an entire case if I had known it had only three months left before it expired.
1,We had a can of this and I tried to eat it today. I couldn't, I got 3 bites in the vegetables were unpleasant enough but one bite of the meat and it tasted like what I am assuming cat food pate tastes like and I just couldn't finish the can. The dogs liked it though.
1,First, I want to point out that this has 12 carbs per tablespoon. That 192 per cup!  Now, I'm diabetic, people say that this food does not have the glycemic impact. I'm telling you  that it DOES. Not as much as sugar.  So here's the truth. For every normal carb you eat, your blood glucose increases 1 point. Very simple. I'm on a ketogenic diet, as it is great for diabetes as well as weight loss.  I ate ONE piece of sugarfree cake made with sugarfree icing. Less than 200 calories. But the CARBS from the erythritol caused my glucose to jump from 92 to 134 in less than 45 minutes. That is NOT acceptable.	So, not diabetic friendly.	It has a strange, weird after taste like that cool mint sugar free gum, which is really weird in your coffee	It gives you diarrhea, and I am not kidding. They should market it as a laxative	Last, it isn't as sweet as sugar. Imagine the sweetness in one CUP of saccharine or splenda or stevia. One cup of erythritol is LESS sweet than an equal amount of sugar, so that makes this stuff Freakin' Expensive! I mean, there's a pound and a half in this bag. That's it.
1,Terrible taste and quality. Not returnable so a huge waste of money.
1,It doesn't taste like tiramisu and it's not that great
1,My husband has been using this daily for years, recently the last tub I purchased tasted and smelled sour, extremely gross and could not finish. We complained to the customer service of the manufacturer, they were super nice and immediately replaced it. Only problem is the one they sent has a slight sour taste. I think they changed something lately, after reading other posts indicating a bad taste.	Too bad, it is a nice product that mixes amazingly. He travels a lot and really liked taking his morning protein with along and just mixing with cup and spoon.
1,This is IMITATION Miso Soup - and a horrible imitation at that.	It contains MSG amongst other garbage ingredients.	Tastes nothing like real miso soup.		There are much healthier and tastier choices such as:		Edward & Son "Miso-Cup Japanese Style" Natural Instant Miso Soup.	http://www.amazon.com/Miso-Cup-Japanese-Restaurant-Style-2-9-Ounce/dp/B00113WU0S/ref=sr_1_3_a_it?ie=UTF8&qid=1458315709&sr=8-3&keywords=edward+%26+Son+miso+cup		Edward & Son Reduced Sodium Miso Soup	http://www.amazon.com/Miso-Cup-Reduced-Single-Serve-Envelopes-4-Count/dp/B000F4GP96/ref=sr_1_2_a_it?ie=UTF8&qid=1458315709&sr=8-2&keywords=edward+%26+Son+miso+cup
1,Disgusting. Horrible taste. Sadly I didn't return it for my money back, so now I'm just out the money. I am not sure how so many people said it tastes good. My question is: in comparison to what?
1,There was not an iota of chocolate flavor in these even though I could see little chocolate chips in them.  The only flavors I could discern were salt and a hint of peanut.  Not good for something labeled "dark chocolate."
1,Economic pack, open arabica , taste good ! Happy so far.		Except one or two	You really want to throw them in trash
1,I thought that this would be really great popcorn.  Well, I was wrong.  Its no better than Orville's popcorn corn kernels. The kernels are red, but that is about all the uniqueness to it.  Otherwise, the results of popping are small pieces of popcorn that are really dry and bland tasting.  I will stick with my grocery store popcorn,
1,I read positive reviews on how this helped the tast of popcorn and was better for you...it's not to my taste. I won't order again.
1,these were not as good as the nut bars I usually purchase.	I will stick to the protein nut bars.  they are much better.	I will stick to the protein nut bars.  they are much better.	I will stick to the protein nut bars.  they are much better.	I will stick to the protein nut bars.  they are much better.		xxxxxxx
1,1/2 price on website and more flavors.
1,Didnt like the flavors.  Also, The coffee grinds leaked out of each of them in my keurig and made a mess.
1,Opened and ruined by leaking Clorox in same shipment.
1,Very lightly salted - that should in product name not description, I would also add lightly roasted. Frankly they have almost no taste. Could be good for squirrels as someone revealed, but I do not have one.
1,I have a variety of matcha and this one isn't even in the top five. I have prepared it in several different ways and its just not 'my cup of tea'. The amount of product you get does match the price - so not worth it in my opinion.
1,its ok
1,I thought these tasted terrible. Very teeny tiny seeds and the taste is atrocious.  I don't understand how they are so highly rated. I will be donating them to the local Senior Citizen Center. Maybe since they are really old people their taste buds aren't as good and they will eat and like them.
1,What happened?  I have used this stevia for years and have always been pleased.  This last container is different; once added to my food or drink, the sweetness seems to dissipate and I need to add more.  I'm going through this much faster than my previous containers.  I had some left in an old container and used it; it remained sweet.  Something has changed, and from the reviews I'm not the only one who has noticed this.  I will need to search for a new stevia product now, disappointing!
1,Absolutely disgusting, I bought three of that and now don't have a clue of what to do with it
1,Very hard to crack with my teeth, way too much salt.
1,These chips aren't horrible but also not good. It is pretty dry so its better if you dip it in something. The chips in most of my bags were also crushed into little pieces, so that was annoying. I think for the same carb count, you can eat baked potato chips that tastes better instead. Its also quite salty for some reason.		If you really do want to try, I suggest dipping it in guac, it makes it taste better when you're on the go and haven't eaten yet.
1,The coffee didn't taste as good as what I was used to. Used it for a day or two, then packed it up and sent it to a friend.
1,This came in a different package than the above. (I've ordered it before).  Since it came in a mylar bag I'm concerned I bought the real thing!
1,I was expecting something with much more flavor given the product description and the many stellar reviews, but this is the worst coffee I've tried since I signed up for the Gevalia club.  Even at Amazon's current significantly reduced price, this simply isn't worth it.
1,Bought 3 of these and everyone of them had almost all cashews and almonds. In each container I found approximately 5 pecan halves or pieces, 8 pistachios, 6 Brazil nuts, and the rest were cashews and almonds. I find nothing "Deluxe" with this mixture. Very disappointed with Planters. Generally all Planter items I have bought have been satisfactory!		Ron
1,Great idea but tastes like straight baking soda. Bitter
1,Not my favorite peanut brittle.
1,I love anything pumpkin so when I saw this in the store, I had to try it.  Although it smells pumpkin-y and spicy, the taste is quite bland and the texture is strange.  I love Jell-O instant pudding so it is not an issue with other flavors; it is just the pumpkin spice flavor.  I tried adding some of my own spices (nutmeg and cinnamon and a pinch of cloves) but nothing helped.  I gave this two stars as, like other Jell-O instants, it is very easy to make and sets quickly.  However, In terms of taste and texture, something is just a bit off, and I would rather mix up a batch of pumpkin pie filling and cook it in cups.
1,These are not good! We made them several ways and the texture is ok but they have a funny aftertaste. They are not returnable and we found them cheaper at an Asian market.
1,The word, 'sugarless', implies non-sweetened. Most Americans prefer unsweetened chai (see scene in India in Monsoon Wedding where American-Indian man goes home to India and orders chai without sugar -- the cafe owner says, 'Ah, you go to America and now prefer unsweetened chai!')		On line (Buzzers) I encountered many many comments on Splenda (Sucralose) which evokes anything from aches and pains (when used regularly) to violent vomiting in one person and not recovering for weeks -- Sucralose had been hidden in a martini.		I just ordered six quarts of Oregon 'unsweetened' chai, which IS NOT described as actually sweetened with SUCRALOSE, and will have to send it back. I don't like sweetened chai and, in addition,  there were two quarts which were discolored in their corners indicating leakage.		This chai is not only mislabeled but is apparently possibly dangerous. I wouldn't put it into my body.
1,I do not like it, that simple.	the chips are a lot better
1,The stars are really tiny....smaller than I've anticipated.  Also, as one of the other reviewers stated the ingredients safety to consume are questionable. Will not buy again.
1,Yuk
1,Also contains apple juice. They need to relabel this.
1,I have made several passes at cooking, different times etc. results are terrible. Tastes like paper mache!  Sorry that I ordered a case. Fettuccine is fine, haven't tried spaghetti yet.
1,Tried to thicken salmon cakes. Made them inedible.
1,Tastes fishy and gross
1,I think I ordered it by mistake and threw it out.
1,I used to eat tahini all the time when I lived in Cyprus. This tahini is super bitter, completely liquid, I have never seen that before :-((((
1,The brown rice vermicelli may be fine for specific uses but not for the general use we had in mind.  It simply does not fit in with our meal types.
1,Not sure why people rave about this stuff.  When I think of chili, I think hearty stuff you need a big bowl and big spoon to eat.		This stuff, tasted decent but has the consistency of runny dog poo (first thing I thought of when I opened the can).  Reading online I would have thought this was manna from heaven but the two cans I tried were thin, watery and you could drink it with a straw.  Hardly any meat in it and just a total disappointment.		not sure if its true or not but reading online, lately folks are claiming that its been watered down something terrible and I believe them. If this is texas chili, come up to Minnesota and we'll show you how its done, this is terrible.
1,I ordered Newman keurig vue coffee cups and got Starbuck's house blend. It's ok, but it's not what I ordered.
1,Perhaps I'm a purist, perhaps a snob, or maybe I'm just set in my ways. In either event the addition of jalape&ntilde;o to these beautiful brislings seems criminal to me. I like spicy foos but I do not like spicy sardines. It's just that simple. I tried these because they were materially less expensive than the traditional King Oscar brislings in EVOO.  I won't be ordering this hot/spicy jalape&ntilde;o version again. There may be disagreement with me on this and that's fine. There's no right or wrong here it's simply a matte of personal preference.
1,Don't get me wrong... I love Xylitol... I use it everyday. However, I am not trying to consume another corn sugar when I use this kind of sweetener. If you are looking for a Xylitol Sweetener made out of birch, I would recommend&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Emerald-Forest-Xylitol-Sweetener-32-Ounce-Containers-Pack-of-2/dp/B001EO5T52/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Emerald Forest Xylitol Sweetener, 32 Ounce Containers (Pack of 2)</a>.
1,All spice drops were lacking a good flavor did not like any one of them
1,i thought i was ordering a Macadenia Nut tea which has a delicious buttery flavor	This was more coconut and i couldn't taste the mac nut at all.
1,Not for me. Yuck!
1,I have to add my review of this product and agree with others that are disappointed in the pancakes it makes.  Totally tasteless, too thick, pasty and just plain "awful".  I bought this item in a 4 pk bulk and they are all going in the trash.  I will go back to Bisquick.
1,Very disappointing.  Olives were so soft and mushy, had absolutly no texture to them at all.
1,They are fine if you really like chocolate flavored coffee, all other flavor were nothing to write home about.  I won't buy again.
1,Was disappointed in the flavor of this coffee.
1,No thank you.  I used these tonight for supper and not only did I hate them, but so did my husband.  In fact he hasn't felt well and keeps refluxing them.
1,Definitely regret getting more than one package, but not available in store I shop at (just a sign advertising them).  The peanut butter flavor is OK, but the texture and mouthfeel are kind of waxy.  I'm sure I can pass them off on someone but always feel badly giving away stuff I don't like.  Lesson learned.
1,Hmmm...  i was disappointing in this one.  it doesn't taste like bacon at all.  it taste like smoked over salted chips to me. heck the easy cheese with bacon taste better than this!  i love pringles  but this flavor needs some work.  i don't know, maybe actually use some bacon grease next time instead of artificial ingredients.  food doesn't need to be a science XD
1,This juice was rotten. I had to throw it all away. It was close to expired and had a rancid chemical taste. Definitely not the Tropicana I'm use to buying.
1,Very disappointed. Tasted old. Very hard. I had these before and they were nothing like this.  Will not buy again.
1,Mostly peanuts better off buying them separate.
1,This was leaking. The top was loose. Even by it being loose, it still shouldve been a safety tab over the opening. I poured it out. Thats very unsafe!
1,Blue Apron sent 2 of these bars as samples and they were delicious.  I ordered a box off of amazon and the ones that came were so stale they hurt my teeth to chew them!
1,No taste and they're from China!!!
1,a good portion of these pods don't work they are either empty or kind of blow up so cheaper is not always better
1,I decided to try something different, been using the MetRx Pancake mix which is tasty but I wanted more protein. Well, you certainly get more protein but the taste is awful, like eating one of those dry tasting protein bars. It was dry and a "wish I didn't buy this" feeling.
1,I have purchased at least 4 separate occasions always very old not fresh
1,Horrible after taste
1,Soggy
1,Obscenely salted.  I was going to toss it, but I will keep it for next winter to use as an ice melter.
1,UPDATE: My laudatory review below is withdrawn!  A price hike of $4.00 is ridiculous and amounts to outright robbery!  From $5 to $8.98 is an outrage!	  One pack of gum at the grocery store is $1.25.  At Target, a pack of 3 is $2.25.  Here it cost a little over $5.00 for 18!!!  That's quite a savings and a $17.00 savings from the supermarket price!! Unbelievable!!!  It's over a $12.00 savings over the Target price!!!  At first, this was astounding but I have come to accept the reality of this.  The gum is fresh and tasty and as good as when I pay full price!  I stocked up over the past month or so and figure I have saved nearly $260.00!!  I do, however, have a lot of chewing to do.  But I'm not complaining!
1,I personally did not like the taste.  It tasted bitter and bland to me at the same time.  I tried adding a spoonful of sugar and a little salt, and that didn't help.
1,My expectations were high for this product because it is made by Horizon and it is organic. My kids disliked their sandwiches during school lunch. They said the cheese melted and was yucky. The flavor is not very good either. Since we had some slices left over I decided to try it. I made a sandwich and ate it. The taste of the cheese is mediocre. I was unable to replicate the cheese melting issue, probably because I ate my sandwich right away. I can understand how the cheese would melt in their lunch box. The cheese is very rubberly to the touch. Then I realized, this is not organic cheese, but organic cheese product! Why charge such a high price point then? Thanks Horizon for using the USDA Organic stamp to produce and sell this junkie product. Kind of makes me rethink everything I buy that is Horizon. Would rather be eating real American cheese, that is made from colby and cheddar.
1,This brand and style of coffee is great. No, really. Organic, fair trade, eco-friendly. It's a conscious person's wet dream. The problem is that by the time you get the coffee, it's past it's prime. From the time of original roast, you have about 2 weeks before the coffee starts deteriorating. By the time I got it, it tasted like it had been stale for about a month. I consume 12 ounces over the course of 4 months or so. I'm at the 3 month mark right now. It's still better than office coffee but I'm dying here. It's pretty bland.		If you see this brand at the store, buy it. Ordering it online? Don't. It's not like canned food. It will not keep in the warehouse to delivery.
1,I bought a case of this and was startled to find it seems to be already watered down to serving consistency.  i like to use cream of mushroom in recipes and this is just to thin
1,Nice packaging for food on the go. The flavor is good and I enjoy the grass fed beef and Paleo diet compatibility, but these are too dry for my liking.  Sometimes bites are too hard to even swallow as dry as they are.
1,GROSS		Open one ... it was bad .. threw it out.  Assumed it was spoild or old .... so open A 2nd same ... This stuff is GROSS
1,Arrived in an unsealed plastic container, very little aroma  (which could be a blessing but indicates lack of freshness). It  has wheat in  it (Ishould have read the very small print. )
1,I did not like this soup,  did not taste anything like vegetable soup (vegetarian or not), I tried adding some spices and hooped it would help.  Nothing has.  If anyone can help me with the taste, your voices would be vey welcome.
1,meh. I think when i tried it at the hairdressers they put a ton of sugar in it, as i cant seem to make it taste as good at home!
1,Not quite what I was expecting. I'm used New Orleans style pralines (creamy and soft). This is the complete opposite. In fact they are extremely hard. I'll pass them to someone else.
1,I love most of the Katz products but this wasn't a good one. All the seeds fall off and the bagels are extremely dry.
1,I thought that the fruit punch would taste like traditional Gatorade fruit punch. It doesn't, the flavor is flat. I am bummed that I didn't buy a single bottle locally before buying a whole case. My family isn't a fan of the the other two flavors either. I'll be taking these to the office and/or down to the local charity. We won't drink them.
1,$13.88 for 20 oz.	DO THE MATH!  It's NOT .43 per oz. as advertised.	It's .69 per oz. !	KNOCK IT OFF AMAZON...this kind of deceit is getting OLD!		The crackers are great, but, shop carefully people!
1,Okay, yes, I know the brand is Dr. Kracker and maybe that should have been a clue as to the texture of this product. However, I have had flatbreads made by other companies that were actually the texture of a pita. These are VERY crunchy and don't have a whole lot of flavor.  If you are shopping for a super-healthy cracker, this may be it. If you are looking for a whole grain flatbread with the texture of a pita, keep shopping - this is not it. My next venture for this product is to grind it up and use as bread crumbs on top of broiled tilapia.
1,Not worth it. Its ok, just waaayyyyy overpriced. I also prefer stronger tea. I wish they would have put more tea in the bag. Back to Tetley for me!!
1,Gross don't buy
1,The flavor does not last more than 3 minutes.  Will not buy again.
1,This is the second bag of Lindor Milk Chocolate Truffles that have been extremely disappointing.  Bite in expecting a smooth, creamy center and you'll get an air pocket instead!  The chocolate taste is anemic as well.  There are better truffles out there that can also be purchased at the grocery or drugstore.
1,I have ordered this before and liked it but this time it's terrible.  As its cooking the noodles break down into pieces and then start sticking together into a mush.  Completely unedible.  I tried a second bag from the order...same results.		Amazon to the rescue...they refunded my order.
1,Threw 'em out. Someone who doesn't like kale tried to make these and decided they needed a ton of extra sugar. Seriously gross.		If you're Curt - rebrand them as kale candy and you're fine. Chips should be savory, not sweet.
1,Bottom half was full of mold.
1,I always add cinnamon to my coffee, so this seemed like a good idea.  But ... I just didn't like the flavor.  It was too bitter (even with extra sweetener and milk), and there was a strange "chemical-ish" aftertaste.  I drank one cup each day for three consecutive days hoping that I could convince myself that I liked it ... but I just didn't.  I gave the rest of the cups away.		Of course, taste is very subjective, so other people might really like it.
1,I bought this because of all the good reviews.  Boy, big mistake.  It was a very small size steak for about $8.  I usually buy my steaks from Costco for $8.99 a pound.  This one is bland, no beef taste at all.  It's also very tough.  I put a dry seasoning on it, and a little olive oil.  I pan fry it to medium rare.  I ended up slicing it and eating it as a fajita with lots of guac and salsa to try and cover up the meat.  Don't waste your money.
1,Odd texture and flavor, don't do it .
1,Tastes awful.  Has a sweet aftertaste and it clumps up in liquids.  Not for me.
1,Binds really well, but adds a very distinct and in my book, off-putting taste. I was hoping to use it in a myriad of ways b/c of it's superior thickening power, but have relegated it to trash can filler.
1,Upon inspection of these grapes on delivery, they were dried out. Some were already raisins. We threw the entire bag away. I don't think a traditional grocery store would have had these out...and if they did, I would never in a million purchase them. I wouldn't have even taken them for free.
1,I ws hoping for real lemon flavor, but it was just sugar with a hint of lemon.  Okay for kids, I guess.
1,I purchased this brand because of its price, About $17.00 dollars verses the $38.00 dollars for a competitor brand.	The $38.00 brand to drink is sweet and good to the taste.		When I opened Fruit of the Earth Aloe Vera, (one gallon size) and poured about 2 oz into a stainless steel shot container it smelled like CHLORINE which I tried to drink but because of the smell I could not drink.  (the stainless container was rinsed with RO water).		I gave it to my daughter to try, but she said, "dump it down the drain Dad this is bad".		I would like my money back, I still have the full gallon less 2oz's, I would be happy to return it to the seller!!!
1,I was not impressed with this product. Personally I slide a blender bottle and this items does not blend well. After 15+ minutes of shaking it was still gritty. Not impressed. The flavor was not great either. I mixed it with almond milk and that is the first time almond milk tasted bad. Not too impressed. For the price I am amazed people buy this. 2 weeks of product for $35? I would never buy at that price
1,packs are very small, one bite per package and they lack flavor.
1,I was very disappointed with this popcorn. It was very oily and didn't taste buttery at all. It was also too salty. We ended up throwing it away. The popcorn was fully popped in 2 minutes and each piece was very large and fluffy, and it was crispy. It's too bad that it was ruined by too much oil and poor flavor.		The popcorn bowl was okay and it was a nice alternative to the traditional bag.  The bowl was easy to pull open, however I could not remove it completely and had to use scissors to remove it from the corner.  While the bowl was nice, it didn't make up for the poor contents. This is not something I would buy again.
1,This product is advertised fraudulently.  I bought this pack of 3 on Amazon because I enjoy snacking on plain dry roasted peanuts which, last time I checked, was a standard item that Planters makes.  These are NOT plain.  They are coated in no less than three types of sugar, along with a host of spices and additives.  Thumbs DOWN for Planters by this low-carb dieter.
1,Old tea, no expiration date on package, there is no aroma at all, and this is definitely NOT a jasmine tea. On top of this, beware, you can't return this item!
1,The nutrient profile of this product is good.  But, I have to say, I don't like this flavor.  It's less White Chocolate, more 'Play-Doh'.  But it's okay with banana, cinnamon, or whatever else you can use to cover up the flavor.  The consistency is good, it dissolves well, but next time I will spend the extra $2 and get French Vanilla.
1,awful!  very bitter taste with no body.  even with more water, cream & sugar, the bitter taste is still there.  i thought Starbucks brand would be better.
1,Item delivered did not match the item shown. The Peppermint Tea shown is organic, the tea I received is not organic.
1,I normally love the Brothers All Natural Freeze Dried foods, however 3 out of 3 of my family members who tried the Freeze Dried Potato Crisps found them to be too salty, varying in taste by the chip in one bag to the point of very inconsistent.  I wouldn't buy them again.
1,I've been a vegan for a really long time.  When I org. purchased this product it was an ok alternative to cheese sauce.  Since, they have changed something and it is no longer the product it once was.  Also, there are a lot more vegan options available now so don't waste your money buy buying bulk.  Try a pack from your local health food store first.
1,Was planning to put in a bowl for card playing. They are a melted mess and wouldn't want to be embarrassed. I am in Arizona and it's hot, and for shipping here items they should be cooled.
1,The mixture is a bit too salty for my taste, and most of the pistachios were over the hill.
1,The coffee is not bad (3-star) , but the k-cups drop a pinch of coffee grounds in your brew. It's something different, but not an altogether pleasant experience.
1,Discontinuing "Campbell's Pepper Pot" soup is the primary reason I'm forsaking Campbell's soups entirely.  I used to buy "Campbell's" soup exclusively, but now I'm trying other brands.  Furthermore, I am checking labels of other products to see if their parent company is a "Campbell"  and if it is...I look for another brand to try. Campbell's Pepper Pot, was a soup that I have traveled over a hundred miles to buy, all that they had on hand or could order.  Now, I'm not happy with "Campbell's" and haven't been for over a decade.  Just wish I could say what I really feel.
1,HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED!!! Amazon did NOT listed DANGEROUS preservatives in this product!!! It contains: MSG, polysorbate 80, silicon dioxide, glycol propylene, sodium nitrate!!! My body does not need those toxins, DOES IT YOURS??? Moreover, the product was made in BRAZIL!!! WAS CATTLE FED ANTIBIOTIC AND HORMONE ENRICHED FOODS??? VERY DANGEROUS THING TO CONSUME INTO YOUR BODY!!!
1,These are so incredibly bland. I've bought a TON of water flavors, if it's on Amazon, or in Target or Walmart,  you bet this girl has already purchased them. These taste bad, leaning on having an intense chemical flavor, even when used with a light hand. Even though there is Stevia in it, it really has little to no 'sweetness' to it, and I'm an avid Stevia drinker (in my coffee, tea and stevia-based soda drinks!). They still have a ton of dye in them, even if it's 'natural' - natural dye stains your teeth just as much as the so-called 'bad' kind. Gave them away to my mother who left them in the freebie box at work. I hope some poor souls can enjoy them, because I sure as hell didn't.
1,I bought this, not realizing it has Titanium dioxide in it.	After chewing a lot of it I realize now that it has it and so I looked it up. Below is the info I found.		Now I read in another review comment that someone said that the titanium dioxide in this is NOT POWDER. They  admit that it's carcinogenic - or a possible carcinogen - as a powder, yet think it's okay to chew 500 pieces of gum with this in it??		As far as I'm concerned it's INSANE to put a possible carcinogen like this in chewing gum!	The whole idea of this gum is that I don't have to chew aspartame which is probably a carcinogen.	So now I'm going to eat titanium dioxide instead?	Jheez! the people who make and market this product have to be out of their minds! How DUMB is it to make a "healthier gum" and then put a possible carcinogen in it??		Titanium dioxide has recently been classified by the International Agency for Research on Cancer as an IARC Group 2B carcinogen which is ''possibly carcinogen to humans''. It has been shown that high concentrations of pigment-grade (powdered) and ultrafine titanium dioxide dust caused respiratory tract cancer in rats exposed by inhalation and intratracheal instillation*.		CosmeticsDatabase.com lists titanium dioxide as being linked to cancer, allergies, immunotoxicity and organ system toxicity, among other problems.		This stuff is an ingredient in cosmetics and suntan lotion!	And they want us to CHEW it???		No thanks!
1,I am shocked by the positive reviews for this coffee, it tastes like boring, flavorless coffee you get in a typical American restaurant.  I purchased based on ratings, but it's going back today!
1,I was expecting candy with better texture and less sweet. Also, very few flavors are pleasant. Too sweet, bad texture. Sorry.
1,I fully accept that this may be my own taste bud's fault, but to me it tastes exactly like a blend of cucumbers and sugar-free bubble gum.
1,Way too sweet
1,It seems that all the raspbery candies available are being made by the same poor candy company.  Very little raspberry taste. I've ordered from three different vendors and they all taste the same.
1,Suppose to be gluten free.  Made me fall asleep immediately.  I gave them to my daughter who also has celiacs.  She had terrible cramping or several days.
1,I have tried several recipes with this mix and none of them turn out well. They taste good but everything turns to crumbles. Very dissapointed.
1,I had high hopes for this protein powder, but it tasted sort of chalky to me and I did not find the taste appealing. The small size is nice, but I personally would not order again.
1,Tropicana has gone the way of others in reducing the real juice in their product and adding flavor enhancers hidden under the words "Natural Flavors" which means the additions of a vegetable extract called glutamic acid.  This extract is bad news for your body.  This allows them to add more water and less juice.  Buy another brand. The apple juice flavor is weak at best.
1,Pretty stale and broken up.  Very disappointed in receiving this highly anticipated snack
1,I like many of Gardein's offerings, and wanted to try this, too. They do seem to have a good process for making a meat substitute, but for some reason, they chose to make these meatballs incredibly spicy. Even with no other seasoning whatsoever, served in a tortilla with added cheese to knock it down a bit, the spices are so intense I couldn't finish the meal.		If you do not LOVE spicy, peppery foods, avoid this one.
1,What a rip off I am 73 and the real Mallomars  the white use to be the size of the marshmallow I have no clue what this chemical mash is!		Got a suggestion on Amazon enter Chocolate Covered Marshmallows and check out a good bill of fare.
1,While these nuts are edible, I am most disappointed in them.  Not all of them are crisp and crunchy.  Some of them are soft and chewy.  The taste is not very consistent from nut to nut.  I was expecting more from a Planters product.
1,I ordered two of these thinking it was a 26 oz glass jar. It is not. It is a plastic jar. What I get at the store is in a glass jar. The package had been squeezed and the plastic jar has oil leaking from it. I am reconsidering my grocery orders with Amazon because there is no way to tell Amazon that I don't think I should pay for this. One of the available actions for the product says, "Return or replace items." When I click that the message says, "This item is not eligible for return. Please see our Returns Policy for more information. If you require further assistance, please use the Contact Us button on the Help pages." When I go to the help page and click the Contact Us button, find the order in the "Which order are you contacting us about?" dialog box, click done, I get three options: Track my package, Return or Replace Items, Leave Package/Delivery Feedback. When I click Return or Replace, I get the message ""This item is not eligible for return. Please see our Returns Policy for more information. If you require further assistance, please use the Contact Us button on the Help pages." Thus full circle with no real help. I left package feedback with pictures -- but I don't want to pay for these items. As of now, it looks like I am stuck with $27.66 of Almond butter that might not be safe since the seals are broken.		Summary:	1. These are not glass jars like I get at the store.	2. The package was squeezed and I think that broke the seals and oil has come out of the plastic jars.	3. There is not easy way to report the problem to ask for a refund.	4. This is my first huge disappointment with Amazon and I will reconsider the standing grocery orders that I have with them.
1,I am not sure if these are old or what but I may has well of just flushed my cash.		If I were purchasing these in order to have sticks, that would be fine as it would save me time from gathering them in my yard... but since I actually wanted cinnamon, I am sol.
1,I'm very disappointed. The coffee is weak and tastes burnt and bitter. It is as if they skimped on the amount of coffee and tried to compensate by over roasting. It is not nearly as good as another 80-count discount brand we buy.
1,When it comes to bag tea, Stash and Celestial Seasonings are the brands that I always turn to. However, I am beginning to get very disappointed with Stash because many of these unique flavored teas taste quite artificial, and are just unpalatable. I now know to stay far away from them. I purchased this selection because I absolutely adore their Pumpkin Pie Spice tea. It is one of my favorites from Stash, and I buy it in bulk. I had hoped that their other dessert flavored teas would measure up to it, but I was simply crushed by this selection. The Red Velvet and Black Forrest teas are just plain awful. The Red Velvet tea is so terrible that I felt nauseous after drinking it. It is hard to describe, but to say they taste like artificial, chemically flavored versions of what they are supposed to be would be putting it mildly. I really do think that Stash should just remove these two flavors altogether from their selection. What was surprising for me was the Vanilla Chai, which tastes nothing like Vanilla, nor Chai. Quite frankly, I don't know how to describe this tea, but I do know that I don't like it. This is a shock to me, for if there is one thing Stash knows how to do right, it's a Chai tea. (Nothing compares to their exquisite Holiday Chai flavor!) I now understand why it was not included in their mixed box Chai selection. The Chocolate Hazelnut, with the exception of the Pumpkin Pie Spice of course, is the most successful in getting close to tasting like its inspiration, but doesn't quite emerge altogether from the artificial flavor. It's an ok tea, and I don't hate it like the other three, but I don't like it enough to want to purchase it again. Still, I recommend that one can give it a try. Many reviewers seem to like the tea, and my brother just loves it. I let him have the box. Overall, this is a poor selection from Stash, perhaps their worst.
1,They seemed to be stale or sat in the heat too long. Some boxes were just a solid block.
1,Arrived well packed but with broken gingerbread.  Annoying that I have to return it in order to get a credit.  Will not reorder since I found one for 50% off at an after Christmas sale, which I'll put in the freezer for next year.
1,Was hoping this would be as tasty as the tofu-spinach soup but alas, no.  Just too much "smell" of the sea overwhelming the flavor of the broth.  Will not purchase again.
1,Update: 12/12/2017-Our household no longer purchases this rice. We first noticed something was "amiss" with the rice when we ordered 1 case of 12 bowls of rice on November 27, 2017. In that case, 9 of the bowls of rice had a strong paint smell that was not present prior to cooking, once the bowls were microwaved. The smell was intoxicating and nauseating and we were unable to consume the rice. The other 3 bowls of rice in that batch were normal. I called the manufacturer Minsley who seemed completely unconcerned about this situation stated it "can't happen" because there is nothing in the rice that would cause the odor. They offered no compensation nor reimbursement.		We tried a second case from Amazon on December 6, 2017. All 12 bowls of rice had the strong paint smell when you cook them, and again, could not be eaten. While no one in our household was brave enough to try the paint smelling rice bowls, there is no reason why they should stink so badly, as they never have before. I thought maybe this was a fluke, due to a bad batch or improper storage, so I ordered the rice bowls from another online store, as well as purchased 5 locally. All of them had the same paint like smell. Our household has used these rice bowls in large quantities for awhile now, and we've never come across this. I no longer recommend this product.		My original review:	Update 8/29/2017-The consistency is slightly "heavier" with the latest batch of this rice that I received. If you cook it for 90 seconds like the directions say, you end up with thick, wet, slimy rice. Cook it for 2 minutes and it comes out white and fluffy.		Rice lovers take note you can have good rice without learning how to cook rice. I am in LOVE with these rice bowls!		I'm a disaster in the kitchen (that's putting it mildly). I can bake from scratch, know a few recipes by heart, and the rest, you just sort of drown in ketchup or sauce and hope no one notices how bad it is. I have a long history of making bad rice. A recipe calling for 1/3 cups of rice looked like 1+3 as a teenager, and my stepbrother and I burned a $200 pot and then threw it away so our parents wouldn't find out. The rice cookers I've had over the years (3 different brands) all seemed to spew little bits of rice out of the steam vent instead of steam. Even Uncle Ben's looks like mashed cauliflower instead of rice when I get done with it.		Which is why these rice bowls are so AMAZING! Seriously! They are single serve rice bowls that go in the microwave. The bowls are made of #5 plastic and all you have to do is peel the wrapper back to the dotted line, stick it in the microwave, and cook it for 90 seconds. When it comes out, give it a good stir, douse it in Kikkoman's Organic Soy Sauce (my favorite soy sauce on the planet) and you are good to go! It is not the best rice you've ever tasted, but it's the quality you get from Uncle Ben's (when it's cooked properly) and other fast cooking rice brands, without the wait time or the pan to clean.		In our house, this rice has become a staple. We dump frozen broccoli in it, peas, carrots, all sorts of things, to make "gourmet rice" without much effort. My significant other enjoys it with cubed chicken. It's great on a night when everyone is tired, someone's worked late, and no one feels like cooking or cleanup. The ingredients are super simple: Organic Rice, Water, and Glucono-Delta-Lactone. The rice does not come out mushy like other quick cooking rice brands and you can actually eat it right out of the container if you want to. I usually pour mine in a bowl so it doesn't taste like plastic while I eat it, cooking it in the plastic bowl doesn't make it taste that way but eating it sure does. My significant other will eat it straight out of the bowl.		We ordered these rice bowls on Amazon because we don't have a single store in our area that ever has them in stock. Some stores sell them, but they sell out almost immediately after they are stocked because people buy 15-20 of them at a time, and the store tends to only stock 24 at a time. We've been ordering these rice bowls since June of 2014 and we've never had a bad batch. The expiration dates are always really good and the rice is always tasty. It's not mushy, has a slight bit of stickiness to it, and is just about perfect. The quick, easy, and headache free way to have rice for dinner!
1,There is so much salt in this product that the few herbs are overshadowed.  I was hoping to get an herb mix with a bit of salt.  Where can one buy plain powdered herbs?  Very disappointing product that I will not use.  We are using little salt in our house.  This is the most expensive salt you can buy.  If you want the herb flavors, you have to use a lot and then the salt ruins it.
1,what i received looked nothing like this photo. they are tiny and many wetter broken. i won't order again.
1,Yuck!
1,Was nasty tasting my first two tries.  It's sitting in my cabinet now doing nothing.
1,It tastes horrible. Very milky.
1,Probably more than half of the nuts are very over  roasted, or stale. Many are kind of chewy instead of the light semi crisp usual nice texture. Alsp, their flavor is not great. Not sure whst xaused this. But, i will try another brand later
1,Lindt chocolate is the best but unfortunately this pack of twelve were heat damaged.  That is why they had it as a lighni g deal. They were getting rid of damaged product before expiry.
1,Ordered 3 weeks ago.....this is bulls***...
1,horrible after taste.
1,Since 2014, the brands of organic cacao powder I've tried are Viva Naturals, Morning Pep, Fine Naturals, Blue Lily, Super Good for You Foods, and now Navitas. Navitas is by far the worst tasting of them all. As soon as I opened the bag and took a whiff of the contents, I detected a burnt woodsy odor which is also quite prominent when consumed. Although I'm unable to do a side-by-side comparison with Viva Naturals, Morning Pep, Fine Naturals or Blue Lily, I do, however, still have a fresh bag of Super Good for You Foods to compare with. While Super Good for You Foods contains a rich chocolatey aroma, Navitas smells weak and tainted.		BOTTOM LINE: I will not be buying this brand again.
1,I really wanted to like this b/c it has a good amount of protein without being too calorie dense, but this cereal is not good at all. It's horrible. It has a weird aftertaste, and the smell of it is weird too. I want to compare the smell to dry dog or cat food. I'm going back to the drawing board for a good cereal that has a good amount of protein.
1,I am sorry folks but I find these to be a huge setback. First of all there is barely anything in them. 3 1/2 oz is a single tiny gulp just leaving even a small person hungry for more. But what really bugs me is that you now are holding almost an oz of waste in your hand. You can't recycle it. It is mostly apple mush, so now compare this to eating an apple which also packs really well and easy. See what I mean. This is a colossal waste of garbage, energy and your money.
1,Some sellers list a Spiced Ginger Preserves by MacKay's, some list just Ginger Preserves. The idea of ginger preserves adulterated with pumpkin pie spice sounded revolting, so I got this one, just plain ginger preserves. Except that it was spiced anyway. Tasted like pumpkin pie, which I abhor. Should have been labelled properly for those pie lovers!
1,I guess it's a matter of taste. I just didn't care for this tea. I have had other black currant teas that were better.
1,First of all, the oil had leaked all inside the shipping package.  After cleaning the mess, we tried this oil and seriously found it lacking.  I ended up melting stick butter and pouring it over the popcorn.  I'll stick with that or with microwave popcorn with butter flavor.
1,Having never purchased raw honey before, I did not know what to expect. Surprised that it was hard with a white layer of "something" on top as well as a 2 inch white layer strip of the same "something" along the side of the jar, I decided to return it for a refund. After reading the reviews, I also realized that the honey must have been old. Yuk! The return process was easy, so I'm good. Just a little disappointed that they don't check their products and are willing to sell just anything. Thanks for the honest reviews everyone because I would not have known what to expect.
1,god! i was SO EXCITED to receive this, and so upset once i tasted it. it does not taste like other cotton candy i have bought and i am a cotton candy fanatic!!!! This stuff tastes overwhelmingly like artifical (not in a good way) blue berries. I ate it all bc its cotton candy, but i would never buy it again and i wish i knew about the flavor in the first place, as i never would have bought it then, either.
1,I picked up a pack at the West LA Whole Foods and could not finish the first bite.  The bars had a funky taste that suggested either spoilage or poor choice of ingredients.  The same taste permeated the exchanged strawberry bars too.  I recommend trying them first before you commit to a whole case.
1,Subcribe to this at 35.56/12=2.96/can while at the store its 1.96/can. Wheres the savings in that? Besides, as having previously subscribed and taken delivery these kind of heavy products are usually thrown in with smaller items making the box cumbersome and out of balance arriving broken open, cans dented and the smaller fragile items crushed..
1,The eggs just have a plastic Frozen scene wrapped around them. I had thought the eggs had the scene printed and could be reused for future Easters. You have to cut the plastic scene to open the egg leaving you with a plain plastic egg that in no way resembles Frozen. The contents are some castle shaped sweet tart type candies that are quite disgusting. What do you expect form China?! Skip this and look for better options.
1,Mine came really oily, soggy consistency.
1,To gooey
1,This item could be so much better if the fruit was not so hard.  It has good flavor but the fruit is a bit hard - like it was processed before fully ripened.	Even though the price was decent since I had a coupon and used subscribe and save, I'll not buy this again.  I see where the Roland brand has another good coupon this month but now I am too hesitant to buy the brand again.
1,Arrived all smashed and melted.
1,need more lemon flavor. Will not buy again
1,I recently purchased this at my local country store, in lieu of my sons fave the tostitos brand.  He just confirmed that this was a huge mistake. He says it tastes like vomit and has made him ill..... why on earth is an otherwise charitable, reputale company making this stuff? These reviews go back a couple of years so this is not just a bad batch.  This is sickening that i wasted money on this.  At least it goes to charity, but it is still infuriating.  Next time i want to make a charitable donation i will do so without making my family ill.
1,Product says it is solid at room temperature, it is not.  It is a complete liquid and it is too hard to use if refrigerated.
1,i am so disappointed it feels like the seasoning for zhajiangmian, i am a Chinese, and believe or not, i am good at cooking and I do not like the taste.
1,Not a quality product to me.  See my review on this brand that has Lemon.  My experiences with Wild Planet products have been negative.
1,it doesn't state artificial flavorings in the ingredients list on Amazon.....but they are listed on the box.  Not for me because of the artificial ingredients, but my husband likes the taste.
1,These are not individually wrapped and the white stripe tastes like soap.  Even my granddaughter claimed the white one tasted strange.  The red and blue tasted fine, but in each rope, you get several of each color.  Twizzlers blew it on the white.
1,Stale, flat-tasting candy. Have my own tastes changed so much since I was a kid or are candy makers turning out a severely inferior product these days? I mean, this stuff was dreadful. I find myself wishing that we'd had more trick-or-treaters so we wouldn't have candy left over. This does not taste like Halloween candy I remember when I was a boy. This is not worth eating.
1,Weak flavor is not at all like Heinz relish bought at the grocery store. Very disappointed.
1,the box was at least 80 degrees all the flower pedals came off from the scorching heat,why?
1,Since when did Mrs. May start importing food from China, a country who's track record with exported goods (i.e. lead on toys, melamine in milk, tainted fruit w/ heavy metal residue and pesticides, molding sheet rock, etc., etc.) that are not doing to well.  I wish Amazon would list where a product is from, especially for food items. I am really upset that a supposedly health food type products are being shipped out to be produced in China, (think Apple Crisps).  Come are profits that important.  Its a shame I have to give this product one star.
1,no taste but nice smell
1,Product shipped and arrived as promised.  However the this brand lacks taste.  It is too bland.  I resorted to using the Keurig to brew a cup of hot water and using a tea bag.  Also more cost effective.
1,I have ordered the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Saco-Cultured-Buttermilk-Blend-16-Ounce-Canister-Pack-of-3/dp/B001E5E2BS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Saco Cultured Buttermilk Blend, 16-Ounce Canister (Pack of 3)</a>&nbsp;before and the items arrived intact and were good to use.  This second shipment arrived completely crushed. The buttermilk powder was all over the inside of the box and the other items I had ordered.  All of the containers and their lids were smashed and torn and could not be used. It is too bad that there was not any protective packaging material between the cardboard buttermilk containers and other heavier metal canned items inside the larger box.
1,I am disappointed. They work as advertised: quick, clean, and easy. However, more important to me is taste.		While individually wrapped, the freshness of beans ground just for that moment is missing. The pod itself uses less coffee than I would in a single shot. Since I more often will make lungos, the sheer lack of coffee volume produces a weaker drink. Instead of pulling twice as long, I pull it 80% as long for a short shot, but it takes longer to get it all into the cup.		The crema is impressive, equal to any regular Illy.		The cost-per-drink is poor. I already knew this, but hoped I would be impressed enough by the quality so as to tolerate the price.		I regular buy cans of illy's dark roast whole beans for grinding into espresso. These ESEs are not as good as the real thing. Because of the high standard illy otherwise supports for its products, I cannot give my full support to the illy Caffe Scura Coffee, Espresso, (Dark Roast, Black Band), 18-Count E.S.E. Pods.		--Brockeim
1,I bought this syrup about two years ago and it was great. But this recent purchase has left me disappointed. The syrup has definitely been watered down and as a result not as flavorful. No wonder they could afford to reduce the price in this economy!
1,This "Soda" if you can call it that should be Illegal. Wait it is illegal in Canada,Mexico and Europe. The High Fructose corn syrup causes Brain damage, increases risk of diabetes, higher blood preasure, it also takes more of it by volume to get the same amount of sweeting. I currently get my soda from the Mexican section of my Supermarket. They still sell the throwback stuff with real sugar but its hard to find. Also fight for our Government to get bigger so that we might have the same high food standards as MEXICO. DO YOU REALLY WANT YOUR KIDS DRINKING THIS?
1,I did not like the flavor of these like I thought I would.  Too salty and do not look appetizing out of the box.
1,Bland and dry. will not waste my dollars on this product.
1,Tastes really awful. I normally drink 100% to bring up my blood sugar and accidentally got this because it looks so similar, only to be disgusted by the taste and because it's half the carbs and sugar that should be there, it won't bring up my blood sugar unless I have at least 2 full cups.
1,horrible tasting coffee substitute		if you are looking for a coffee substitute, try Dandy Blend or a barley based sub.
1,We were hoping for a reminder of the toasted coconut chips that were served all over Jamaica when we were there years ago. I even made my own when we got back by slicing fresh coconut as thin as possible and toasting in a toaster over. Indescribably delicious. Unfortunately these are nothing like that. Won't order again.
1,Not anybody's fault, but these melt in the heat and get all glued together by the chocolate, and I think the chocolate then soaks into the cookie.  You end up with something lame.  I wouldn't buy again from anybody.
1,Not good
1,I love dark chocolate, and I love it combined with nuts.  I couldn't wait to open the package after it arrived.  My husband was waiting for a taste too.  What we discovered was that the chocolate was hard and didn't have much taste.  After eating a few nuts, we decided that the remainder could go into the garbage can.  What a waste of money!
1,This is the first time I'm using stevia. I was hoping something good. I added it to my cake instead of refined sugar. However, I really don't like the taste! It's like it leaves an aftertaste which is very awful. I mean it's like you have some kind of a drug taste on your tongue. Don't buy again. I'm sorry.
1,I have never written a bad review.  But I just got this and WANT MY $7 BACK NOW.  It is the worst ginger tea, or any tea for that matter, I have ever had.  NO FLAVOR NO TASTE EXCEPT THE BAG FLAVOR.  YOU CAN TASTE THE BAG THIS IS IN.  IT IS SO AWFUL. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY.
1,I ordered two and the pretzels were all broken.	I brought one to work and everyone thought they were old
1,The item description says 24 servings.	The nutrient guide says 24 1/2oz servings	The recipe on the bag says SERVES SIX.		COME ON NOW. That's insanely unrealistic to say on the page here and on the back that is serves 24. Who eats 1/2 oz of stuffing??		Notice they even put the instructions on the amazon page but omitted the serves SIX line.		So if you have a decent crowd, get 2-3 boxes.
1,Please be aware that Eden Foods was a plaintiff in the Hobby Lobby case and wishes to deny its female employees birth control.
1,Good taste but small and very over priced can buy three for the same price at the organic store in my area
1,I'd say 2.5 stars.  Not a great combo of coconut peanut butter, uneven tasting somehow.  And too thick.  There's not many other choices out there, so it's better than nothing.  I first got introduced to this combo when a friend went to Hawaii, and brought me back a locally made brand from NorthShore Goodies.  It's super expensive and I treat my self to a 50 oz container once or twice a year.  Was hoping EB brand would be close.  Maybe it would be if I never tried the Hawaiian brand, but too late now...
1,Didn't really like these at all. Maybe the sour lollipops but the rest no. I can't recommend them.
1,The Xylitol products seem to have great health benefits for humans. But the info and packaging lacks a prominent warning that Xylitol is reported to be highly toxic to dogs.  I did not know this when placed Xylitol product orders for coffee sweetener and some Xylitol gum.  Since I have 2 dogs I "tossed" the products,  not wanting the risk of accidental harm to my pets.
1,It tastes blend. The only positive thing is that it is organic
1,I drink Pike Place all the time in store and in K-Cup. This is terrible tasting. I've tried pods from every box. I can't get a good cup. I'm saving it for spares.
1,I wanted to like it, as the price was so good; however, the flavor is very weak, the color is off, and the stuff is so clumpy. Even if I use 3 times as much, it is insufficient. Disappointed.
1,Tea should be stored in an airtight container. This paper bag is just folded at the top w/o any seal. Tea was tasteless. I should have returned it but I was too lazy to do so. I am sure Amazon would have taken it back and would have paid for shipping. I like Amazon but not all the products are excellent.
1,I ordered the same tub I get about every 6 weeks or so. which is small bite sized pieces of chick-o-stick that is pictured here.  I received a jar of larger pieces, approx 2 inches long, still 160 pieces.  While this is not terrible, I will find out what my staff thinks of them tomorrow.  Their color is a brighter orange, and I don't smell the peanut butter as I did in the pieces in the tub, nor do I taste it.  I am disappointed that I did not get what I ordered.
1,Please research this product before using it or giving it to someone, because even "natural" products can have unwanted effects on prescribed medicines, and they all have side effects which you may not be aware of. It's cheaper to just take a multivitamin.		Here is a link to an article about Juice Plus.		[...]
1,ok
1,I know it's supposed to be a superfood, but it is vile.  Who can drink this stuff?  I threw mine out.
1,These are okay but not what I expected.  I actually got an upset stomach from them.  Taking five pills at one time is a lot of pills to swallow, especially since they're not a very easy-swallowing type of pill.  I didn't feel any difference from taking these, and I've been using them for over two months now.
1,Flavored with caraway seeds and rosemary.  It's as weird as it sounds.  Too bad because the plain product I think would be pretty good.
1,People, please don't buy this if you are aiming for a sugar free or low carb diet. Studies (and now my own experience after measuring blood sugar levels) have shown that IMO's are mostly absorbed (~80%), so basically you are eating just plain sugar. Quest bars changed their recipe and don't use IMO anymore after being sued!
1,Big disappointment! After years of purchasing these stevia sweetened products from TrueLemon for flavoring drinks, making gummi candy and homemade popsicles that are sugar free I find that they are now adding sugar to their stevia to sweeten their products. This has resulted in increasing the carb count to 3 per individual package from less than 1! If you are diabetic or eat low carb that is a significant increase so be aware of this change. If you drink recommended the daily allowance of water with this added for flavor the carbs will add up quickly. Now I am on the hunt for an alternative drink flavoring product that does not contain any added sugar. It's a shame because these flavors were so delicious with no sugar added.
1,Not as good as adding your own dairy. Tastes like instant hot chocolate compared to real hot cocoa.
1,Very bitter,  poor chocolate taste.  Actually had to throw out entire bag.
1,Not as advertised.  No flavored pretzels - only different shapes of the original pretzel.  Very disappointing  ... should have sent them back.  Also "eat by" date too soon.  Would have to eat a bag every day to finish them in time.
1,My favorite peanuts, too bad these are horrible.  Not fresh or the same as sold in the stores.  Do not buy.
1,it was good but way to expensive
1,This does not do well in cookie or cake recipes. Threw it away.
1,I normally LOVE this cereal and have ordered it many times on other websites before. I also love the Nature's Path brand in general. However, this time, I was so upset to see that I received 12 bags of this that expire in two months! The product also smelled horrible, like burnt popcorn. I guess it was rancid because it never smells like this. This is so disappointing. I received a refund, but now I don't trust to order this anymore online. Which stinks! I wish companies would like the expiration dates for their products online. Otherwise, it's just a huge gamble I'm no longer willing to take.
1,Terrible, off and old.
1,Taste just ok to me -- probably three stars -- but according to the Feds, I'll avoid them:		A warning letter to the company:		Your products do not meet the requirements for use of the nutrient content claim healthy on a food label, William Correll, director of the Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition, said in the letter, dated March 17 and released publicly on Tuesday. You should take prompt action to correct the violations.		The U.S. regulatory agency said the Kind bars -- Fruit & Nut Almond & Apricot, Fruit & Nut Almond & Coconut, Plus Peanut Butter Dark Chocolate + Protein and Fruit & Nut Dark Chocolate Cherry Cashew -- have too much saturated fat to be considered healthy. The FDA standard is less than 1 gram, while the dried fruit and almond bar contains 3.5 grams.		Closely held Kind said it has officially responded to the FDA since receiving the letter.		Nuts, key ingredients in many of our snacks and one of the things that make fans love our bars, contain nutritious fats that exceed the amount allowed under the FDAs standard, Joe Cohen, a spokesman for the company, said in a statement. There is an overwhelming body of scientific evidence supporting that nuts are wholesome, nutritious and healthful.		Make up your own minds.		Robert C Ross	April 2015
1,It has a funny sweet taste -- we were hoping for it to be more salty / savory. Wish I can return the other 2 boxes since this is a 3-pack deal.
1,tea smells like fish water, Impossible to make taste better, horrible tea. I prefer the Revolution green tea, much better.
1,Yummy,  but it had many broken bits.
1,I fell for the pretty box at first, and I'm glad there is a more natural alternative to aspartame and even an alternative to Splenda. But Truvia is the most expensive stevia-derived sweetener I have found, and even though Truvia claims to be made from the sweetest part of the stevia plant, Stevia Supreme is sweeter (and cheaper).
1,Very bad spoiled when received had to send back awful taste. Company okay with return had expiration date June 2016.
1,Chemical aftertaste. Contains unnatural food dyes. Not a worthwhile substitute for lemonade
1,I guess I'm not used to such a strong flavor in my nutritional yeast.  Flakes are really big, it was hard to use on popcorn and stuff. The taste is just weird for us, too strong and not quite right.  I think we're going to go back to Bob's next time.
1,I'm unimpressed with these.  They are incredibly dense, so if you want to lose weight, avoid these.  They do taste OK, but not great.  I've had better tasting granola bars.
1,I was really not impressed with this. It doesn't have much flavor to it, onion or otherwise. It has a tendency to clump, so if I'm adding it to a soup or something I end up with little onion powder balls throughout. I've never had that problem before. It just doesn't taste right.
1,Can barely taste the English Toffee - not very sweet.  Definitely not the replacement for my hazelnut creamer I was hoping for.
1,Delicious bars at the wrong price. You can buy the 6 bars for $3.50, so do the math!
1,K Cups cannot replicate a good super automatic coffee machine coffee such as Saeco or Gaggia which usually allows the user to pick the coffee from the bean to the cup, where you have control over the grind, the amount of coffee per cup, size of cup and temperature of the water.  In a K Cup you are at the mercy of who is placing the coffee in the cup and although the quality, as in this case, is stated as 100% Jamaica Blue Mountain, which is a fantastico great bean, this is NOT the same Blue Mountain bean that costs over $50 a pound, trust me. For one thing, this bean is not medium roast, it is dark roast, maybe a little medium but certainly dark. NO ONE will cook a Blue Mountain been to dark roast for to truly enjoy the natural taste of Blue Mountain it should never be cooked past medium.		I only use my Keurig when my Super Automatic is having illness and I not only dread the cost of fixing my Gaggia but having to drink coffee out of a K Cup. The K Cup is better than drip coffee, better than percolator coffee, but it is not better than McDonald's. It is also better than Starbuck's who burns all their coffee beans which usually hides the low quality of beans they use. If you really want a good cup of coffee and don't care about having to work to make one or having a few grounds in your cup, get a good French press and a good Italian blend like Blue Label Illy. You can't go wrong. I have both and I will start using my French press after this abysmal tasting Marley Coffee.		I will continue to look for a good K Cup blend, you just never know.... but for the price of Marley Coffee you can do a lot better (Gavalia Colombian.)
1,This product arrived in a stale condition. The expiry of this product is Jan 2016, which is just 3 months from now (for a 2 Pound bag). Bought this item after reading a lot of user reviews and decided this is the one to buy although a tad expensive, not very satisfied with the purchase as I was hoping to be. I wanted to try this before I do a subscribe and save. Same experience with the pumpkin seeds I ordered from Braga.
1,The coffee tasted good but every time I used a pod I would get grounds.  I shook them to make sure the coffee was broken up.  I replaced the needle on my Keurig.  I bought a new machine thinking that was the problem.  I ended up throwing the rest of the coffee out because it wasn't worth the hassle of trying to get the grounds out of the cup.
1,I like cheez-its  but am not fond of this flavor. I would have liked it to have more heat and flavor. It seemed bland. I brought it to a party and people tried one then left it alone.
1,I followed the recipe on the can and just didn't like the result.  The surface is kind of foamy so the first touch on your tongue is weird and gross.  Then the heat just blasts you so hard that a few times I nearly gagged and thought this might be going into reverse.  I wanted that level of heat so that wasn't really a negative its just that the flavor tasted like powdered wasabi and not really like mustard.  That combined with the texture and I just couldn't do it.  I threw the can away after just one use...
1,We purchased these for our child second birthday, I'm sorry our twins second birthday. These are not the old-school ice cream shop sprinkles we were all used to growing up his kids, if you're in your mid-30s.  I would not buy again, because they had the consistency and the texture of sand.
1,I always buy Crown prince  sardines and they used to be delicous , i bought  a case of  12	but this batch was terrible tasteless and i am throwing it
1,VERY poor taste - or no taste would be a better phrase. Has a watered down taste, not an italian roast at all!
1,The chips were cut too thickly.  I found a better product on here made by turbana that are actually made in columbia
1,product was old and stale.  The coating of the M&Ms has a white glaze indicating they are old, and the taste of the chocolate is old.
1,Yuck, it was like eating livestock feed.  I've had this before and it was great but they've changed it, its mostly just oats and not tasty like it used to be.
1,THIS PRODUCT DOES NOT COME FROM THE USA, IT COMES FROM OVERSEAS AND WILL TAKE AN AVERAGE OF A MONTH TO GET TO YOU.
1,has a weird taste with a stringy texture. gave it to daughter and she agrees it is not very good.
1,NOT  APPEALING, TO WET OR SLIMMY...WAS DISAPPOINTED
1,I decided to try these Rye crackers since Ry Krisp aren't available.  I purchased this product after reading reviews comparing them to Ry Krisp.  What a disappointment.  I will keep looking for a Ry Krisp replacement.  These are a poor replacement.
1,I did not realize until after I ordered that these packets are not just xylitol, but have a silica filler as well.	It is unclear whether or not the source of this xylitol is corn or birch--I at least felt better that the label said non-gmo...		that being said, I found a single ingredient packet version of another brand (no silica) on another website for much cheaper than this, and also much cheaper than the same product here on amazon...so guess where I might be purchasing my next box...
1,Terrible!  There was barely any peanut flavor for supposedly being made of only peanuts.  If all I had to do was add salt it would have been ok.  But this stuff couldn't be helped.  It was just bad all around.  PB2 is much better and I have some on order right now.
1,I've been eating beans all my life and must say that these produce is a mistake.  There is an excesive amount of sugar added.  The sweetness overpowers anything no been flavor.  Anything extra you add to it will just make it worst meat or hot spices won't combine.  Add a few spoons of sugar to your beans and this is what you'll get.  I'll see if I can somehow wash the sugar away and only keep the beans assuming that they have their natural flavor, otherwise these will go to the garbage.
1,Just plain bad for you. I don't know what I was thinking!
1,Absolutely horrible!  The second Celestial Seasonings tea I bought and tried today based on positve reviews -both were enough to make me never buy this brand again.  Completely agree with negative reviews.  Tastes like red hots melted in water or Big Red gum..overwhelming cinnamon-water taste.  Have to say, I was really excited to try this one, based on reviews,  but was a little worried when I opened the box and it did NOT smell good.  Tried it anyway and it is just terrible.  Throwing the whole box away.  Getting a fresh cup of different tea now and putting that cup in the dishwasher.  Not gonna risk rinsing it out only and possibly tasting that again in my next cup!
1,Do not waste your money on this product. It has an awful rancid flavor (this might be due to improper storage procedures and oxidation). Cannot return it either - Amazon return policy. Go for a superior product like the one from KAF.
1,Too grainy and not a distinct coconut flavor. I was expecting a coconut milk consistency for frozen deserts, coffee and soups. Too much oil in this product to use in coffee and too grainy for soups and deserts.  It may be good for baking, but I haven't tried that as yet. I do like the fact that it is condensed and you add water to it, good packaging.
1,I was very disappointed with this product. The hearts were to soft and they tasted nothing like the orginal necco conversation hearts. And I got 2 3lb bags of them. And then I found out I could not return them so I was out the cost and the shipping. These hearts were the new flavors and way to soft.
1,Let me explain the title.  I have been buying various vinegars for many years. Most of them have been from Modena Italy, the only legal place to sell actual balsamic produced in Italy.	I once got some excellent aged vinegar that was made in Spain I believe. Mostly authentic balsamic though, which can vary from not being dated at all to being 10, 15, 25, 50 or even 100 years old. The older 'vintages' from Modena are aged in oaken barrels, and moved from one barrel to another over the years. Each barrel gets smaller over the years.	The shops in the US that focus on and sell only vinegars and olive oils can be a source of some good vinegars, mostly flavored, but usually some aged up to 15 years. The aged vinegars get thicker, more like a heavy motor oil in viscosity. Not at all thin and watery.	This sherry vinegar comes very thin, and very sharp tasting. There is barely a hint of what a good unaged Modena Balsamic tastes like. This is not aged vinegar. it is being sold under false pretenses. I am going to try and get money back. My advice is to buy any vinegar labeled as being from Modena, I have never been disappointed by any vinegar labeled as being from Modena.	I am cooking it down, with some added honey, and even at the point of being reduced to half it is not very good.
1,Not shown on the description or any where ... THIS PRODUCT CONTAINS SOY ... not the oil but soy. Given the number of people who are allergic to soy or peanuts Amazon needs to put this information in the product description. NOT JUST THIS PRODUCT BUT EVERY PRODUCT SOLD.
1,Kellogg agreed to remove "all natural" labeling from its line of Kashi and Bear Naked products, which the lawsuit claimed contain several artificial ingredients. In addition, they're setting aside $5 million in a fund to dole out 50-cent refunds to Kashi customers and $325,000 for Bear Naked customers. They do not seem to disclose all ingredients and after further research, apparently Kashi is owned by Kellogg and donated some $790,700 dollars to defeat prop 37, GM labelling in CA. The question is why wouldn't they want me to know the exact ingredients, after all I am paying for the product.
1,This was way too strong and not a nice cinnamon flavor.  I returned it and they were very nice about it.
1,Homemade peanut butter fudge (or even a ready-made approximation) is a family favorite, but THIS substitute is not that. Back to the kitchen for us, and for Hall's, too.
1,Tasty; but, very small pieces and excessive salt.
1,Yes, I must say these are delicious delightful little crack puffs of goodness....or so I thought. So much for a healthy treat. For those truly health conscious and trying to avoid GMO's - sadly, these are not the snack for you. I decided to double check this and went to their website.  "Q: Are Pirate Brands' products all natural? A: Yes, all Pirate Brands' products are all natural, per the FDA's definition, because we don't add artificial or synthetic ingredients, colors, or flavors to them.  Q: Does Pirate Brands use genetically modified ingredients?  A: Yes, our products include some ingredients that may have been genetically modified. Currently, the majority of food crops grown in the U.S. have some genetic engineering. For example, more than 85% of corn (the key ingredient in our products) is genetically modified, and factors such as pollen drift from nearby crops and current practices in agricultural storage, handling and shipping have led to a market where non-GMOs are not sufficiently segregated. Accordingly, our products are not currently GMO free."  So, how can this be all an "All Natural" snack and yet be made from genetically modified ingredients - AKA: Artificial Ingredients...... kind of an oxymoron.....Thanks Pirates Brands for crushing my snacking soul
1,I bought these as a healthy snack alternative for my kids and myself. I have to say I wasn't really a fan of anything other than the apples. Even my kids weren't impressed. I won't be buying these again.
1,I don't know what it is, but this is some of the worst bacon I've ever tasted. Maybe because it's precooked?
1,I bought this coffee in TJ.  It is really sour and overly bitter.  I tried to cut it with Ice, Milk and water but the sour taste just does not go away.  It was horrible.
1,HATE IT
1,So I ordered these for a baby shower and loved the idea. However, when I received them they had been smashed/melted into one big blob. I couldn't pry the individual jelly bellies apart so wasn't able to use them at all. I tried to return them for this reason and was told they aren't eligible for returned or even exchanges. Now I'm stuck with a blob of Root Beer flavored sugar that can't be used and I'm out $13. Not happy.
1,This sweetener is not sweet.
1,Wow, I paid this much for these two bags? There must be a 200% markup or something, AFTER they've purchased it from their distributor. Get it at your local grocery store.
1,The fat content is surprisingly high.
1,I am sure this honey is very high quality, BUT the cinnamon is so strong it burns going down my throat.	And I love the taste of Cinnamon.
1,May be I received a bad batch, but this sauce tasted awful to me.  I fed all the bottles to the trash.  Don't waste your money!!
1,tastes exactly like the cans...very white ...tough and dry... i just order it cause the other brand went up on the price so i said let me give this glass jar tuna a try...nothing like the other brand ,,,,and fyi its very small portion...don't waste your money..
1,The flavor lasts all of two minutes, but if you're looking for health properties, you may find this worth while.
1,I am editing my original 5 start review of this product. I ordered my 2nd jar a few weeks ago. When it arrived, I noticed that the product looked powdery and clumped. I decided to pour the entire container into a large bowl, and the entire jar was that way!  It was clumped up and when I tried to break it up, it just became a powdery mess. Clearly this order was damaged, but Amazon would not take it back. What a waste of money. I ended up throwing the entire jar away.
1,remember them tasting a lot better, what happened?
1,I try to stay away from GMO ingredients. This garlic lists "vegetable oil" as an ingredient and so it is probably either GMO corn or GMO soy oil. I have no way to know, so i will not buy this fried garlic. There is another Thai fried garlic on Amazon that lists palm oil as the only oil and I will buy that brand instead
1,I was expecting something a little more snappy and a little less sandy. The flavor was okay (I personally love strong ginger flavors, which I am yet to find) however, they were too sweet for my tastes. I don't know, but it seems like Americans have a strong taste for excess sugar. It would have been better if there was less sugar and more spice, as well as less sandiness and more snappiness, imho. For those who like chocolate, try the extreme chocolate cookies, but be careful as they may cause burning of the stomache; esp. if many are eaten. Not my favorite Pamela's product.
1,This soup was not appetizing.  The picture on the packaging is very misleading.  The Tortillas are soggy and the way the soup cooks leaves all the ingredients mushy.  I will not be buying this again nor would I recommend this soup to anyone.
1,Beware of rock hard pieces!  I ordered these because they were considerably less than another brand I had been buying for my smoothies.  I won't buy them again!  The nibs don't have much chocolate flavor and there are hard as a rock like little  stone pieces that could break a tooth.  Buyer be ware!
1,this tasted so fresh and good when I first had them in real life.	so, i decided to order on Amazon.		When I got the box, however, two bags were somehow open and most of the bags were not as tasty or crispy.		eating a bag of this cause bloated stomach.	I regret buying this on Amazon.		why are most chips I buy on Amazon not fresh/ close to exp.date??
1,Package busted cans leaking
1,Was not happy with these. They were not crunchy or very flavorful. Also had some that were almost rancid, they were very gross. Had to throw most of the bag away. Maybe we just got a bad bag.
1,My child is soy free.  She can have cherry jolly ranchers because there isn't soy in them so I hoped these wouldn't have soy in them but they do.  Couldn't even eat any.
1,I was really looking forward to trying these products. I purchased one can of both the Soy Whip and the Rice Whip. This was a bad choice and I wasted the $12.36 that the two products cost, as these items are not returnable.		When I received the products I found that neither can dispelled more than about a tablespoon of whipped cream. I must say the tablespoon from each can tasted good, but most of the product is still in the aerosol can and will not dispense.		I am very disappointed both in this product and in Amazons policy of labeling non returnable products on defective products. So, I am stuck with two worthless cans of this product.		I feel that Amazon is harming it's sterling reputation by selling inferior products and having a non return policy on them.
1,Strange, somewhat overpowering taste.  Rough texture.  Handy, but they don't enhance the food.  Bulky to store.
1,Subscribe and save brought these to my door at a great price however I couldn't get anyone to ear them! Ended up giving them to my neighbor girl.
1,I did not like this tea at all.  I enjoy tea from time to time.  My wife drinks it more than me, she has a cup after work everynight like clock work.  We bought a box of this tea a while back and it is still sitting in the cuppboard, missing maybe 4 at the most.  I like English Breakfast tea and drink it by the bags but these cups are horrible.		If you have the K-filter you can brew certain loose tea in it.  My wife uses it all the time and it comes out pretty good.  There are decent teas available through k-cups, this is not one of them.
1,Product desc. says you get 80 T-cups( 5 batches with 16 T-Cups in each. Only receive Two pkgs. of 16 T-Cups) This info.is taken verbatim from sellers desc. so it CANNOT be "unacceptable" review
1,Too bitter for me.
1,Worst tasting juice drink I ever tasted! Can't put into words how bad this stuff really is!
1,Oh my gosh!	Do they have any taste testers at Zevia?  Ones with taste buds that still work?		I've been looking for a sugar-free and chemical-free alternative to regular soda. I love my carbonated drinks, but realize	it is time to get rid of HFCS (high fructose corn syrup) from my life.		My husband likes Hansen's sodas, and I had asked him to try to find one for me in a flavor I'd like. He has not been able to find any stores in our area that carry Hansen's, but came home with a six-pack of this Zevia cola for me to try. I am SO GLAD that he only bought one six-pack and that I did not buy a case online!!!		First off - the positive:	The can is a really pretty color.	The soda is clear, which I actually like.	That's it!		Now for reality - this stuff tastes HORRIBLE!!  Four people in our house - not one liked it. Not. One.	Wish I'd had taken a movie of the expression on their faces when they tried this one!  It was that surprised,	what-the-freak-is-in-this-can look!  Even my husband, who drinks sugar-free sodas, pulled back and looked at me in surprise.	He bravely tried another few drinks.		None of us were able to identify what the heck that taste is in this can. It certainly isn't cola. It isn't artificial sweetener.	Sort of plastic-like, with maybe rubbing alcohol stirred in? Seriously bad.	It is UFO cola!	My husband did say that it very vaguely reminded him of the aftertaste of homemade sassafras root tea that his parents used to make	in the summertime from scratch - yes, chopping a root from a sassafras tree and boiling it to make tea.	That wasn't a compliment, just an observation.		All I can say is- JUST SAY NO.	No matter what you like to drink, this one won't be on that list.	Just plain disgusting.
1,Tastes horrible so I mixed it with another tea..
1,Man I had to write two bad reviews this month & I feel bad. I saw great reviews & was recommended this Jerky. My 5 year old niece & I love jerky so I tried to get a soft, easy to chew, non-spicy bag for us to share. Bought three bags of the "original" flavor and it's the toughest cuts of meat with silver skin that we strangled on. My teeth are sensitive and I could barely chew this. My teeth still hurt hours after eating it. I know I sound like a wuss but I have chronic illness. I prefer the thicker cuts of meat cut against the grain where as this is cut with the grain of the meat so it's chewy to say the least. Sorry for the bad review but I always want to be honest to help others. The flavor isn't bad but has a slight kick for kids, my niece said it was "too spicy". I used to make homemade jerky and it's a similar flavor but may need some pineapple juice to tenderize the meat some. It's not bad as far as flavor as I said but if you have tooth issues you might want to keep looking, this is nearly as tough as leather on some pieces.
1,It's ok, I buy it when there is no alternative but the water often turns into a yellow starchy soup no mater how I cook it.  It has a flavor as well.		I buy the Tinkyada usually and then I just discovered Barilla Gluten Free Pasta!!!  It is new and incredible!  But you do need to follow the directions on the box to get the right consistency because they are thinner than the other brands!
1,Disappointed.....the price was good and ingredients pure. I know the brand so I decided to try it. I opened the jar to find a huge amount of oily thin liquid surrounding a large solid clump of dark brown. Impossible to mix. The large solid clump was so hard, I had to use a knife to attempt to break up the mass. No way could I mix this well enough to spread. I asked Amazon for a refund and they did. Kirkland Signature  Almond Butter....one star. Amazon.....five stars.
1,Too bitter for me.
1,My Peeps just arrived in the trays as shown, but there were only 2 sets of 2 trays containing 5 Peeps each, and that adds up to 20 Peeps instead of 40. Buyer Beware! Amazon is giving me a refund since the Peeps are a food product and cannot be returned. Because of this mistake, I'm only giving 1 star. Don't know how fresh they are, etc, and probably won't know until Easter Sunday. Very disappointed :(
1,these were hard to eat . i didn't care for the outside pastry
1,Why are the ingredients of the energy bars not listed? No nutrition label ? I will take the recommendation ofinger Energy Bars are too sweet and pass on this product. If nutrion and ingredients are not available hard to trust this product
1,This didn't taste like chocolate OR hazelnut.  It did, however, have a mild taste of OIL.  If I could, I'd return it and get my money back.
1,Very small bottle
1,I did not like the price on this at all.
1,Coffee is too weak. Don't want to use two at a time because that ends up too expensive. Still searching for a pod that strong enough for us. Usually use coffee grounds, but pods would be great when in a hurry.
1,I don't care for the taste didn't like it much.
1,At first this can of Bumble Bee Omega-3 Albacore Tuna appealed to me. I liked the fancy gold tone metal can and the fact that Omega-3 is a very heathy protein that we should all be consuming.	That was a rather shallow reason for selecting this tuna as it turns out. I decided to do my own little product test for this review. While shopping at Wegman's supermarket I picked up an on sale can of their store brand albacore tuna. It cost 79 cents. Packed in water.	Reading the labels it turns out that each can provided 9 grams of protein. Thus they are equal in Omega-3. The Bumble Bee brand tuna is packed in three different kinds of oil. I am not sure why because those oils do not add to the protein value at all. for those allergic to soy oil there could be a little problem with this brand.	Upon opening the cans, I drains the liquids and weighed the tuna. Wegman's weigh slightly more but the can comes in at 6 ounces rather than 5 ounces of Bumble Bee tuna.	The quality of the drained tuna in both were what I was judging. Appearance and taste is the best measure of why the Bumble Bee tuna only earned two stars. Tuna packed in water maintains its structure and, in this case, flavor. The Bumble Bee tuna was mushy around the edges and did not hold it's shape when used in a salad. It also tasted like the oil used for packing. The Wegman store brand tuna came out of the can as a solid, firm, easily flaked fillet of white tuna. And it tasted mild and delicious while keeping its forkful shape in the salad.	Higher cost is another issue, but misleading advertising indicating that their tuna packed in these oils provides more Omega-3 protein than a plain store brand tuna is the primary negative one for me.	Although that gold can still has flashy charm!
1,This sweetener is not sweet.
1,Tasted like Vodka with a hint of coconut.  I'll just stick with the non flavored powder version.
1,Cool Idea. Sweet cotton candy like scent. Unexplainable vomit like flavor.  I'm the type of person who enjoys eating strange stuff like squid ink bagels, ginseng coffee, vegemite, etc. That's why I took a chance with this flavor. But this THIS  is neither peanut butter or jelly. Can't point a recognizable flavor. One of the worst flavors I've ever had.  I don't like to waste my purchases so I just drink it fast without enjoying and am counting and looking forward the end of this box to never buy it again. Shame.
1,Stale.
1,This is not my first time using Bertolli EVOO. But I don't like the taste of this butch and it's to thin in volume. Not like most of the good EVOO. Will not buy Bertolli again.
1,These were hard as a rock when they arrived I could hardly bite into them!!!!they must've been old or something but they were like cardboard
1,When I took the sealed bag out of the shipping box, the little pieces of mochi (supposedly 'cakes') were stuck together and arrived in pretty much one big, gooey clump with a lot of powder on the outside.  Since I knew this was made with glutinous rice flour and that probably accounted for the gooeyness, I decided to give it a try and taste it anyway.  BIG mistake!  Not only did this stuff not taste like mochi, it didn't even taste like rice or rice flower!  Unfortunately, I don't have a way of describing the taste of this stuff as other than cloyingly, sickly sweet that left an aftertaste of the same.  I don't know what type of powdered starch they used on this, but it also had a very cloying, sickly sweet taste and was probably responsible for most of the flavor.		I will be returning this stuff if the shipping cost is not too high, otherwise it is going into the trash!
1,EVERY STICK THOUGH IN A CAN WAS BROKEN!! It was as if they were broken already in many pieces and placed in the can
1,The original GinGin hard candy is worlds better.  I have only eaten one because I just cannot stomach these.  They don't tasty real.
1,I love the idea of xylitol gum, but this is too rubbery - squeaks against my teeth when I chew it - and the taste disappears within about ten seconds. Still, I'll use it to "clean" teeth between snacks/meals at work until it's gone
1,These are much too sweet, it was like vanilla frosting instead of white chocolate. I don't like it.
1,Some of the pieces were hard then some were very soft the flavor was poor I would not purchase again tossed most of the can out.
1,They looked like they Melted during delivery and they looked old so I had to get rid of them, (didn't want to change giving them out to anyone). Sorry thetas just a Bad choice
1,They have changed the product recipe:		The bars are significantly smaller, although they are using the same wrapper that now is twice as big as the dwarf fig bars.		The baked wheat outside is now chaulky, dry, compared to the former chewy outside.		Are they even baked in the USA anymore? Only says distributed from Reno, Nevada.		The inside is now more sugar, less fruit and more water, not rich and chewy like they used to be.		Going to the dogs here Nature's Stingy Bakery...
1,good taste
1,Tiny package - I wish I would have checked before purchasing. This package contains only 2.72 oz.
1,This review is for the French Roast Decaf beans.  I purchased these because I have had the Colombian Supremo Blend beans and that coffee is excellent. But this decaf coffee is horrid!!  When I opened the bag, it did not smell like coffee at all.  It just smelled burnt.  I ground the beans quite fine, but still ended up with weak, tasteless coffee.  I am so disappointed!!  I wanted a good low acid decaf coffee, but this is definitely not it! What a waste of money!
1,I am sensitive to chemicals in water and have been faithfully drinking Mountain Valley since 1993. It was always the best water for me. In the past several months I have noticed I would open a bottle and could not drink it. It actually made my mouth feel more dry after drinking it and it had a slight machine oil smell. As time has progressed over the past year seems more and more of the bottles are not drinkable. I am beginning to wonder if they are using water from alternate springs, or the spring or bottling process has become contaminated. Certainly there is a quality control issue because how can one bottle be okay and the next undrinkable? I am looking for another water at this point. It's a lot to pay for undrinkable water.
1,I sent these as a surprise to my son...It sure was a surprise...They were good, but all crushed...This happened before with Wonton Noodles from same company...These are so expensive so this shouldn't happen...The box it came in was fine..Why would they send crumbs
1,These candies are great if they are NOT expired.  I have ordered these candies from several different sellers on multiple occasions and I have consistently received expired products.  Additionally, some sellers put company stickers over top of the expiration date so you can't tell when the product expires.  Beware of the following sellers as I have had trouble with each of them:  Toys Samurai, ABCTOY4me and ToysDiva.  I have reported each of them to Amazon (4 different complaints in the past 4 months) and Amazon has done nothing to stop them from sending out expired products or products with hidden expiration dates.  Good luck.
1,These tasted stale. I tried a few packets and they were all the same.
1,I love almonds. Unfortunately I don't really like these. They don't have much salt on them, and they are much too soft for my liking (not roasted the way I like). The price is right, as you get a ton of almonds for the price. I don't like the taste or texture, however, and won't be ordering more.
1,12 were broken.....	i know flavors get put in automatically and there is no control over it...	but here is a break-down of my colors...	red... 34	orange... 5	green... 4	blue... 3	purple... ZERO . ZERO .  ZERO	total... 46 lolipops..... ummmm i am supposed to get 48		UPDATE.....	discovered that more lolipops were cracked... not broken... but as they were	being eaten/sucked they fell apart.	yet, the flavors are yummy (wish we had grape to try)
1,The product is good just overpriced
1,Bought this for my vegan daughter.  She said it was awful and she couldn't even drink a whole can.  Anyone want the other three...lol?  She LOVES apple juice, but this is apparently  "gross".  I don't like apple so this is not something I would even try.
1,Ding Dongs arrived in a box with other items and they were crushed. Had to throw them out. Would not buy again.
1,They are not the pods! and they fit only my double serving pod holder in Senseo coffee maker. Water didn't go through the pot,and spilled too. In effect I had a watery mess,undrinkable cappuccino without coffee flavor. Then I read the ingredients:1) coconut fat, 2) glucose syrup, 3)sugar,4)milk powder, and first on the 5th place coffee powder...not healthy at all. And it pollutes  the earth too with the plastic containing the ingredients.	I love my Senseo coffee but that's a shame.
1,not enough.soft ones...most were not chewable....the ones that were chewable are great
1,I love this coffee. This batch not so much. It came dumped in a box with no expiration date. It does taste a little more bitter. Not sure if it is old or not. I gave it three stars because it is still drinkable. Though the seller should have put in the ad that it is in bulk not individual boxes		EDIT: Changing my 3 stars to 1. After having a couple cups of this coffee, three different brewers only made 4 oz of coffee. I had 3 in a row burst in the machine. I would not buy this from this seller.
1,Never thought you could go wrong with Twix but here you have it. I can go in peace knowing I have two very large bags of stale candy	 It says best by 9_2016.
1,This is the second box of these I have purchased. First one was great but the second one was very stale and old-stock. Will not order again, that's for sure.  Too bad; it could have been a winner for me.
1,This tea is horribly tasting... very bitter with no spice flavors at all. I wanted to return it but Amazon would not let me return it. Live and learn. Still looking for a good Chai tea.
1,I see modified wheat in the ingredient list... not too good.  I recommend this instead for you baking needs:  http://goo.gl/Np3XJh  ... i hope this helps.
1,I must say that I was very surprised when reading all the great reviews about this baking mix. Unfortunately I cannot agree with the positive vibe about it. Not anyone in my family liked this bread. I felt it is sticky and the taste is only average. Above that the icing did not taste at all. Coming from Europe I am used to amazing bakeries. I might have another taste, or eaten really good cakes all my life, so that I just cannot find this as amazing as other people do. I would not buy this mix again.
1,I have been buying Maple Syrup for several years and this is the worst one I have ever bought.  It is much thinner than what I am used to and lacks a good flavor.  I would not buy it again.  It was kind of pricey for the amount that was in the bottle.
1,Product is absolutely tasteless, don't waist your money.
1,This wasn't at all what I expected. The sauce is very thin and it has a good amount of garlic flavor but it also is extremely vinegary. If you like vinegar based BBQ sauces, you will probably like this but I sure didn't.
1,Tasty; but, very small pieces and excessive salt.
1,I am sure that there are people who like Rishi Golden Yunnan tea, but I just don't like it. To me it is a combination of some tea and hay. (it smells like hay) Other teas I tried, like Sencha Green Tea or Pu-erh Tuo Cha Tea are even worst. Out of four Rishi teas I tried only the Earl Grey Loose Tea is acceptable. As for Green Tea - I like the Japan Sencha Green tea packaged by the Coffee Bean Direct. Anyway, You will not know which tea you like until you tried them all.
1,All of the salt does not dissolve. It leave sediments in the bottom of a glass of warm water. It looks like rust. How is iron oxide good for you?
1,Has an off taste to me. It didn't come with a scoop! Good thing I had a scoop from another Designer whey flavor.....Also the container had a dent in the bottom.
1,My wife made these this morning and I guess I'm not from the old country. They did not have a lot of flavor and the texture was pretty much like an ordinary biscuit. I will pass on these. Nothing special.
1,First of all, you get a big plastic container that is half empty (and I'm an optimist).  The scoop is huge.  There is no way one scoop is the appropriate amount for women or men of all sizes.  I used less than half one scoop with water.  Those that have suggested soy or almond milk are right to do so.  It is very chalky and very hard to dissolve.  While the protein powder does seem to offer an energy benefit, drinking the powder mix does not necessarily outweigh the advantages of the short-term energy benefit, or the feeling of not needing to eat (for one meal).  It is not likely I will purchase this product again.
1,Annoyed because while this tea is good, the manufacturer is so cheap that they put 4 TEABAGS IN ONE BAG!  Never again.
1,stale and tasteless
1,Did not get Decaf as I thought, I got regular coffee.  Wanted decaf
1,I loved this coffee till they decided to change everything about it!!!
1,I was hoping this would be a great replacement for chocolate coffee syrup but it's quite bitter.
1,The crackers were as hard as a rock and had a burnt flavor.  Pretty awful and a waste of money.
1,Being exmilitary i am used to eating some poorly tasting food but i didn't like it and ended throwing it out.	The cans have a shelf life of about 2-3weeks after opening.	Improvement is needed on the taste
1,They tasted stale.
1,I bought a package to try and it ended up in the garbage. The crackers themselves weren't so bad, but they had a powdery coating like the cheddar flavoring had been sprayed on, and the flavor was very sour, like spoiled milk left in the car. (if you have kids you know what I'm talking about). And not just in a "sharp cheddar" kind of way either.		The cracker itself was much thicker and more firm than I expeted, so it would probably work for dips, spreads, etc.		I recommend Blue Diamond nut chips which taste like their smokey nuts in a can.		I am going to give the regular Brown Rice crackers a try, But I do not recommend the cheddar.
1,AFTER SEVERAL CUPS....JUST MEDIOCRE
1,Horrible aftertaste, lingered for hours, threw it out.
1,Odd chemical flavor. No peachy pine taste that fresh mangoes Have
1,I normally love everything made by Annie's and often buy the bunny grahams and fruit snacks for my grandson. However, I was stunned by how much I hated this mac and cheese mix!! It's absolutely awful --the cheese sauce tastes artificial and leaves a weird aftertaste. Sorry Annie, but won't purchase this again. I will give it one star for being organic.
1,These are very OK.  I don't know why they are called "sour pops" as there is nothing sour about any of the flavors.  Similar in size and shape to the generic suckers you get from a bank or something.  Flavors are not terrible, but not great(only three).  Grape is the only one I personally like(tastes similar to jolly rancher grape).  Cherry is not bad, and tastes much better than the fake cherry that makes most candy taste like cough syrup.  Strawberry is eeehhhhh..... ok, i guess.  Not good.  My 7 year old son doesn't like any of them(which is shocking and disappointing cuz I'm weening him off of artificial junk and thought I would stock up on stuff like this). They got an extra star for being organic and trying to make something slightly more healthy that kids will like.  I think eating actual grapes, strawberries, or cherries is a far better treat(snack) than these.  But people obviously like these, and I guess these are good on the go. And this is just my opinion.  I'm glad I bought them to try, especially to support a brand with a positive foundation.
1,When I received these three plastic containers, they had expired in early May.  It is now August.  I received a refund from the purchase.
1,Don't like the flavor at all.
1,did not taste good
1,Total disappointment. Very mild tasting tea, hardly resembling the flavor of the delicious Thai tea you taste in restaurants. Would need quite a bit of doctoring to get the spices right and have it taste good. Do not recommend this.
1,These nibs are gross tasting - no cocoa flavor at all. Have purchased the Organic Traditions cocoa almonds and they are yummy. These are awful.
1,Meh, I'm not really that big of a k cup fan but these are pretty bad. some are stale.. others taste horrible. It was fun at first but mad were they a waste of money. Sent some to mu husband on deployment, at least he seemed to enjoy them.
1,The reason I only gave one star is to send this vendor a message: "No matter what your circumstances, you do not have the right to charge such an insane price for this product".		Now for my review...		This product is great and I've been using it for the last 6 months. The grind is fine and consistent which makes for a more fluffy baked good than the inconsistent grind of Bob's Red Mill. Since the almond skins are left on, baked goods do have a more hearty taste than when using blanched almond flour. However, I like the idea of having the almond skins on.
1,I received this in the mail today and the jar was busted at the bottom.  Looks like it had been tossed around, none of the air "pillows" were in the box to protect the items.  I am not happy about beans all over the box.
1,Very bitter!  I couldn't taste the coffee at all.  It basically tastes like baking cocoa.  No sweetness, no richness, not coffee.  I bought the 4 pack though, so I've begun mixing it half and half with Swiss Miss (in the can), and then sprinkling it with instant coffee after I've made a cup.  Even making it with whole milk couldn't make this yummy by itself.  If you like a rich chocolate taste with just a bit of coffee.... shop elsewhere.
1,Taste wasn't sweet to my liking will not buy again	A lot of the oranges when you cut into it. The insides look white or deformed inside. Not very juicy on my batch
1,Although i enjoy the quality of this jerky, I found this flavor to not be very Korean-BBQish. It's got some red pepper on it that gives it a nice spicy kick, but I found it to be much too salty.
1,I will change this if it gets fixed. I checked and double checked when I ordered this one and another one to make sure I was getting 2nd edition and 3rd. It came in quickly and i was super excited BUT when I looked at them I got a 3rd edition instead of a 2nd. Very disappointing :-(  Sorry for doing it this way, I could find a way to privately contact.
1,I've been trying to get Amazon`s customer service, but when transferred to a supervisor I was told they would call me back.  That was weeks ago. I'm glad I did not hold  my breath!  I ordered this sweetener because I won't-and can't-consume artificial sweeteners.  When I saw this picture and label of  "Stevia", I thought to give it a try.  The first ingredient listed is NOT STEVIA but is XILITOL- an alcohol sugar DEADLY TO DOGS.  I've a retired service dog and an active service dog.  They are trained not to eat food from the floor, but being at home there may be a few lapses.  Because of this I NEVER use XILITOL laced products, no matter if I make it or store bought.  Stevia is an ingredient listed after xilitol.  THIS PRODUCT NAME IS MISLEADING.  If could give it les than 1 star I would..
1,Doesn't taste very good.
1,The flavors are acceptable and I use some on vegetables but the do not stick to popcorn that I bought them for.  Maybe nothing will.
1,These were not as shown in picture. Not the same product. They burst when used in k-cup machine and you get lots of grounds in your cup. I was told refund is not avail for this product?
1,Item arrived busted and leaked all over my other pantry items.
1,I wanted to like this, but it tastes like it's old.
1,Welp, this was my first trial at gel paste so I tried the less expensive beginners pack. I've viewed youtube examples of gel paste in a small container & just a smidge was needed; I had to use more of this product to gain the robust color I was looking for equal to the gel in the small container. By using a lot of this gel I found there is a change of flavor that happens. Also it would be advisable to get gels of specific colors in lieu of mixing, its faster and more accurate; let the manufacturer do all the work (smile). But if this is your first time this is good enuf, it will help you make the determination on your own as to what you would like, this is just my opinion. Would'ov liked to share a photo of the cake but Amazon doesn't offer that option.
1,I don't like giving decent products bad reviews, but these raspberries had all the tart and none of the sweetness usually found on its fresh fruit counterpart. My son and I found them inedible. 2 stars because the quality was there and many other products from this brand are great.
1,Nowhere near the quality of Jakobs coffee, from Germany, sorry
1,Did not like the flavor.
1,Stale
1,the K cups are great. These are WEAK. Very poor. Not happy.
1,From shipment to shipment the coffee has become very very watery. Either the coffee beans are not as strong or they are physically putting less coffee in the k cups. Either way don't buy unless you like weak coffee.		Jamaican coffee should be robust and not taste like you purchased it from a fast food joint
1,Mine were old with brown spots.
1,Yuk!!!
1,Can't taste the black tea. The pomegranate raspberry taste is good but it is a very light tea. Not quite flavorful enough.
1,Terrible salty nightmare. No thank you.
1,Don't like the flavor or texture at all. Very dry and salty.
1,I prefer the none diet as they are only 50 calories and you get a full serving of fruit and vegetable .... you get nothing with this....
1,Please be careful in fact do not buy the Toffee Crunch cause there are two kinds one without the added protein and one with .The darker label is the one without the added protein but has more fat 11grams 13 carbohydrates and only 8 grams of protein. Make sure if your purchasing check the nutsnmore brand website to make sure there are no fake clones like Toffee Crunch
1,A creamy Potatoe soup with celery and very  little flavor, would not even classify it as a decent Potatoe soup.  No sign of clams or even a bit of clam flavor. Would not buy again.
1,These are like fruit roll ups made out of veggies. They have a plastic like texture which I didn't find appetizing. I'll stick to lettuce wraps.
1,7 of 10
1,These are not good! In fact, they are terrible! They taste like dough and they are extremely high in carbohydrates. I'm not sure how anyone can say these are good for you.
1,The tea had a strange burnt smell to it. I returned it, and after reading other reviews, I realize I'm not the only one who's been disappointed with this product.
