0,I love this.  I love everything about this!  I love that it's US made,  that is non harmful for my family,  I love the look and size and color.  There was enough room to fill it with utensil I had in two seperate racks  with room to spare.
0,Got this for my mom for her birthday. She uses it everyday for lunch. It works well. She just wished it was a little bigger.
0,I didn't necessarily have a need for this beaded scoop when I purchased it, I just loved the way it looked!  After receiving it and using it now for several weeks, I'm so glad I bought it and I'll likely purchase more with different bead colors!  I use it for many things including scooping chia seeds and matcha tea - very handy!
0,These were perfect for my windows. They give a perfect shadow when the room is lit. It looks great from outside, and even is fun looking from the inside
0,Great little step to help my wife and me get into my lifted Jeep. Sturdy and light.
0,My DAZZ 3-Compartment Pop-Up Sorter with Carry Handles arrived on time and in good condition.  I am very pleased with this product.  I have several of the single compartment clothes carrier, but I wanted to try this one out.  From the dryer I just throw everything in this carrier and take it to my folding table, from which I place the folded clothes back into this carrier but this time all separated, with each compartment designated to a certain place.  This really is a time saver as well.  The material seems to be very durable.  I only use this to carry clothes from the dryer, folded and unfolded.  I highly recommend purchasing this product.  I give this Dazz 3-compartment carrier a 5 star rating for being very practical.
0,These pillowcases are very soft and somehow verge on the texture of silk. They look very nice, but I was led by the picture to believe that the mocha stripe against the honey background would be more toward an off-center appearance. When on my pillow the mocha stripe is so far off the pillow that none of it appears on the pillow portion, I have to tuck it under the pillow to keep from whacking the tail (with stripe) as I sleep. Other than that, it looks nice, is solidly made and is soft which outweighs the stripe position.
0,Great size for one cuppers.  My only disappointment is I can't seem to fill the water full enough to fill my extra large coffee cup.  Still experimenting with that.
0,I wanted a good knife for cutting and chopping fruits and vegetables, and this set cost a little more than buying just one knife,  so I figured why not?		They say it's healthier to have different knives and cutting boards for different uses, so you don't use the same knife to cut cucumbers and tomatoes as you use to cut raw fish and chicken. These knives are super sharp, the covers make them safe to store, and the colors are great for telling me which knife is for what. I even bought a green cutting board to go with the little green knife, so I can see right away which knife and cutting board I need for fruits and vegetables.		This set is a good buy, and I would highly recommend it.
0,OMG! I don't have a heater in my house, just a space heater.... So I turn this on when I get home from work in the morning, by the time I go to sleep it's PERFECT! I seriously woke up and thought I had overslept but I woke up two hours early!
0,Beautiful night stands, I ordered two! Strong and sturdy, but OMG what a hassle to put together, too many little pieces of wood SIGH*	It took some time, maybe 1 hour per night stand, in the end it was worth it.
0,Is quite decent expresso at a bargain price.  You don't really have to let it heat up as long as they say.  It's not top of the line but it is also not top price either.  Good value. Easy to use.
0,I bought another one of these to keep at my boyfriend's place for when I sleep over. I have neck problems and this supports me perfectly.
0,i love u product i working ookay
0,Great shelf, exactly what we were looking for.
0,Works great as far as I can tell. I check this against me RCBS Beam Scale and it comes in accurately. It can measure so precisely with just a few grains of powder add to or taken away from the scale. I use the tray from the RCBS scale instead of the little tray that comes with this scale. Once it's zeroed with the tray, the scale doesn't care which tray is used. Be advised, since it is so sensitive, even a child walking by can make the scale change. Be sure to have still air, no a/c vents blowing on your work area, and keep your hands still while you wait for it to read the weight. I have heard some people say electronics in the area can throw this scale off. I have had no issues with cell phones, fluorescent light, or even remote control cars causing the scale to react. I have had to re-zero the scale multiple times while using it. Mostly in the beginning, while it "warms-up." Not an issue since a push of a button gets it back on zero. Much less work to zero than the beam scale:) Be careful with handling this fine instrument; it is delicate and you can overload little scales like this pretty easy. It comes with a storage box that is made of thick cardboard and closed cell foam insert. This box seems like it will last the life of the scale.
0,Finally! A large, proper bowl for Ramen.		Excellent packaging, too.
0,Love
0,I bought these for closet organization and to match others that I already had without clips.  I needed something with the velvet to hang skirts and capri's that I did not want to fold over a regular velvet hanger.  Nicely made and does the job.
0,It is large enough in the oversize king to fit my pillow top mattress, which is hard to find a comforter to fit. I am still undecided on the look of it though as it reminds me of flannel sheets. i thought it had gray in it but I'm not seeing any. More purplish and lavender with a mustard yellow. It is very warm.
0,It's hard to get a replacement for a Senseo coffee brewer.  There are many more expensive single serving brewers on the market.	However, as an original owner of a Senseo brewer have no desire to switch to a more expensive alternative.  When Phillips electronics	was the distributor these machines were available in Costco, Target etc.  Now with Sara Lee controlling their distribution	availability is so restricted...ugh!	This is the best brewer on the market.  Hope Sara Lee will opt to reintroduce it and make it more readily available.	From a VERY dedicated Senseo fan...
0,Does what it says it does. Price is pretty good for what I've found, I think this filter also lasts quite a bit longer than is advertised. It says 3 months, but I think you can sqeeze 4-5 out of it if you don't drink gallons of water a day.
0,They look lovely, strong and so very easy to install straight.
0,When I ordered this, I wasn't sure about the handles.  But once we started using it, we found we love the design.  Not only do the handles get less hot than the close-mounted type, I find it easier to lift when full of water.
0,Exactly what I needed to keep my little trailer toasty.  Ideal for small spaces. The fireplace effect is actually pretty realistic in the dark. It's pretty quiet too. I didn't hesitate after watching the video posted by another reviewer. I guess that sold me and I'm not disappointed. The space I'm using it in is very small so the lowest setting works very well. I don't like running the propane heater the trailer came with unless there's no alternative. I love the fire effect because it lends a cosy homey feeling. The heater is a little heavier than I expected but not too heavy to move and there's no danger of accidentally knocking it over. Heat blows out from bottom front vent.
0,This is such a cool, creative bus. My son (15 month old) loves it. We bought it to hold his legos. I really like that there are two storage locations. The small front one is easy to open (just a glap that lifts up) and it is the perfect size to put some legos for immediate use.  The main storage lid is harder to put on and off, which will be great for storing the extra blocks we don't want our son to take out.  I am amazed at how sturdy the box is. He can easily play on it without fear of collapse. After my son destroyed cardboard box after cardboard box, and chewed the cardboard up, its nice to have something so durable. I thought it might be gimmicky, but it really isnt. Highly recommend.
0,for a cheap soap dish, it works perfect!
0,Great for home made hot sauce. I used as a gift for Christmas and everyone loved it
0,Typical magnificent All-Clad quality.
0,HEAVY!!!!! It is BEAUTIFUL and very Well Made! It would be PERFECT as a Winter Comforter to keep a Springy Summery Vibe. I love it! Only Problem is,..my Husband likes his feet out so that means I end up with a TON of the heavy fabric on my side on top of me. BTW, The birds are NOT green. They are like a Tiffany Blue color.
0,I love Bayberry candles and this one is great.
0,Keep track of nutritional intake the easy way		The scale is a rather well designed unit with low profile and very sleek all glass top with included LCD display thats easy to clean and looks nice. It functions very much like other kitchen scales in operation and features, so if you had operated other kitchen scales, this is not that much different. What sets this scale apart, however, is how automatic it is in keeping track of our nutrition. Typically we would have to convert the nutritional content by hand calculation, but with the smartphone app, this tracks nutrition by simple select and weigh. The smartphone app will automatically tabulate and record the nutritional and caloric intake, and even make graphic records for easy reference nutritional content by simple weigh and identification of food items. The smart app does the rest, such as caloric calculation and nutritional value tabulations. It also creates profiles for each individual users in the household. Graphing feature makes tracking even simpler. Fantastic convenience with ease of use and elegant design.
0,received
0,I am truly amazed at how long the bread stays fresh in this thing. Yes there are holes in the bottom. Thats because you are meant to keep the bread in the bag and the holes allow for bottom air flow to eliminate negative pressure.
0,Perfect size and very absorbent, yet dries quickly. I have two and have been alternating them for the past couple years and they have held up perfectly. They still look new when they come out of the wash.
0,Works as expected. Love it!
0,worked great
0,Great product at a great price.
0,We have owned two of these, first one wore out, they are great and the stay warm function makes it one of the best kettles
0,I received the product and it was perfect! I used it for grilling and the grips on the gloves were perfect! These gloves also helped taking things out of the oven and there is no heat that goes through them. I actually decided to put it to the test and placed my hands on the top of the charcoal grill with the lid closed, I was able to leave them there for awhile before they even got warm, I would recommend these, they are not bulky at all and work well
0,We had this in the freezer about 10 seconds after it arrived so we could start making pops the next day.  I was disappointed the maker came with ZERO recipie suggestions, other than suggestions on what NOT to use. Ugh.  But a quick internet search turned up some funky ideas and we got right to work.  We were turning out multi-layered, multi-flavored pops in no time at all (my 6 year old and I).  We were very careful not to overfill, having read prior reviews and warnings.  Numersous pops later and we have yet to run into any difficulties.  I bought a shave ice machine at the same time for $12 (different store) and told my husband I felt I overpaid for that, but that this was worth every penny.
0,Love these.
0,My cordless shark requires these filters and the store where I bought it doesn't even sell the filter. Good price and they fit well.
0,I was worried it wouldn't work. Installed in minutes worked all winter, starting a new winter, it is well worth the money
0,I was pleasantly surprised to find such a high-quality Bruce down comforter at such a reasonable price. This is similar quality to $250-$300 comforter from a retail store.  Its lightweight and has good loft. We live in Florida, so we don't need anything heavy; but this keeps us warm even in the air conditioning.
0,Love it
0,Just what I needed for making sourdough bread starter!
0,My daughter loves it
0,These are just simple trays but they are exactly what I wanted.  I like to use a tray when watching TV while eating.  Perfect size for me.
0,Beautiful.
0,Very Nice, ask me again in a few weeks how they hold up, but very little "shedding" in the first wash, which many other brands seem to produce.
0,Love it, great for storing my envelopes. Great product durable
0,I absolutely love this cutting board. It is so easy to use and keep clean. I haven't had any problems with it and I basically leave it out all of the time.
0,It's plastic but maybe I missed that in the description but still a nice little cup
0,Great product!
0,I absolutely LOVE. This pan	I bought the same one from another manufacturer thinking I'd save money. It's junk!!	Buy this one
0,Nice and simple.  Does not take up much space either.
0,To install:	1.  Remove both tanks.	2.  Remove round sticky decal from hose carrier.  Remove 5 screws and carrier.	3.  Remove 3 screws on carrier side from wraparound body.  Remove 5 screws on cord side from wraparound body, AND one screw from inside the tank area..	4.  Wiggle body parts off -- they snap together.  You should be left with handle and motor housing.	5.  Remove 2 screws from handle, and 4 screws from body housing, and remove handle/housing.	You now have access to hose connections (3).  Slide off 2 small hose clamps, and tug, pull, cuss, the 2 hoses off the existing hose barbs.  This is the hardest part.  Slide out the main hose connection.	6.  Reverse steps to install new hose.		This is not THAT hard to do, and if you have done it before (I have), it will take you 30 minutes.  If not, one hour.		I gave it 4 stars because the handle/hose connection will probably crack again sooner or later.
0,Used along with guest book. Very cute for my beach wedding.
0,I was an owner of the original brewstation and its many faults (i.e. electrical, badly lit clock, turning on "magically" without my help. Well, I just bought the brewstation deluxe and Hamilton Beach must have listened to all the complaints about the original brewstation! It seems to be so much better than the original. It has sleeker look and is taller (for taller mugs) The clock just "glows!" It's great! It even has different brewing options, which is cool. It has an ice tea feature too! It also has a filter for a better tasting brew and a goldtone filter which is all standard(Just shake, open and pour!) I am crossing my fingers that nothing goes wrong, because I really like this newer version with all the kinks worked out of it. I hope everyone else has the same great results with it!
0,Love this throw.  I got the marigold, which is a soft gold color, perfect for spring.  Lightweight, seems well made.  Perfect for a light cover while sitting in my chair reading.
0,Extremely soft duvet set!  My girlfriend was looking for a clean and classic look for her bed-set and this cover set is perfect.  The sheets also feel like the ones at hotels.  Score.
0,Great bags
0,I bought these tongs as a gift because I like mine so much. Although I would have preferred a darker color I chose these tongs because they fold flat, are easy to store, and are made well. I use them as salad tongs and think the light color might stain easily from salad dressing.
0,It is light and fairly easy to use.  It cleans good also and is easy to clean
0,Cute little flask - I've bought a few for the guys in my family as a stocking stuffer gift.
0,These tongs are a wonderful upgrade from my previous tongs that all melted at one time or another or cause me to burn my hands. The rubber makes these tongs easy to grip as well as the rubber on the ends make grabbing food or boiling bottles and nipples easy to grasp! You can lock these babies in the closed position for storage by pulling the end piece or just leave them open and ready for gripping. I use and dishwash (top rack only) almost everyday for the last several months and they have yet to show any signs of wear. Great design and highly durable! I would recommend!
0,It works like a charm. Solid construction, logical execution and good looking as well. I would happily buy it again.
0,Pros: Great power and versatility!		Cons: Dirt canister is small so you have to empty it frequently, and the cord is really short.		Overall: you're getting a great handheld I love it.
0,This is a sturdy trinket box for a gift for the fisherman or a nice little coffee table box to hold the remote, mints or a deck of cards, especially for the price.
0,Corelle is great stuff.  As you would expect these plates are perfect.
0,Works really well and keeps coffee hot for about 2 hours and warm for up to 3.  It does not have a warming plate so the carafe itself is what keeps it warm.  Makes great coffee and so far no issues.  I did not want to buy one with the grinder included as those tend to break then you are stuck with a machine that has broken parts.  This was a total bargain IMO.
0,great baking paper. ... *shrug*.. it's paper :)
0,Works as expected!
0,This gets the job done. So maybe there are fancier ones out there, but I felt like I got what I paid for, so I'm happy :) We made zucchini and squash noodles then fried in a little bit of EVOO mixed with onion and garlic, added a dash of salt, some parmesan cheese and then topped with dice tomatoes. Better than pasta. Will make again and again. If this things ever breaks, I'll buy it again. So long as I can get a good amount of use out of it I would say it's worth the price. The style and ease of use is fantastic!
0,Easy for my daughter to open and close, don't leak so far, and the individual ice packs make it easy to pack cold stuff for lunch.
0,Great, sturdy containers and lids! They are great size for storage!
0,The fan does indeed product a decent amount of air movement and it is fairly quiet. The batteries are a bit tricky to install (put the 2 end batteries in loosely then install the middle one then push the whole set down). The AC adapter seemed sturdy and worked as advertised. I rated this 4 stars (not 5) for 2 reasons. First the hook on the handle wasn't included and lastly the construction was a bit flimsy. The grate over the fan blades felt like they would easily break if your for example the fan was  knocked off of a table. We'll be using this for camping this summer so if I remember I'll update this review at that time sharing how efficient the fan was from a battery usage standpoint.
0,This biscuit cutter lets you cut biscuits more efficiently, reducing waste and that tough dough that need to be refolded and cut again. It's easy to use and the basic right size.		Did you know in Appalachia they call biscuits cat heads? If you save a little dough maybe you could add ears to these biscuits and have the name make sense. I'm not sure how you'd make the whiskers.		If you're from England, where a biscuit is a cookie or cracker, you might want to know if this cutter would be good for those. For crackers and sugar cookies, I'd say yes. For peanut butter cookies, I'd say heck no! You make those with a fork you goof!
0,<div id="video-block-RBD1D9UKT5R98" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1JyolEJ3HS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1GsDqJ3D8S.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;This is a beautiful knife with such a nice wood handle! You can go from vegetables to any type of meat, so sharp you can do clean cuts. I'm a 100% satisfied with this quality knife!
0,good value - second one ordered
0,Perfect fit and color.
0,Heavy and sturdy cabinet. Great buy
0,I love this. I actually don't use it for my make up brush holder. I use it for my liquid make up and they fit perfectly in the compartments.
0,Purchased for friends who recently bought a boat. Fun gag gift.
0,Dip and chip are our favorite past time food, so this bowl, platter and double sided bowl works wonder when trying to feed a family of 5.
0,Very handy.  Cost $3.95 at Barnes and Noble.
0,We hung it on the back door to store my girls massive Barbie collection.  It works perfectly.  I did have to sew the opening tighter so that the Barbie's didn't lean too far forward.  It's perfectly sized for shoes though.
0,Bought this for our bathroom and attached it to the cabinet by the sink.  It looks very nice there and the arm swings out well.  I agree with other reviewers that the light is a bit dim, but the price is much less than anything else I've seen.  I gave it four stars because of the dim light.  If it would have been any more expensive I would have deducted another star, but I think it was a good purchase for what I paid.  If you have a bright bathroom and just want a magnifying mirror for makeup and chin hairs this will be a good for you.
0,Just what I needed to keep loose bottles from rolling and clunking around on my fridge shelves.  They are very stable on wire shelves and save space.
0,was perfect for what i needed it for...
0,Wonderful Halloween give-a-ways. Kids loved them.
0,Even though this has been designed to absorb moisture from small, enclosed areas I needed something to help take the moisture out of my very small windowless, ventless bathroom. I was not expecting miracles but I was extremely happy with the results. Since I placed it near the mirror I found the mirror cleared much faster with it than without. The only draw back is it needs to be plugged in for a long time to reset itself.		Since I technically abused the product to see its full potential using it for what it is designed for, small areas that are basically dry that you want to keep that way, this will do a fantastic job. Just check it once a week to be sure the crystals are not in need of drying. Your valuables will be moisture free.
0,This thing is neat! It effortlessly opens any kind of bottled beverage with a cork. And it's actually fun to use. Just clamp it around the neck of the bottle, Press the lever down, then back up. Viola!  And the packaging and presentation is top notch as well. We liked it so much, we bought one as a wedding gift. It also comes with a nice foil cutter and spare screw, which we never came close to needing because....		About six or so months of fairly heavy use (we make and bottle our own wine), one of the spring-loaded silver thingies popped out and rendered the device useless. I contacted the seller, and they were quick to replace the unit, along with a very nice gift. Customer support was fantastic, something many sellers could take heed of.		Oh, and make sure to review the instructions, and even their video if need be.		Apparently, there is or will be an updated unit coming soon, but with a warranty and service like the current version exhibits, I'm not worried. Definitely well worth the purchase prince. And, as I said before, fit and finish and presentation are unbeatable.
0,Super easy to put together. Great for our space.
0,Good quality silk tree. looks natural and expensive, especially with a good glazed clay container.
0,I'm a sucker for metallic purple looking things.  Came with a spoon...even better!  Keeps thy food toasty for consumption.
0,Love this things, very usuful.
0,Great item and super sturdy.  Have had several pairs of jeans and t-shirts hanging off of this, with no bend or torque.  My only complaint was that I couldn't figure out how to unfold it when it arrived.  I went to the website and it has a video on how to unfold it, however, that differs from the printed instructions that come with it.
0,Looks good and works great
0,Love these. They light up every night.  Not for functional lighting.  Most of my lights are white so this was a nice whimsical addition.  I did not expect much from these ... very pleasantly surprised.  Plastic flower heads.  Dark Green Wire.
0,Nice star, reasonably priced
0,Heats wicked fast...a perfect 175 degrees. Reliable and the removable base is very convenient. Great Electric Kettle! A++ !
0,good product
0,Very pleased with this dresser. Strong & sturdy. Not a scratch on any of the pieces. The only draw back was the middle brace panel was not in the box. Instead I received three of the same size end pieces. Made it work but someone who put the pieces in the box knew that it was wrong.
0,Thinner than I hoped but great color.
0,Absolutely love this bottle! Worth the price & it's such a great lid!
0,Great price and service,  purchased  for new bathroom,  everything I expected,
0,Beautiful Rachel Ray serving bowl.  Thanks so much.
0,A bit flimsy but what I expected for the price. And despite seeming flimsy, my toddler hasn't broken them despite pulling them off a couple times (they're above our changing table)... I've been keeping him away though because I don't anticipate these would stand up long term.
0,These sheets are absolutely terrific they are soft and feel good against the skin- the color is neutral and attractive and the pillowcases fit average pillows very well .They run a little large perhaps for a higher level mattress but that is not an issue for me these are great sheets for the price range. I want to buy more of the same
0,nice, flexible knife.
0,Absolutely excellent product for the money. It was packed so well, I have never seen a piece of furtniture packed so well before. Unfortunately there were a couple of pieces that had some minor damage. To my surprise I went on Sauder's website put some simple info in and in 3 days! the parts were at my door. I was extremely happy because I wanted it put together by Christmas for my mom and the parts came before Christmas. I always associated the Sauder brand with cheap products but this product for what it is (Particle board) is a top notch product.
0,I love this little gadget.  I put fresh herbs, garlic & cheaper wine (LOL) in the rim & chicken tenders & veggies on to grill.  Great!!  (Be aware & don't move it after it heats up, though, easily sloshes hot liquid).  Easy clean with the nonstick surface.
0,This popcorn popper pops all the kernals!!  I love it!  I don't use the top for butter as it doesn't melt the butter enough to go all over the popcorn.  I could melt it and when it is almost done...pour it in where the butter would sit.
0,Picture frame is great, it came fast and shipped in such a way to protect the glass well. The corners of the frame meet together nice with no gaps and it is a smooth finish with no chips or dents. Definitely made a great choice with this frame.
0,These curtains arrived as described, have good drape, pleasing leaf motif and keeps our living room insulated from the Pacific Northwest cold that would normally come through our deck-door slider.
0,Love it!
0,Do you have kids who go through 5 cups each a day?  Well, I do!!  My stepdaughters were driving me nuts and the hubby could be just as bad.  And no matter how many times I tried to stress rinse and reuse, or just reuse if it's just water, nothing worked.  But this past summer, we were visiting an aunts home (a former teacher and nun) who we had visited before and she assigned us our own cups while we stayed with her.		Well, I took that idea home with me and immediately moved all our regular cups and replaced it with individual cups for every person in the house including even my toddler.  I've since added a few extra water bottles, but for the most part, I am no longer washing a gazillion cups in the dishwasher everyday.		I could have just used regular cups, but I prefer these cups b/c it allowed me to label the cups (b/c you know even with cups, there will be a riot if one person accidently uses someone else's cup!) and they are double walled to prevent water condensation b/c only a mom cares about water rings on wooden furniture.
0,Great for the office.  my employee's love these sturdy stir stick.  Don't use plastic spoon anymore!
0,I bought this to personalize with HTV as a wedding gift. The bride loved it!
0,ok
0,Like them... no complaints at all.
0,Crystal clear plastic, thick and durable. This is not flimsy _at all_.  Really designed for the needs of various shaped make-up items. I'm not big on lipstick so its awesome that the lipstick tray can be removed. (I ended up using it to store stud earrings and loose pendants.) I may end up giving it to a friend and getting the larger version for myself. It is definitely worth the money!
0,Thoughtfully engineered and well made. Works like a champ. A great addition to your kitchen tools arsenal. Well sized so storage is not a problem. Glad I chose this one.
0,working great so far, only had it for a short time.
0,I couldn't make nice poached eggs and saw this product.  I love it and my poached eggs look	professional.
0,Excellent quality - highly recommend.
0,Excellent assortment of shells. Love them!
0,Breville filters are expensive. We tried these and were just as good for a substantially lesser price! Win win!
0,Works like a charm. Easy to install and seems very durable (being metal and all).
0,Nice salad tongs - much better looking than the plastic.
0,Great
0,I've bought 3 - 4 garlic presses this year and must have superhuman grip, because I keep breaking them. I've used this one multiple times, never put it in the dishwasher, and am very happy with how it presses. It is very efficient and doesn't waste any of the clove like my other presses did.
0,As with all their rugs it comes rolled up. The only solution I can find to help flatten it out is to use gallon jugs of water and place them on the edges. Beautiful rug...just wish it would lay flat easier.
0,It's your typical latex backed bathroom rug set. No different than the ones I have had over the years. Wash on gentle and dry on low. Bought them 2 months ago and washed them 3x with no problems.
0,backup for recently purchased machine
0,My only issue with this clock is that it's not incredibly bright at certain angles. We have it on the mantle as kind of a discreet way to keep track of time and it looks very clean and minimalist, but when we are sitting on the couch, sometimes we can barely read it. I found playing with the angles helps a lot, and we finally put a little piece of felt under the back half to angle it perfectly, but that's kind of a pain.		Otherwise, great clock. Love that it sets automatically, gives the temperature and humidity of the room, and has moon phases.
0,enclosed on a new box spring. Easy to slide on. I don't know exactly how effective it is because I'm using it as a precautionary measure because I heard there's issues in other apartments. I've spent too much money on this bed to take a chance.
0,Love, Love, Love this dutch oven! I have been wanting one for a while... but just couldn't justify the price. Well, Prime Day changed all that. This dutch oven is HEAVY (like all cast iron cooking ware) ... but it is one of those purchases that will last a lifetime (if you take care of it). I've used it twice already and my meats come out tender and juicy!! Pot roast will forever be better with this dutch oven! Go from the refrigerator (think marinading) to the stove (browning) to the oven!		I know there are a lot of reviews already, but I hope you found something beneficial and helpful from mine!
0,BEST hair catching solution for the tub I've ever seen. My son and I both have long hair and with daily showers the drain was getting completley clogged every few months, even with another device in place. Hair clogs are the WORST to remove, time consuming and gross. This device fits inside the drain opening, while our previous device sat on top of the drain opening. The TubShroom catches hair that slipped by the other device. MUST clean after every use but it literally takes less than 10 seconds.
0,I take hot water and fill up the classes with the water one minute before I use them for my morning cappuccino. This gets them nice and warm, then I fill with the espresso and frothed milk. My cappuccino stays nice and hot due to the double walled design. I have not had any problems with breakage or chipping. They seem very well made. Also, the size is great for my espresso machine.
0,Excellent product , comes with 4 screws and wall mounts.  Perfect !!
0,This bamboo divider is beautiful.
0,love it
0,My husband loves to cook so I bought this special set for him. It's a manly set of cookware. He loves it. Says it heats equally and I think it cleans up easily. You won't regret this purchase.
0,very perfect
0,It was an excellent buy at a great price
0,Not to bad, I can live with it. The reason I give it a 4 star is because the sheets do not match the comforter. The sheets have a green tint to them, it's an obvious difference that the shades of grey do not match. However, packaging was really good, and the sheets are soft. These would be good for a teens room.
0,This pillow is really helping straighten out my leg. I have bad sciatica pain and was using a regular pillow as a knee pillow for a while, but there is really no comparison. The firmness of the pillows allows to maintain the proper alignment and decrease the hip shifting and getting out of place (I have hyperflexibility so the hip gets stuck). This pillow has been really great and I've really noticed a difference even after using it for only about a week. At first, it was unusual sleeping with it, but I am getting more and more used to it every night and I feel better with it than without.
0,work great, much cheaper on amazon than at store
0,Ingenious! Even I can use these bag sealers and I'm pretty stupid. Just ask my husband. Then again, he thinks everyone is stupid. Come to think of it, I did have to show him how to use it. Really smart man but can't change a light bulb. I swear to God. I have proof. Never mind. My son bought me these when he saw them at his girlfriend's mother's house. Knowing what a gadget freak I am, he had to get me some. Not because I'm stupid but because he's an engineer and admires perfectly simple, useful and well-designed items. And, except for the one the dog tried to eat when my back was turned, they are indestructible. And she didn't destroy it. Just nibbled it barely. Vet says she'll be fine. Brilliant design. I'd like to see them in several sizes instead of the three I have. Maybe they could design one to fit the human mouth. Just sayin'..........
0,fits my handle on my lodge chicken fryer great, keeps my hand from getting burnt
0,Loved them so much I ordered another set. Only thing thag could possibly make them better -Wish I could change the labels. I need sugar, flour, light brown sugar, dark brown sugar, confectionery sugar, and then cookies I guess. But I ignore the labels and store all those things between my two sets. :)
0,Does a su.perb job on carpets with dog hair. Only minus is the high pitched sound emanating from the charger. Had to move it to basement it was so annoying
0,Love it. Will be using for making embeds for bars of soap. I think it's gonna work well. It was pretty easy to remove ice so I think it will work just fine.
0,these were perfect for organizing my bathroom. I just got more to do the same with my kitchen
0,Looks good
0,Perfect for what I need a it for. I need to contact the seller but can't figure out how
0,One tough bucket, so if you are reading this, this is the one your want to get; will last till you're old.
0,Good
0,Really really like these.
0,This strainer is great a trapping hair so our showers won't clog.  It fits a standard drain well and is a great price.
0,Great space doors come out very easy (almost to easy) but great for price
0,Super easy to assemble. Good quality item. I like the large size and it fits my cable box under and 39" TV stand easily on top.
0,beautiful soft sleek sheets
0,I LOVE this bag!!!
0,perfect size
0,works great with the CLEAR2o.
0,So far so good.
0,Would be better if it had a drain but it does the trick.
0,Very handy, quite practical
0,I had a tricky item to put up--a glass suncatcher that weighs about four pounds--and a very small space to put a hook for it. These fit the bill precisely and have been holding up my suncatcher for a couple of weeks now.
0,First off, there weren't any reviews...I decided to wing it after getting a headache reading reviews on the Shark navigator, Hoover t-series rewind Uh70210, and the bissell prolite, which I actually owned before this weekend and sucking up a sheet that killed the brush motor (prolite).		I was able to put hands on all three before I settled for the Bissell Triology. I will review triology after I explain why I didn't buy the other three.		The shark navigator :&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Shark-Navigator-Upright-Bagless-Vacuum-Cleaner-NV22L/dp/B002IPHBNE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Shark Navigator Upright Bagless Vacuum Cleaner, NV22L</a>&nbsp;major complaints were that it tipped over very easily, a small cleaning path, no edge cleaning, also their customer service seemed to be horrible, lifetime filter get so dirty doesn't seem to last very long,		Why I might buy a shark: extension range with attachments, the small cleaning path would be good for tight spaces.		Bissell prolite:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/BISSELL-PROlite-Multi-Cyclonic-Upright-Vacuum-Bagless-17G5/dp/B002IBACDE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">BISSELL PROlite Multi-Cyclonic Upright Vacuum, Bagless, 17G5</a>complaints seemed to consist of poor connection issues with hose and attchements. The extra arm constantly falls off during cleaning, wheels run funny on hard surfaces, Cord length being 25 ft., no washable Hepa filter, no inboard attachments, automatic height adjustment??? Can't figure out how it adjusts...never felt the difference.		Why I owned a Bissell prolite: light and quiet, good suction, easy to clean.		Hoover rewind T-series UH70210:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Hoover-WindTunnel-T-Series-Pet-Rewind-Plus-Upright-Vacuum-Bagless-UH70210/dp/B002HFA5F6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Hoover WindTunnel T-Series Pet Rewind Plus Upright Vacuum, Bagless, UH70210</a>complaints were short hose and the plastic felt cheap, poor dirt cup design.		Why I might buy a Hoover: longer cord than the Bissell prolite at 27 ft, automatic cord  rewind(although if it were to break...?), people generally were pleased, cheaper than the above 2 vacuums, headlight, height adjustment		Bissell Triology:		Pros:	- dirt cup has two areas, inner for dust and the outer ring of cup is for big stuff	- head light	- tools on board and the crevice tool is stored in the wand extension...very cool.	- solid feel to parts and the wheels roll nice on hard surface and carpet	- height adjustment the user can control..makes transitioning easier because an auto adjustment will never be perfect and manually adjusting height will allow you to control it.	- 30 ft cord!!	- really big cleaning path, makes vacuuming go faster	-great on my tile floor! Doesn't kick dust up.	-great suction at edge around baseboards etc.	- great suction!		cons:	- heavy not great for stairs	- loud	- only one washable filter, the other you have to replace	- after dirt cup is taken out the inner cyclone if dirty will get the vacuum dusty...hard to explain this one. Check it out in the store you'll see what I mean. Not a deal breaker!		I gave it 4 stars because of the noise. The heaviness is an issue but I feel it won't tip over, and won't break because it is so sturdy. It feels well made, not like some of the cheap ones out there. When the vacuum is turned on it almost feels like it is self propelled.		I'll update if needed in a few months. I have a cat and two young kids, carpet and tile floors. I vacuum at least once if not twice a week.		Update: June 3, 2013	I recently sold my vacuum and purchased  a Shark lift away Rotator<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Shark-Navigator-Elite-Professional-Lift-away-Rotator-Model-NV501/dp/B0091JG0LY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Shark Navigator Elite Professional Lift-away Rotator - Model NV501</a>&nbsp;It's not because of the bissells performance but that we moved to a two story house. The Bissell is great for large carpet areas and one story houses. I still support my earlier review. I just needed something lighter and easier to use on stairs.
0,These tables are exactly what I was looking for.  I had a similar set that I loved but they needed to be replaced.  These tables are light but sturdy enough to get the job done.  I was also impressed that I received them the day after I ordered them.  Nice tables and I'd definitely buy them again if needed.
0,Exactly what I expected and for a good price!
0,great buy
0,This works great - and is perfect for traveling.  It spits water a little, but still totally worth it
0,Beautiful wooden frame at a reasonable price. I'm very pleased.
0,So beautiful.  Nicely crafted... purchased as gift, she loved it. The colors are wonderfully bright and great size.
0,I love it
0,Fit as expected, appears spill resistant based an mayerial and makes no noise.
0,LOVE this pan and so glad I bought it.  I LIKE the "pebbly" surface - I think that probably causes less sticking, though I've had none so far, anyway.  Well-made and really big - perfect for cooking for 6-8 people or more.
0,Fit perfect
0,Ordered 2...one for me and one as a gift.  Both beautiful and look lovely.  The color of the salt mass is beautiful and each was a bit different.  I've left it lit since it arrived, and I definitely feel a sense of well-being and calmness.  Arrived well packaged and promptly.  It's the "real deal"!
0,very sturdy!! Easy to put away and set up.
0,Used to strain home made yogurt, worked great!  Easy to clean as well!  Love them!!
0,These are supposed to be for kids.  Two minutes for one teeth brushing session.  But, because I use timers for tasks a lot, I decided to give it a try.  VERY helpful.  Brushing teeth is boring.  Brushing teeth for two minutes is REALLY boring.  However, I think the extra time is beginning to show its worth.  I'm giving these out as stocking stuffers for our grown kids.
0,Bought some accessories similar to this at target and when I moved I needed a shower curtain. Matches and looks good
0,We love!  Lighten up the shower and we really like the quality.
0,I love this adorable Olaf funtainer, and my 3 year old loves it too. This Olaf bottle is just cheering up my kids every day. I usually put milk in this bottle. My son is not a big milk drinker, but because of this bottle, he drinks more milk for me. The trick is, he wanted to press the button to have the straw popped up. He took a sip, close the lid, and repeat the process. He found it very interesting.		Not to mention this funtainer keeps cold drink cold for many hours, so I don't have to worry about milk left in the bottle. I add an ice cube to make sure the content stays cold for longer. Cleaning is easy, I take out the parts and tossed in upper dishwasher rack. It's pricey but it worth every penny!
0,Very attractive and all metal with padded feet. I didn't want a chintzy plastic ORB waste can in the bathroom after remodeling it. I am very pleased with this one and would recommend it. The color is right on too. It did arrive just loose in an overly large box with no padding at all, so I can see how easily it could be damaged in shipping like other reviewers complain. I was lucky mine arrived without a blemish. It's weird because Amazon packages everything else I receive from them so darn well.
0,Like Goldilocks, I finally found the JUST RIGHT coffee scoop.		I am endeavoring to change over to the reusable K-cups and find an ease of use, as well.  It's been a bit of hit and miss, but finally, this scoop does the job of refilling said K-cups without a lot of spillage.  I really hate those coffee grounds finding their way into all those nooks and crannies.		The handle on this is long enough to leave in my new Friis 16-Ounce Coffee Vault and still close it.  Definitely win-win.
0,very awesome. it fits most of my shoes. it was kind of hard to get together bwecause you have to lign up everything exacgly perfect of itll fall apart. but other then that its amazing. fits right in my closet
0,Looks expensive
0,I stuffed this into my barefoot running shoes left in my car to eliminate the odor.  Don't smell any more ever since.
0,Good
0,I purchased this as a gift for my brother. I can't wait to give it to him. It's a beautifully crafted, unusual item. It arrived in perfect condition and had no weird smell that some reviewers have referenced.		I washed it in warm soapy water, like I would wash anything I would eat or drink out of, and to make sure it didn't leak. (It didn't) It arrived in a cool burlap bag and I'm not even going to wrap it. The horn stand fits perfectly and securely and will look very nice displayed in his bar area. I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a true one-of-a-kind gift.
0,excellent  works great
0,Very nice!  Color is rich and they look good. I had bought another set from Homegoods that were too heavy and made the room dark. These aren't sheer at all, but they don't block out all light.  These were super wrinkly in the packaging but after ironing I love them. I'll buy my other curtains from this seller.
0,This is a nice size hamper, with plenty of ventilation so I don't worry about something that is damp being thrown in it.  Easy to move around.
0,Works like a charm.
0,This is my favorite lunch box ever. It fits a surprising amount of items, given the fact that it is slightly stretchy. Great idea and I love that it is washable. Everyone at work loved it. It is easy to carry, thanks to the handles and it does keep stuff cold. I use small, flat ice packs to keep cool food cold, but stuff that is frozen (like tamales or soup), stays frozen for hours. I hope these are still around if this one eventually wears out, because I will definitely want to keep one of these on hand.
0,+Good quality	+Sticky/Grippy	+Durable	+Would buy again for sure
0,Small fit in palm of hand		See pictures below		Only going to use for decorative
0,thanks, very useful to carry on.
0,This was such a great innovative idea!  It is perfect for my desk space at work as it is such a dry environment in there.  Works wonderfully, you can really see the water vapor in the air just like in the picture!  And I see a great amount of water decrease in my bottle through out the day.  Definitely worth buying if you are considering one.
0,I was looking for an alarm clock that glowed blue. I received it about 2 weeks ago (Oct 2015) Great alarm clock. Easy to read in the dark (including on the dimmest setting). Easy to set. If you know how to set an alarm clock you will most likely not need to read the instructions. Good reception too.
0,great!
0,Great tool! It's a lot bigger than I pictured, about the size of my bread machine, so my tiny kitchen with little counter space is feeling a little crowded. But, so far, I'm very happy with it. It's easy to keep clean and cooking from scratch is fun! I've made a couple of good chicken recipes--frozen to done in 20 minutes, plus release time. Also, slow-cooker mac & cheese. Am enjoying the best yogurt for breakfast this week. Made black bean soup from dried beans in less than half an hour. But, warning:  that silicone seal ring really does hold onto garlic and cumin odors! No soaking in vinegar or baking soda helped. I finally put it in a Ziploc bag and bought a replacement that will be used with non-stinky recipes. This pot was definitely worth the money. I've recommended it a few times in the month it's been in my kitchen, and my sister knows what she wants for Christmas this year.
0,No complaints on this shower curtain yet! It feels so sturdy compared to the curtain I owned before, and after a couple months it is still new and clear looking. The holes it's held by are very strong as well.
0,These are LARGE so measure your space!! otherwise really great.  Hold a lot and are good quality.  A+
0,WOW!  I have missed a REALLY GOOD can opener for years!  When did they come out this this one?  I love using hand-held openers (for a variety of reasons) and I always used OXO, but as of late my OXO kept skipping and not opening correctly  - VERY frustrating, to say the least.  I could not find another OXO (similar to my old one) so looked elsewhere.  Then I found the Zyliss.  > ...music of angels plays in the background ...< OMGOODNESS is this a smooooooth mamba-jamba!  It is even BETTER than my original OXO and that was pretty stinkin' smooth.  I will have to get my mother (who has RA) one of these because it takes absolutely ZERO EFFORT to use.  I can't praise this company enough on how wonderful this can opener is.  And you thought it was *just* a can opener ...  NO WAY!!!  I may even stock-up on these, just in case ... ABSOLUTELY DELIGHTFUL!!!  ............. THANK YOU DKB!!!
0,Love it
0,Beautiful set!
0,FUNCTION:	These are amazing if you do any baking. They're a money saving and eco friendly alternative to pastry sheets, and they make it possible to bake more without greasing your baking surface.
0,I purchased this set of four 5" and four 3" risers to replace the legs of a lounge.  My cats love lounging on the lounge; however, one of them (the quite elderly Missy) has trouble hoisting herself up there.  So, I removed the lounge legs and replaced them with the four 5" risers.  They are very sturdy.  Sometimes I sit on one end of the lounge, and I feel quite secure.  The cats now easily hop up and down.  Should the quite elderly Missy have trouble in the future, I can swap out the 5" risers for the 3" set.
0,Make no mistake about it. This hardwod (walnut) cutting board is, simply stated, top notch quality in both materials and "workmanship". I put a quote on the word workmanship because there's little question these are machine made. Nonetheless, It's a beautiful and highly functional cutting board. I got the mid sized board and while it's not of adequate size for a typical family's holiday Turkey; unless it's just a turkey breast, it's still large enough to be functional for many relatively large items (e.g., a boneless or standing rib roast for a party of 6 or even possibly eight). The grooves around the border are sufficiently deep to capture the juices derived from the carving of that or another comparable roast. Finally, the embossed letter provides the look and feel of a special made to order item.		We have a similar cutting block counter in our kitchen that covers about a third of our kitchen counter space and like that hard wood, following the care instructions and using the proper type of oil each and every month, whether or not you use the board will help assure that the board retains the like new appearance for the remainder of your life and have a nice personal item for one of your estate's beneficiaries.		A set of three (small, medium, & large) would be very impressive for your dinner party and any or all of these boards would make for a most memorable wedding gift.
0,These are so awesome! It's the first automatic mills I've used, and they're wonderful.
0,I love it
0,Great product very good price I recommend
0,This product has come in handy many times.  I use it to cut dough into smaller pieces, scrape my cutting board clean, and sometimes to push loose dough together into a ball.  It's sturdy and so far, no rust at all.  A good size for all my uses.
0,Makes awesome mini-cupcakes, but mostly I use the pan for mini-fritattas.	Nonstick, but I prime anyway with coconut oil spray.
0,We have 3 of these, I like them. Like that I don't have to use tools, but I never seem to get them pushed in straight, and my shelves are always uneven. Very durable and you can fit a lot on them.
0,Really good, surprised when they first came in flat and lifeless, but once I opened the package I was happy to see no real damage.
0,Solid construction, no sharp points, could be higher (longer "feet"), fits perfectly into jelly pan.
0,I thought this color would be too childish, but it's actually more adult than I thought, I'm much happier with it than I expected in that regard, in fact really happy I ordered in instead of something more common.  It's easy to keep clean.  I just rinse and go mostly (did I just admit that?).  It is totally leak-proof and has a little lock on it so I'm double-extra sure it won't accidentally open.  It's narrow enough to fit in my tiny Asian-size Mazda cupholder.  Drinking out of it works because a spring keeps the attached lid flipped back and there's a little lip inside that you put your mouth on to drink, which works perfectly.  I might deduct some fraction of a point for not being the drinking-comfort equivalent of my favorite mug...but maybe not because it's so much cooler than my favorite mug.		I have one complaint about this mug.  It kept my coffee so hot from the time I brewed it at 10am until I (tried) to drink it at 2:30pm that I couldn't drink it today because I forgot to add an ice cube.		A-May-Zing.
0,Bought this to use in a Boudoir Session, legally I can't post photos from it but it was exactly as described and worked perfectly!
0,I love these pepper mills!  I have several and have given them as gifts!  They are easy to use and to set the grind and they look great.  They hold a good amount of pepper corns so filling is not really frequent.  These mills are sturdy and last!  I highly recommend them!
0,I've had this exact grinder for about 7 or 8 years and have never had a problem with it. I'm looking at one now to give as a Christmas gift.  No complaints here.
0,Love my little Ninja.  Does everything I need it to (chops nuts, juices fruit, etc.).  Be careful of blade when washing...  it is very sharp.  Easy to use and clean.
0,ok
0,So cute. I can't wait to set this up in my Village.
0,This product is just gorgeous! Great for a couch throw. Great price as well!
0,Nice look, strong structure, a worthy purchase.
0,was not sure if the "Dyson V8 animal cordless" would work for our purpose based on reviews. after using it for almost 2 months, totally love the vacuum and threw out my 30+ year old Miele canister. the Dyson picked up a lot more fur from the rugs than the Miele did.  a full charge without using the extra suction setting (not needed) cleans our 1,200 sq. ft apartment with oriental rugs and an inside cat in the home with one bar of power to spare (25 minutes). tried the extra suction setting and it does drain the battery really fast.  it really is not needed for anything I could find so far. the attachments are very useful especially with a long-haired cat around. pushing the on-button does not require any strength but a bit too easy to turn on the vacuum by accident, especially when opening to empty, more of an annoyance, though. the electric floor and furniture brushes are wonderful and easy to clean when cat hair gets wrapped around the cylinder brushes. the see-through covers on the power brushes are very helpful to see when a rug gets wrapped inside, but it does not damage the rug as it shuts off right away, unlike the Miele that used to easily damage the rugs when that happened.	my only complaint so far are the "washable filters" which really is a joke considering the price of the unit.  one should either get a 2nd set with the machine since the manual states it takes 24 hours to dry them (though my guess it will take a lot longer) or their construction should have allowed them to dry quicker. it will be necessary to have a second set ready... It would have been nice, too, if there was another holder for the extra parts, again, given the price.
0,Little one loved it!
0,Spiffy grater with attachment to catch what you grate, only down side is the large size.  I was hard for me to find a place for it in my kitchen.
0,Was as expected. Easy transaction.
0,Good job
0,Such a high quality pillow cover. It's see through a bit but not a problem. You just have to use inserts with a light colors.  I'm getting another pair for kids room. I love to cuddle with it!
0,very satisfied
0,Really like these.
0,Beautiful. Very detailed.  Bought this for my husband because we just had a baby.
0,These are great little popsicle molds.  Easy to pour into and remove when ready for a frozen treat.  Bought these to make treats for my husband how  loves frozen fruit juices.  These work perfectly.  Made well,  I m pleased with them.
0,Awesome. Very comfortable. I have had others and every piece of lint or hair usually sticks to them no matter what you do or how many times you clean them. But not this one. Recommend
0,It's a bread box. holds bread and keeps it fresh. no mechanical parts to cut or break. the clear lid is a nice touch. you can see what's inside, so no more losing bits and pieces of loaves in the refrigerator. too large for my counter, but very happy on top of an elfa set of sliding baskets.
0,I'm very glad that I chose these plastic cups over the many that were listed. I liked the swirl design, and the size is good for ice tea with the summer coming. But, the exceeded my expectations. They are really lovely, attractive and pretty enough for guests but sturdy, easy to hold for the grandkids. I run them through the dishwasher on the top shelf and then can stack them in the cabinet to save space. I made a smart move in every way when I made this purchase.
0,Just as good as the Meile G/N bags and less expense...
0,3.26.2014 I got it in the mail today and so far it seems sturdy and very nice. I will give another update in about two months to see how it holds up in the outside weather.
0,nice quality / shipped fast
0,Performs exactly as they should	I use them often
0,We put these on the oven racks and put dishes and utensils that we have hand-washed on them. They are thick and absorb the moisture from very wet dishes and also are somewhat rigid, so they're easy to move around.
0,just right for two people
0,At first I thought this was creepy but then I just loved it above my bed, I love Alice and this reminded me as to why.
0,I have a regular mattress with a 3 inch memory foam topper and most of my fitted sheets would slip off the mattress during the night.  These work very well to keep the fitted sheet on the bed.  They are criss-crossed under the mattress and the clips hold tightly.
0,Great in all regards except the colors are tacky and garish. And what for? You're going to use the holiday colors one day a year, and for that Fourth picnic you're only needing two? None of the color options is something I'm going to tolerate in my kitchen. The pink is okay, but again, what do I do with two? They're going to Goodwill so someone with terrible taste can enjoy them.	I love the more subtle and intricate coloring of the "original premium tie dye" (see ASIN B00RMEGULA)  ones, but those guys skimped on production costs by making them 10% smaller and pretty thin walled. As a result they're a pain to pull out of the muffin pan and they don't hold a round topped muffin properly.	These ones here are properly sized for standard muffins and work much better. Can we get a redesign for some actually groovy swirled colors that people will love encountering every day?
0,Can't wait to use these on turkey!		I've seen a restaurant use something similar for shredding Carnitas, and thought it made quick time of the work.  These are very  much like those claws.  I thought I'd be using them similarly for pork or shredded beef, but the big surprise was that I used them on roast chicken.		I had an especially large baked bird and I wanted to lift it while leaving pan juices in the pan and not try and tip it out.  Usually I do the completely non culinary method of a big fork inside the cavity and lifting with a spatula.  Really not elegant and sort of tears up the bird.  One time I was desperate and just used potholders to lift it out on the dry sides.  Still, not perfect. Last week, I remembered these and put them on and SECURELY lifted the bird off the rack and to a carving board. Simple, simple, simple.		From then, I left these on the counter and again used them on the barbeque to do the same thing.  It is a more secure lift and safer too.		I'm eager to use this on the turkey I do this week, because it's so much heavier and we always have issues moving it and keeping the pan juices in place.		They seem simple but like Post-It notes, really helpful and now a necessity		Be sure to keep them away from your kids: they WILL want these immediately upon sight but the tips are sharp.		Rec'd from manufacturer for review consideration
0,I am a chef -Great knife great price my wife and I both use it, it has been used at least 4 days a week for the last 5 months and still sharp I haven't had to use the steel on it either. Well balanced it is perfect at, heavy enough for large items but light enough for small quick dicing.
0,We purchased the St. Joseph statue and placed  in the ground like it said to do, it was about 4 months but the house was sold. But when we tried find him in the ground he was gone, what a mystery.
0,Well painted, good quality! Ordered from seller again.
0,Not as thick as I was anticipating it to be, but overall the pillow is very comfortable!
0,Love these straws!!
0,Heck of an efficient fan. I believe I will order another one soon. Quieter than both of my tower fans.
0,Bought this to replace a paper cooking temperature article that was showing its age.  Really like the product -- nice, heavy duty metal -- perfect for the fridge.  Looks much nicer than the paper version cut out of a cookbook!
0,The entire unit is a little bigger than I expected.  It takes up more space than I would like, but it is a beautiful and functional piece.
0,I found this to be perfect for tuning up a "Select steak" from the grocery store. It doesn't make it "Prime" but it comes close. The great thing is the steak doesn't show the tenderizing.
0,Awesome size will cook up my krupuk perfectly
0,This stuff is great.  I get cheap rugs and back them with this, then when the rug gets nasty I can save the backing, throw the rug, and get a new rug for the backing.
0,The couple I sent it to for their wedding present think it's great, and have been using it every day!
0,Nice quality curtains for my front window. The color is perfect and I feel like it helps hold in the coolness when I have the air conditioner on.
0,This is a great thing to keep in the vehicle at all times. I can use it anywhere ( plugs right into the DC outlet). The cord is long enough for me to reach my whole SUV including the third row and cargo area. No more kid messes in my vehicle!
0,love it. easy to mount under my cabinet. hold the paper towels. easy to put roll on and empty  off
0,I got this for my 5 1/2 yr old son who was beginning to get interested in telling time. It helps him get up for school in the morning interdependent, he can push the time foot at anytime to hear the time spoken to him he loves it. I love that that analog display is larger then the digital so he can practice seeing the hand positions. It was VERY easy to program and the game is simple but you have to stay near the clock with it plugged in and the back panel open to play because you have to push the GAME button each time they are done guessing so it's not easy for them to play with it on there own. it's not like they can take it around the house and play with it. All in all I like it for the function it's intended for, to tell time, wake him up and be a fun way to tell time. The nightlight function is wonderful too it's bright enough without being too bright. VERY Happy with this purchase  :-)
0,This is a multi-use scissor. We have our kitchen scissor bu it tdoesn't do the job like this scissor. It can be seperated and clean easily. Love it!
0,Perfect
0,I am very happy with this product. As most of us bought this product for freezer organization and it does a wonderful job. these bins are heavy duty and very good quality. They are pretty deep i can place two 10lb page of frozen chicken and stack another bin on top. I will highly recommend this product. The product came on time and was packed carefully.
0,Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful!  Looks great on light oak flooring!
0,I always have problems with mitts being so long that my fingers don't reach the end and the material bends into whatever I am picking up. These fit my small hands perfectly. I bought a second one after finding out they were the perfect size for me.
0,Started using this the day it got here and haven't stopped.  It's quiet, easy to clean, holds a good amount and works very well.  We got it to makes jerky treats for our dogs due to the issues with the stuff currently on the market (dogs are having major health issues from it and even dying).  Then we started wrapping rawhide sticks in beef and chicken and drying that.  It's saving us a ton of money!  We have also made some dried fruit -- right now I'm waiting for the apricots and pears to be done.		I would recommend this product to anyone!!!
0,This is solid heavy duty piece .... Forget about the other models this is the one to get ...
0,This little fan heats up my large bedroom. It's comes in handy in the late fall or inbetween boiler heat ups or when the boiler comes on automatically. Can't do without it.
0,I have other T-fal skillets but truly enjoy using this one--a very even heat.
0,I love this and have used it often.  The plus is that it is the warmest/hottest one I have ever experienced.  It is hotter than most heating pads on the highest setting, which is great for my multiple arthritis locations and to warm my frozen fingers ( due to Raynaud's).  However, this very advantage is also its biggest "con".  It gets hot enough to burn and would be dangerous for anyone with reduced sensation or inability to move.  It even smelled like it was on fire the first couple uses.  If you can use it safely, it can be great.
0,Excellent
0,So easy to assemble and perfect for what I was looking for. Not the best for very heavy items but perfect for a few books, notebooks and things of that nature.
0,I went a head and gave this product a 5. I am SO picky about water taste that unless the water came straight from a spring I will probably always find fault. Comparing my tap water to the filtered water there was a huge improvement. The "bottle" was extremely easy to put together and fit well into my table top cooler after removing the collar. I honestly don't have any complaints. The water doesn't filter fast or slow and who cares as long as you add more before the bottom runs out. There was a bit of a flavor still left after the water first filtered but over night it seems that most of that flavor is gone. If I had drank the water a bit cooler I probably wouldn't have tasted anything.
0,Our daughter is getting married in a few weeks and thought these would be really cute to add to a gift bag for her and husband.  They were delivered in a timely fashion and were as cute as they looked on-line.  Definitely a clever gift idea for newlyweds.
0,love Frank Lloyd Wright designs and these are great.  I could not find these designs anywhere else.
0,Great little vacuum cleaner. I've owned it now for several month and it still works great
0,I ordered this insert to fill a standard decorative pillow bed sham. So many other inserts that I had purchased did not fill out the sham and left it looking sad and wilted with floppy corners. This insert was as described and filled out the sham beautifully.  It is plump and round and smooth fills out to the corners of the sham - I bought an insert that was 28" wide to fill the 26" sham as I was advised.  While the insert is nor meant to be a sleeping pillow, it has so far survived many nights of my boyfriend laying on it belly down watching TV and of leaning out it to read - the pillow still looks fresh and plump.  I am very pleased with my purchase and will be buying a second insert for the other sham.
0,The assembly takes about 10 minutes and very easy. It is very sturdy and strong. Iam very happy with this purchase.
0,Very narrow, can't put big books on it.
0,love it
0,love it.  perfect for kids and adults
0,Looks nice but was somewhat larger than I considered (does not fit neatly behind the toilet like my old brush does, but obviously since it has both the brush and the plunger together in one piece.
0,These spoons work fine for the odd sized measurement you get from scaling recipes up or down.  They're fairly heavy gauge and seem as though they'll last well.  I do with there were a couple of additional sizes -- a 3/4 tsp size would be very useful.
0,This was a Christmas gift for our granddaughter, age 2. She loves this set!  Sturdy. Good size.  She loves the colors of the chairs.  Great for doing her art and crafts.  Good for friends to share.	The set arrived quickly and in good condition.  My son said it was easy to put together.  The pastels are perfect for a little girl.
0,Bought this as a gift for a cowgirl who loves wine. Very well made decorative wine stop! She absolutely loved it.
0,Love them (:
0,Awesome product well worth it!
0,My daughter loves it. Very unique design
0,you need these in your kitchen
0,Never image they are so small.  But still nice glass cups though.
0,Have used this product for several months now and find it a excellent product, adjustable heating element for every type of grilling. Easy cleanup.
0,Very good overall, but the plastic has started to crack on the edges... will see how long it lasts.
0,So Cute!!!!!!
0,A gift to a traveling friend, who absolutely loves it. Her comments: "Its perfect, perfect (small) size, perfect weight (very light), and perfect alarm (nice and loud).". With her satisfied, I'm satisfied.
0,Myself and my family loves it
0,we love these bags.  We first bought them from QVC, and they worked so good,  But getting them from Amazon makes them  even better. don't throw out you lettuce, because it turns brown, buyGreenBags,, they do the trick!
0,Although this is shipped from China, it got here fairly quickly. I find this item humorous (my wife - not so much) so I bought two more for my sons. Quality is above average. All things considered the price is more than fair.
0,I like this, use it on my 10 inch mostly, it's hard to fit on the handle of my 12 inch, but that is a different brand, which may be why. Anyway, it does get a bit more warm to the touch than comfortable if the pan has been on the burner for a long while, (mostly if you're picking up the pan) but if you're just grabbing the handle as you stir or moving it across the burner quick, it doesn't bother me. I do use Ov-gloves with my cast-iron pans, as they usually work the best, no matter how hot the handle has gotten.	I do run this through the dish-washer once in a while to make sure the inside is always clean, never had a problem with that.
0,I love this.  It holds a lot of stuff and really looks nice.  My husband has an LVAD and this holds all of his sterile items needed to clean his drive line.  If you are looking for something that looks nice and will hold all the sterile items you will need this is the right thing for you.
0,Its not exactly mildew free, it does develop mildew in a few weeks but it is so cheap that you need not bother with making sure it is clean and dry all the time.	The folds do stick together though.
0,Perfect, now I am ready for winter!
0,We love the product for it's ability to go deep into jars and the like and have recommended it to friends and family
0,I bought it as a kitty litter pan as others suggested and it is outside working well!
0,I have my cat's whiskers stashed in this.. Great size and shape for that. I once sold my original one when I moved, so I was happy to find one again!
0,This scent is heaven. The smell spreads quickly through a room and is just fabulous.
0,soft but watch your sizes these are all small - not just this brand.
0,Nice.  However, only good for long knives.  The smaller ones sink in!
0,Beautiful, true to color I bought to lay across the comforter for my doggie to lay on
0,a gift for my elder parents. they love it. would give it 5 stars but the batteries have to be changed a couple times a year.
0,Exceeded my expectations.  This mattress was purchased for our travel trailer. Was pleasantly surprised to find that it is more comfortable than the more expensive mattresses we have in guest rooms.
0,I have made 3 batches of yogurt with this, and they have all turned out great!  Its a compact little unit that sits easily on my kitchen counter without taking up a lot of space.  I just make my yogurt, pour it into the little jars, leave the lids off, put the large plastic dome cover on the unit, set it to how many hours I need it to "cook" and walk off.  There is a beep that goes off when it is done, and the unit shuts itself off.  I make this at night, so that I am home in the morning when it is finished.		I have also used a wide, shallow pyrex mixing bowl to make my yogurt.  I found one that fits perfectly inside.  I just fill the bowl and do the same steps as above.  The yogurt turns out exactly the same.  There are recipes in the instruction booklet that tell you how to make it with fresh fruit, by itself, fruit preserves, and even with coffee.  I used the recipe in the book, and it made perfect yogurt.  You will need a thermometer for the yogurt making process, as you have to heat the milk to 180 degrees and then let it cool to 110 before you mix in your fruit, etc.  A wire wisk is also helpful when mixing in the starter yogurt.  I use Oikos plain yogurt, as it has all natural ingredients in it.  You can also buy a starter at a Natural Food store, but I haven't tried that method yet.		The instructions say not to bump, touch or move the unit during the process.  This is why I found it convenient to do it overnight.  The little individual jars make it great to just grab my yogurt and take it to work for my break.  I have placed them, along with the lids, in the top drawer of my dishwasher, and the has worked well.  I am very satisfied with this Yogurt Maker.  I read the reviews on it prior to purchasing, and the positive reviews were right.
0,My daughter is a makeup guysu and this holds quite a bit of her makeup. I love the product and will order more.
0,<div id="video-block-R1MR4QG0IHQZ3J" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D10eFWQKsNS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61WeOii4n%2BS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">I have owned other models of remote thermometers in the past but they didn't last as long as I had hoped that they would and they didn't always work correctly.  Still, I like the concept and I was hoping to find one that worked for me.  When I got a chance to try this one out I was excited.		This one had a bit of a learning curve for me as it is necessary to turn on the receiver first before turning on the transmitter in order to get them working together.  I liked that it has two probes, one for the interior temperature of the grill and one for the internal temperature of the food.		I thought that a video review might be helpful to prospective buyers.		Note: I received a free sample of this product for reviewing purposed in exchange for an honest review.
0,This is a beautiful set of pots and pans. They are very durable and cook evenly. We waited as long as we could before we finally researched and bought this set. It is an investment but i think well worth my money.
0,LOVE THESE BAGS, They fit nicely and don't smell :-)
0,Really looks nice in the sink and stays in place well
0,So easy to clean, & it makes great coffee.
0,I love it ,it's a little short on the sides but it's beautiful on my bed.
0,I got this candle as a replacement for another one that arrived cracked due to Amazon's poor packaging of the candle.  This candle is authentic Luminara.  I have another one I got from a home shopping network and it matches perfectly.  It's worth the money. AtoZ sales was the Seller and the Candle is authentic and great!!!!
0,I gave these as little presents along with some other things for my daughter's baby shower and they were a hit.  They really do a lovely job of looking realistic with the slight flicker they emit when turned on.  I ordered extras intentionally just for me, in a small group in little votive glass holders they are so pretty!  They look very natural and do a great job, I am likely to order more.
0,Nice clock.  Small, nice looking, easy to use and very readable.  Just what I wanted.
0,Love it.  They are all lovely.
0,I bought this fish turner after watching Ree Drummond (the Pioneer Woman) use something similar on her show instead of a regular spatula. It looked like she had a lot more control with it, so I decided to give it a try. It is super easy to use, and great for making stir fry with! I don't really eat fish, so it will probably never be used as intended at my house.
0,They were a present for my son and he loves them.
0,I like this little fan except that for its size it is fairly loud.  Other than that it is perfect.		I use it at work and so far the safety coordinator hasn't whined at me.  We have to use commercial grade everything if it gets plugged into a standard outlet. Since this is battery operated and charged through the usb port there is no issue.		It is a small unit, but it does really push the air around.  It can get warm at my desk.  Especially in the summer, despite the air conditioning.  This helps to at least keep the air circulating.		I purchased this 3 speed rechargeable usb powered fan at a discounted price in return for providing my honest and unbiased opinion.
0,beautiful design and excellent quality; enhance the dinner table on a daily basis.
0,It does trap hair, but it does slow the flow of water
0,Nice little whisk. Good looking makes my kitchen more loveable with its heart design. It's steel metal makes it more strong for durability
0,Used these for a freezer meal-prep session - only had one bag tip on us and it was one with only a big hunk of meat in it (became unbalance). Made freezer meal prep SO. MUCH. EASIER.		My only complaint is I wish that the clips were slightly tighter so that you could roll down the sealing-surface. I like to roll the tops of my bags so that I don't have to wipe them when I seal them. This tool wasn't very accommodating for that.
0,This tea maker is so cool. It is very similar to the concept of pour over coffee just with tea. Basically, you put in your tea leaves, steep them, and when you put this maker over a mug, it compresses and allows only the filtered tea to extract. It is perfect for an office or on the go tea. I plan to use it only in my office with my electric kettle for a nice, easy, clean method of making tea. Awesome!
0,This is quite large and holds a lot of food.  It's very sturdy, nothing has leaked from any of the containers, and everything snaps together nicely.  This is the second one of these I've bought (so that I can use one while the other is being washed) and I may have to go back for a third!  If you pack a lunch for work every day, this is fantastic.  My only complaint is that it's so large that it basically needs its own shelf in the cupboard.
0,No review
0,Great price!! easy clean
0,love this blanket it awsome
0,I bought these because for all of my pans I don't have to have plastic turners and I like how sturdy a metal turner is. It allows me to leave it on the pan or in it and I don't have to worry about it melting away. I also like the wood handles because I find them more comfortable than the synthetic grips. I do realize that they are more prone to growing bacteria it just means a little more time cleaning them than i would the others.
0,Excellent and easy to install.		Holds easily 30-40 grocery bags folded up.  So much nicer not having a bag of grocery bags sitting somewhere		We have ours hanging on the cabinet door under the kitchen sink.
0,Love everything about this fan. All the settings make it perfect and the air flow is great.
0,Being a fan-natic and owned them all, even the mint green VTG Vornado reissue (my benchmark).  That one is super quiet & light weight blades that keep it below hearing over a TV (low). This room fan is as nice in the same reasons I like the Vornado reissue.  Bigger, very quiet and excellent layout of the controls.  Even putting it together especially the front cover, was made as simple and effortless as I have seen to date. Ten minute job.  Like everyone else FIVE STARS.
0,I have used several less expensive stainless steel containers and they have been 'just okay'.  I finally bit the bullet and bought a slew of these for daily use for my 5-year old's lunch bag.  Not only are they easy to clean, provide ample compartment space for just about anything, but my little one can get them open.  This was such a problem with other brands.  I bought the Trio and Quad and Duo and little dippers too.  Love them all!
0,Good  Pear Slicer/Corer
0,Better than expected. Amazing and make the tree appear spectacular. You won't be disappointed.
0,They are okay. The carpet still moves around but at least the carpet doesn't skid and slip. So some problem solved but not all.
0,This is a machine that is so easy to use, and reduces kitchen waste to a very small, dry pile of (hopefully still nutritious) composite that is easily mixed into potting soil or dirt..  From another reviewer I had the impression that it would be noisy during the grinding process -- not so!  Not, at least, during the times I've used it, which, to be honest is only twice so far.  It seems to be very well made, although there is a blackish blemish on the top of my machine above the signal lights that seems to be inherent in the plastic part.  It doesn't  affect the working of the machine whatsoever.	  I'd like to put forth a suggestion:  it would be helpful for the publishers to increase the font and use black letters when writing the next version of the user's manual and 'cheat sheet', as well as making the language a bit simpler, if possible.  I got the impression the manual was written from a translation of a different language, and the 'Important Notifications' (i.e., 'cheat sheet') was difficult to read due to the small green print.  Not all of us have great eyesight anymore.	  I trust I'll be using this Food Cycler for quite a few years, and I hope the filters won't be too expensive and make me regret the decision to purchase.
0,they worked just great for mini cheesecake recipe I got on Amazon.  Everyone loved it!
0,I've canned for the past 15 years but we recently bought a new glass-top stove and my traditional stove top canner was ruining the surface of the glass. I bought this because I do can often and thought the price was worth saving my stovetop. My only concern was the comments saying that the canner turns off and on while processing.  When you are boiling bottles on high the canner does turn off and on  to keep it at a low rolling boil but once I moved the knob over to the canning function it stayed on and had a high boil the entire time.  Usually a stove top canner tends to boil over and make a mess but this electric canner had really easy cleanup and kept my kitchen clean. I haven't  yet tried steaming food or used the canner to make soup but both sound like a great idea. Also, I love having a glass lid so I can see when there is a rolling boil without opening the pot.
0,they work well and clean up easily and again I repeat they are light & well made yes yes yes
0,It came today and my wife likes it very much. She has one and that is starting to  show its age so she went on line and found one she liked and we ordered it. We are pleased
0,Great ! My wife likes it very much
0,These are adorable! We used them to seal our daughter's wedding invitations since we didn't want to go thru the slow process of using real sealing wax. They looked nice.
0,Super Fast Shipping, Very good price, Best quality. Thanks!
0,I love this drinking glass, of course it isn't glass its better. Double walled. Drinks stay cold. Ice stays frozen. Doesn't leak. Doesn't sweat. I am extremely happy with this purchase and will order more.	UPDATE: I've owned this 24oz minimums peace tumbler for a while now and love it so much I ordered 2 more. When they arrived I noticed one of them was cracked. I would like to exchange it for another one but I don't see the option on Amazon to return the item. What's up with that. I would love to expand my collection of these cups (they are great for my morning smoothies) but I sure would like to be able to exchange the broken one. I love this product but please help me!
0,Absolutely love this consol table. Im using it as a desk, and it works well for that purpose. It came extremely well packaged, and set up took me about 20 minutes. Everything was included and it even came with some extras just in case something was last in transit or broken while installing. I highly recomment you pick one up if your looking for a sturdy all wood table/desk, won't be disappointed!
0,Not packed as well as I would have liked. A small piece broke off & it wasn't worth returning it. Small vase.
0,It's a great looking bread bin and well constructed!  I really like the touch feature to open it.  I was hesitant about buying the larger bread bin, because I thought it would look overwhelming on my counter, but it doesn't.  I definitely would have been disappointed with the smaller size, medium, bin.  This one holds one loaf of bread and a few other items comfortably.  The matte finish really does resist finger prints and looks great with the other stainless steel in the kitchen.  I bought it through Amazon, from a third party seller, Organize-It, but it was drop-shipped from Brabantia and was packaged nicely for shipping, so no damage to it.
0,Not only does it do its job but it looks so classy to have it on your table during dinner. This decant works great! Highly recomend it!
0,When I first saw these, I thought they were the funniest looking things ever.  Then I remembered the wide shoulders on suit jackets and realized that these are designed to fit and support those shoulders without pushing them out of shape.  Most of us have had the experience of hanging a heavy coat or jacket on a regular hanger and taking it out of the closet to discover that it had unsightly "hanger pouches" sticking up on either side of the shoulders.  Unless you have a super-good steam iron and lots of time, you either wear the jacket with the "pouches" or you take it to a cleaners to have them ironed out.  Money AND time down the drain.		My brother-in-law loves nice clothes and he dresses to demonstrate to his Business students what will be expected of them in the "real world."  My sister doesn't mind giving him most of the closet space, but she HATES to iron.  They both love these hangers.  The chrome hooks are heavy-duty and swivel smoothly.  The dark brown hangers are attractive and classy looking.		Best of all, even the heaviest suit hangs securely and retains its proper shape. This is a modest price for hangers that will last a long time and do such a great job.  As any husband will tell you, domestic peace is worth paying for. What's that saying? "If Mama ain't happy, nobody's happy!"		The set of six hangers comes attractively packaged.  It would make a great graduation gift for the young man (or woman) starting out and needing to present a great appearance.		Free sample provided for review.
0,I love the shape, size and design of this bowl. The hand slips through the handle and grips the bowl and makes it very solid for mixing.
0,nice gift for granddaughter
0,The acrylic diamonds were fantastic - i used them to decorate around a 5" diamond paperweight - really added that 'wow' factor.
0,The soap holder and sponge holder on this sit on a plastic tray that keeps them in place next to each other.  It's a bit bigger than I was expecting, and if you have a sink that's a drop-in, it's likely this won't fit on it and you'll have to put it off to the side.  The sponge holder is fine, and can be lifted off the base if you want to use it separately.  When you do that, it doesn't have a bottom to it.  The two sponge slots are slightly different depths, but normal Cello sponges fit in either slot.  Also, if you take the sponge holder off, you'll still have the plastic tray sticking out.  You can remove the bottom plastic tray completely, but you'll have to use a screwdriver to get it off of the soap dispenser.
0,Gift
0,Very pretty. Have worked perfectly as throws and non-dining table coverings at my boho/ hippie events. Will update after that first wash.
0,Very Happy with this purchase
0,I like them
0,Came on time, and fit my standard twin bed perfectly.
0,No mess self grinders!
0,We bought ourselves a black and stainless to match our kitchen. Our other one was fine, but plastic interior. This is glass. You can turn it on, with the lid open and pour your water in. We buy gal jugs of distilled water. When it's turned on, a pretty blue ring of lite comes on at the bottom until it's reaches the boiling point. Never a mistake whether it's finished or not. We enjoyed ours so much we bought my 88 yr old mother one. She loves it.
0,Good stuff
0,I've purchased these in a variety of sizes and purposes and couldn't be more pleased. Great seal, great quality, gets the job done.  Some have complained about "labels not coming off cleanly".  It's no worse than most other products and a little rubbing alcohol takes off any residue without a trace.
0,I recently got new furniture and I couldn't find any anti skid pads locally that I liked. These works great and they fit the sofa legs perfectly and I saved a few dollars getting at Amazon
0,I take it in the car when I'm not sleeping with it. It conforms for perfect support
0,Product as described (10 x 6 inches), shipped quickly. Good value.
0,Absolutely love these! Never have to worry about whether they're sealed or shut tight, because the 'snap' you hear when you close it confirms it for you! Microwave-safe, cute colors, meets my expectations and then some.
0,This fit our slicer perfectly.  The wire had been broken for so long I forgot how to put it on.  Fortunately my son remembered how they go before I ruined the first one.  We all enjoy cheese so much more now that it is easier to cut again!
0,A huge hit. Gave these to my partner as a surprise creature comfort as part of a Burning Man care package. He loved it! And so did his camp mates!		And, now, so do I! Given the heat and general lack of AC here in sunny California, these are great to have around for those 10-20 days a year when you just can't otherwise beat the heat.
0,The whole vacuum mug is shaped like a hex-head bolt. Going with that theme there is a wrench and the saying "Keep calm because I am invincible" etched on the lid. This is definitely a good Engrish sort of item. There is an included strainer top that reduces splashing/spilling. It only holds a little more than 12oz, but did keep my coffee warm for about four hours (sitting sealed) until I opened it and drank it. So this is good for a second cup of travel coffee. It'll hold for a few hours.
0,Expensive but I love it
0,my favorite of all my duvet cover sets.  holds it shape, yet soft and comfy
0,Worked great with my table skirts
0,Very nice! Gave as a Christmas gift. Super sharp knives. My friend absolutely loves the entire set.
0,Wonderful blade and ergonomic handle.  My "go to" tool for ALL vegetables.  Uncanny sharpness and realistic price point made this purchase a no brainer.
0,If you use spices you need these. I'm more of a guesstimate kind of person. However, that can lead to erratic results. These make trying to follow and record deviations to recipes a little easier.		A great gift for bakers.
0,I am writing the review based on my first time using the mug - and I will update if it does not hold true to a 5 star rating. To start, the mug has a sleek design, I brewed the largest cup on my Keurig, added creamer, and still had room with the 16 ounce version of the mug. The insulation on this cup is so great that it felt cool to the touch on the outside. I went through my morning routine and didn't drink my coffee until about an hour and a half later when I arrived at work and it was still piping hot! No other mug I've owned has kept my coffee so hot. I tipped the mug upside down while sealed and nothing leaked. So far I am a huge fan and I'm considering buying a second mug.
0,We were looking for a lightweight cover for our bed. This is perfect! Seems to be well made with nice stitching.
0,Who doesn't like copper and properly mixed drinks?  No issues with discoloration or anything else.  Not a huge fan of the end but obviously knew that it was there before purchasing.  Will likely modify it myself at some point.
0,Very heavy duty shelves	No worry the will collapse
0,Great product!
0,These candles are great! It's a bright enough light, & the remote and timer function work perfectly. Great for spots you don't want a flame.
0,I ordered 2 sets of these coasters. Good quailty, Highly reccomended
0,This is an amazing hair tool! I believe it will be perfect for anyone with thin hair or straight hair. But I have curly/kinky hair so I take a couple of minutes to wring my hair out first then I put this on and it soaks up everything! I didn't know how to use it (no instructions) so I just do what feels best on my head. Sometimes I put the big part (button) on the back and secure it in the front and vice versa. It works both ways but when I secure it in the back, it requires more twists for some reason. I guess it all depends on how your hair is hanging. Though I have thin hair, it is still African type hair & takes up a lot of space so I'm just glad this is big enough to hold everything.		The hair wraps save a lot of time and effort and I recommend them for all hair lengths and textures (maybe not knee length...but you get the gist). It actually works and I am pleasantly surprised!
0,We've had great success with these, even the ones I tore.  A little tape fixes any holes.  You have to be patient.  Don't use these when it's windy. The instructions that come with it are useless but here is my way:	1) Gently open the lantern.	2) Put the wire through the wax square and bend the wires back to hold the wax in place.	3) With another person holding the lantern from the top light the wax.	4) Hold the lantern from the top and then work your way to holding from the bottom.	5)  Patiently hold it still and let the lantern fill with heat.	6)  Eventually as you hold it above you there will be enough heat inside for it to lift off on it's own..
0,Best veggie peeler I've used.
0,Love the product
0,I read the other reviews and they said it was easy to put up - they were right.  You just follow the directions and it goes in place just like you knew what you were doing.
0,Perfect fit for replacing my Martha Stewart glass food container lids that had several splits.
0,Second one I bought.  Original stolen by daughter.  Works fantastic!
0,Beautiful napkins! Well made, bright colors, and just the right thickness.
0,Bought this for my dad after his knee surgery. Is much softer than his previous mats. Very good price.
0,it's a great little fan. I've been using it every day none stop for the past 8 years. All I've ever had to do is clean it every year. You do need a special bit to take it apart to clean it properly. And grease the moving parts. Which by the way, takes care of that annoying squeaking sound many have complained about. In the 8 years since I purchased mine at Walmart, the only thing that doesn't work any more is the speed and oscillating functions and that's because my son got hold of it and bounced it around.  Was having a hard time finding another one, was so glad to see I can get one here on Amazon!!!
0,Great present.
0,this sheet set is very soft and easy to care for.  Pops out of the dryer smooth and ready to use.
0,I bought this to replace my identical one i had before it got knocked off and bent the base up. I love this crockpot last one i had for 2 years before it got knocked off counter. It was still working but made me nervous to leave on if i wasn't here. I wonder if the people having problems with lid shattering had been locking the lid to cook that is only if you are moving it.
0,Surprisingly works just fine!
0,My husband needed a paper towel holder for his work shed. This is very sturdy and seems to look like it will hold up for a long time. Shipping was quick.
0,I like these a lot.  The white is very white.  I didn't give it 5 stars because it's very flat.  Usually roman shades have more folds at the top even when closed so they don't seem so flat.  These are nicely made and block out the light.  They have a pull handle on the underside of thre shade which works well and keeps a cleaner line of sight (no pull cords).  Worth the price.
0,good purchase
0,These are very great frames for a good price
0,Great product, good quality and fast shipping. Very happy with this purchase.
0,My old steamer broke 2 of 3 legs.  This has solid unbreakable legs on it.  Use it to steam asparagus.
0,Gave this as a gift to my daughter...she loves it for quick blending.
0,.... but rather over priced. Nothing about the plates that should warrant such an extreme price. However, I kept them anyway.
0,My son loves the feel and look of this set.
0,Beautiful set of glasses. Heavy glass, gorgeous color. Good size that looks great on my table setting.
0,Works well, nice size, good quality.
0,NICE
0,Very well made to store a 3 piece 7' tree. Durable canvas. I would purchase again when or if I have to.
0,This was the greatest!
0,Excellent transaction - Item as described and sent quickly. Thank You
0,Sturdy and reasonable price. My husband uses it for his running shoes and work out towels.
0,Very happy with this set
0,Ordered 2 to put over washer and dryer.  Work great...Gets large liquid detergent dispenser off the floor and I do not have to hold it when dispensing detergent.  Fits right on the shelf...Just have to push the button with container under it...Saves lots of time.
0,For such a simple kitchen tool, this LOOKS great and works great. My husband doesn't comment on kitchen items on the counters but he noticed this immediately, and really like the look of it. It has held 2 bunches of bananas for me, as well, which is a plus. I've been wanting a banana holder that's a rustic bronze, sleek and simple look, and works, and this is perfect. Glad I purchased it and would recommend highly.
0,Smaller than what I thought but nice!
0,These are great for hanging purses! I just ordered 10 more for my closet, they look sleek too. Super easy to put up if you have a power drill.
0,Great product. Sturdy and looks great. Very nice and useful set.
0,Perfect for organizing all the supplies on the baby's changing table.  Very cute and doesn't appear cheep, well made.
0,I couldn't be more pleased with this quality throw.  It feels like a thicker, warmer blanket and it's so incredibly soft :-).  I'm very happy with this product.
0,excellent tatami mat. no smell whatsoever. sturdy. great for my japanese futon
0,7 qt. Great sized Calphalon Classic Dutch oven pot.	You can use this size for cooking for a allot of people , or cook allot of food and freeze it in small packages.	I have used this size for pasta sauce , stews, soups, casseroles , boiling pasta , and potatoes, roasts, chicken breasts with sauce , popcorn, even made a large round sour dough bread in this In the oven. One meal dinners etc.	Cooks even, you do not need to use a high heat on the stove, as this is not a thick pot. It heats fast, and you do not want to warp the pot. Do not put water in a hot pot.		I have bought allot of Calphalon commercial , and Unison cookware .	That said the Classic is more light weight & a thinner cookware, although pretty good if you take care of it.	This is Not the top of the line in Calphalon.	Great price under 40.00.		Since this is non-stick, do Not use any type of sprays in this. It will break down the non stick and ruin this pan & all non stick and ceramic cookware .	Do not use medal in this.	Use only wooden spoons, silicon spatulas, & tongs. Do NOT put in the Dishwasher, or you can throw this pot away.	Btw, if you want your knifes to last , do not put them in the dishwasher.	I hand wash my cookware etc, and it lasts for ever it seems.		Like the pour spout and drain lid. Now I do not have to use a colander for pasta, or pouring off fat etc.
0,Very special....
0,Absolutely excellent product but priced pretty high. I got this RM re-manufactured one for about $70 less than the normal one, and was not disappointed, there was no way to tell that it was not a brand new product. The oven works better than my krups (which was pretty awesome but getting old). We don't cook in our regular oven hardly ever anymore, the convection, toasting, and reheating is much better in this oven.		This oven cooks very evenly and is great for cooking small food (great if you only have 1-2 to cook for) also great for us Floridians that don't want to use a full size oven. The toaster is very good, but my krups with 3 heat rails on each side did seem to cook a tad more evenly for toast. I like the 3 rail settings and the size of this oven really allows for many things that slightly smaller ovens cannot cook like 6 toast, pizza, small roasts, etc
0,These things are awesome and durable!! And so nice looking
0,These are not flimsy, they are very stable underneath my queen size box spring and Tempurpedic mattress.  I wish I bought the taller ones, but was concerned about stability.  I would buy the taller ones next time. Absolutely fantastic product, and I can finally use the underneath side of my bed for storage boxes.
0,I've had this pan for many years and it is still in good shape. Bakes evenly. Will hold 2 cake mixes. Never had a problem with anything sticking to pan but I always greased and flour pan.  I also have the NordicWare half sheet and this pan actually cooks quicker than the NordicWare.  Not sure why when both pans are aluminum.  Wilton pan is 1" short of a half pan but it doesn't effect my recipes. I just wished that this one came with a lid which is why I got the NordicWare but I still prefer baking in this pan.
0,This is a tough size to find and this works great for my 13x19 poster. I would definitely buy it again, if needed.
0,Ahhh, the convenience of a restaurant, right here at home!
0,Got these for my step daughter for her new bed set for her first apt. She really likes the pillows. Said they are comfortable and just the right size for her queen mattress.
0,We recently had a mouse infestation and my old set of simple wooden Chinese chopsticks were a victim of the extermination and subsequent cleanup.  I looked in every grocery store and home goods store that I know about for replacements to no avail. Everything was either too expensive, or had tiny Japanese tips or both. But these Totally Bamboo Twist chopsticks were very nearly perfect.  Machine washable, durable, nicely weighted and very, very inexpensive.		JMT
0,Very nice rack, but I have a hard time cleaning it even if I pre-spray it with cooking oil prior to cooking bacon on it.  But it fits the pan perfectly and can be used as a cooling rack for baked items.
0,Great product, just as advertised
0,Beautiful fits nice.
0,good quality and price.
0,serves its purpose
0,These candles are beautiful! They are made of real wax and the flickering light makes them look so real. I love them.
0,Nice looking rug for the price. It is thin. But pretty.
0,Thank you, for a great product; easy to use for multiple purposes!
0,Great product but had to return it as we thought it was stainless steel inside the cooking pot and it was non-stick which is not what we wanted.  We looked back and it states in the product description as non-stick so it was our error.  However, we ordered a 6 cup Aroma rice cooker that is all stainless and it makes perfect rice.  I have always thought to be a little difficult to get just right, not burn, etc.  Not with this.  Rice is delicious, and a great texture.  I would recommend this product to anyone.
0,good
0,If you are looking for a high quality double frame, this is the one.
0,I have probably used every candle on the planet (I always have a pillar candle burning on my coffee table for ambience) and for other candle-addicts, you'll be familiar with our usual candle issue (wax covering wick, making it impossible to light, candle burning down into a big mess, etc).		These candles are the BEST EVER.	1: The candle lasts forever! I burn a candle for about four hours each evening, and one of these lasted over a month!	2: The candle burns down so that the sides of the candle are still erect (if that make sense), turning the candle into its own lantern with a beautiful golden glow.	3: I burn my candles in an all-glass lantern holder, and this candle does not stick! When it's burned out, the remaining wax just lifts away with no mess or scraping.		I am genuinely impressed with these, and will never bother with any other candle.
0,These are just as pictured. I bought a few packages in different sizes. I'm very pleased
0,I like this!
0,We love making sushi at home and these work great! Make sure you wrap them in Saran Wrap so clean up is a breeze and your rice doesn't stick.
0,I purchased two. Keeps my hands warm. Looks great and meets my standards. Semper Fi.
0,perfect
0,Great non-slip mat! Adorable design and sticks well to our tub. Easy to pull on and off yet secure and helps baby not slip all around in the bath. The only downside is that it's got a very strong chemical smell when it first arrives so be sure to air it out well before using it.
0,Love it!
0,I LOVE these sheets!  As soon as I opened the package and felt how soft they were, I knew they would be heavenly to sleep on.  I never would have thought to buy microfiber sheets. I would have thought they would feel like my microfiber washcloths I clean the house with, but they don't at all.  They are so much smoother and luxurious feeling.  In fact, to me, they feel similar to those at the Four Seasons Hotel!  I got the white set for my California King bed.  The white is an ultra bright white, which I really like.		When I took them out of the package there was a line of dust on them, but it wasn't really a big deal, since I was going to wash them before putting them on the bed anyway.  They really did dry quickly in the dryer on low heat, even in my generally terrible dryer.		They were very easy to put on the bed with the way the elastic was sewn.  There were no corners popping off in the process.  I have a standard memory foam mattress, and there definitely seemed to be room for a deeper mattress.  They fit fine on my mattress as well.  The top sheet was nice and long, with room to fold it over the top of your comforter if that is something you do.  It always frustrates me when the sheet goes just high enough for me to use and stay tucked in adequately at the bottom.		Another bonus I was excited about is the lifetime guarantee!  If they become excessively worn, frayed, or defective in some manner, they will send you a new set for free! It's hard to believe.  It's really nice to know that you won't be stuck with rotten sheets that become worn and pilly after a couple of washes.		Disclaimer: I did receive this sheet set at a discount in return for my honest review. Rest assured, this is no way altered my opinion. I would have written the same had I purchased full price.
0,Prior to purchasing the OXO, I was using a Hario Cold Brew. From a coffee standpoint, the OXO system is far better, allowing for a more concentrated cold brew. As a result, a pot from OXO lasts far longer than Hario. The primary drawback for OXO and Toddy is size. It is too large for a standard fridge.		https://www.amazon.com/Hario-Mizudashi-Coffee-Maker-1000ml/dp/B001VPXEBU		Quality wise the OXO device creates cold brew on par with stumptown (Starbucks espresso beans, pre-ground). Hario is closer to iced coffee from starbucks.
0,Perfect for our at home BBQ get together's.
0,So far I've used it only a week or so, but it was very easy to attach, it looks really nice with the accompanying double glide, oil rubbed bronze shower rings and brown zambia shower curtain, with a clear shower liner on the inside. After reading the reviews for this product prior to purchasing, I am planning to wipe down the rod and rings once a week with a micro fiber cloth, hopefully to keep it from rusting.
0,As expected
0,My husband always leaves his shoes off in front of the door, and this was the perfect solution. It is SO beautiful. I love the color and it has held up really well. I have had it for a couple of months already and it looks brand new still. Very happy I bought this and I will want to buy more from this high quality brand.
0,beautiful craftsmanship
0,Very pretty and just the right size!
0,Nice add to my Christmas village. I didn't realize some of them would be shrubs but I still like how they add to it and the way it looks like there is snow on tips.
0,They are beautiful bowls the  different wood grains are stunning but I will not be using these for salads. I had purchased these bowels	for my crystals and stones which I have been getting a assortment of and since both  of which are from the earth and wood is a natural element so they will help my stones in containing their natural energy..The bowls are medium sized  and perfect for my usage of them.	Very happy and will order again if I need more from Ironwood Gourmet..
0,Fantastic frame. Along with the matte I purchased, made a great frame.
0,Simple assembly but one was missing some screws and the company couldn't supply them. They asked if I could purchase them instead of exchanging the stool and promptly gave me a $10 refund which more than covered the cost of the screws. I used them as cheap kitchen counter stools while I searched for my dream stools but they should work well in a hair salon or spa. The adjustment worked well and they were fairly sturdy although they'd get more use than I gave them at home. The only problem as a counter stool was that they tended to roll away as unsuspecting guests sat down. Not an issue for someone using them professionally who knows they roll.
0,really good product!
0,Super cute, but we have only had for 20 days and already has a hole. Thats why i docked it a star.
0,My parents loved these at their party.
0,love these and they work ggod
0,I have been wanting to add a canopy tent around my bed to give my bedroom just a more feminine look. I just finished painting my bedroom and this complimented the colors beautifully. My bedding is black and white and my walls are a soft teal color. I love how this compliments everything so well. It is nice quality, and was easy to hang from my ceiling.		I absolutely love this, it is such a great addition to my bedroom! Perfect!		*Please note that I was sent this product either complimentary or discounted in order to provide my honest experience, thoughts and review.
0,Works really well for molding chocolate
0,Husband had to use it as soon as he got it.
0,4 out of 5 stars because it is good, not amazing. It does the job, looks decent on the countertop, is easy to clean. easy to roll up ro store when not in use.
0,Excellent
0,had this for 4 months and is starting to creak
0,great product.  I use to iron on girl scout badges.
0,Awesome salad container but difficult to take top compartment out.
0,Such a beautiful item for a new dad. My husband loved it and will cherish it forever.
0,Keep it charged. Then  It is ready when you want it.  It stores easily and is really handy for quick clean ups.  Beats the heck our of one with cords and hoses.  It only takes seconds to empty it.
0,works just fine
0,Once I discovered these pre-cut baking sheets a few years back, they are the only baking sheets I use! Each sheet measures 12" x 16" and fits perfectly on my rectangular baking pans; both sides of the sheet are nonstick, so once the first batch is done, you can flip it over and use the other side for maximum use. With these sheets, there is no need to spray cooking spray, which saves the life of your baking pans because they won't get build up on them over time and the cookies release easily off of them.		These offer such easy clean up because you can just throw them away and there's no mess left behind. The sheets also make it easy to transfer the hot cookies to a cooling rack without removing the cookies from the sheets by simply holding both ends of the sheet.		I have used Reynolds rolled parchment baking sheets in the past and I HATED them because they always curled up and it was so frustrating to hold it down and try to spoon the dough onto it. These sheets have solved that problem because they never curl up at all and lay flat. If you do lots of cookie baking, don't hesitate! These are the best parchment paper sheets I've ever used.
0,This ESSENTIALS meat thermometer is digital so it is very quick and easy to read as opposed to traditional ones. It will give you your intern temperature in 4 seconds. This does have the ability to either read in Celsius or Fahrenheit by the push of a button..	The thermometer does require a AAA battery (which is included).	One of the things I find helpful is this is set to automatically shut off after 10 minutes.  The probe does snap into place on the bottom of the handle which is good for safety purposes in a kitchen drawer.  It is made of a red molded plastic (with seams) so I would be more cautious not to drop or apply pressure for fear of it cracking (henceforth the 4 star rating). Cleaning would be a breeze just wiping down with a damp soapy cloth and DO NOT leave in oven while cooking.	I received this item at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.
0,Took my capable hubby 3 hours on his own/ instructions were clear- finished product is nice! Looks like an expensive desk!
0,Good
0,It pretty much saves the day in terms of space saving especially when you're in for travel and you have lots of clothes. The supposed two bags will take you just one bag. Check for holes though. I have one of the large size bag with a small hole.
0,Fits perfectly.  Great OEM replacement.
0,works ok - flimsy so not for holding vertically.  dividers are not sewn to bottom so can adapt to different sizes.  ankle boots are too big for one opening
0,This blanket is darling. It's soft, and cozy. I also got Jammie's to match. It's a great	buy.
0,Love it Just the right size, smaller than my old one !
0,We now have two that are working great.
0,Its a glass jug
0,Yay, no more fiddling with oil temperature and over- or under-cooking my fired food!  Love it, versatile and dependable.
0,Very nice gift to be kept and handed down. The teeth are strong on this so don't worry about a tooth breaking off. We mounted this to a small wooden craft board , stained it and it looked so nice. Everyone mentions this when they see it.
0,everything I could hope for.  Great freezer and especially like the storage bin and shelves for storage making it easy to use.  Took off 1 star because it could have been better packaged as the shipping companies are pretty rough on it an I as well as a few other customers received freezer with some small dents.
0,My daughter sleeps days since she works the night shift.  These darken the bedroom a lot.  They are good quality and hang nicely.
0,My Hubby loves this, and now so do I. Easy to use and very accurate.
0,The best boning knife you can get for this price. I love the flexible blade. Makes filleting and deboning a breeze.
0,I really like these flannel bed sheets! They came out of the package soft and ready to put on the bed. They're a little thinner than the set of flannel sheets I'm replacing, but they are soft, cozy and quite warm. I also like the blue plaid design very much. I'd recommend this product to anyone looking for a good set of bedsheets for a good price. I liked the sheets enough to return and order a set in red.
0,The box was so damaged I didn't realize that the top bar was missing. Make sure that you account for the parts right away. I just opened it today to put it together. I waited until I moved and now I can't return it!
0,I really like these book holders. Heavy and work quite well. Product is as advertised.
0,My son loves this comfortet
0,love it, wonder if the Queen uses this?
0,Being Scottish was the closest I could find and she is beautiful and well designed, yes I will give her a five and the seller also, Thank you
0,BIIIIIIIG DOG!...nice piece of work here guys. Fits 3 different tumblers I have for my car ride...driving and drinking(coffee, relax) has been made a snap with this...Why have I never seen this product before? I don't have to fumble a hot mug from the cup holder now. You know, just using 2 fingers and grabbing at the top of the tumbler so you don't burn your finger prints off...???..? Grab and go without even glancing in my cup holders direction now. NICE!....you actually made my drinking and driving safer! Ha!!!. This item was received at a discount in exchange for an honest review. So get your own and write your own review...You cant have mine!
0,A little powerhouse!  I use it in my bedroom.  Keeps the room very cool, and not too noisy.  Can't beat it for the price.
0,Great
0,The set is very nice but I will never order anything breakable from Amazon again.  The person that packed my dishes should be fired.  They came to my house in crumbles.  Corelle is very hard to break and UPS did it.  As rough as they are, everyone shipping something out should know to pack it very well.  I am very disappointed!  I'm returning them tomorrow and will report back on how the packing went when the replacements come.  Hopefully they will arrive before Christmas.
0,nice
0,For the price I paid, I give it a 4	Not the best quality but does the job of holding shoes	Easy assembly but one end cap was missing from one pole but I found it in the box .
0,they're lovely.
0,My favorite tea mug. I originally bought one in Hong Kong and loved it so much, that I was thrilled to find it on Amazon. It keeps tea hot for a long time, and is double walled with a rubber bottom so it does not burn my hards. I love being able to put my loose leaf tea in the built in infuser. I highly recommend this product to any regular tea drinker.
0,It refilled my son's chair but it is a pain to deal with; it sticks to everything.
0,I love these hooks.  The rod in my apartment is older and plastic hooks would not slide across.  I have no problem with these.
0,If you don't know how these coffee makers work, here it is in a nutshell. It has a small water heater that you leave powered on so your hot water is ready when you are.  Place filter and coffee in the holder, add water, put carafe in place then close the lid to start brewing. Three minutes later you have a full pot of smooth coffee. My old Bunn quit working, i borrowed a standard coffee maker to use, the coffee was not as smooth as Bunn , I ordered a new Bunn rather than have to wait to have the old one repaired.  I could not go without my Bunn made coffee.  This model is made in USA too.
0,Great, sturdy fine mesh strainer.  I mainly use this for washing rice and similar small foodstuffs.
0,My daughter got this for my husband as a gag gift. It is nice quality and is actually a pretty sturdy mug.
0,I use the 10 gallon pot for home brewing and it's worked so well for performing full boils on 5 gallon batches. I use this on a propane stove and it fits perfectly, although, if you're making bigger batches and doing full boils, this may not be big enough.		I boil down 6.5-7 gallons for a 5 gallon batch, and boil overs are still a very real possibility if you don't watch the hot break before boiling and immediately after hop additions, but it's easy to clean.		Don't let anyone tell you that aluminum is not good or safe for home brewing. It is perfectly fine! It's just recommended that you boil water in the pot before brewing so you can build up the oxide layer and don't scrub hard when cleaning, as it can remove that protective layer. I've not had any batches ruined by metallic off flavors and scrub and spray this thing down after each use.		It conducts heat very well so it boils and cools quickly. I don't have a measurement, but the thickness of the pot was surprising for the price. It's very sturdy and won't wobble or flex on you.		The only downsides are the handles, which are riveted and will become very hot after a short duration of the flame coming on. Be careful when trying to move this after the the burner has been ignited! Also, the lid is sold separately, and I highly recommend getting it if you're brewing outside.		All in all a fantastic value for the budget conscious home brewer!
0,LOVE en.  Best deal around. Easley cleaned.  THX Bill
0,I order these for my mom & so far she hasn't had any complaints with them. This is not the first time I've ordered them for her so evidently she's pleased with them. And she has bought some from other sources before, but now she's staying with this brand.
0,I always check amazon ratings before i buy anything but this time they fail! This is cheap junk you can find at dollar store!!! Not working		Update: got the replacement with overnight shipping thanks to chef caron's awesome costumerservice and replacement works as advertised. Five stars for costumer care and thank you.
0,Excellent product.
0,This steamer is really good, does the job very well, my stove come back to it's original condition after covered with grease. If they have the bigger size I would consider to buy again, but don't get me wrong even this is small they still do the job perfectly.
0,THIS PRODUCT ISN'T JUST BEAUTIFUL, THE FABRIC IS SOFTER THAN ANY I HAVE PURCHASED BEFORE. YOU WOULD HAVE TO EXPERIENCE FOR YOURSELF THE FIBERS OF THESE SHEETS TO APPRECIATE WHAT I'M TRYING TO CONVEY HERE. IMPORTANT TO NOTE HERE THE SHEETS ESPECIALLY THE FITTED ONE ARE TRUE TO SIZE. I ORDERED FULL SIZE BUT THE FITTED SHEET IS MADE SO IT CAN FIT A MUCH DEEPER MATTRESS THAN MINE. THE SHEETS WASHED EXTREMELY WELL.I AM THE KIND OF CUSTOMER WHO APPRECIATES "SHIPPING AND PACKAGING ATTENTION TO DETAIL" WHICH I BELIEVE DEFINES THE PRIDE EMPLOYEES HAVE IN THE PRODUCTS THEY PRODUCE AND SHIP. WHY THIS MATTERS TO ME IS BECAUSE THE RESULTS I HAVE EXPERIENCED BUYING PRODUCTS FROM COMPANIES AND EMPLOYEES WHO TAKE PRIDE IN THEIR PRODUCTS HAVE JUST BEEN OUTSTANDING. HARMONY LINENS DID AN OUTSTANDING JOB OF PACKAGING THE SHEETS. DELIVERY WAS QUICK, CUSTOMER FOLLOW UP SUPPORT TO ME TOOK MY PURCHASE TO AN EVEN BETTER EXPERIENCE. I LOVE THIS PRODUCT. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THAT YOU GIVE IT A TRY. YOU WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED.
0,Looks great
0,Truly.... It looks like a basket of glowing coals. Its very beautiful. The pink uniquely shaped rocks of salt come in a black metal basket. The adjustable light is in the bottom of the basket and the rocks of salt are on top. The light can be turned to a small amount of light or a large amount. I keep the light on very low all night and it gives off a slight (very slight) scent of salt. I've heard its good for your lungs and breathing to inhale the slight scent of salt.	I've heard others reviewers say they've had trouble with the light. I have had none. I would purchase this again or as a gift for someone special. I really like it. You will too. : )
0,Great product and swift transaction. Thank you.
0,This was a gift to a friend who was having brain surgery.  When she say it, her first words were,	She's  the Angel I saw while I was having surgery, it's the same blue eye!"  Thank you for making this possible at a price I could afford.
0,I have recently gotten into the true art of coffee brewing.  My husband and I have had a Hario V60 for about a year now.  As I got into the art of coffee, needless to say, we were doing the pour over thing totally wrong.  I now have the proper gooseneck kettle and a stand to boot!!  This pour over stand is very nice-looking.  It is sturdy.  I really like that it is made of bamboo as bamboo is a sustainable grass.  And it certainly doesn't hurt that I enjoy the grain pattern of bamboo.  Whoever did the stain on this stand did a great job!  I like the color of the stain as well.  Thumbs up on a quality product!  I purchased this item at a discount in exchange for an honest and unbiased review.  I am under no obligation whatsoever to give positive reviews.  I always give my frank opinion and that is what you have here.
0,Very Please with the service and purchase
0,good
0,WOW what a great deal on these. I love having the whip cream dispenser, and these cartridges are quality items. I compared prices and this is the best item at the best price I could find. I will certainly be buying it again.
0,This a great product. Quite sturdy. Love the fact that the shelves are straight so shoes stay put and don't fall off. Would definitely recommend this product.
0,sturdy, quality, firm, great size, sharp
0,So easy and simple for hard-boiled eggs and wonderful for poached eggs - great product!!!!  Would recommend it to anyone!!!!
0,Great
0,I read reviews n they were right. Good rice makers no burning bottoms n makes rice very full n fluky. Not dry or burnt. Holds a god size amount of rice.
0,great cups for at the pool or in the house. A tad pricey in my mind but still a great product.
0,beautiful sheets... they look so nice on the bed,,, however, the fitted sheets are not deep pocket sheets. they keep rising on the sides of the bed because they are to short to tuck them under. but they are so cute
0,Works very well
0,I really like the quality that was put into this, works great
0,Works perfectly with my Espresso maker.  Does what it says, and as such.... perfect.
0,A nice quality comfort set,
0,Great  bought several as we have several honey jars with each having different flavor.  We use them all the time and would recommend them
0,My wife and I love to entertain.  Having the right stemware and glasses for a variety of drinks and occasions is not only fun for us, it allows us to entertain our guests in a memorable way.  We bought these mugs to add to our collection and we are glad we did.  They are excellently made, beautiful to look at, and when we brought them out to serve our guests at a recent gathering, they were a huge hit.		These mugs can handle a wide variety of cold drinks and cocktails (they are roughly the size of a large coffee mug), but we bought them specifically so was could serve the cocktail they are named for, "The Moscow Mule."  This is where the customer service we received from Classique Maison was top notch.  The day we ordered they sent us a recipe and detailed instructions for making a Moscow Mule cocktail.  On top of that, after our item arrived, they checked back in to make sure it had arrived and included detailed use and care instructions for the item, which really comes in handy when using and caring for a copper item.		The items were beautifully made, were a hit with our guests, were delivered promptly with top notch customer service.  It doesn't get much better.		A+ Experience.		Click "yes" if you found this review helpful.
0,These are wonderful shower curtains.  The fabric is not as thick as I was expecting, but I love the photo on canvas feel.
0,Really like this chair, it's a chair and not a bunch of fluff and cushions, nobs and promises.  You should always buy a chair with the support on the sides and not just a little square plate under the seat, unless you have a Barbie Doll bottom and sit perfectly in the center of the chair and don't get up and down a lot.		With this chair you don't need to worry about those quick sits on the edge of the chair and I'm guessing it fits perfectly to any curve.		There is not a lot of cushion but we're talking a work chair not a recliner you are going to sleep in.		Looks really good too. I'm changing the color of my office to White.		I can't imagine it being difficult to clean or keep clean.		This replaced one of those $1200 ergonomic chairs that I forced myself to like for nearly ten years.  I was really happy when it broke down so I could get something else.
0,Great tart warmer. Not totally level, but easily remedied with a thin piece of card board.	Some say they could not use a votive candle. A votive candle not in a glass container fits easily and lasts so much	longer than a "tea" candle.
0,Love it. I use this pan several times per week. It's super easy to clean.
0,Beautiful ornament.
0,Exactly what I needed. Good quality.
0,We bought these as a gift for someone.  They are great!  Came in perfect condition and were delivered before expected which was exactly what I needed.  So Great!!!
0,arrived as expected, good quality and good price, would recommend
0,Great carafe! Really keeps our coffee hot!
0,Best tongs around. Silicone grip doesn't conduct heat and silicone tips don't scratch pans.
0,Needed this because I had a big gap under my door this comes in handy. and it does stop the draft from coming in
0,Bought my friend one too !
0,I really like the stein.  It works just as advertisedmy coffee stays piping hot all day at work.  I was a bit worried that my barista might not be able to mix my coffee in the stein, but the mouth is just big enough to manage.  Will take ice cubes very easily also.  I do wish there were a 24 oz. size.  20 oz. is a bit too small, but 32 oz. is really bigger than I need.  Absolutely no problem with leaks, and it seems very rugged and sturdy.
0,Beautiful piece. Great quality. Convenient to use.
0,We enjoyed these so much that we bought a set for my brother-in-law, who is a dedicated whiskey drinker.		The size of the glass might surprise some people (about 4 1/2 inches tall and 2 1/2 inches across), but that's to capture the aromas - they aren't intended to be filled all the way up.		If you like good whiskey, and drink it neat - you'll probably love these glasses.
0,Perfect set of advent candles.  Given as a gift to my son and fiance
0,Good
0,My wife purchased this when we moved into our new place a little over a year ago.  When it came in a few of the sequins were off and I questioned her about how well it will hold up.  I'm happy to say not one has fallen off in the last year.  Holds up great!  No Complaints!
0,My MIL loved it and it's very well-made.
0,My friend that I sent this to loves it. I thought the presentation at the funeral home wasn't what I excepted. I thought it would be set out nicely but it was in a plastic zipper pouch and looked cheap.
0,Great for my grand daughter and her moma and daddy.  It is big enough for all of them..LOL  Love it
0,Appeared to be a nice quality shower mat, however I had to return it because it didn't fit in my shower.
0,Love these so very much! My socks are organized AF. I just wish they hadnt shirt sized ones!
0,I covered the side holes with black tape, inside and outside. Am using two of these to dispense grit and oyster shell for my hen house.  Works well.  Had read from a previous buyer, that they were using these for that purpose. Nifty idea,  thank you!
0,Although the seat back is a little larger than the chairs for which these are made, the material is VERY elastic and stretchy. With a little use, it will relax enough to completely cover and stay. They provided new life to chairs that were looking rather worn. I only wish these were available with arm covers, as well. Excellent value, compared to other brands...
0,perfect for pantry organization.
0,Works great on  induction stove.  Our new house had induction cook top.  I replaced 4 pots with this.  It has been come the pot we use daily.  Hard boiled eggs, pasta for 2 kids, soup, etc.		it does seam to heat very evenly.		it was a little expensive.
0,Very cute I though the handle was a little long tho
0,very nice will buy again
0,If you have to avoid plastic, these are great. Naturally, (no pun intended) you have to pay more, Work beautifully in the kitchen. Love 'em. Of course, I'm not nutty enough to run them thru the dishwasher! I'd wouldn't be surprised if they then split or otherwise failed; they're made of WOOD!  :)  Pricey but very nice. I buy nice things for my kitchen and expect them to last for years.
0,LOVE LOVE LOVE this table!! It stays in the garage, set-up, for laundry as a folding table. Then, over the weekend, we took it over to a friend's houses, super portable, and had a seafood broil. Perfect!
0,Very cute and works great
0,Our family and friends have been enjoying this for several months now.  We have been making ice cream for our friends to give as gifts, and they have been very happy also!  It has become a family activity.		The unit is easy to use and easy to clean.  It can be difficult to scrape the ice cream out when it is finished because it is frozen hard to the walls of the freezer bowl, but it comes out with a rubber spatula or wooden spoon.		The process is very simple - just fill the freezer bowl, put in the paddle, turn it on, set a timer, and go do something else for a while!  The taste of the ice cream is definitely worth the bit of effort.		It is important to follow the manufacturer's instructions.  The freezer bowl needs to have been in the freezer for at least eight hours (for our unit) in order to do a good job with the ice cream.  If it isn't in long enough, it won't be cold enough to finish and you'll end up with mush.  Not to worry - if that happens, just put it in a different bowl in the freezer and it will be fine, but maybe not as creamy.		We have found that we can usually do two batches before the freezer bowl thaws too much to freeze the ice cream.  The second batch won't get as firm, but it still works ok.  You can tell when the bowl has lost its "cool" when it starts to sound slushy when you shake it.  Then it needs to go back into the freezer before making the next batch or it won't freeze at all.		UPDATE:  Have had this unit for almost three years now and it still makes great ice cream.  The bowl needs to freeze for at least 12 hours in a very cold freezer in order to be able to finish a batch.  If left in the freezer for at least 36 hours, you can sometimes get two batches out of it, although the second might be a little soft.
0,I purchased the lids to use on my existing mason jars (small mouth) to store food and odds and ends instead of wasting the metal lids and screw bands. These are for temporary storage - NOT for canning food. I have used them in the freezer and they work great. They have a nice grip on them so are easy to twist on and off. A great price for 24 of them too!
0,This painted canvas print is really nice, however, it could have been constructed a little sturdier which is why I gave a 4 rating.
0,Bought this for cakes and muffins.  Very nice ...
0,Excellent visual of how much time my child has to be ready for school!
0,Great for storing coffee beans.  Every cup is as fresh as the day it was roasted.  A must if you grind your own beans.
0,Very good product. Will order more.
0,Very nice. Easy to hang.
0,Very brittle plastic container. Don't drop it. Excellent clean, crisp filtered water. Don't waste your money on bottled water. Where I work, the tap water doesn't have a great taste. Zero water travel bottle is the best!
0,perfect!
0,gave as a gift
0,loved these, color was spot on
0,Very comfortable sheets!
0,You have to understand that what I had before was a very simple basic toaster with a dial. This new one has settings on it. I love how evenly it toasts my bread. I have not tried it with bagels but the slot is big enough to fit. I've used it to toast waffles and they come out great.
0,A great decor piece for our Cinderella birthday party. We also bought a helium tank to fill them at home. You can take them to a party store to fill, but I liked the option of doing it at home and saving one more trip out on party day.
0,I read the reviews saying this thing can't reach appropriate temp and almost didn't buy but didn't find anything with better ratings so gave it a go knowing Amazon would take care of me if it didn't work out of the box.  This is my first time using a fryer of any kind other than a cast iron skillet! :)  It worked like a charm.  We weren't able to remove the temp register from it's houseing - the screws were way too tight.  So I left it and went on a wing and a prayer.  I posted my photo above, but it easily was at 380 by the time the indicator light went off.  We used it for flash fried brussel sprouts and it worked perfectly.  Within 20 seconds I had beautiful food.  It did indicate that it had lost temp (the light went back on) so I simply waited in between sessions for the light to go back off.  All in all seems to be working wonderfully for us!
0,This product works great.  I like how I'm able to be somewhere else and still know what temp the food I'm preparing is.
0,perfect tool for cooking on nonstick cookware
0,Works like a champ
0,Great product
0,We had some ceramic coasters which were thick.  When I would place a glass on those coasters, I sometimes would place it off center and the glass would fall over with the beverage spilling on the table and carpet.  What a mess.  With the Glacio coaster, they are thinner and the problem is solved.
0,I haven't really put this through the paces yet, but I know it is going to come in handy around the holidays when we've got several dishes cooking at once! So far, I am loving it!
0,Works good!
0,Very comfortable
0,No comment
0,Complimentary match for a frame I already had hanging on the wall. Wanted to frame a souvenir painting of a place I visited. Arrived blemish free.
0,Great
0,I like this although it is quite large. It will take up double the space that your regular kleenex box takes up.
0,never brought round but i am very glad i did.
0,This is the best pop corn popper I've had in years. Thanks!
0,love them
0,it is what it is
0,Love the KitchenAid products. Replacing all my old ones with these. Thanks
0,Bought this for my granddaughters birthday which is coming up. I'm sure she will love it. She loves My Little Pony! It arrived on time and seemed to be intact. :)
0,These spoons fit perfectly into herb and spice jars, making them much easier to use than traditional measuring spoons. They are good quality, look good, and are easy to use.  They are the best measuring spoons we have ever had.
0,Was totally happy with this purchase.  It was exactly what I was hoping for in the fact it's small, of good quality & is perfect because now I am only cooking for two & need to downsize my cooking pans.  Would highly recommend these to use for a toaster oven as well as regular cooking.
0,Perfect size & color, and definitely keeps out the sun.
0,This was the perfect frame I was looking for.
0,works great
0,Love it! It's quiet, I can turn the lights off, it lasts all night and there is a spot for oils (although it runs through a couple drops pretty quickly). This is my 4th Humidifer and I'm finally happy! I started with a Walgreens warm Humidifer and it was impossible to clean and I almost burned myself multiple times. Then I got the Vicks germ free cool mist and the filter goes bad almost immediately and has to be replaced often which is not cheap plus it was somewhat loud (but I didn't mind that too much). Then I got the Honeywell germ free cool mist which was good but broken when it arrived and I realized it needed new filters and uv bulbs as well plus there was no where to put scented oils.
0,I have the Entire Circulon Infinite Set and it's some of the Best and Well made cookware.  I cook for a lot of people and it's wear and tear is amazing!  I also use it a lot on the Induction cooktops.  The weight of it is nice.  There is nothing cheap about this cookware at all.
0,Very nice.  My wife likes this likes the features, functionality, and design much better than her Kitchen Aide.
0,Great gifts for nursing grads.  We bought 4 and one came broke.  A replacement came within 4 days!  Cups are great quality
0,Packaged well. Arrived in good shape. They do the job just fine. Thank you.
0,I love these. I pass them out to people in my family who need support, or others who may be suffering. Personally, I sleep with one in my hand, my wife calls it my teddy bear.
0,Great glassware, highly recommend.
0,The original old iRobot battery was a NiCd battery which has fallen from favor for environmental reasons. Most all NiCd batteries have been replaced by NiMH batteries, of which these are included.	NiMH has high self-discharge and loses about 20 percent of its capacity within the first 24 hours, and 10 percent per month thereafter. We can get lithium batteries for our Roombas without these limitations, and that they will last at least twice as long, do not discharge fast, and will have longer battery life. The Lithium is called the iRobot Extended Life, or Xlife. They sell for about seventy nine dollars. I have some other lithium batteries that are four years old and still going strong, so while the initial cost is more, they don't have to be replaced.	Compatible with the following models:	iRobot Roomba 510	iRobot Roomba 530	iRobot Roomba 535	iRobot Roomba 540	iRobot Roomba 550	iRobot Roomba 560	iRobot Roomba 570	iRobot Roomba 580	iRobot Roomba 610	iRobot Roomba 760	iRobot Roomba 770	iRobot Roomba 780
0,I love it .I love it .I love it .
0,I am a super unorganized person, but I love costume jewelry so I have a collection that is building. I never know what to do with my chunky necklaces and bracelets I usually just stick them in a drawer but I am the most unorganized person in the world so the drawer looks awful, I decided I needed some help and found this. At fist when it arrived I thought that my chunky bracelets wouldn't fit but they do! This is fantastic, I posted a picture of what it is like, it fits any sized hanger which is a plus, and is holds a lot more jewelry than I first expected. I could see this also working for hair clips, hair ties and bobby pins. If you are looking for a different way to organize yourself this might help, I've tried everything from boxes to drawer dividers but this worked well for me.
0,I did alot of research before purchasing this model and none of the others did the work as well as this one. yogurt is superior.
0,SO cute!
0,Strong & sleek.  I've gotten 2 of them.
0,Always my go-to.
0,Love these! They are sturdy and *click* into the stand so they won't fall out. The funnel and cleaning brush provided are great accessories. We use our set all the time!!
0,I have a queen size one that I really liked and it gave me good service.  So was happy to get the twin size one and it was just as good.,
0,I received this whisk for free to review.	First off, I LOVE the bright colors. Whisks are such an integral part of a kitchen gadget set, why not have them be fun? I didn't really get the "balloon" part until I had this whisk in my hand. It's coated with balloon like material! (Not latex, but looks like the balloons from your childhood). It comes with a lifetime warranty card, so that's awesome. It's really easy to clean as the wires are easy to move around. Using it is simple, the handle is thick and easy to hold. It moved through scrambled eggs with no problem!  I definitely recommend this whisk!
0,Great price for a bed frame especially on Prime. Shipping or delivery would typically be high for a heavy item like this. Look carefully at measurements to make sure you have the right frame that you need. Note that this frame isn't that high off the ground in case you are looking to store bulky  items under your bed.
0,So far, it's working. I had to velcro the back pillows in place - that was a surprise, but not a big deal. The packaging was good. The sofa cleans easily (some sticky stuff got on it already).  There are 3 long screw-pegs connecting the two sections --- would have liked some more, but can also figure that out. It was a great price and well-packaged. Works in my office. I'm happy!
0,Get's warm quickly -  a bit too warm so we are glad we bought the 300W TBL03-10E Leviton dimmer switch  others recommended.  Mat is a decent quality and does the job well of keeping feet warm.  We were hoping it would provide some area heat such as under a desk - what we found is that we get warm feet but the knees and thighs are still cold when sitting. We still have to use a space heater.  Hence 4 stars.
0,Very helpful to organize the kids closet!! We love it
0,good
0,Love the colors! Could not be more happy with this pillow then I am currently and the others that I purchased from the Deny collection
0,Cute little salt holder, works great
0,JUST RIGHT	....
0,I'm really impressed with these bins! They're perfect for keeping those recyclables ready to go on recycle day. No more tedious resorting bags full of cans and bottles.  The sturdy handles fold forward to stack and backward to store and best of all they take up very little floor space so I can put them where they're most convenient (and most likely) to use. A thoughtfully designed welcome addition to my kitchen routine.
0,My last one was 40 years old, this was a wonderful replacement, can't live without the electric knife
0,great
0,Loved them.  Perfect!
0,Excellent value, great spinner that dries the lettuce efficiently and is easy to clean and store.
0,It's exactly what I was looking for. I wish the top button was a bit smaller, otherwise it's well designed.
0,Works great
0,Wish they specified it is only 1 spatula for the price.!
0,Worked as described. Clear balloons are just that: clear balloons. They are slightly cloudy I would say. In certain light, it does have a "condom" quality to it (color). In brighter light, I was good though. They are actually still holding air after nearly 3 weeks. The amount you get for the price is a great deal too. Believe me, I searched.
0,I needed to replace some old vertical slat blinds and my budget was limited.  More than anything I needed some insulation from the cold coming off my sliding glass doors.  I bought these based on all the good reviews.  I really liked that the side facing the outside was not that horrible white plastic and the same color was on both sides.  The material has a very high end silky feel and it was so light compared to others I had seen I doubted it would do anything to insulate against the cold...I was wrong.  The room is markedly warmer that before and the temp has been in the low teens here.  I felt the two panels were enough for my standard sliding glass doors and covered them completely when closed while still giving a nice wavy drape.  Because of the lightweight fabric there is no need for tiebacks unless you want the decorative look of them.  The curtains easily gather together at each end and hang nicely straight so I will not be using tiebacks.  The window drapes I put in my dryer's steam fresh setting for 15 minutes and they came out wrinkle free.  Because I had issues with a stripped screw while hanging the sliding glass door curtain rod and I just wanted them up, I did not put them in the dryer...after a few days the folds did not fall out so I got out my garment steamer and with little effort the folds melted away.  I did notice after steaming that the curtains were about a quarter to a half inch longer which was fine with me. I do have animals and I got black curtains however I have not noticed any issue with pet hair sticking to them as that can be such an issue with some curtains.  Now that they are up and wrinkle free they look so good I can't imagine being happier with another choice at any price.  I thought I was settling based on my budget instead I am as happy with the results as if I had spent a fortune...and my budget stays intact!  Highly recommended!
0,easy assembly.  just right for a tight spot (i have a closet set up). holds my back nicely and straight.  no back sweating either as the mesh is a mesh! :-)  go for it.
0,Great product
0,Used these as glowing tendrils for my jellyfish costume. They were great for the purpose. One of the nice things is that the purple ones aren't very bright, so they're not blinding and they're kinda eerie. They are a little on the pinkish side, not hot pink, just a pinkish purple. If you're looking for really bright strands, get a different color.
0,Cute!  They were a hit at a Halloween party.
0,This is a great stylish addition to add to the kitchen! It's a good size too. Well-packaged and speedy delivery!
0,I've owned these for 2 years, although they are very light, they seem very durable. Very happy with this purchase!
0,Very pretty. Allows for hanging on the wall or placing on a table.
0,Cheap addition to an Elsa room!!
0,I give this 4 stars because it was a good value of the price.  The lid does not have a vent hole, so steam makes the lid bounce around and vapor drips down the sides as a result.  Also had a small blemish in the interior (a cavity) steel.  OK for the price.  Not perfect.
0,This is for initial thoughts, as I will not know how well it holds up, though it looks/feels very durable.		Good looking basket.  Great design.  I purchased some nice washcloths to use as guest towels.		I am ALWAYS available to answer questions on products I have purchased.  Feel free to contact me:)  God Bless you!  Num 6:24-26
0,Great Product.
0,Product does it's job, holds paper towels. I wish it had a design on the other side, since we have it on an island and it's visible from all sides. But ti's sturdy, heavy and does what it's meant to do.
0,Item came as described, good quality.
0,We use this when we cruise to hang on the door and store easy to get at things we use everyday.
0,This is amazing for the play room. Tumbling and restling
0,looks great, really uses battery quickly
0,Love being able to keep my ceramic knives sharp!!!!!
0,I recieved the 10 inch queen mattress three nights ago and my fiancee and I could not be happier. He weighs a little under 400lbs and I am around 175lbs. Our last mattress was way too soft and became malformed after just a year or so. Just three nights on this and we both wake up in less pain and with more energy. It is very firm. Make no mistake. It took a little time to get used to it but I love it. No more sinking. The side walls are very strong. It only took 12 hours for it to reach the full 10 inches too. No weird smell. So happy I might have to see about ordering another to put in storage depending on if its ok to leave it in its wrapping for an extended period of time or not. Either way we are very satisfied. Wish I had bought it sooner.
0,Very pretty but large spice bottles would not fit thought it was over priced for the size
0,Gets the job done still looks nice
0,Ok - now I know how to cook..and how to make rice in a pot on the stovetop...and until now I thought my rice was really good. Had many compliments to it..so I didn't expect to be outdone by this machine - perhaps matched but not outdone. BUT dammit...I have to sadly admit this damn thing makes rice waaaay better than the one stove pot method I have done for decades... Something about the steamy sticky texture that is not overcooked or undercooked which sometimes happens unevenly in the stove top method. I purchased this after I read the reviews and figured for the price I would try it..cause I could always use it to cook pasta or potatoes...but yeah it was worth the $$ and I would buy it again. Good job Aroma.
0,I've used this a couple of times and it's as great as all the Farberware products I use. From my experience with the company their cookware and bakeware can't be beat. It is made to last and it's the best non-stick I've ever used. From Bundt cakes to double boiler pots, everything cooks perfectly and the clean-up is extremely easy. I look for their products and so far I've not been disappointed in quality or value.
0,These pad are great.  They are thicker than I thought and the fit perfectly in the pans!
0,Quality product delivered on time!
0,Loved this cutter! As always Ann clark cutters are amazing and such great quality
0,Another beautiful seashore design.  I love these cups and this is a favorite.  After receiving this one I ordered more Cape Shore seashore cups.
0,They are comfortable and soft
0,The Kuche Chef  Premium Potato Ricer is a kitchen must have when it comes to making silky smooth, mashed potatoes. Just cube uncooked potatoes then add them to a pot of water and cook away. When the potatoes are cooked, drain the water and add the potatoes to the ricer, press, and you've got all you need for lumpless mashed tators.		With silicon strips on the handles it is very comfortable to hold while pressing the potatoes or other food you are pureeing through the ricer. Silicon covering the metal on the protruding piece at the end of the ricer makes setting on a bowl or pan easier, lessens the possibility of slipping, and removes the risk of chipping or scratching bowls or pans.		Think about adding whole spices like sprigs of rosemary to the water to add a subtle flavor to the potatoes while cooking. Instead of milk, add half & half or whipping cream when ready to whip the potatoes. Heat the milk, half & half, or whipping cream before adding to the potatoes to keep the potatoes warm.		Using this potato ricer makes mashed potatoes a dreamy, comfort food that will be sure to please and impress your family and guests.		It's also great for making your own baby food and pureeing fruits or vegetables easily for various recipes. Pureed foods are perfect for after dental or mouth surgery meals when chewing is too painful.		I received a sample of this product in exchange for my honest review.
0,Super comfortable
0,I received this as a gift and I loved it!  I run a home daycare and using it to make piggy pancakes for breakfast was a huge hit!  The quality of the pan was good.  The handle was secure, and the high quality of the non stick was a major bonus!  I used a spatula to slide the pancake out and turn over to create a pig face on both sides of the pancake.  After using it for many breakfasts, nothing has stuck or torn apart!  I've even used this pan for piggy (savory) crepes.  Each crepe slid out with ease!  I would recommend this Norpro nonstick Pig Pancake pan for anyone with children or pig fanciers!  It'll bring a smile to anyone served a smiling pig pancake!!
0,Great quality, great zipper.  Perfect size & great gray color.
0,perfect fit
0,The are good.
0,All good thank you
0,my 3 year old luvs it!
0,really very pretty
0,Fantastic,  Love it!!!
0,This was purchased as a gift for someone with a tailbone issue from driving trucks for 35 years or more, bouncing around on all types of road surfaces. It's working wonders taking the pressure off the tailbone while sitting in straight wood chairs or soft recliners. He loves it!
0,I got this as a Christmas Present for my older sister, and she just loved it!		I was very satisfied with it, and the shipping time was almost nothing.
0,Worked
0,I seem to sell and purchase a lot of these.  My customers are very pleased.  I would buy it again.
0,Much heavier and larger than my old (20 years) set.  Wish it had come with service for 12 instead of 8. Just hope it stands up in the dishwasher,
0,Very good product for meat slicing and the price was was very reasonable for the quality of the slicing machine. I've used this machine a couple of times and I've been very impressed with it's performance so far. Operating instruction are fairly strait forward and it is simple to use. I do recommend having the meat chilled if possible if you want to slice it thin. Easy disassembly and clean-up after use. Recommend getting the food quality lubricant for the slicer blade after each cleaning. I haven't tried slicing frozen meat so I'm not sure about fuse blowing issues mentioned in other reviews but the unit comes with a spare. I highly recommend this product.
0,workds great,,nice quality
0,The cutest!!!  I love the little key chain I got with it!
0,I really like these sheets. They are very soft and comfortable and not too thin. They are put together well and seem to be holding their color after washing as well.
0,Wow!  The price has sure come down on this!  I love my Flavorstation so much I bought one for my sister and brother, then bought another model just because it was on sale.  They are also sold on it.		The big benefit of this over the Sodastream is that you don't have a special Co2 canister that has to be filled at a retailer.  The Sodastream canisters are $30 each and cost $15 for a refill.  The Flavorstation you can purchase a new canister at a paintball store for $25 and refill for about $4.  HUGE savings!  The cost of this whole setup is almost the cost of a canister alone.  Can't go wrong here!
0,Very soft and fluffy, hope they stay that way.
0,Greatess investment for kids..I mounted it on the mirror! No problems at all
0,Nicely made cover.  Thicker. Holds up to grandchild tossing it around! lol
0,Perfect for what I need.  I am a single person, and use my toaster oven for most things rather than the regular oven.
0,These two pieces were added to my nativity set.  They are very life like and as nice as any Willow Tree piece that I have.
0,I was looking for a product to keep my bacon fresh and this is perfect.  The container has 4 clips that securely fasten the lid to the container and keeps bacon fresh and lasts longer. The container is the perfect size for 16 oz package of bacon and I love the raised piece in the bottom that allows juices to be held at the bottom instead of having bacon soak in the juice.
0,Very simple assembly. Chair went together in under ten minutes. Casters roll smoothly and height adjustment functions as it should. Back support is fine for light to medium duty work, making this good for a home office chair. Not enough back support if you are going to spend six or more hours a day in this seat.
0,This is perfect for the small spaces I can find open in this small apartment.
0,Had a problem right out of the box.  The wheel assembly would not stay together causing the floor attachment tool to come apart.  Think I have fixed the problem by scoring the rod with wire cutters to make groves so the round fastener would have something to cling to.  Have used the vacuum one time and it seems to have great suction and pickup.  I like the door on the bottom of the dirt cup for easy emptying.  The noise level seem to be slightly less than my Panasonic vac that is made about the same as the Dirt Devil.  The DDevil is lightweight as described and the wand is easy to handle.  Overall, I think I will enjoy using this product.  I recommend it.
0,This is the best electric skillet I have ever owned!
0,When used for deep fry, a small spot along the edge bubbled...I hope this doesn't develope into something serious. Otherwise, love the color, and that this pot is heavy.
0,Great quality product!
0,Great value  love it
0,My Yeti tumbler stays cold and the ice doesn't melt for days here in Florida.  This one stays cold with ice for about a day, which is fine because it is so much cheaper.  I also bought the splash proof lid, which the yeti tumbler does not offer.
0,This is a great ice cube tray. The soft tray makes it really easy to just push the ice cubes out of the mold. The lid is also a nice feature because it helps the tray stay stable (since it is a soft tray). The ice cubes are also a perfect size, most other ice cube trays usually make ice cubes that are inconveniently large.
0,Great quality product very useful table cover.
0,Love this pillow...my second one....
0,Great for mini cupcakes but larger cupcakes were hard to fit on this.
0,For the price, I ended up buying one for myself and 2 as gifts.  it's a nice small unit that is very quiet on the low setting.  i have some bigger purifiers, and this little one works just as well in the bedroom. i would recommend it.
0,Great bed for a 6 year old and he loves it,.
0,just as described!
0,I love they way this wine rack looks in my kitchen. I went for the fat chef look and this fits in great. Well made and easy to hang on the wall. Strong enough to hold the 3 wine bottles the picture is showing.
0,while you need an engineering degree to put it together it came out really well.  Nice and sturdy, adds the storage and counter space i needed
0,Very nice headboard.  Plenty sturdy and nicely padded with substantial upholstery.  Plenty of options for fitting it to the bed frame.
0,I love love love them! They are even more pretty in person then in the pictures. I ordered 2 sets and both shipped quickly and came in without any damage or broken pieces. Both sets also matched perfectly in color. The dishes are a great size without being too heavy. I love the maze blue color and that the pattern is pretty, but very subtle. As of right now, I have no complaints and plan to order the serving set and pasta bowl set to go along with them, but I will be sure to update my post if there any changes in my opinion over time.
0,Excellent, super for my new rug, just as thick & comfortable as supposed to be.
0,This fan puts out a good steady breeze.  I just wish the "feet" could be taken on and off like as they do on the smaller twin fans.  I know they are necessary when using on the floor, but here in Florida windowsills are small, so with the feet on the fan will only go to exhaust, as facing the fan in won't go or hold the fan in the window.
0,where have I been - excellent !!
0,Excellence!!
0,Beautiful and soft.  Great bargain.
0,Kids love them perfect. Good price
0,This is the second one I purchased, its such a strong little vac...Just love it!
0,Great hangers for ties!!! nice and small which fits nicely in the closet. Each one holds a ton of ties on each. great for the price and great quality!
0,I've used this spatula for several years now, and love it.  It is comfortable to hold and use, looks as good as the day I got it - very easy to clean and has been very durable.  No rips or marks in the silicon.  The edges are very thin, which is great for flexibility, awesome for scraping out bowls, great for 90% of the time.  When you need a little stronger edge, it isn't great.  For example, when trying to break apart ground meat in a frying pan, or anything that takes stiffness.  I use a different silicon spatula for those tasks
0,Love the height and comfort but loses some of the air during use.  I also bought a battery operated air pump from Amazon at the same time so it was not a big deal.  By the way the air pump worked great too.
0,Arrived promptly as described!  Works great!
0,Just as good as Yeti
0,Finally I can open jars without sqeezing flesh of my finger between the parts of other  "can openers". I don't need anymore another person to open a jar - I can do it with my arthritis hand without affort -one click, and voila! Why didn't I know about this JarKey years ago ???
0,We actually needed this for our guinea pig habitat, and it is the perfect size! She needed to be up off the floor a little (out of my son's reach), and this allows me to adjust exactly how high I want it off the ground. We have it on the tallest setting right now, but my son is still able to peer inside without being able to touch anything. Perfect! Eventually, we plan on using this table in our son's room, but at the moment it is serving it's purpose wonderfully. I also loved that there were so many colors to choose from! We would have preferred the green, but the yellow is great, too!
0,This is the lid for Lodge's 12-inch pan.  It does what the seller claims, and it fits well. That's all it is meant to do so there isn't much else to say about it, other than the usual about cast iron in general, it is heavier than other cookware, and one needs room to store it.
0,Looks good.
0,This is a very cute candle my daughter loved it
0,great product, great quality!
0,It's a good size if you need more storage space and only have a tiny bit of room left.  Enough space to hid a good bit of stuff.  Not too difficult to put together.  Not sure why they call it a broom cabinet because unless you take out all the shelves then a broom wouldn't fit. lol
0,Looks nice on the sofa for a throw
0,Use these on a daily basis. they wash up well and are just great.
0,Got this from Amazon for under $17, and it is a superb Vellux Blanket.
0,High end look and quality.	Heavy chrome base	Opaque white (not clear)	great buy!
0,Always like this album
0,Beautiful!!! I bought two of them.
0,Seems to be well made. Price was great!
0,Big difference in water taste and clarity after using this pitcher. Tastes better than bottled water.
0,nice, but packaging was awful
0,I'm very happy with these knives. Nice and sharp, and made in USA! I love finding quality made in USA products, and at such a great price!
0,I have a very thick full size mattress in the guest room.  I purchased a King which drapes over the sides like a bedspread.  I wanted a usable blanket, not a decorative throw and this is it!  It's a heavy weight cotton in a simple knit pattern.  I machine washed on cold, gentle, and dried on low. No wrinkles.  I didn't measure for shrinkage but I can say it's not misshapen.  In winter I'll add more pretty blankets.  So tired of hauling comforters to the laundromat and coming back to the same tired pattern, etc.  This cotton blanket is so versatile!
0,Nice size!  Shipped quickly.  Price was right.
0,Great price for large baskets!  They seem sturdy and they look great sitting on my shelf system.
0,This has ended up being a nice, quiet little window fan especially great for use in a double hung window. It is lightweight and easy to install in and out of the window as needed but is powerful enough to move air qround well in the average-sized room.
0,It looks good  , and I hope it last.  :)
0,Strong scent that lasts
0,I bought my husband a smoker/gas grill combo for his birthday and even though he can grill a steak and a burger to perfection, I thought having a true meat thermometer would be a wise addition to his birthday package. This Innoo Tech Instant Read Thermometer is a really nice upgrade from the big, old school thermometers of the past. First, it's instant~no watching the temp slowly rise as your meat is out of the heat, and no more chunky top that doesn't fit anywhere in your utensils drawer. The probe on this folds in for handy storage and takes up as little space as a wine key! I received this at a promotional price, but it would be a great addition to any kitchen. I also love that it came with an eBook/Cookbook as well!
0,I have received a wrong item, totally different from the picture. Ordered square plates and received circle HOWEVER, I still like it.
0,I would give this fan 5 stars if it had one more setting (lower). It goes from off to hurricane to wind tunnel to 767 jet engine. They are NOT exaggerating by calling this "Max Velocity High Performance". Great fan if you need this kind of power. Really well made and wall mountable if needed.
0,This is a replacement for the one I broke.  I was very glad to find a new one. Amazon rocks
0,Worked great. Would buy again.
0,My husband is transitioning from military to civilian life. with that transition comes a wardrobe overhaul. as he received more and more ties, he was needing a place to hang/keep them. I wanted something that didn't take up a lot of closet space and these are PERFECT. I like how they hang and that the various colors/designs or the ties can be easily seen so that they can be picked from easily. they hang nicely in the closet without taking up valuable "real estate"
0,Very good quality! Love it!
0,Literally amazing. Changed the quality of our air almost immediately.  Washable filters make this worth every penny.
0,I have ordered from this seller before and purchased a smaller cowhide rug. This rug arrived on time and I am once again pleased with my purchase
0,I use it for sugar. It make a small space look neat without clutter.
0,Unlike our former home which had an abundance of closets, our new place needed somewhere to store our out of season duds. This really filled the bill. Even holds my out of season shoes neatly.
0,We have a round le creuset, and this is just as good at one-third the price.
0,Perfect for organizing
0,Nice, sturdy hangers.  Very large and will hold the heaviest dress.
0,looks good on deack
0,Pretty and useful.  A clever invention.  Colorful, glittery graphic on a black background with a high polished smooth finish.  Flat compact design is easy to carry in any size purse.  Comes with a carrying pouch to keep the purse hook looking nice, scratch free, and from opening and catching on things in your purse.  Sturdy.  Easy to use.  Has worked on most tables and counter tops.  Hard to find in stores.
0,I just love these mats for the shower. They feel amazing & really clean your feet. Good quality product very happy will buy again
0,great for casseroles.
0,Everything that I expected. A good quality toaster. Consumer Report, good buy...
0,as expected
0,Works well and was satisfied with the price.  Would recommend.  What else can I say about brushes?  Would recommend to potential purchasers.
0,Very sturdy!
0,love the storage bins, however, not quite the color I had expected...thought it would be white with gray decoration, turns out that it's more of a  yellowish white...will keep them, too much trouble to send back.  good quality though, color was my only issue...
0,Everything as described, and a must have for campings or preppers.  Very well made and will not rust, and last forever.
0,My husband has been bugging me to get silicone ice cube trays for as long as I can remember.  We have plenty of trays, so I haven't ordered any.  Well, lucky for him, we had a tray snap in two and another one begin to crack, so I went ahead and ordered these as a "surprise" for him.  He was so excited when they arrived and I still didn't get what the big deal was.  But then, I used them.  These trays are so awesome!  The ice comes out so much easier than plastic trays, and the ice is in these perfect little cube shapes.  I want to get rid of all of my plastic trays and stock up on silicone!
0,Looks nice from a distance or in a non-clear container.
0,Works great on onion, not so great on tomatoes. I love tacos and cutting up the onion is always a pain. This makes cutting up onions a snap. It made a real mess of tomatoes though. I especially like the container and that everything is easy to clean.
0,Ordered this as a wedding gift for a friend and when it arrived I was very pleased by how they were boxed and how they looked.  Makes a great gift!
0,Easy to use
0,I like the markings on the container because they are very useful in seeing how much your yeast dough has risen.  This is a big container - I should have gotten a smaller size because I rarely will make more dough than it would take to make 3 loaves.  This thing can easily hold a LOT more.
0,beautiful!
0,You will never need another roaster in your lifetime!
0,Wood spoons are the best to cook with and work with all types of pots to include cast iron.  These are good quality and for the price, can't be best.  Best price I could find online or in the store.
0,Perfect for that morning cup of tea.  Easy to clean and easy to "assemble" (the rubber gasket is easy on / easy off).  The seal is a tight fit and your beverage will not come out of anything except where it should.		It also keeps hot things ridiculously hot for the first hour or so, which could burn your lips if you aren't careful.  Needless to say, be careful.  If you need to let it cool down quicker, just leave the lid off for 15 to 30 minutes.
0,We are very happy with this mattress, she is 100 lbs I am 220 and we both like it.  We had a Casper and didn't like it nearly as much for a lot more money.	3 months in and we are still very happy, no signs of sagging or sinking at all.
0,The cupcake stand worked out perfectly for our event.  It will store well- it collapses into a manageable size!
0,I couldn't say it enough how much I love this little organizer! No more left behind keys or wallets. You simply remove the entire insert from one bag to another and your done! Love it!!!
0,Still have it over 2 years later. Great vacuum.  I just never give out fives.
0,These sheets are true to color. I wasn't sure what to expect in comfort, but I have to tell you these are so comfortable! I will definitely buy from this company again
0,I bought this for my daughter and son in law as a house warming present. I have a older model which I love.  I looked at Consumer reports and bought this one.  We had to iron many pairs of heavy curtains and the steam is great.  Others had said base leaks.  We haven't seen this at all.
0,fantastic item, everyone wants to know where I got it...love it....
0,Nice and deep!  stack nice for storage!
0,Good quality glasses.  Cool print logos on the glasses, just a good set of beer glasses for your bar.  I take them out when friends come over and we drink black and tans.
0,It's Beatiful! Just what I was looking for and worth every penny. Even more.
0,My cat chewed through the cord underneath my power recliner.  Luckily I found this replica cord on Amazon and was easily able to replace the cord under my chair,  saving me a lot of money for a service call from an electrician!
0,Perfect
0,Love this!  It is easy to clean and able to use in a variety of liquids and temperatures.  Great buy for the price!
0,Received as a gift and LOVE it.  I spend a lot of time at the sink - no dishwasher except my hands - so the ridges do lose some color; however it just adds to the depth of color.  I did order another one because I love this design and the colors.  Very pleased!
0,very quiet.  works great.
0,Gave away at hallowwen instead of candy. The kids love em.
0,Burns perfect, quality feel, comes with a sticker. 10/10 would (and have) purchase again
0,I like this product, it's a nice airtight storage unit for senseo coffee pods.  I also use it for the pickwick teas, although they are slightly smaller in diameter so they don't fit as nicely.		I had to tape the labels on, and they don't come with all the different flavors on the labels, but since I was taping anyway, I just cut out the names from the plastic bags and taped them onto the tubes.
0,Very strong magnets. I used them to put xmas card pictures on my fridge.
0,hold a lot of well made containers in a small amount of space.  Easy to use & one lid fits all is very convenient.
0,My granddaughter collects these. So far she has only three but everyone I've ordered are very cute and I have been very pleased. The sender has been very prompt.
0,This is an adorable heater . It is just the right size for my office room.  I have autoimmune disease of the thyroid which causes me to stay cold pretty much all of the time.  I love that this heater blows out warm air but it is not hot enough to burn you.  It will heat the whole room ricely though. . It does give the appearance of fire, which is relaxing to look at.  This  heater is lightweight enough to easily be moved from one room to another if needed.  IIt has options of running just the flames for the look of a fireplace only or turning on the blower for some nice heat.  If you are looking for a space heater, get this one.  It is not only a heater but a lovely decorative piece as well.
0,works great, a little loud though.
0,Love these cups!!
0,so cute
0,Very lightweight and elegant.
0,After months of use, it has worked very well.
0,Liked so much from an on-line special that I bought this set from Amazon!  So comfy and washes well.
0,Fantastic product!
0,Makes such a difference for long days of chopping and cooking! I get so many compliments from guests!
0,worked good as seatcove on my motorcycle
0,Bought the coffee maker as a gift to replace a Keurig, was well received and I am told using coffee grounds via this machine tastes much better than from the previously used Keurig!
0,Great roller. Was a good price as well.
0,It's easy to work with. Some contact paper is so sticky once it's on something it is not moving. This has the tackiness of like removable wallpaper, which is great! I didn't use a smooth edging till, just my hands because I didn't want it to rip. Any little Bibles I was able to smooth out to the edges. They turned out great. One roll with cover approximately 4 shelves I bought from Ikea. So I am buying 2 more rolls to finish my bookcase makeover hack.
0,thanks
0,A good addition to my Boska cheese knife collection. I am very satisfied.
0,Installed easily and seems to work like the original. It's kind of a bad design, with the wand going INSIDE this hose when you convert the vac back to  "upright mode", and I'm sure the hose will eventually get torn again. At least I know where to find a replacement.
0,awesome quality!!!
0,so soft
0,As good as OEM filter
0,small, simple, elegant. My friends are always amaze that this little monster can grind out such smooth grind and then when i tell them i can adjust the setting on it, they are mind blown. My cone filter coffee is much better with this finer grind. :)
0,great job
0,On smaller side. Fits average woman jeans
0,I have been using this model of travel cup for years and I hope they will never stop making them.  I recently had another kind of travel cup fail (flooding my computer bag with coffee).  So, I threw out my other cups and ordered three more of these.  This cup keeps coffee nice and hot for hours and it does not have a mechanical device for opening it so there is no real chance of it breaking.  I have had 4 or 5 of these over many years and the only reason to replace them is when you leave it behind somewhere.		The seal can be hard to open if the coffee goes in really hot and you let it sit.  My wife does not like this cup because she can't get the lid off but if you have reasonably strong fingers you will love this thing.
0,The product works well.  It needs a better instruction book with more recipes.  I used information from google searches on the internet to get the right combination of ingredients and temperatures.  The yogurt comes out better than anything you can buy in the store.  There is a bit of prep work, but it is worth it.
0,The perfect touch to my newly done bathroom. The orange is not flashy, it blends in well. It stays in place and washes nicely. I hung dry it to avoid wrinkles.
0,It is Warm but a little rough  The size is nice i think it is a good deal!
0,Cute and durable for the price. Can't be beat
0,Love it, works great! Would have given it 5 stars but the charge always runs out before I finish the house! Only last about 20 -25 minutes then needs a 2+ hour charge. Too bad the cord can't be optional!
0,Fit nicely on small mouth jars
0,I wanted a bowl with a handle and this is just right for my mixer.
0,Great to have!  I love making my own cup of coffee with using these filters makes it all possible.  Love this product.
0,I am a huge fan of pineapples but usually do not buy them because they are a pain in the butt to cut and the pre cut ones are simply too expensive. When I say this product I knew I had to get it! It looked so easy to use and luckily for me I bought it during a one time promotional period. The corer arrived in a nice box and on the box there are easy to follow picture instructions. The slicer is made up of two parts, the tube with the circular blade at the bottom and the black handle. The black handle can be taken on and in order to remove the pineapple off the slicer. The blades are sharp and the entire tool is very nicely made and feels sturdy.		I was honestly not expecting this corer to work so easily and smoothly! I went to the store to buy a pineapple and was very excited to use my pineapple corer. I cut the top off the pineapple and placed the center of the corer on the core and began to twist. The corer works with very minimal force and is very easy to twist as the corer goes deeper. Once I felt like the corer reached the bottom, I lightly pulled the corer up and the inside of the pineapple came out! It was so quick and easy! The black handle is then removed and the cut pineapple comes out in rings. I then cut the ringed pineapple and added other fruits and used the pineapple skin as a bowl! I love that the pineapple can be used as a cup for smoothies or as a bowl for rice, fruit or snacks. The pineapple bowl looks very professional and is a great idea to impress friends and family at potlucks and parties!		I would highly recommend this product to anyone who loves pineapples but hates cutting them! The slicer makes it so simple and quick and can be done by just one person. The corer is a great wedding or home warming gift idea. This review is written in my own words and experiences with the pineapple corer. Once I finished using the corer I rinsed it and placed it in the dishwasher, the corer is easily cleaned and dishwasher safe! I cannot wait to have a work party so I can show off my new pineapple fruit bowls!
0,Beautiful and well made
0,This stool is perfect for me hanging the air plants and hummingbird feeder.  You can't beat the price and ease for how it folds up.
0,Excelente
0,I saw this rug and trusted the reviews.  Sooo glad I did!  I thought it looked like a great match to my Kakadu mat, and it really is!  I ordered the runner and a smaller rug for the back door. The rugs have no-skid backs that actually work!  They aren't too thick, so the back door doesn't catch it. They are both plenty absorbent as entry rugs, with soft pile under bare feet. Haven't washed them yet, so I can't say if the backing survives. Overall, I'm verry happy, and would buy again.
0,The OEM stuff fits and functions as it should. Had some fit issue with the knock offs and they don't save enough money to be worth the frustration and wonder about how must dust is passing around the edges and shortening the life of the mechanism itself.
0,bigger than I thought, but a great pan!
0,Great gift.  Good detail.  Bought one for myself as well.
0,great
0,Shipped on time and product is as promised.  Would purchase again.
0,the clock part never stayed on the wall, the mirrors did, so i just kept it as decor for the wall n throw the clock
0,works!
0,We have smaller tanks on our toilets, so I ordered one first... it fits great. It comes in slightly forward, due to the size of the tank, but does not interfere with an individual sitting there. Really reduced clutter... ordered the second one last week. Very happy with it.
0,Works really well good deal and fast shipping
0,A five piece set with pastel colors such as this one has a lot of potential to fit into different kinds of surroundings. It would brighten up every room, whether it's an office, a waiting room or simply your living room. It's quite graceful and gentle, but still able to give any room a personality.
0,Excellent hangers, but note that there's not a bonus included in this advertised bonus-pack.  If you order one pack of 12 of these with Prime, it will cost you 11.52.  Two of those packs of 12 will run you 23.04.  I therefore expected to receive some sort of additional number of bonus hangers because it was listed as having a bonus pack.  In fact, I received only two of the 12 packs, but was charged 25.99 for the "bonus" offer pack of 24.		Ordinarily, when you purchase a greater number of items, you receive a discounted price.  The reduction in a star is because with the word, "bonus" implies a bonus of some sort  -- bit in this case, the "bonus" wasn't extra items, but was merely "extra cost".		I'm ordering more sets of these, but will place multiple orders for the single packs of 12 as that's the lesser expensive option.  Otherwise, hangars are sturdy and significantly easier to load and un-load slacks and pants.		Perfect for Yoga-style pants, or thicker fabric pants (especially those with cuffs) that can be difficult to load through a standard hanger.
0,Wonderful,,,just wonderful,, best towels ever.  Color weight and size,, perfect!!!!!
0,Have had these for awhile. They are holding up great. They are perfect sizes and seal well. I'm very pleased
0,Useful product. Takes up no space and easy Acess in my kitchen
0,I've found these to be really useful since I ordered 2. They're large and sturdy and the bright colors make it easy to organize stuff if necessary. They're washable, so I usually just throw the bag in the wash with whatever laundry it was holding (unless it's a whites load) - then I have a bag right there ready to go when my laundry is dry! I'm going to order some more so I can set up laundry collection in other areas of my house.
0,Good quality at a great price.
0,Fits very well, is quality constructed and stays in place when ironing. Recommended for those that want to make ironing a little easier.
0,I love this pillow! It's very comfortable, even though I thought it might not have enough height for my liking. I'm a side sleeper, mostly, and I've been very comfortable with this pillow. This pillow came at. O cost with the purchase of a mattress and I'm glad I got both items--I'm sleeping so much better now than I have been in years!
0,great product
0,It's a great cutting board!
0,Be the boss! This no nonsense minimalist design is perfect for the coffee connoisseur looking to experiment with their grind to get that perfect cup of coffee. Its easy to adjust the grind from a fine turkish cut to a full blown french coffee press coarse grind. Once you find that perfect blend you can carry the grinder to work, to friends, or camping. Easy to use and clean too
0,Great!
0,Super cute play tent, doesn't seem like it will be too hard to put together.  This was a donated gift for our adopt a family at work so I won't know how it holds up in the long run but it looked great.  I hope they enjoy it.
0,looks great, works great
0,Works great! Does just what I expected it to do!
0,big enough..
0,Love this pan.  It's held it's nonstick surface for almost a year.
0,We love this humidfier in our home. Its a cute touch to our sons room and provides great cool mist through out the space. We live in an older home and my son gets congested at night. I can really tell a difference when we have him sleeping with this on through the night.
0,This is the easiest knife sharpener on the planet. A monkey could use this and get results. My Zero Tolerance blade is razor sharp after a few passes from the Accusharp. I'm very impressed, and at just $9, it's a steal.
0,Great product prompt delivery
0,HIgh Quality
0,Just what my wife was looking for for craft projects.
0,I replaced a clunky Kitchenaid manual can opener with this one, since it was no longer working.  This is lighter and seems to work better.  The locking feature is nice.  A fair price -- here's hoping it lasts.
0,The kids loooved them!  They were just right!
0,My 5 year old has no problem with these lids though she had problems opening other Tupperware. Perfect size for her portions. Fitting her sandwich in is a little tight though
0,This worked out great in my grandchildrens bath.
0,If this isn't beauty idk what is lol. I believe in dream catchers and was moving for college and didn't have one. So of course I headed to Amazon! And was not disappointed
0,These towels are well mafe, absorbend and cushy.
0,I just received these and they are gorgeous! The Plum Purple is a little darker in person than it showed on my monitor, but that happens.		All the panels are the correct length. The material is very soft and the stitching is excellent. They hang very nicely using the tabs. Instead of ironing them (as I'm afraid they would melt, and using low heat might not get out the fold marks) I steamed them. Worked like a charm.		The big question...do they truly block out light? I'm very surprised and delighted to say they do an excellent job at blocking light! I wasn't expecting how well they keep the light out of our bedroom because of the price point, but I'm very pleased. I'd say they block somewhere in the vicinity of 90% of the light. One of our bedroom windows faces east, so mornings used to be a bear until I got blackout curtains.		I washed them to get rid of the initial stiffness and that helped get out a lot of the wrinkles already. I would definitely recommend these to a friend!		If you have any questions, I'm happy to help. Leave a comment and I'll do my best to answer.
0,This rod was really nice and  easy to install.  It's nice to be able to wrap the curtains around the side of the window to block more light out.
0,We love these candles!  I ordered them to use as part of our Christmas decorations and they have been absolutely perfect and we have received SO many compliments.  The candles have a layer of wax around them so they look and feel like real candles while off, and when on the 'yellow' light setting.  But there are so many other fun color settings that can be used, we will keep these out year-round at our house.  I did notice that if I keep them on all day, the candle light will get a red hue, but if I turn them off for a while and back on it will be back to normal.  The remote control is fun and easy to use.  I can't say enough good things about these - we are super happy with them!
0,I've melted more than one of these plastic basters. While looking for a glass baster, I discovered this stainless steel!  Works great and I highly recommend it be the only one anyone purchases.
0,I am really pleased with these glasses.  I use them mostly as drinking glasses for my preschooler, since they are shatterproof and heavy so don't tip easily.  As juice glasses, I'd probably go one size up however, although these work fine too. Seem very well made, heavy in the hand, and look nice.
0,Best quality and value for a cosmetic organizer.
0,Bought these for holding my packs of tea and I am please with the purchase.  The hinges were good quality and it seemed solid to me.
0,These bowls are beautiful though a little heavy. They are nice and deepperfect for a bowl of pho.
0,VERY comfortable!  Love this!  Looks nice and saves your feet on a hard surface!
0,This device has now become a key part of our meal times because of how versatile it is.  We use it to cook hot pot, fit in the grill plate for Korean/Japanese style table top BBQ or just steam food in when we feel like having healthier food.
0,A great set of cutting boards.  I use one or more of them nearly every day.  A fine assortment of sizes.
0,Very happy with the rug and no smell at all
0,This acrylic cosmetic holder is nice and heavy and just feels like good quality. It can hold *almost* all of my cosmetics. The 3 little "shelves" on the right don't have enough space between them to be able to fit the things I wanted to put there, such as my blush and eyeshadow compacts. I have a couple of cosmetic items that are just slightly too big to fit anywhere (i.e., my transparent powder), so I wish they would have allowed space for at least 1 large object, but other than that I'm very pleased with this organizer.
0,This is a very high quality sandwich cutter. I like to surprise my son with sandwiches cut out in different shapes at lunch everyday. I used this one when a trip to disney was in order and he had a disney themed lunch. This cutter was not limited to just the sandwich though. I have used it for cookies and rice krispie treats with ease. i LOVE the red edge to the cutter, it makes it much easier on my hands when I am trying to push through items with more resistance. Your kids should get a kick out of these, I especially liked using it for rice krispie treats dipped in chocolate and then added onto a stick for an extra special treat, not something i would have tried before I got this!
0,Looks great. Would buy again.
0,I am so pleased with these hangers.  I have been promising myself to do a complete overhaul of my closet and get all matching hangers.  I finally did it and I am so glad these are the ones I chose.  They are very sturdy and they work perfectly for all of my clothes (suit coats, tank tops, light sweaters).  I will be getting one more box so that we can have more on hand.  Excellent product!
0,It slices! It dices! Well, actually, it just grates... But it's pretty great at that task. It makes short work of a block of cheese.
0,I bought this recliner cover for my elderly father's new electric lift chair. He likes the texture and feel of the fabric, but it is slippery on the back and constantly needs to be rearranged. Also, the part that covers the back of the chair is too short and falls on his head or back every time he sits. We solved this problem by attaching elastic mattress clips from the back to the sides. This should come with some type of straps.
0,Good storage capacity
0,Fun idea and easy to set up.
0,Yes, the "beans" go everywhere if you are not careful, but after refilling our child's Big Joe chair, it is now back to its original shape!
0,These are nice and long to cover the forearm and I was able to use them Interchangeably for either hand. Definitely a good and useful buy.
0,Works magic on meat. Easy to use. Easy to clean.
0,I use my set for everyday and when I have company! No one has a complaint!  I LOVE THEM! I bought two sets as well as glasses, coasters, and trivets! I will be using these for the rest of my life!
0,These are perfect in every way. Soft as down. Non pilling  Rich color no fading after 4 washes. No regrets.
0,These are well made, the bottom is actually sticky, and it has come in handy with my 2 year old who has knocked bowls off the counter a few times already.  They are deep and easy to clean.  Just good solid bowls.
0,I buy Celtic sea salt coarse and this is just the perfect size to grind salt up to table use.  It is a good weight and size (to get your hand around and keep it place).  I think the addition of some sort of "pad" to the bottom would make this a perfect product.  I place it on top of a hot pad at this time because if it did slide around it would scratch a counter surface.
0,Best food storage set I've purchased. Finally, a set that can be stored in an organized fashion. Great size.
0,I was looking for something that worked in a Hoover wind tunnel and this seemed to do the trick.	  My vacuume was borrowed to help a family out. What I think they were using it for was a wantabe steam cleaner to clean the mess of a dog and a few cats. After I finally got it unplugged, cleaned, And washed. It still smelled like something crawled up the hose and died. I	Broke one of these wafers vacuumed it up and I have been able to live with the vacuume again
0,Bought 10 of these! Going to re use them today. Very big and holds quilts and pillows nicely.
0,Excellent Product.. I recommend it to everybody..
0,Our bedroom faces the North and we just felt like we needed one more layer on us in the winter months - we also just loved the pattern and the blue appeared perfect for our room.	You know how hotels have a comforter, and then a blanket and then the sheet - feels quite luxurious, no? That's what we were going for. And I have to say, it worked.	The blanket fits well on a King Size bed - it's seriously one of the softest blankets we own - it's a bit thinner than we had hoped but it still serves the purpose of insulating us beneath our comforter. It washes well and we are incredibly satisfied with our purchase - the only notable thing is that it  moves a lot - so sometimes when we wake up, it's in a pile at the bottom of the bed.	My husband also tends to steal it.	I'm not sure how we'll sleep without it in the summer.
0,It's good for what I need
0,good product.  unless your surface is super smooth, use the screws and not the suction cups.
0,I was pleased with my choice
0,I like this rug, and I'm using it for an accent rug in a bathroom, but the colors are different from what you see on this site, but will work for what I'm using them for.
0,This is a great product for anyone who has arthritis or any condition that weakens or makes hands painful.  It is so easy to use and it's wonderful being able to open your own jars without having to call for help.  It's a quality looking product that works as good as it looks.
0,Didn't know what to expect as i bought this on a whim. Happy to report this product is great quality and so far has proved to be very durable.
0,Its straw so it makes a mess when you take the plastic off of it. Otherwise it worked great for my project.
0,Love!
0,nice product.  well made.  very heavy.  good price.
0,It only took a couple of minutes to assemble, it seems to be sturdy and well made, and it is comfortable to sit in.	What more can one ask for in a chair?
0,Really soft, thick sheets that fit mattress well. So many sheets these days are made for extra thick mattresses and won't stay snug on thinner memory foam mattresses but these do. They have plenty of stretch for thicker mattresses also. I'm highly impressed with these sheets.
0,Compact size
0,I could not love these more!  They go from freezer to microwave to dishwasher with no problem.  I love not nuking things in plastic anymore.  I love that they stack and all of the lids are interchangeable.  I'll never buy anything else!
0,these are too cool, I am glad I went with steel and not plastic
0,InterDesign's organizers and dividers are WAY better than any other I have seen - the reason? They are sturdy!!!!
0,Good quality and perfect for the Mimi in your life!
0,I have had these sheets for a few weks now and am really impressed with them. They are made of a superfine microfiber that makes them really soft to the touch. I have washed them several times and they have held up very well. Overall I am very impressed.		I received this product at a free or reduced price in exchange for my honest review. I am not required to give this or any product I receive a five star review and I have the right to change or update my review as necessary.
0,So easy to use
0,I bought a cheap print at a national park I visited this summer and this frame fit the 12x18 print perfectly. I didn't look closely at the picture on Amazon but this has a look of a double mat. Makes it look professionally framed. Will buy more.
0,I loved my Snapi so much that I am buying more as gifts for others this Christmas. Better than a pair of salad hands!
0,Given the reviews, this actually was a lot larger than we expected it to be.  We got it for storage over the changing table in our nursery, and it works perfectly for storing diapers and assorted baby knick knacks.  It was relatively easy to put together.  The best part about this shopping experience was the speed of delivery - we got it today but originally expected to have to wait until next week.  I GREATLY appreciate the speed and efficiency of shipment by the seller!!  Cost is reasonable for the size.  The only things to be aware of is you will need wood glue to put this together because it's just some little wooden pegs that hold it together with fewer screws than I would have expected.  However, given our planned use for it, I don't think this will be a problem.
0,These containers are the real deal!  They are commercial quality.  I like cooking in large quantities and these containers are great for storing large quantities.  They seem to hold up well in the dishwasher as well.
0,Had one before and wore it out.  Good size, wide enough even for a small head of cabbage.  Slices really fine.
0,This was a gift for my sister, specifically requested by her, and so as the dutiful brother I acquired it for her birthday.  IF you know anything about Yankee candles they smell good.  This, a Yankee candle, smells good, is in the recognizable jar (does anyone reuse these things when the candle is depleted?  If you could get the ... aroma out, seems like they'd be good candy jars or random screw and nail holders or decorative lint collectors), and has that Yankee candle label on it.		I'm wondering what precious limited resources Yankee candle is using in their products, because wowee that was about twice what I expected to spend on a smell-good candle.  I mean, quality product &c, but geez guys.		Will I buy another?  If my wife, sister, or mother asks for one, of course I will, I'm not dumb.  But then, I guess that just confirms that I'm not their market anyway.		It does smell good, though.
0,this works great if your looking to have extra storage space, though is probably not ideal for heavy storage because the shelves are made of canvas and the thing thats holding it together are hard plastic pvc type things(be careful with plastic is it fragile I broke a couple but it still holds). You only get one metal bar to hang clothes and that doesn't have any screws to hold it in place, so it slides back and forth but, hardly annoying. This does take some time to build so have a partner help, (will use at least 1-2hrs of your time if done solo.) Instruction are clear, but its helps to read everything throughly and have a plan to maximize efficiency, make sure to install plastic correctly to corresponding sides, or else you'll have to take the plastic out again and reinsert it in the right side (super annoying after having everything in place thats how I broke some :/) but overall the minor things and details, this is a great closet!
0,Really cute little timer....sits on the counter without taking up too much space.  I use it for all sorts of things besides cooking.  For instance to remind me I have been on the computer for an hour!		Works perfectly if you follow instructions.  Good blue/green color...maybe aqua....fits in perfectly with my kitchen color scheme
0,Love this!  I don't actually use it.  It's more for decoration and it's a wonderful decoration.  I've purchased two of them and they are not exact matches in the slightest but each is unique in it's own way.  Would purchase again.
0,Functional, durable bamboo spoon.  Absorbs minimal liquid and is easy to keep clean.
0,I have been searching for a high quality, practical silverware drawer organizer. This is it! My new heavy duty service for 12 fits perfectly in this organizer. Just remember to line your drawers so it doesn't slide. Mine stays put.
0,Works great
0,great for crafts
0,Very cute and well made! Perfect bag for transporting my dog's things as he is my petit prince!
0,My family has been making crpes for years, we just didn't know they were crpes. We always used 12-inch regular fry pans and always wrapped bacon inside (try it). I learned how to make our version well over 55 years ago from my mother who learned to make them in around 1930. Love that the pan is nonstick with low sides for easy flipping. One caveat, do NOT overheat this pan as it retains heat so well. Medium should do it and then the butter won't brown. I tried the crpes with butter, nonstick butter spray and bacon grease. I do not recommend the spray as it alters the golden-brown color which the real butter and bacon grease produce. The ones with the nonstick spray looked anemic. I highly recommend this pan for anyone who loves crpes.
0,great for the price!
0,i love it
0,Great color and material
0,Best thing since sliced bread.
0,Heads up, the silverware basket didn't come with my dish drainer.
0,great quality. luxurious feel.
0,First I will say that this item that came to me was either the wrong one or incorrectly labeled. I won't complain though because I ordered a 1000TC comforter and got a 1200TC one. The comforter that arrived looks nothing like the stock photo. It would be nice if they posted a picture of the actual item being recieved because the stock photo shows a very full fluffy comforter and the one I got looks nothing like it. I do however still rate it 4 stars because it is soft, keeps me warm and feels good and isn't as flat as some others I have seen. For the price I would say it's pretty steep but I do enjoy it so it balances out. I also would like to note that if this is the item actually being shipped out under this product description, it is not solid white. It is a damask stripe. So if you aren't using it with a duvet cover and don't like the damask stripe, you might want to look else where. All in all, I am happy with it.
0,Makes a fine cup (or pot) of coffee, though I like mine stronger than the 'recommended' 15g/cup.		Cleaning and maintenance are simple and easy:  don't put it off 'til next week (OR TOMORROW) & you'll have no trouble with it.		One word of warning:  if you've never been able to make decent coffee with a Mellitta filter, you'll fare no better with this one
0,Overpriced...
0,I purchased this tea infuser after being displeased with a different product.  Loose tea and small herbs don't make their way out of this one.
0,We continue to order these corkscrews because they are the best waiter's corkscrews we have found and the price is very affordable.  This brand corkscrew is very sturdy and the foil cutter works like a charm.
0,POSITIVELY GORGEOUS!!!!!
0,Very comfortable and fits perfectly with the matching table.
0,The round indoor/outdoor rug was purchased for our entry. Beautiful shade of blue and blends wonderfully with 3 different fabrics of Pottery Barn pillow covers.
0,Love it but after a few washes kind of messes up the stitching
0,Perfect room divider for deployment.
0,It is a good quality beach towel. Looks just like the pic. My son loved it! I almost wanted to keep it!
0,As described! Thank you. A great purchase!
0,Just what it said it was!  Yes, it is small, but that is what I needed!
0,Great gift for the baker!  Lots of fun to experiment with!
0,They are so soft. I love them.
0,I bought an older model Honeywell HEPA filter a decade ago, and it was wonderful.  So I bought this one for my son's room, since he has recently discovered allergies.  This is a powerful filter, and has helped his symptoms to improve.  The negatives?	1. It is very loud - especially at full speed.  We used our old one as a white noise machine, but this one is too loud for that.	2. Wind - it creates a breeze, which actually has made my son kind of cold.  His room is pretty small.	3. Light - when the machine is on, a blue light shines.  Again, this makes it kind of a pain to run at night, since it illuminates the room quite a bit.	Overall - a good product that works well, but we really can't run it at night.
0,I lost my old one years ago in a move. this one is used regularly.  it makes so much less mess than the box grater or food processor.
0,Nice little shelf for a fair price. Looks good in place. It serves its purpose. Could be SOMEWHAT heavier.
0,I have yearned for a beautiful wooden salad bowl for several years, wanting to savor the gently scented wood each time I used it. I didn't really seen any that I liked however until I came across this and fell instantly in love with the gorgeous array of colors and the unusual design. This is a work of art that enhances not just its salads but the dining table.		My only complaint--if it can be called that--is the generous size. I did research on the Dansk website to see if they made the same bowl in a smaller size but it turned out this is the only one. (I did see that they made matching individual bowls, however.) It truly is large. You can fit a salad that will serve a crowd in here, making it perfect for holidays and parties. But I rarely host those so I use it every day for just two of us. It works, it's glorious, it's just that the salad doesn't come up more than halfway at most.		I tend to rub a cut garlic clove inside it every time I use it. Slowly, it has taken on that scent but it is subtle. I have also made Caesar salad dressing in it, and that works particularly well since the it narrows down as it goes lower, thus ensuring that the ingredients stay in the bottom of the bowl until the lettuce is added and tossed. The bowl itself is rather heavy and despite the smaller portion being on the bottom, completely stable. The two servers work well together to allow you to grasp a good portion of the salad (including all of its ingredients) and transfer it to a plate. I had been dubious initially that they were both "spoons" but it has turned out to work far better than a fork and spoon.		Is it expensive? Yes indeed, it is. (It's one reason it took me two years to work up the courage to spend the money for it.) But this is one of those lifetime purchases. You'll likely serve salads from this for decades to come. I give this my highest recommendation.
0,Excellent value and looks way more expensive than what I paid. The color is subtle - modern, yet clean and yet still enough color to brighten the dullest of rooms.		I will probably not use the bed skirt as our guest bed is a steel platform bed, and I'd like to retain its clean lines. The pillows that come with it really tie everything together.
0,Love this spring water!!!
0,This is so beautiful!! We love how it looks on my daughters room and my daughter also is in love with it.. we love the communication with the seller as well.. just so happy with this purchase.. Thank you Thank you
0,I purchased this lunch bag for my husband, it works out perfectly. Keeps food cold and holds a lot of foods. If this lunchbag gets soiled, you can simply wash it and air dry. Best lunchbag ever.
0,I think these gloves are a real value. I use them when I make jalapeno poppers, and they work perfectly! I don't know if they will last for an eight hour shift in a restaurant, but they are perfect for the home chef. I have large hands and the gloves fit fine.
0,Good product
1,NOT made in Ireland. Coarse, stiff fabric. However, after several washing a it dries well.
1,People say these knives are sharp. I agree. They are sharp out of box. However, the sharp edge holds about a week or two, by only doing light duty work, such as peeling fruits and slicing meat. It doesn't become dull, but the the sharpness wears out. To prove my point, I took a few photographs on the edge of the 3.25-inch Straight Edge Parer. They are uploaded to the customer images section.  Each one show a section of the blade. As you can see in the first picture, the edge near the black handle is least used. It still maintain the original sharpness. The edge is very smooth in the picture. The the left, you can see the edge becomes fuzzy through out the rest of the blade. Remember, this is only after two weeks of light use.	Update:	From a technical perspective, I stand by what I wrote about reduced sharpness in light use. But after a couple years of use, I have changed my mind about the value of this knife set. It is indeed one of the most handy tools in the kitchen. The advantages of the paper weight become clear. Even though I have another forged paring knife, I prefer to use Victorinox for ease of maneuver. The cutting edges, although losing the factory sharpness initially, never become too dull to use.  For practical purposes, they are holding up very well.  I'd be giving it a more positive rating today, and recommend it to other shoppers.
1,I ordered two of these and regret it. They were a total mess and not very nice at all. I sent them back.
1,You can never take off the sticky price tag and there are black dots on the spoon which looks like mode.	I just discarded it
1,First the name is misleading. Bradex Potato Chipper Potato Veggie Chopper - Best for French Fries & Apple Slices - Potato Chips Waffle Maker. The product will only cut into narrow julienne type strips. There is only one blade. No other blade is available. There is no way to make any other type of cut. I do not know how they expect waffle chips to be made. No directions came with unit. Unit seems reverse able.  I used it backwards. It took awhile to unstick it. I do not know if the blade is dull or the narrowness of the slices. It is extremely difficult for it to cut threw a small white potato. I was concerned that the amount of pressure I was using might break unit. Too bad, cause unit looks nice and plastic seems durable.
1,Poor quality.  Bought this 3 months ago for over $300 and it is leaning on the side you get into bed--and this started month one.  Do not recommend, heard of better brands of memory foam, was hoping a bamboo eco friendly would hold up and work.
1,They&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Chicago-Cutlery-Landmark-12-Piece-Knife-Block-Set/dp/B00091SD9U/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Chicago Cutlery Landmark 12-Piece Knife Block Set</a>&nbsp;all have gotten full of rust spots.  I have old wood-handled chicago cutlery, which doesn't rust.  I received the brand new set as a gift, but I'm disappointed that they are covered with rust since the first time through the dishwasher.  The company doesn't care, I called and they told me to get barkeeper's friend to remove the rust, and to wash and dry them by hand.  Really!!!  My old set goes through the DW perfectly!
1,This toaster has lots of appealing features.  It stays cool on the outside and has several shelf levels.  It is also the wonderfully easy  to clean.		But it took up a lot of counter space. I found that the oven heated very slowly and the thermostat never really held the heat at the right level.  It took me 1 1/2 hours to cook a potato (which had been preheated in a microwave).		I think it may have been defective, but decided to exchange it for a more expensive panasonic with a smaller footprint, so I'll never know.
1,Very thin
1,The glass is too thin on these old fashioned whiskey glasses.  The style is fine but you need a heavy glass for old fashioned type drinks that will stand up to abuse.  These appear to break easy so I am being careful with them for now.  I will donate them to a good cause on my next trip to the local wear and share and order some that are more robust.
1,I ordered this Jan 5, 2010, despite other warnings, thinking I might get lucky and get the right filter, and if not, at least amazon is usually good about returns.  Sure enough, I only got the cheapo filter for taste, odor and sediment, not level 4 as advertised. I don't know what to do now to find a quality replacement filter!
1,Okay....have used other Aerators that fit on the top of bottle.	This is too much bother, for several glasses being poured.
1,DOA, didn't work right out of the box
1,MY HUSBAND AND I TRIED IT AND IT DIDN'T TASTE LIKE POACHED EGGS
1,Way too small.  Gave it to charity
1,I had high hopes for these clips but the first time I used it snapped and broke. Disappointed.
1,very poor quality.
1,This product simply doesn't keep splatter contained. To make matters worse, it's not reversible because of the folding handle (a nice feature, but should have a locking mechanism). Maybe there is no such thing as a 100% effective splatter guard, but this one is way more trouble than it's worth because at the end of the day I've got to clean the stovetop - and the splatter guard!
1,Just ok. Sadly the Pom poms were all squished and misshapen. The felt was sooooo cheap and thin looking. I used it for Christmas Day and then tossed them.
1,These stretched out of shape and were sloppy.  They were deep enough for my mattress, but still slipped off the corners.  They do have a nice hand, but I tossed them after two washes.
1,I don't even know where to start it was so awful! First of all it is NOT the size shown (each smaller than listed). The art was so awful. It looked as though a Jr. high student painted it. The art is NOTHING like what is shown in this photo in terms of color, object placement, quality, use of oils. All I can say is if you think you're going to get the painting shown here in this picture (LOL) think again! I will NEVER trust Wieco's canvas prints again and I will tell everyone I know not to waste their time. It's a joke!
1,Looks too fake.
1,I ordered another one of these - The Blue Roan - and it was stunning.  I ordered this one and it's just a rolled up canvas type picture.  I wanted a canvas art piece ready to hang and got a poster instead.  I am not happy at all.
1,Totally disappointed. Fragrance is very nice once you open the jar.  However, once you pour the oil in your container along with the diffusers you don't smell a thin...!
1,Disappointing for a Dyson OEM part - the flexible extension just folds and triggers the DC59 auto shutoff.  In the dyson demonstrations they show it bending without creasing, but I have yet to see this in practice.		The crevice tool with the purple zig zags is quite handy, but the connection to the extension wand is wider than the tool itself, limiting its usefulness. I can get in between my stacked washer/dryer, but I cant fit it more than a few inches under the oven or fridge.
1,Not a great quality chair, after 1 month of limited use the chair won't stay up, considering I'm only 125lbs, this is not good whatsoever.
1,Very disappointed in these sheets. They aren't nearly as soft as other bamboo sheets I have purchased and they are coming apart at the seems and I haven't washed them yet.
1,I returned it.  I was looking for a stainless steel spoon of this sort, and couldn't believe my eyes when I noticed there was another type of metal joining the spoon to the handle.  I even called Frieling to try and find out what type of metal was used, and they tried to find out from the manufacturer, but had no luck. I didn't want to take a risk that maybe there was lead in it....
1,The fine print at the bottom of the page says this is for refurbished model.  You can pay $5 LESS to get a brand new grinder on this same web site.
1,Poorly packaged. No return sticker. And I didn't have the energy to return it. I rarely give anything a one star, but I was so disappointed.
1,received product and package made funny noise...the mirror glass was all shattered..you would think people would know not to put glass between 2 thin pieces of cardboard !!
1,Great idea
1,Bought this at a local store for a little less than the Amazon price.		It heats food well, but also gets the plates hot, which my previous microwave didn't. If the food needs a lot of heating, the plate will get uncomfortably hot.		It defrosts very poorly. It takes over twice as long to defrost a bagel compared to my previous Panasonic.
1,The only positive about this mug is that it keeps the coffee hot.
1,I bought a cheapie silicone 6-cup muffin pan at the local department store.  It has a nice slick finish on it and the muffins pop right out.		So, I think, it's a GOOD idea to buy a KitchenAid 12-cup - because after all KA makes great stuff, right?  WRONG on this one!		Whoever thought it was a good idea to put a TEXTURED FINISH on this thing needs to think again - the muffins stuck in it just as badly as they stuck in my old metal pans - tried it the second time using nonstick cooking spray and that didn't help either!		Don't bother with this one.  Find one with a slick finish!
1,It worked great and we enjoyed having it - until one of the 4 tiny little brittle plastic nubs that holds the entire assembly against the wall pad failed and the entire thing fell onto the floor and cannot be put back in place because the plastic nub itself is broken - this occurred after only about 4 months of use - hopefully Oxo will stand behind the "satisfaction guarantee" on the exterior box when I contact them since the Amazon return window has already closed.  This seems to be a basic design flaw - these plastic nubs either need to be larger or made out of a longer-lasting, more resilient material for a weight-bearing shelf designed for use in a humid environment with temperature changes (the shower).
1,After I went through the process of preparing my window, cutting the film, spraying the soapy water on the window... I then realize theres absolutely no backing on the film. So theres no way to apply it unless I tape it to the window. So disappointed.
1,This purchase was a bad idea. Purchased for grandchild (birthday present), does not work.	Should be workable by child, but isn't. Will be returned for blender!!
1,I had to double check this posting, but this candle is VANILLA SCENTED, which is not listed.  I hate it when people review the posting or the seller and not the product itself, but in this case, I think it's important that people know, in the case of scent-sensitivity.  The smell isn't all that strong and it certainly doesn't waft across the room because it's not actually hot, but it's strong enough to bother me, particularly because it doesn't smell like good vanilla.
1,Oven showed up with only the shell. No shelves, etc. Such a pain in the butt. Seriously, how does a toaster oven come with no shelves? This was a birthday gift for my mother in law and now it's a huge FLOP!
1,The inner part to 'cut' the ice cream is not well aligned, and leave a good space between it and the scoop. The trigger is not soft as well. Also 'colors vary' means you might receive a bright pink, which unfortunately I don't like.
1,You can get it with more options for the same price on QVC
1,So disappointed. I had been re-using the Method foaming soap bottle, but thought this would look nicer in my bathrooms and kitchen. I bought three and the one that gets the most use has started sticking every time we use it. I have only had them for about three months. I'm expecting the others to do the same soon. This was supposed to save me money, but I feel like I threw $30 down the drain.
1,I think I have been scammed because I thought they will come in a 3D dimension as it shows in the picture, instead I get a peace of rolled up plastic with no frame or anything. it is just a cheap picture!	Do not buy!
1,I have to say this is a pretty useless item.  The blades are not sharp enough to slice down on the apple (at least not sharp enough for me)..I end up getting a lot of the core itself in the apple slices themselves. I seriously do not think this device saves any time at all. Save your $10 and just slice the apples with a sharp knife.
1,These were disappointing, I only purchased them because I couldn't find others in the dollar store, where I usually get them. The holes in the netting are large and the umbrella mechanism doesn't function well so they stay crooked and don't cover food enough. I returned these and finally found the cheaper ones which work better and can be replaced cheaply if needed.
1,I am not very happy with it. I wish there was more information on how the settings work. But not clear enough
1,The towel material is too thin and light weight for practical use as a kitchen towel, and the washing instructions say they need to be washed in cold water on a gently cycle and only use a non-chlorine bleach, and then dry at a low temperature.  From a food safety standpoint, kitchen towels must be sturdy enough to be washed in hot water with chlorine bleach and then dried in a hot dryer, which will help kill bacteria.  The majority of food borne illness is transmitted by hands and unsanitary kitchen towels oftentimes contribute to this issue.  I spent a lifetime career in kitchens as well as teaching food safety and the HACCP program, so my opinion is based on education and years of experience.
1,Bought this because other small crockpot had no settings. This one isn't any better and low seems to be as hot as high. Burned my cheese dip
1,Sharp and easy to use. Problem: it is supposed to be stainless steel but it's stained. Pretty annoying.
1,One of the pivoting grippers on the large arms broke off after just a few uses.  Without this the whole unit is useless.  Save your money.  Don't buy.
1,Cheaply made and came with dents in the sofa.
1,This product failed within two months.  Instead of a refund GE issued a rebate coupon to be redeemed with the purchase of another like product.
1,Broke after 3 uses
1,Even though I was able to find "THE" secret measurements of these containers before I purchased them, I did like the convenience of having the colors and sizes on hand to plan out my meals... HOWEVER, shortly after purchasing them, my local grocery store had the "comparable" version for $7.99... colored and all... Waaaaay to expensive for what it is.
1,Didn't realize these were plastic - looked porcelain in picture - now are in donation bin at local charity
1,Much bigger than i thought it would be.
1,Less than one year with cautious, less than daily use then Kaput!!!	Lame, lame, lame.
1,It's pretty but really bad quality
1,Heavy on the bottom, even at fullest level it has memory foam at the top that compresses. Not for side sleepers, not sure who would use this.
1,Unfortunately, I did not take heed to Christine's review and decided to give this a try.  I couldn't agree with Christine more and wish I would have listened.  I also own many Atmos dvds and love most of their products. The quality of the dvd is sub par to anything else that I have ever seen from Atmos and they should be ashamed to have their name on it.  The green screen effect is really poor.  There's a noticable halo around Santa for most of the dvd.  The lip sincing to the songs is also bad.  Also, in my opinion the singing isn't all that great!  Steer clear of this dvd.  Shame on you AtmosCheer.  This dvd makes the naughty list.....
1,Although the color is lovely and the material soft, there were several small holes near the bottom of the sheet. I'm returning it.
1,Surprised at how cheaply made the plastic is.  Canister does not fit easilly. Had debated paying a little more for a different product. Felt Black and Decker would have a good product. Sould of bought the other brand.
1,Wrong colored grommets than what I ordered,so really disappointed. Don't like having to pay for the shipping to send back.going to keep them and use them in different room that I really didn't want them in. They look like a nice product though.
1,didn't whistle so I returned it....  boo
1,The item I received has square bottom, not rounded as illustrated.  I particularly wanted the rounded.  Disappointed.  Otherwise, the fabric seems tough enough and the seams are holding well so far.
1,I have the Foodsaver v4850. These bags are crap. They don't suck out all the air completely like the regular name brand food saver bags. I just went through 3 different bags trying to seal 2 pieces of butterflied boneless chicken breasts. I bought them a month ago and just started using them this morning. I will NEVER buy these again. I guess you get what you paid for.
1,stiff and transparent. horrible.
1,The kit of vacuum tools just arrived and is now sitting, Outside its box, Outside my front door.	It reeks!	Worse than standing next to the pump at the local gas station.  I bet other products I buy are made from a petroleum-based plastic, but nothing I've ever owned, except maybe car tires, ever smelled this bad!	We'll see how it does after 12 or 24 hours out in the open air.  Probably kill off any bugs that were hanging around. Unless the stench wears off, I'm not letting it back in the house.
1,I like the idea of a solid core and one part silicone on the outside, but when pressure is applied to the ends causing them to bend like normal use would the end of the metal starts to poke through the silicone. Especially on the spoon.
1,I could not be more disappointed in this rug. Do not expect to receive a rug that looks anything the photo, the only thing I can think of is maybe it is labeled with the wrong sticker, the back label states it is a Adirondack blue gray Oriental rug. Instead I received a round rug with black smears as the pattern. I thought safavieh was a good company but after this purchase I wouldn't order another product.
1,I followed the instructions to a T, and this thing has not made one single Ice Cube. I tried calling their customer service, but it was not a real phone number.
1,very deceptive description saying they r microfiber.these sheets are very silky and they constantly slip off the corners of the mattress
1,Not sharp enough to use regularly. Doesn't work very well and it doesn't have any kind of a cover which would be helpful.
1,None of the holes line up so the earrings displayed end up looking uneven.  No one wants to purchase uneven earrings.
1,This thing definitely does awesome on tile/vinyl floors. I have a small house and to clean the non carpeted floors I had to change the water FOUR TIMES!!! It was disgusting!! The water was black! And we vacuum twice a week and mop every week! The floor feels so nice and clean now though. I felt that it left a residue (my fault for adding too much soap) so i went over it again and it did amazing. Sucked up all the water like a charm.		Now for the carpet there is a different story. This dang thing didn't suck up hardly ANY water, i was going at a snails pace pulling it back and it would suck up some and then leave the carpet soaking wet. So i would try to go over it again (not holding the trigger) and it still left the carpet soaking wet. Im not sure what I am doing wrong but i had maybe 1/4 of the dirty water tank full (tinged a light brown color) and the bladder of clean water was empty. Before i started all of this i made sure to vacuum first as well, so it wasn't clogged. And just to make sure i made sure to go back to the tile and try and see if it was not sucking up from there and it sucked it up no problem. I guess the suction isn't strong enough to get it out of carpet. Either way i am torn between this product. It is also really heavy so you get tired after doing a few rooms.
1,Although this rod has a nice appearance, it does not stay in one spot so can not be used. It is disappointing.
1,This works okay, but it was not nearly as powerful as I imagined it would be, after watching the commercial for it.  I would probably not purchase it again.
1,This brand is total garbage and you might as well burn sticks from the forest.	I ordered several popular brands to compare, and Hem was the clear winner.	I can't understand the popularity of this miserably poor quality brand.
1,Biggest piece of garbage I have ever purchased
1,Easy together, but the holes don't line up and I bought 2. Neither worked right. I had to drill a new hole.
1,This egg poacher is built well but I have some issues with it.  The egg cups are nylon or plastic.  I thought they would be Non-stick because they are plastic but that was wrong.  They need butter or oil spray to come out clean.  Plastics are good in many applications but I don't think this is one.  The cups do not transfer heat well, so it takes longer to cook.  The cups are 2 1/4" diameter, which is smaller than I prefer.  I prefer them to be the size of an English mufin.  Maybe us old guys are too picky.
1,Nice but not nearly as fluffy as it looks!!!
1,Doesn't seem it wants to pick up stuff off the floor
1,Surprised at positive reviews.  Not mildew resistant at all.  Had mildew within several weeks in well ventilated bathroom, much sooner than other	curtains I have purchased at Amz.  Will not purchase again, and do not recommend.
1,There was a 3" crack in the crock along the bottom edge which I didn't notice when washing before use. Needless to say it leaked all into the base.  Poor quality control! I will never buy this brand again!
1,The pan is not seasoned and it is made in Taiwan. The pan includes a non-toxic coating which is not in the item description. There is a sheet included in the box which describes the presence of the coating. I have included a photo of the sheet. People usually buy cast iron because of the absence of any chemical coating. The presence of a coating totally defeats the purpose. When you first heat the pan, you can smell some kind of an enamel burning. This product is not even in the same league as Lodge Seasoned Cast Iron Pans.
1,Will not fit a pair of men's shoes
1,Looks great and is sturdily built. But it keeps losing time and resetting must be done almost on a weekly basis. This morning, it was over one hour off. When we reset it, the year was off as well. Since all of our "Return Windows" have closed, we're stuck with it. But be forewarned, some of these are just for looks as they don't keep good time.
1,This is a good looking fan and it is pretty sturdy however it is fairly noisy compared to others this size. It also doesn't blow as much air as others.
1,The measurment markers disappear when you wash it. I wouldnt suggest this to anyone unless you are going to use it one time only. After you wash it you will never be able to use it again.
1,Horrible quality, came with 3 holes in the sheet
1,when i received this humidifier, it did not have an o ring in the cap/i called the vendor and, this issue was never addressed///within two weeks, the humidifier stopped producing moisture///the fan worked but, nothing else worked///amazon was fabulous with resolving this issue and refunding my money////
1,I have an older GE Percolator, model 169185. It works wonderfully but the finished percolating light doesn't come on any more. So I decided to get this Hamilton Beach percolator. It's not good at all. The pour spout interior opening sits above the highest interior water line. This is a terrible design flaw because the boiling water steams out of the spout the entire time it's perking. I don't need dangerous steam pouring into my kitchen, especially in my face when I'm near it. Then there's the basket itself. The lid on the coffee basket doesnt seat inside the basket. The lid rumbles around making the grounds spill up and into the rest of the pot. There was a great deal of grounds in the perked coffee. I even used a disk filter to keep the grounds inder control and it didn't help at all. This is a terrible percolator compared to the GE.
1,hard to assmble dissamble. hard to clean. you have to cut the fruit or veg into very small peices before using. Very regretful bought this.
1,Did not like. Cost almost half of rice to return.  Will not order again
1,They rust! These are very sharp and do a great job peeling things like potatoes and apples. They fit nicely in my hand and I like that they're not bulky. BUT -- after using two of these one time each and then hand-washing them, the blades are rusty! They went into the trash. Fortunately they were very inexpensive, otherwise I would have returned them, but what a waste!
1,It was so comfortable on my flight to Rome from ATL.  Fell right asleep in a comfort and woke to have it almost completely deflated.  It had a leak and, while on a trip, it wasn't practical to fix.  Didn't know how to say, "Do you have duct tape" in Italian.  So wish I could recommend but could only if it is manufactured better.
1,Not sturdy.
1,Hard to open plastic aprons  very cheap Quality
1,Handle gets hot 5 minutes into cooking .
1,I was very excited to receive and use this product. On the second use, I whisked egg whites for an omelette.  When taking a bite of the finished product, I bit down on a hard substance, cracking my tooth. I found one of the little metal balls had come off the whisk and was cooked into the omelette. Needless to say, I threw them away. Very disappointed.
1,I love their candles, but this one has hardly any smell. What is there isn't pleasant at all. Waste of money. It's just a candle.
1,waste of money... does not work...
1,It takes forever, you still have a mess and it's kinda overly crispy...
1,Cheaply made
1,Was cheaply made .. I couldn't line the screws up .. It sits a bit unsturdy .. I would never be able to put my water crock on it .. I wouldn't even recommend it for a plant stand !  :(
1,Very disappointed in the quality of these bags. They don't work as well as some other brands in my Food saver. I won't be buying these again.
1,Pros:	+Comes with eight knives	+There is good weight to the knives	+Feels good in my hands (and I have large hands)		Cons:	-Do NOT cut nearly as well as brand new steak knives do.		I've been using them for about a month now. And I use them about 5 timers per week on steak, chicken, pork, etc. The one con out weighs the pros by a long shot. As far as I am concerned, these knifes cut slightly better than a sharp serrated butter knife. And I know because I have some and these steak knives cut just slightly better. That's just bad. They are not nearly as sharp as I expected and how others had reviewed. I am already looking for their replacements.		You should only buy these if you meet **ALL** of the following criteria:	You NEED a set of steak knives AND	You don't have any AND	You are on a tight tight budget		These will get the job done but I highly recommend you look elsewhere.
1,Smaller than measurements and the spoon end is very tiny and won't hold much
1,They go flat after a while and you will need to purchase new ones. Not worth it.
1,we thought we loved shark products. vaccum, steamer, iron but no more.. this $50 iron is ready for the garbage.  we ruin shirts, pants everything with this unkwown gray matter that shoots out with the steam.  all we've used is distilled water and it's cost us more in clothes and dry cleaning than its worth.  we purchased it from walmart about 6 months ago and it's been a pain in the ass since.
1,Need to be much bigger with a stronger light. Was hoping to project this on my garage. It is well made thus the 2 stars. Returned.
1,What a let down. The pump did not work at all.
1,Received wrong set and a knife broke as I was cutting
1,Too small and way too low and short to impress me much, Shania..........it didn't make me extra viral or anything...just eh..........should be somewhat larger, Kitten...yes, .....so blah blah....not going to blow your mind, Regina...not at all......Deuces, yo
1,Broken on arrival. Wasn't UPS fault either.
1,Tipped over in the oven and the cupcakes were crooked. The silicone is not strong enough to support cake batter
1,Bottle came broken. Attempted to contact the company to remedy the issue, no response. Also, attempted to place hot coffee inside the bottle to test it and it literally was cold within an hour. I actually get more hot time in a standard plastic coffee mug. Wouldn't recommend.
1,The product is very nice just what i wanted .Unfortunately one of the plastic foot caps was missing i called Zinus twice i week later no response. I also used the URL the response was that they are reviewing my request . After over a week that was it . very dissatisfied with lack of customer service .
1,Very short, not the length it stated
1,Horrible !!! The rain soaked all the way through the rug!! So disappointed smh
1,Sending them back	Wrong size
1,Could have been designed better. No need to have the top part shaped like a hanger. The rod hook should attach to the straight piece below where it is now.  It adds too much length so tops hang down really far. My closet has an upper and lower rod. If I hang this on the top rod my tanks get tangled in the hangers on the bottom rod. If I hang this on the bottom rod my tanks drag on the floor.
1,Save your money.  Get something that is of better quality.  These are ok for one time use and discard.  Don't throw your money away.
1,It is difficult to operate this convenient juicer size is excellent  but the spout is improperly  placed and it is impossible to prevent the juice from spilling
1,Not comfortable at all!
1,On second Delivery... Coffee table still marred ... smaller than standard size...not happy! Nice stained color! But, can't give it a AAA+ to these  products...I'm disappointed! ...Unless a friend, has a child's  playroom, this 3 pc.set would be too small, for a standard Living Room !
1,I loved the idea of having a lens cup, however, the tab to sip from is just that. You barely get to take a drink unless you take the lid off. The funny thing is, most of the time I have to take the lid off to drink but it has no problem leaking or spilling on me at random somehow. Oh and, when you do snap the lid hole back in place after drinking from the top (If you've left the top on) it usually splashes leftover liquid into the air and all over your clothes or face, which is great since it's coffee we're talking about.
1,Came with a crack in the wood.
1,I returned this product right after opening as it was completely the wrong color and the material looked very cheap and thin.  In the picture it looks grey, maroon red and cream.  However, the product I received was bronze, cream, and an orange-ish red.  It looked awful!  I returned it almost a month ago and have yet to receive my refund.
1,I have been looking for a brushed nickel framed mirror for a third bathroom for about 1.5 years now. I thought I found it with this mirror. Looks great in pix. Brushed nickel. But if you read carefully it says "brushed nickel molding". The first hint it was not metal was when it arrived. I was ready to so some lifting only for it to be really really really light. So I finally got it out and it looks good and looks like the pix but is plastic-like stuff. It is not metal. While it is an improvement in what the builder put in my 3rd bathroom and while I haven't been able to find something better I will replace this the minute I find something that is authentic.
1,I thought the other reviewers were exaggerating on these knives being so flimsy. I ran them through the dishwasher and my husband used one. It broke. He tried another. It broke. Buying these knives was a waste of time and money. Ginsu are much better.
1,This rug made my entire home smell like a skunk.  I am not sure what type of plastic or material this is made of, but I had to throw this outside because the smell of it was so putrid, I couldn't stand it.  I suppose if I could have used it for what I needed, it would have been nice, because it came in good condition and had a thick material, but the smell was unbearable.
1,What I would like in an egg cooker...my ideal egg cooker...(not this one) are 3 simple things:	1. Has an adjustment setting or knob so the guess work is done for me. (Egg Head has ON or OFF).	2. Shuts itself off when done. (Egg Head stays on).	3. Has a little "ding" when done. (Has a buzzer loud enough to wake the dead).	I really wish I had read the reviews of this product before buying it. I am a review reader with all things, and the one time I don't, I regret it. In fact I am returning this product for the first 2 reasons but the main reason is that THE BUZZER IS LITERALLY SO LOUD, MY BOYFRIEND THOUGHT THE SMOKE ALARM WAS GOING OFF. I am not kidding. Not only is it loud, it is continuous until you go turn it off. Also when I got close enough to shut it off, my hands started shaking because not only could I not get to it quick enough, but the noise level is so obnoxious that my body reacted with adrenaline. Who knew a little egg cooker could annoy me so?	I will give it one star for the size...quite compact. And it cooks eggs...but so can I!	So, with that said, for the first time in my life, I am PAYING shipping to return an item. I have learned my lesson. Never buy something without reading the reviews first. Costly lesson. But a small price to pay to never have to hear that decible ten buzzer again!
1,I have had 2 other Neatos - an XV and a Botvac 80 (not a D80, the old Botvac 80).  My XV recently died after 6 years of service, so I was looking to replace it with another Neato.  Having had great results from my Botvac 80 (which has been in service for about 4 years at this time) I decide to replace the XV with a D80.  What a shock to find out how inferior the D80 is compared to the Botvac 80, or even the XV.		First - the D80 does not have the LED charge indicators around the start button.  The only way to know if it's charging is to push the start clean button to power up the display then check to see if the battery indicator is showing that it's charging.  Not a major problem, but definitely an annoyance.		Second - the D80 seemed incapable of navigating around/under furniture in my bedroom.  It got stuck in places that neither of the other Neatos ever got stuck, and even after placing the magnetic strips in those places to restrict it, it would still seem confused in those areas, spinning around and around, backing up over and over again.  Then for no apparent reason, decided to stop exactly in the center under my king sized bed, not once but every time it cleaned.  The D80 literally would not move for more than 90 seconds before getting stuck somewhere or just simply sitting in one place running with a message that said "Press OKAY to continue".  This experience was repeated each of the 3 times I tried to get it to clean these rooms over 3 days..  It was ridiculous!  If I have to sit and baby the thing around my rooms - rooms in which the XV and Botvac 80 have navigated without issues for numerous years - then I might as well pull the Shark out of the closet and vacuum it myself!  Having become completely aggravated by it's inability to navigate a walk-in closet, bathroom and bedroom on the first floor, I decided to switch the Botvac 80 from upstairs with this one on the main floor.  Which lead too ...		Third - after placing the D80 upstairs to cover an Office, 2 bedrooms, a hallway and a bathroom, I let it fully charge before checking to see if it could navigate the second floor (which has only minimal furniture that it can go under).  From the Office where the charger is located, it left it's dock, moved around the perimeter of the room halfway, then started it's zig-zag pattern of cleaning.  Once it finished the first section of the room, it then navigated the rest of the perimeter of the room until it reached the closet door - where it spun round and round, back and forth, round and round, turning on the blade brush then turning off the blade brush, over and over again.  After 90 minutes of this it had used up most of the battery so it needed to go recharge - which it did successfully.  When it completed charging it went right back to the closet door, spinning, backing up, turning on then off the blade brush over and over again.  Meanwhile on the first floor - the Botvac 80 had already completed cleaning the closet, bathroom and bedroom and was back on the charger sleeping.  That's when I had had enough!		I don't know what they did to the programming logic of the D80 versus the old XV and 80 models - but something is seriously wrong and it needs to be corrected.  I checked for a firmware update on the Neato website - one was not available.  Ever indication was that the D80 I received was up to date.		That's when I unplugged it, packed it back in it's box, and requested a return/refund from Amazon.		I had great experiences with both my XV and my Botvac 80 - I can not say the same about the D80 and definitely would NOT recommend this robot vacuum to anyone!
1,Not so great.	It's too long and flexible it's impossible to fill this trey outside of the freezer.  If you pick it up to put into the freezer all the water falls out.	Also, the cubes are too big for. Water bottle.  I only fill it half full of that.	Bad purchase on my end.  Ugh
1,I was surprised at how cheesy this tostonera looked when it arrived. Then I tried to soak it for a really long time in soapy warm water and could not get the labels off entirely. (I don't like using WD40 on food prep items). In the process of doing this, I noted the big-deal American flag graphic on the back label and thought that meant the product was made in the USA--but, not! It said in fine print that it was *designed* in the USA and manufactured in PRC -- that's the People's Republic of China, folks! It's one thing to buy a product made in China (I do try to avoid this where food and food prep is concerned). It's another thing to buy a product that's trying to "red-white-and-blue wash" the product to make you think you were supporting US manufacturers. I was disgusted and, seeing that I'd already gotten *part* of the label off, I just tossed it out.
1,Surprisingly flimsy for something meant to lift burning logs.  The joints weakened quickly but haven't broken after a full season.  The tongs are designed to make it as difficult as possible to grasp a log yet still almost impossible to let the thing go when you need to.
1,It never arrived, so I have no idea how well it works?!
1,Very, very poor build quality made this blind useless to us and high return shipping costs made it a Goodwill donation.  Money was saved in manufacturing by using inadequate material sizes and sloppy craftsmanship.
1,It looks like my old sifter,but it's not. The hole on the side	where it turns is to large,flour pushes out on counter while	you sift. NOT GOOD.How do you not know the hold is to large. It	 was not expensive so i won't return. But disappointing.
1,Turns into sea weed. Very frustrating to watch.
1,did not fit yeti
1,I found mine at Target and instantly  in love with it, it's the perfect size and portability for the space I had in mind. I have been using and admiring it for about 6 months. I keep the Keureg on it on top of a placemat. I wipe up any spills IMMEDIATELY. BUT NOW IT'S CRACKING IN TWO SPACES. Breaks my heart. I seriously love it and am really bummed out.
1,I thought that this was going to be a really top notch product after all made in the USA, promoted by Amazon, an above average price that went along with a title that claims it was the ultimate and quite a few positive reviews.  Well I am not pleased with this topper.	We have had it for a couple of months now and I wanted to like it since I spent so much on it, but the product degrades very quickly, we now have these mini gell beads everywhere, not to comforting.  It is also very spongy and flattens very easily, giving you very little cradling support, from my understanding gel foam is of a higher quality than your regular foam and is supposed to be on the firmer side, not noted here. The hand depression is pretty much spot on for how much it flattens with only a little pressure imagine it with body weight.  Another aspect that we noticed is that in regards to temp it sleeps like regular foam, yet again its supposed to gel foam and thus cooler. The final problem was that from the first time we got the mattress pad on till we stopped using our eyes and throat seemed to get puffing and soar nothing major but very noticeable from the time we first used ite to when it was removed and then reapplied. Again, we have had other foam products and by and large this is just like those other cheaper foam product only this time we have to contend with blue beads everywhere.  This pad is not a winner for me!	They should update the description for this over priced blue tinted foam mattress topper to something like "foam with possible gel shedding blue mini beads", now that would be an honest description.
1,Did not work with my vitamix sent it back.
1,Not as pictured. What I got was dishes with a very low edge.
1,The coffee tastes amazing! However, I am on my THIRD one. First one the power button stopped working, the second ended up coming to pieces (the french press part), and now the third one just stopped turning on like the first one did. It's under warranty so I will keep sending them back (customer service is wonderful) but I would not buy this again. It would be worth buying a more expensive product to not have to waste my time calling and sending back.
1,*Update*	I used this twice and it sat on the counter for about a week. I went back to use it today and found there's a crack near the top rim. I don't even understand when or how it happened. I was careful with the temp in the water. It hasn't been touched in a week. It broke within 2 uses. That should not happen. It seems a lot of other people are having the same problem. Looks like it not a good quality glass. I would not recommend this french press at all. Such a disappointment,  as when it worked, it worked well and looks nice. Bummer :/		Original review:	I ordered the Krater model.  I am surprisingly pleased with it. After reading other reviews I was afraid of the glass breaking right away from the hot water. But the one I received performed just fine. I used water from my keurig, which is set at 192 so that I wood know exactly what the temp was and not go over the recommended temperature.		I love the design. The stained steel frame protects the glass nicely. It has a nice snug for so the glass doesn't just side out. The lid fits on nicely, but it isn't too snug abs didn't lock on. I like that it comes with extra filters.		The directions say 1 tablespoon of coffee per 4oz of water. My coffee was a bit strong so I'll have to play around with that. It says it brews 8 cups of coffee,  but it doesn't mean literal 8oz. cups. It means 8, 4oz. cups. Why they say it that way,  I'm really not sure.		Overall I'm happy with in. But if it breaks or I encounter any other issues I will update my review.		My thoughts and criteria for products I review: (Amazons Rating Criteria in Parentheses)	' 1 star (I hate it!): Feel it's a waste of money. Will never use it again. Would never recommend. Not safe to use. Either throw away or return it.	' '2 star (I don't like it): Don't like it and wouldn't use it again, but may still have at least 1 positive thing about it.	' ' ' 3 star (Its ok): Product has both positives and negatives, and I may or may not continue using it. Someone else may like it more and is potentially still worth purchasing.	' ' ' ' 4 star (I like it): Item as described in functionality, purpose and quality. May have 1 or 2 things I don't care for or would change, but not big issues. Would recommend if asked, but wouldn't say I love it.	' ' ' ' ' 5 star (I love it!): Practically perfect. Nothing lacking in functionality or quality. Love love love it and would not only recommend, but would purchase for others and continue to purchase for myself.		I received this product at a discount or for free in exchange for my honest review. I strive to be as honest as possible and always consider the full price that other customers will be purchasing products at when I do a review. I have received no compensation for my review, nor do I have a relationship with the seller or manufacturer of this product. I count on honest reviews when making purchases as much as you do!		If my review has helped you, please let me know by clicking below!
1,The hand mixer is sturdy in a pleasing shade of red. HOWEVER THE LIW SPEED IS TOO HIGH. This causes splatters and misuse of some ingredients .
1,these are not yellow they are ugly orange.
1,I have a Paderno spiralizer that I use to make zucchini "pasta," but it's kind of a pain in the neck to get out and assemble every time I want to use it. When I saw this I thought I'd try it since it looked so easy to use, was much smaller to store and was made by Microplane, a company whose products I like and use with frequency. But I am not terribly happy with this item which turned out to require much more elbow grease than I imagined and resulted in spirals were pretty uneven. Even though I was working with fairly large zucchini, they were being sliced mostly by the bottom half of the slicer blades, so it took forever to slice just one. There is a good amount of waste because you can't get the last 2-3 inches of any vegetable through the slicing chamber without risking touching the very sharp blades.		The good:	Small for easy storage	Dishwasher safe (top rack)	Good for quick garnishes, if garnishes are your thing		The bad:	Takes a lot of work to spiral cut enough veggies for "pasta" or dishes that require more than one vegetable	You have to have the right sized-vegetable to ensure contact with the blades - too big won't fit in the chamber and too small won't make contact	Uneven vegetables don't work very well - they will go through, but can't be successfully cut into long spirals	There is about 2-3" of each vegetable that can't be spiral cut unless you want to put your fingers in danger	Not terribly ergonomic - hard to hold after a short while	If you are left-handed, you have to turn the vegetables in a backwards motion		Bottom line:	I had higher hopes for the Microplane Spiral Slicer than it was able to deliver.	Even though my Paderno is more work to get out of the cupboard and set up, the results are so much better that it makes it worth it.
1,Altho the photo clearly says "2 count", this is just a single piece. There are other sellers offering better deals for the same sort of item without resorting to this sort of trickery. The product itself is very nice and eye-catching.
1,The handle broke off within a few months, and now it's useless. It's mostly plastic, and probably won't last too long.
1,One star is to much. I received my Zinus Memory Foam 12 inch Premium mattress and followed instructions for set up exactly. I unwrapped, unrolled and removed plastic. Instructions said to let bed sit for 24 to 48 hours on a flat surface. My mattress has sat on the frame I also bought for 72 hours. I assumed that if I bought a 12 inch mattress it should return to 12 inches or close but my mattress is only 9 inches. Instructions say "due to machine-cutting manufacturing processes, there may be slight variances in the dimensions of this product". 3 inches is not a slight variance. I have tried to call the manufacturer 2 times, no one answers and phone automatically defaults to voice mail. I left messages both times. I have also emailed customer care 2 times and received no response. I would never order from this company again just for the lousy customer service. I still can smell the chemical smell I've let it air for 2 1/2  weeks now I have until February 23rd to ask for a refund and I may be doing it I'm not happy at all with this matress.
1,no scent
1,Does NOT have luminous hands.
1,This fleece throw is wafer-thin, and already has loose pilling of the fleece, as soon as it was unwrapped.  The hem around the edges is more like a loose basting stitch.....basically, a joke.  Unless you are buying this for a pet bed or to wrap up a dead pet for burial, don't buy it.  Even at this low, low price....it's not worth it.
1,Please don't buy the Ragalta it leaks from the botom and it' not worth the price or the effort.  I would say that I made a big mistake in listening to amazon. Dont make the same mistake I did find something better at the store.  I know it's more but you will be happy.	Thanks	Rossana
1,Entirely too small. Takes forever to get a normal size body pillow in it.
1,This definitely was not quilted as it is shown in the photo. It is just a drab, plain reversible cover with smooth detail and no tufting or quilted look.
1,The rug is very thin and the "brown" color has red tones in it, closer to a burnt umber color.  Bad purchase, and really wondering how it got all the good reviews.
1,Does not fit glass 6qt bowl, waiting to see if it will fit a metal bowl when I buy it. So far I like the concept but doesn't fit
1,i bought this kettle and also a toaster form the same company. both products are bed. this kettle spills water when you try to pore water (and this is mainly what you do with an electric kettle!). i love the way both products look but its a waste of money....	i tried to talk to the company to return the items, they would send me replacement if i send a photo of the product and cut cord and pay for shipping $24 for both. don't think its worth it, i'll just order new products from a new company. don't bother.
1,We ditched these after a few years even though they were still in excellent condition because the handles are so heavy at the top that they don't stand up in a pot. If you need to leave it in a pot for a few seconds it will flip itself out and onto the floor. A really bad design in my opinion due to that. Otherwise they were great and stood the test of time.
1,Not worth the money and it doesn't make a complete seal, things tend to get into your comforter and the cover  BAD BAD BAD... Don't waste your money !!! $$$
1,Warped and all the same color, with chipped paint.
1,This stopper kept rising away from the drain with a little facet water. Since it raises , it didn't stop any debris from going down drain. Fast forward to today,  I am trying to fix a clogged kitchen sink. Save your self money and wasting time
1,Way too small good only for a baby or toddler  no handle didn't like it at all
1,Pretty flimsy, mine hasn't broken yet.  Based on these reviews, I expect it will break shortly.  I've used it once.  I really like mesh containers to carry my laundry, so I hope mine is the one good one!  I am carrying this laundry to a basement in the same building, so it's not a huge deal if it breaks.  Would not recommend for people who actually carry their laundry someplace offsite.	I'm surprised this is the 'oversized' one, I can't imagine how small the regular-sized one would be.  I'm looking for something about 3 feet tall.
1,We love the 'instant' coffee part of this.  No heating water and waiting for it to brew.  And we really like the visuals on this machine.  Truthfully, though,  we've tried many coffee's and so far nothing quite measure up to a Chemex brewed coffee (which takes 25 minutes from start to finish).  We have also run into a problem which is a bit mystifying:  It just stops brewing -- a mere trickle coming out.  We clean it thoroughly, refill the water container "twice" (as instructed) and re-install the  water container properly.  Alas, it  still doesn't  work  so we walk away in frustration. Later  (just in case)  we try it again.  Low and behold it works.  I am going to call the company to trouble shoot why this is happening  -- three times now since the purchase in August of this year.  It would really be great if we could find  a coffee we really like but if the brew problem is resolved, the convenience out ways the quality of coffee for us.
1,just a poorly made pillow cover . Mine came with broken zippers
1,It works great on the hard wood floor- but we only have one room with that- the rest of our house is tile- and I don't recommend it for the tile... It does work, but it takes waaay too long and with the grout, it leaves a lot behind...
1,"...fits most lids..." I THINK NOT. One of, if not the most common slow cooker out there are the oval-shaped Crockpot brand slow cookers. This handle DOES NOT FIT oval-shaped slow cooker lids. The metal collar does not fit the shape of the lid, and thre screw pictured does not extend far enough to affix the handle to the lid at all. Worst part - seller will not accept returns! BUYER BEWARE
1,Cannot hang heavy garments on these or hooks might pull out
1,These didn't hold air well and didn't last very long. Droopy party balloons aren't much fun. :(
1,after several use, we quit. to diffcult to clean. people don't like it. pice of junk
1,Worked great for two years or so, definitely one of my favorite kitchen appliances. Then the slicing disc broke, and Hamilton Beach is the most obnoxious company when it comes to replacement parts. I had this issue with a coffee maker of theirs, too. It just seems absolutely ridiculous to me that I spend money on a product, and then a simple part breaks after a couple years of use, but the entire thing has to be disposed of because it is impossible to replace the parts.	I'm going to call on monday (when their service center is open) and see if they can help, but I can't believe how difficult it has been just to get a single part. Their websites are completely non-intuitive, and if I can't figure it out then certainly customers like my parents won't be able to figure it out.	UPDATE: Just called, they DO NOT sell the disc as a replacement part. They directed me to this weird off-brand site: http://abtecparts.com/proctor_silex_fp.htm that looks like it was made in the 90s or through geocities or something. Yes I'm totally going to give them my credit card information (sarcasm). I'm never buying Hamilton Beach products again.
1,Thought these would be great to use for making egg sandwiches. Too flexible & does not seal around the edges so the whites leak out. More trouble using & washing than worth using. It's a cute idea but needs to be more rigid so it fits against the skillet & seal.
1,I would look to see if there are other options, the lid constantly drips from the front no matter how tight, I have gotten to the point where I have to wrap a paper towel around the top of the cup to prevent my shake from dripping on me. Or maybe I just got a bad one, who knows.
1,Very poor quality.  They slide all over my hardwood floor in kitchen.  Also they bend up at the end.  Not happy.
1,Does nothing to remove moths. Was not able to return product or get money back.
1,I guess I expected something more than something that is basically a pepper grinder. All the little goofy containers don' t serve me any porpuse. Don't waste your time on this unless you wnat another pepper mill.
1,I ordered two sets of two. They came well packaged and the containers were not damaged. Two had very tiny chips in the outer edge of the rim that were barely noticeable. I could feel them by running a finger around the rim, but they were not visible. I unpacked them carefully and ran them through the dishwasher by themselves to prepare them for use. When I took them out, one had a crack starting at the flaw in the rim and running all the way to the bottom. Unfortunately, I had not read the one-star reviews before I purchased these. Now I have. After several people reported glass fragments in their food, I no longer feel safe using any of them. I have no use for them, but they came in such a monster box I'd never pay to ship them back.
1,The blender works great but I'm a little disappointed. I hand wash it and dry it after every use and it looks like rust is forming on the blades (the pin/blot in the center). I have only had it 2 months so I'm not impressed
1,I researched and researched and researched and still made a bad decision.  I have been underwhelmed by this slowcooker.  The ceramic insert appears to be the same as would come with any $20 slow cooker.  The stainless steel portion doesn't appear to be any more solid or well made either.  Even before the first use the keypad is falling apart.  There is a stick on piece that covers up the actual buttons and looks like with any significant amount of heat the rest of the glue will unbond and come falling off.  The lid just sits on the top and doesn't appear to have a very tight seal (although it does appear to be keeping the contents in after several hours of cooking).  On the brighter side, 7 quarts is a large amount of space to cook whatever you like.  The first recipe I cooked didn't even fill it up halfway.  After four hours of cooking, there is bubbling but the machine doesn't appear to be boiling the food to nothingness.  I am hoping that looks are deceiving and that it cooks better than it appears capable of.  So far so good, however, still not worth the price.  I think you can find a comprable slow cooker with the same features for half the price.
1,If you just want hot caffeine in a spill proof container, this mug works, although the plastic and the shape of the lid makes drinking feel weird. What I didn't realize is how much this mug would affect the taste of the coffee. I can make coffee and put some in this mug and some in a regular coffee cup, and the coffee in the cup tastes great and the coffee in this mug tastes awful. Maybe it's because of the metal; maybe it's because by the time it's cool enough to drink, it's not fresh. But I haven't had this problem with other travel mugs. I wish I had my twenty bucks and my old, not spill resistant but not flavor-altering travel mug back.		Edited to add: After 3 weeks of use, the finish started to peel around the rim where it meets the lid. So yay, now I can swallow flakes of whatever that stuff is.
1,didn't really like.........not impressed -- gave away
1,It was broken. Where it gets folded.
1,The 'adjustable' is misleading. This caddy will fit only a specific shower head connection diameter that is not mentioned in the description.  I have 3 shower heads of varying size and this caddy will not fit any of them. Ask for the diameter specs before ordering, the manufacturer omits this vital information.
1,Piece of junk.  Wont pull corks...
1,One of the pedals wasn't working so we had it return. What a hassle.
1,polyester crap
1,UPDATE: The coating applied at the factory started bubbling and peeling off. It got into my food. I don't know what it is, but I presume is the same basic coating Lodge uses on their cookware, which is some kind of edible oil. I guess I wasn't that worried about it from a safety perspective, but the flakes did get into my food. Still it was unsightly, so I stripped it down to the bare metal. Unfortunately, you can't season this thing in an oven because of the wood handles, so I did it over my charcoal grill. It worked well enough.		As far as cooking goes, it definitely works OK with charcoal or open flame, but is quite miserable with surfaces that are electric, including induction. Only the very bottom gets hot--the sides, less so.		I'm changing my rating to one-star because of the limited cooking uses and the peeling.		It does what it says, is relatively easy to clean, and is light.  I don't think it distributes heat well, though, especially on electric, induction, or glass-top ranges.  Very hot on the bottom, very cool on the sides.  I'm sure it would do much better on gas.  I'm going to try it on my outdoor grill as soon as the temperature gets better.
1,There is nothing  soft about these pillow cases. They are very cheap with a rough feel to them. A cheap set of cotton pillow cases are much softer then these. Very misleading title. Like most amazon reviews you can not really trust them. Most of the reviews for this were 5 stars. If you are looking for something soft look somewhere else.
1,it does not smell like vanilla at all. smells like burnt grass.
1,It was great until a light went out right in the center
1,Crap, poor packing, poor glass. Go with Pyrex.
1,I thought the red would match my Cuisinart coffee maker but they clashed.  So, I returned i for black/silver model.
1,Better choice of material to make this curtain and I would have rated it 5 stars. But hey "its made in CHINA and that was disappointing
1,What isn't mentioned in the product description is that it takes an entire cartridge form each bottle of soda you make. The more expensive product has CO2 cartridges that last for making several bottles of soda. This product is cheaper and easy to use, but you have to buy a lot more CO2 cartridges for it
1,This is a terrible iron...  Spend the money on a good one.
1,i used it for one week and put it back in the box.  no way of returning it as i tore up the box it came in.  i don't know why the reviews said the air was ice cold.  NOT AT ALL.
1,These candles sell for $1 at the local Dollar store. And they are barely worth that; most/all that I have burned have melted into a puddle of wax; thankfully, I have used them in containers, but you are in for a rude surprise if you burn them free-standing
1,Obviously, this glass lid cannot take the heat, for when I removed it from the heat, it instantly exploded into thousands of bits.		What I was preparing had to be dumped, since it was full of glass, glass everywhere.		Junk, pure and simple.  Check the warranty on the lids...N o  W A R R A N T Y  o n  L I D S		so, there you have it.		Maybe a nice all-metal hubcap from a '64 beetle will fit.
1,butter didn't stay upside down... and then even with changing water, we found some mold on one batch so we had to throw out all that butter... currently stashed in the attic.
1,It really keeps drinks cold and I like that feature. The drawback is the stainless steel straw. I almost chipped a tooth when I put that straw into my mouth and it's fierce!! The stainless straw does not bend, so you have to hold the tumbler in a certain position to drink from it. I also observed that plastic straws work better and are easier to clean than the stainless straw, but they are a tad short for the tumbler.		The stainless steel tumbler also shows water spots after cleaning. Here in California we are in a drought and using hard water, so it's really obvious when I clean my tumbler. You'll get fingerprints on it too...if you have a stainless steel refrigerator... then imagine the same look when it gets dirty. Not sure if I would use my stainless steel wipes for this tumbler, the stainless wipes have a polish on it and might make the tumbler slip from my hands.		I'm getting rid of mine and still searching for a tumbler that will hide the disgusting green color of my morning veggie drink.		I saw a few comments that people are using this for hot drinks. How do you drink hot coffee or hot tea with the stainless straw? Would that burn your mouth? This is not a sip cup and must be used with the straw or without the lid. Just curious how that works for the other reviewers. If you remove the lid does it lower the temperature? Thanks for the reply!
1,after it looking stable for a few weeks, it's leans to one side now
1,Next to real stainless steel, this looks like bright chrome.
1,If you are buying this for camping, move along. Mine was only used once for coffee then for boiling water and doesn't even make it into the car these days.		There were grounds in it (ok I can live with that) and it took FOREVER to boil. Frankly when we camp we have mountain biking/kayaking/hiking to do and can't wait around for this. Doesn't stand up well on a fast gas stove.		As other reviewers have stated, the interior basket/stem is really flimsy, and although mine didn't have a chance to, my friend's one melted when the top fell in the campfire (it's not glass as some have said, it's hard plastic).		The handle gets crazy hot, and the hinge holding the lid on is not firm either.		It's probably great for RVing etc but it doesn't come camping with me anymore, things either work reliably or they get left in the garage. :(
1,does not stay in place.
1,One of the reasons I buy cotton canvas shopping bags is because they are washable, it is not hygienic to keep using a bag for food and not wash it. So I was extremely disappointed at how these bags washed. I washed in cold water on gently cycle and now they look like tissue paper.
1,Didn't like it. Very disappointed. It came with a black spot. The texture looked unruly & dirty. It was a very thin & flimsy rug. Even though it was a new rug, it looked very old. I wish the quality was better, I really liked the design. I had to return it & buy another rug.
1,The small one was broken when I opened the box.  I'm disappointed.  I had planned to use it to do some cooking with my granddaughter.  Hopefully the two bigger ones will hold up better.  Too much trouble to send back.  I'll order something different.
1,Cheaply made, doesn't fit the bottle I bought.  Too loose and doesn't seal.
1,About a minute short on 5-minute set. Looks nice.
1,... the height adjustment tightening knob made out of plastic...very flimsy... broke after two adjustments.
1,Worked great at first but now is dead. Only had for just under 2 months and the return is no longer available
1,this is very thin and not as nice as others I could have purchased.
1,Okay so I love this duvet color, and I ordered the red one, but I got the cream colored one. I still used it, and love it. Just didn't get the correct color.
1,Did not work after about 4 or 5 usages.  Not a happy camper.
1,Broke after two months and maybe a total of 5 uses. Don't buy!!!
1,This timer is different from all the other digital timers I've ever had in 2 different ways. One way is it's the only timer I've ever had that shows the hours up to 23hrs. The other difference is it does not show the seconds, just minutes & hours. I know it shouldn't make any difference but I like to know my cooking time closer than + or - a full minute. Adding the hours to this timer was a good idea. Not being able to set my usual digital timers for longer than 99 minutes has bugged me for those times that I would have liked to use it for when slow cooking a large roast or turkey, or a big pot of beans or Chile. But I don't get why they dropped the seconds from the display. But it does have 2 separate independent timers. One can be counting down while the other is counting up. Or used to time the cooking of two different dishes at the same time.	For myself, I don't think I will use it very much. Not being sure about how much time is left with out having to stand there watching it for up to a full minute just isn't going to work for me. Maybe it's from being a machinist almost all of my life and having to be precise in my work and accurate down to a thousandth of an inch keeps me from being able to accept being "within a minute is close enough" with my cooking. That's like saying "within an inch is close enough" when machining parts for things. But not being suitable for me doesn't mean that it wouldn't be just what you might like.
1,It didn't do anything to clear thc smell and smelled very mild.  Would not recommend.
1,I was looking for small ladles for fondue and gravy, so I thought these would be perfect.  They are extremely thin and lightweight.  I always feel like they are going to snap in two.  Found a better pair at the dollar store.  I don't recommend these.
1,This has a halogen bulb, so it gets really hot, which makes the wax loose its scent really quick.  It burned out in about a month, so I changed out the fixture with one that I scalped from a night light.  Then bought a 25w bulb.  Works like Scentsy now.
1,Washed these thongs before using them... rusted in a few spots and got rust water all over my other dishes. So obviously cheap! Spend a few more dollars and get something that works.
1,24x34 is not a common frame size. Be sure you know the size of your frame before ordering this. I've placed 3 separate orders from them. The first one I ended up with the wrong size matting for the frame ordered. So I placed another order. Again, the wrong size matting to fit the first frame! I have yet to find a 24x36 matting from this company to fit the 2nd frame. I emailed the company and got a curt response. Not very helpful to me at all. I will never order from this company again. I will look elsewhere for the right size matting for the 2nd frame, since the company was of no help.
1,could not even make cookie dough without overheating.
1,Very poorly made.  Plastic was broke when I received it and trashed the whole item!
1,Worked pretty good when I cleaned my bedroom carpet, but when I started to clean my living room on February 9, 2016, the machine stopped working. I was so angry because I had use it only once and then it stopped operating. Will not purchase another Hoover product, because this has left a bad taste in me and my family's mouth. What a waste of money with the solution having to be discarded and the time and effort I took to move furniture and prepare the machine for operation. I mean, I have not had this thing two months and it broke, what a sad piece of equipment. Finally the machine will not turn on I am going to send it back and they can keep it. By the way tried all recommended solutions, with no success, had to go and rent a Rug Doctor to complete the job, more money.		Update, contacted clearing house for Hoover was informed that I had to take the machine to San Francisco for repair. Informed her that I was not going to San Francisco and that I am returning the machine. Told me to contact Amazon for an opportunity to get my money back. Even if I do not get my money back I am taking other action. Used this machine once and it broke down and now they want me to take it to San	Francisco for repair, I will not buy anything else that has the Hoover Brand on it.
1,The small houses were very hard to put together despite using royal icing. We managed to get 3-4 of the 10 we made to glue together and hold. The piece warped in the top,rack of the dishwasher. If they made it in metal I may consider buying again, and trying to make the small houses again.
1,VERY dissatisfied. I expected the construction of all the utensils to be similar to the picture with nice thick handles. Rather only the knives had the nice thick handles. The other utensils were thin, stamped steel with rolled ends to give the appearance of thickness. The thin, stamped utensils were also uncomfortable to hold, and felt cheap.. Had the handles on all the utensil been as heavy duty as the knives, I would have been really happy.  In the posting picture ALL the handles appear to be thick. Very misleading product picture!!  (see my attached pic comparing the handle thicknesses) Thank goodness for Amazons awesome return policy.
1,very poor quality thin and useless
1,Was not as nice as ones I have  previous ordered. This was the first one I was disappointed in.
1,This bedskirt was supposed to be King sized. Instead, it looks like a Queen.  The package said King. Not worth the trouble to send it back. Went to Bed, Bath, and Beyond.
1,This pump is a piece of junk.  It leaks at the top where the pump joins the stationary piece on the top.  The leak is large enough to make the soap run over the lid of the dispenser and down the sides if you don't wipe it off.  This was a waste of money and my good hand soap.  I am disgusted by these people who knowingly sell this junk and rip other people off.
1,Upon opening the box and turning the table-top over to install the legs, I noticed that the center brace was cracked and the wood had split. The result was that the slats on the top of the table had fallen down. Additionally, the slats that run across the table were not uniformly separated as they look in the picture. The build quality just isn't there with this brand and I would not recommend it.  The table is going back to amazon. I gave it one stars because it does look nice; the company just needs to work on quality control. I would not recommend this table.
1,Well, I used it once,  once only,  and the wire broke....I thought I was buying nice,  now I have to buy twice .......it is just junk....
1,How does one trust - expensively trust in this case - a positive review of a free product?	I am not comfortable re paying nearly $400 for a fan/heater that others have gotten gratis...and for the most part, given 4-5 star reviews.	There should be a better way of understanding others' experiences with the product than via a give-away.  Surely by now Dyson can do better than this.
1,These mats are quite slippery as soon as a little water gets on them, making them dangerous--even though they're supposedly OK for kitchens and such. They also don't sit right on hardwood floors--they slip around, ALSO very dangerous!		They look nice but that's about it.
1,So dim as to barely have light...... Poor quality.
1,To be used at Church
1,Switch burnt out in 6 month. Tge Warrenty is a scam. I had to pay $10 for a new one. What do you expect from a country that makes The Trump Clothing Line--China. You want to make America Great Again, then Buy American Made Products. .
1,so i went online trying to find somthing diffrent and cool looking. And i saw these and was like they look really nice and rich looking. I guess for price was like wow. I get them they look nothing like what they do on here. Very cheap i mean like dollar store cheap oh ya and broken. I had to glue the pieces on the thing. So save your self the money maybe worth 5 bucks with shipping or coming to a dollar store near you soon.
1,I bought my unit at my Army Exchange because it was $20 cheaper. This unit is pretty much the DCC-2000 with a face lift. The controls are easier to operate and the large illuminated clock is much nicer. The problems that were carried over include:	- Sometimes the reservoir leaks.	- The gauge is so inaccurate it's useless.	-The internal mechanism for the gauge makes the reservoir hard to clean.	-The charcoal water filter fits loosely in the holder meaning the water is flowing around rather than through it.	-The distance from the valve to the drip tray isn't adequate to accommodate most travel mugs.		The unit has also added some new problems just for those bored with the same old thing.	- The reservoir has a lip all the way around the top opening making it hard to empty completely, also makes it impractical to wash in the dishwasher.	-The cleaning feature is truly a hindrance and comes on even immediately after cleaning. This also happened when the unit was new (within 30 brew cycles all with filtered water) So it isn't a matter of buildup.	The removable water chamber has multiple issues:	-Lid is loose (not hinged)	-Even with the lid on it doesn't keep water from sloshing out when carrying back to the coffee maker. This is due to the shape of the chamber and a notch towards the back that extends down almost to the MAX FILL line.	-The chamber doesn't have a handle and has an irregular shape making it somewhat awkward to align and secure to the body of the coffee maker.	-The chamber is located on the left side of the unit away from the dominant hand of most people.		When the stars align and everything works properly this machine makes good coffee and keeps it warm without scorching it. The controls are easy to understand and use. With a few design tweaks this could be a really nice addition to your kitchen. Until then Buyer Beware.
1,They will not post my honest review. It's not worth the time, missing parts. Even from the replacement. I'm just speaking the truth. Like someone else said you get what you pay for..
1,Wasn't what I was looking for. I needed smaller sizes. Wish I could have shown the actual size on the web.
1,While slicing an onion, the knive broke a chip in the prime cutting area of the product. As I'm very skilled in using "serious"  kitchen utensils, it was surprising thst it broke so easily. We notified the manufacturor as we had registered the products. They promptly replaced the product
1,Poor quality. My wife now regrets giving up our 1979 Sears coffee maker. It was getting slow. Pieces come apart and fall off on this one but never the Sears model.
1,This thing broke on me after maybe 5 uses. I didn't do anything out of the ordinary with it. Womp Womp.
1,no adjustable, you have to flip over the blade to adjust it and that to me is unsafe
1,Didnt last 3 months. Pitcher cracked at the bottom from normal use and started leaking.
1,I just opened this item and the underside of the mesh is coming off of the rim. This is very bad work.
1,leaked from seal where blades mount to blender top no way to fix had to return it
1,I bought this tea spoon for brewing premium loose Chinese (oolong) tea, but I found it to be way too small for that use. The mesh infuser barely held enough loose tea (in its dry state) to brew one mug of tea, and the tea leaves did not have the room they needed to unfurl and expand in order to release their flavors into the brew. I ended up with a weak cup of tea, and a waste of good quality tea leaves.		This tea spoon is also smaller than advertised. Mine measures less than 1.5 inches in diameter, not the 2 inches claimed in the item description.		Having experimented with different brewing methods for loose teas, I recommend buying a small personal single-serving teapot. These usually come with a large mesh basket infuser which works much better than the small infusers on tea spoons. However, with mine I don't even bother with the basket infuser, I just put the leaves right into the pot, which gives them maximum room for expansion. With a little care, it is easy to avoid pouring out the leaves into your cup along with the tea, or else the infuser can be used to strain the liquid as you pour it. Using this brewing method, the premium Chinese tea leaves that I buy can be brewed over again up to three or four times with excellent quality tea with each brewing, which is something you could never do with the small infuser typical of most tea spoons.
1,Love the hamper, but can't make the lid fit!  Frustrating!
1,I first bought this microwave as part of a Frigidaire built in combo oven in 2008 along with a 5 year extended warranty. It has been a source of problems for the past 3 years. When working it does so in an excellent manner. The first time it failed was after I had run an oven clean cycle on the convection oven mounted below it, IMO causing the turntable motor to quit. Later the 20 amp fuse in the lower oven section that supplies power to the microwave started blowing out. These are expensive technically complex $10 cartridge fuses. This had occurred 4 times before I decided to replace the microwave oven with a new model. When the service technician plugged the original failing microwave into a regular 20 amp outlet the entire unit went belly up. I have only been using the new replacement oven for a few weeks now so am hoping that Frigidaire have made some circuit design improvements that will bypass the problems that I have had with the original. The only reason why I bought an identical replacement was in order to match the Frigidaire oven below it. To say it again, it works perfectly until it doesn't.
1,I love the duvet cover very nice and soft but pillowcases came in plain blue instead of the triple color thats on the duvet .... i cant return it because i want to keep the duvet
1,The grinder stopped working - my neighbor and friends had the same problem  wouldn't buy again.
1,I found a better quality blanket and half the price at Wal-mart. I had received one from a friend and purchased this based on the label that was on the blanket. Not even close.
1,ate the dough never made more than 2 proper cuts	my son is now using it for play doh		received at a discount for an honest review
1,I bought this to put laundry detergent in. The liquid comes out way too slowly, and the spout is very cheaply made. Also, there were shards of glass inside of the jar when it came in, but no chips out of the jar itself.
1,Handel broken. Can't use or try. Unable to locate new handle locally .Had to return.  Listed used like new .What more can I say.
1,I knew quality would be bad, but this is pretty terrible. Came with huge fold lines that won't come out... Was not placed on a paper roll to keep creases from forming. Also smells of strong perfume faux odor.
1,This is pretty much meaningless unless you have the whole set. And it looks like a toque. You could wear it on your head, but that's not what it's built for.
1,I bought this to quicken the time I slice vegetables for my salads.  I use broccoli, carrots, radish, celery and cucumber.  One of the main reasons I bought it was to (hopefully) be able to add sliced green/yellow/red peppers into the mix.  My plan was to cut things up so they fit into the sleeve so I could safely use the pusher.  I filled up the sleeve and started.  It worked till the stuff got most of the way down, but for the bottom 1/2 inch (a good portion of the depth of vegetables in the sleeve), they started coming out thru the bottom opening of the sleeve (the allowance so that the plastic prongs of the pusher don't get in contact with the blade).  What I was able to stuff back into the sleeve and try to finish off just made a mess!  I also tried tomatoes, also to put on my salad.  After practicing with the blade thicknesses and pressure used on the pusher, I can get a FEW decent slices, but then just tomato goo/mush.  Recently I tried to do a carrot without the sleeve, and as careful as I tried to be, I got a REALLY bad slice on my ring finger!  I have a great food processor that I will use when I have a need to slice potatoes, so I have no use of this for potatoes.  I guess its back to the Salad Shooter for me!  I don't recommend this at all!
1,This is a cheap counterfeit version.  The real original one can be purchased here: http://www.amazon.com/Urban-Trend-10-346-Barbuzzo-Spin-the-Shot/dp/B004M5IS94/
1,This "toaster" does nothing of the kind on the Coleman 400 series camp stove.  It's junk, skip it.  I can't suggest an alternative yet, as I haven't been back camping due to the 100 degree heat in the Republic of Texas these days.
1,Mine just broke today. It is 3 years old this month. As other reviewers stated it worked great until the grinder snapped off.
1,We bought this cute little pizza slicer because we make pizza once or twice a week and were drawn to the ergonomic design.  The fact that it takes much less space in the drawer is a big plus as well.		I'm sorry to say, however, that after 1 use it cracked on the hinge.  We superglued it back together and were able to get 3 or 4 more uses out of it before it cracked again on the other side of the hinge and was no longer able to be salvaged.  I'm not a very strong girl and am quite sure that the amount of pressure applied was average or below average.  This product was a disappointment because we really were looking forward to having it, but we will go back to using our OXO pizza cutter that is metal all the way through and has continued to slice pizzas for many years.  I'm sorry that I cannot recommend this product (really wanted to like it).
1,This was for a dorm room purchase. It was much smaller than I imagined so I  had to buy another one. It does have good pockets and is sturdy. Maybe better for a guy who may not have as much stuff as I do.
1,I didn't like it I thought it was glass
1,These are pretty thin to be called washcloths. More like shop towels. I was disappointed in the quality. I will use them for cleaning rags.
1,I thought that the other reviews that stated this unit had a horrible odor were people that were ultra sensitive to odors, we are not.		I bought this for my 15' x 20' sewing room, the price was right and I just needed something to take morning chill off the room.  The chemical odor from the heater was over-powering.  Even after at least 8 hours of running in the garage to hopefully burn off the chemical smell it still emitted a very strong noxious odor.  We felt we had to return this as defective as it was totally unusable for the purpose it was manufactured, that being warming small areas.		We then ordered a comparably priced oscillating tower heater,  Bionaire Oscillating Ceramic Tower Heater with LED Controls, BCH7302-UM.  Absolutely no odors even when first plugged in.  The Bionaire has better controls (touch vs. a dial) on this model, it is quieter than the Lasko.  As far as durability I cannot comment as we've only had it a short time but it has run at least 8 hours since purchase and I cannot think of one negative regarding the replacement Bionaire.
1,minute button inoperable;  returning.
1,Not very loud but what do you expect for a 3 dollar one
1,To big for my blade.
1,The item I received did not look anything like the item I ordered ! Highly disatisfied with purchase
1,We bought this 9/2/16 and it stopped working 12/28/16. 4 months. We use it everyday... Too late to return, no way to contact seller but to leave a review. My previous review was 5 star (below). Not any more.		Now I have to start shopping all over again which I'll do by reading reviews. Reviews are so helpful to me on Amazon -- thank you for leaving honest ones!!! If you have suggestions for a better quality cooktop, please comment!!! Thank you.		PREVIOUS 5-STAR REVIEW UNTIL UNIT STOPPED WORKING LAST NIGHT	We do not eat in restaurants, we cook all our food at home -- I work at home and my desk is in the kitchen! We have so many appliances (instant pot, large pizza oven, breadmaker) and our stove (came with the house) was down to one working burner... We'd been cooking with one burner for months and no longer needed that huge oven. If we want a big turkey once a year, we'll deep fry it! Everything else we want to cook in an oven, we use the pizza over. Works great.		So we ditched the big pretty useless stove, built a cabinet in place of that and got this burner. It's not as hot as the stovetop but you know what? We found we don't need that ultra high heat to cook foods! The 1500W takes maybe a minute more to boil water. If it takes longer to cook anything else, we haven't noticed. And it's very handsome. I researched these things for hours over several days -- there are so many brands, styles, induction or no... We are very pleased with this choice.
1,The unit ran great for two days then I went down to the basement the third day and found that this unit had tripped my breaker. I reset my breaker and the unit and when I tried turning it back on it would not do anything .  I got a full refund from Amazon and I will be looking for a better model.
1,Barely puts out any air unless you are within a foot of the fan.
1,I have two of these and I love them. They're cozy and warm, wash well, and for the price, you can't beat them.	===============================================================================	9/17/2016 Above you'll see how raved about these comforters--I gave them five stars. I didn't have the problems that some people did--mine were not thin or a weird color. The cozy and warm opinion still applies. I've had a total of four of these comforters. I bought the first ones to use as a blanket on the sofa and recliner. They're great for that and I never tried putting them on a bed so I don't know about size.  Of course, now there's a *but.* The first time I washed them, they came out smelling like the dogs had been using them. Well, okay, maybe that happened. I washed them three times and couldn't get rid of that funky smell, so I bought another one. It happened again. Hmmm.		I just pulled another one out of the dryer. SAME THING. I dried this one for 90 minutes, just to make sure. Something's not right. I don't know what these comforters are stuffed with. The tag says 100% new polyester, but you know, maybe not really. Who knows what might be in there? If it weren't raining, I'd put it outside in the sun to see if that helped. It's disappointing. For me, these were great in every other way.		The smell, though . . .
1,The buttons stopped working after a month.
1,I bought a set of these at Costco about 2 years ago. The cup got cracks from being washed/dried in the dish washer. All of them had cracks on the bottom and some on the sides around the rim. The cracks didn't leak any water but it made me feel unsafe about using the cups. Also, the tall ones knock over very easily when it's more than half-way filled due to it's shape (small base and fat/rounded upper). I finally got rid of these after purchasing <http://www.amazon.com/Break-resistant-Restaurant-quality-Tumblers-14-ounce-18-ounce/dp/B00L8751XK/ref=pd_ys_sf_s_1055398_alt_1_2_p?ie=UTF8&refRID=1N334MBHK5EGKCY2Q767>. I am much happier with my new cups.
1,I generally use k-cups anyway but had some off brand.  This thing just said "oops" we won't let you use anyone else's coffee because we want it all for ourselves.  What ever happened to giving the customer what he wants? I returned mine and I recommend you buy something else if want freedom of choice. I won't even buy their k-cups anymore.
1,Normally, I hate to give bad reviews. But this vacuum cleaner was so disappointing. I loved it at first, but it broke barely ten days -- not even a full two weeks -- after I bought it! I used it maybe four or five times on hardwood floors -- and Oriental throw rugs with low naps -- in two rooms, just to give you an idea of how quickly the thing fell apart...and under what low-stress conditions.		Then one day I smelled something -- a slight burning odor -- while I was vacuuming...and I thought it was my imagination at first. Then the vacuum cleaner abruptly shut itself off.		I wouldn't complain if it had fallen apart after several months...after all, it's not terribly expensive. The warranty is a year, so I probably wouldn't mind fixing it if something happened toward the end of the warranty.		But two weeks?
1,The rug looks nice. Other than that I have not been very pleased. The light backing to help it not slip rubs off easily and leaves a film on the vinyl flooring. It does not stay in place either. It is not very comfortable to stand on...it feels prickly to my feet. It does look nice though as long as you can keep it flat on the floor. I would not recommend this rug or buy it again.
1,I love the color and pattern but this stuff is super flimsy and it's a nightmare to use.	It's super thin and ripped various times while I was trying to smooth it out.	Completely disappointed and unsatisfied.
1,UGH.  I bought 2 and neither work correctly!  Shame on Rubbermaid
1,heavy, noisy
1,It's not easy to use, the whole brush piece is too long and not easy to use. The teeth part of the metal doesn't seem to remove the loose hairs effectively. i would get something smaller instead.
1,On the plus :	 Heavy & Duty ;))) (will not bend under any heavy mixing;thick rice or ice cream,looks to me it's  made out of very thick & HEAVY ,but steal and polished.		On the BIG MINUS  ;	Workmanship is so bad, that after stamp-press machine on the factory the edges left to be undone and sent to consumer totally unfinished/rounded ,even a bit rounded . Because of it I 've cut my lip. Never saw Italian product made this bad ever.	I 'm almost sure it's a scam. The mark "made in Italy" very uneven and not deep enough (scratch - like) on all spoon's.
1,It is smaller than expected
1,They say it is portable, yes I guess you could consider it portable but the thing is HUGE, my understanding was it was something I could carry in my purse, cause I HATE most places water, it just tastes gross. But unless I carry a HUGE purse this will not work, it is taller than a soda can and as wide as a soda can. As far as how it works I don't know will more than likely send back because I wanted a more portable until and not so obvious that i am filtering water at a cafe!!!
1,Bought a few in 2016 and they were great. So I bought another a year later and it's a completely different shade of red. Not at all bright, it looks washed out. I'm returning it.
1,Did not fit well at all.
1,Really disappointed with this product. I don't see how this is any better than any other so-called impression bags. The little clips come off very easily and don't put enough pressure to seal all the strips. What a waste. I didn't use them until the "return window" was closed, unfortunately, or I would have returned them. Useless for me.
1,I purchased the glasses previously, and were fine. Smooth lines, thin cover.		But, recently purchased and used when grooming my dog.  The glasses kept falling down on my nose.  They had a different fit than the first time I purchased.		May look into another brand.
1,Sent it back. Very disappointed. Best pillows I have found were bought for $10 each at any CHOICE HOTEL. They have firm and soft. These were found accidentally and saved me during surgery recovery.
1,This seemed to be well made and the concept good, but it didn't work for me.
1,I bought this to give as a gift at graduation.	The whole alarm system works very well and it is easy to lay out the different wake up times with different days.	Unfortunately when I gave it two things developed:	1. The radio does not work. We played with it and played with it - checking how the power cord (which doubles as a FM/AM antennae) lies and nothing. I plugged in a cheap clock radio to prove that there was a good reception area. I went on line to check that somehow we were turning on the radio properly  and it seems we are.	2. There is a slot to place a CR watch backup battery - the slot is hard to fit the battery into and it was a minor struggle.	When I tried to return it - discovered that it had been over 4 weeks - understandable.	So I think the clock is OK - still works as an alarm clock - can't say much about the radio function.
1,Hard to open to top (juice) section. You have to hold it a "certain" way to get it to open. I would NOT buy this or recommend it.  Look for a better quality item. Not worth the hassle and money lost to return.
1,Received wrong color and size. Too much trouble to return :/
1,It's extremely small! Your incense will spill all over. Not a good purchase.
1,After reading all of the glowing reviews, I wanted to love this pan. The first thing I noticed was that the little squiggles on the bottom of the pan did not go through to the inside. I used it for pumpkin bread at Thanksgiving. I have to say that it came out of the pan very easily. However, it was not as nice looking as the ones I made in a regular loaf pan. The one I made in the lemon loaf pan just looked like it had bumps on the top. I will try it again with lemon cake but I do not think I will like that either. I agonized whether to buy the lemon pan or the pumpkin pan but thought the lemon would be more practical.
1,It fell apart...out in the trash!!
1,I ordered these candles for an anniversary party and they are complete crap. First i had to cut off this weird layer of wax on 75% of them to get to the wick. Most do not stay lit once theres any wax melted. The ones that did stay lit lasted less than a hour. I had to run to the store last minute to get candles for the party.
1,Guest one spotted working within 3 weeks, replacement stopped working within 1 month.  Money wasted
1,These glasses are alright. I ordered them misunderstanding that they weren't Fiesta brand (which is what I had intended to purchase) but decided to keep them when they arrived since they were so festive. Sadly the vinyl striping hasn't held up well to the wear and tear of daily use. I don't think I would order these again. They are heavy glasses though, which is nice since they aren't easily tipped over.
1,Use an ice cream scoop and you'll be happy you did.  These are of poor quality and not worth it.  Pass.
1,I've had mine for over a year and I have all tile and laminate floors in my house. This product to me does not do that great of job and it's messy when it comes time to clean it out after use.
1,Not as thick & fluffy as I expected but color is beautiful.
1,I ordered two of these. The first one fell apart within the first two weeks and today I opened the second one to find pieces of glass, as seen in the photos, inside of the coffee press itself. Also seen in the photos it's obvious this product has been previously used returned and refurbished.
1,zipper broke after first use. too late to return
1,I am a cigar smoker, so that's a tough task but it doesn't appear to do anything.
1,Just opened these bowls and the small one has a tear in the silicon part. Such a great concept, but sad that I have to return them.
1,First of all, they substituted a different cushion than the one pictured.  The one they sent to me has a typical U shaped cutout, not the V shape in the photos.  That would have been okay if the cushion wasn't hard as a rock.  It was so hard that the underside of my legs literally hurt at the point where the cushion ended - not just hurt. It was simply painful after sitting on it for just a few minutes.  I've sat on a concrete ledge that was more comfortable.  I'm not obese either.  I am a male, slightly over six feet tall and weighed184 pounds this morning.  I am planning a long road trip and thought this would make the ride more comfortable.  Entirely wrong.		This cushion is so different than the reviews I read. The only explanation is it is simply not the same cushion.  It is thick, gray and has the same logo and there is where the similarity ends.  It surely can't be the same cushion inside. I've written well over 700 reviews and I rarely ever write a one star review.  Unfortunately this is one of them.  I'm sending it back for a refund immediately.  Now I have to search for another one and I'm running out of time.  I really dislike it when products are switched.  It cancels out all the reviews everybody wrote and you can't trust anything anymore. It's a lot of effort to write a meaningful review. I should know because I write a lot of in-depth reviews and it is very time consuming.
1,Cheap, plastic lids and much smaller than they seem in picture. Won't last long but at this price, whatever.
1,thought the bungees were flat they are not---round & cut off my circulation---because of the cost to return I gave the chair away and bought on at the container store with flat bungees
1,Molds are very very small
1,I ordered 2 of these & BOTH were not as pictured. The Read From Above IS NOT what was sent! These are both 8 cup REGULAR Pyrex cups with its standard printing. .. Since I gave one away as a gift before realizing the error, It would be awkward to request it back. Amazon team member was very helpful is resolving my problem.	VERY DISAPPOINTED In The product...!	.	VERY HAPPY WITH AMAZON!
1,I have only used this twice. Just recently received it. I notice that it takes a long time to heat. Once you get it to the max temp, which is what is recommended the first time you use it, It still takes a full four minutes to to get a little beyond golden brown (I set a timer after trial & error).. And the color is spotty. When I turned it out on my plate the underside middle was almost blonde. Going to return & try another brand.
1,Wish I could give this no stars. This tool is cheaply made and useless. Better off using a good knife.
1,I ordered a set of gold. The color is a pretty, classy gold. The price and quantity is not bad at all. However the quality isn't so great. The sides aren't all cut straight and on some of the edges the fabric looks like it got tugged on by a machine or something and may rip after multiple uses and washes. : (
1,Did not work. Too hard to operate.  Blades kept releasing.  It will be trash
1,These were packaged in a plastic bag that had obviously been in the sun or exposed to heat as the coasters were stuck together with one having a stripe of color from the one stuck to it. The small coasters a quite small with the holes of the design being under the glass. Condensation escapes through the holes, defeating their purpose. I gave them to my daughter for her dollhouse.
1,My experience echos that of other people.  The stove is very nice as long as it works.  For toasting bread or bagels you can choose how many slices and a level.  It's fairly easy to clean and I like the way that the rack comes part way out when it is in the middle position.		The LCD display on the unit failed shortly after the warranty expired, making it useless.  I complained to Breville and to their credit they sent me a reconditioned one after I paid to send mine back - so save the box.  The problem should not have occurred in the first place.
1,I have used this product for less than a month and it's already broken. Won't turn on at all. I have other Vicks humidifiers that work great but this one is junk!
1,Never had to put up a medicine cabinet before so I didn't know you had to be aware of purchasing recessed or surface... well,,, since I don't want to put a hole in my wall, this mirror would not work. It also came broken... boo.
1,Comparable thickness of a down feather comforter.  Mattress topper does not form to your body or support your body - it flattens when you lay on top of it.  Also, if you are purchasing for an uncomfortable that you would like to make comfortable, this is not what you are looking for - we could feel every spring of the mattress right through this mattress topper.  My recommendation is to spend a little more (we spent about $85.00 additional) to find a 4" memory foam topper.  With the 4" memory foam, you could have a rock as a mattress and you would never know.	Do not recommend wasting money on this item that will have to be returned - the box is HUGE and the UPS return drop off is a pain in the butt.
1,This kettle was great in the beginning, also the color is wonderful. However in the past month it's been spouting out boiling water before the whistle even comes on. The last time it did this, water went down to the gas flame and partially melted the plastic spout cover. I will no longer be using this as it does not feel safe.
1,hooks rusted within 1 month. The actual flower portion was very poorly manufactured (some holes missing, residue everywhere, horribly painted) cute from a mile away. Up close, not even remotely worth it.
1,Impossible to actually drink out of, you MUST use the attached cup (or your own separate one) in order to actually drinking anything. This defeats the purpose of having an insulated coffee thermos because then the coffee is sitting out in the open in the mug and cooling off. Further, I start drinking my coffee while driving in to work, and can't see it exactly being safe to pour in a mug and drink out of it while I'm driving. Epic fail.
1,I didn't like it. Difficult to get onto the can.  Returned it and got a refund.
1,I"m 5'7"-ish and fairly slim.  While this pillow did alleviate my upper back pain somewhat, I think I needed a bigger size, but will keep this for travel.  The reason I say that it didn't work for me is that at the suggestion of a store employee, I bought a standard size latex pillow from BB&B and it has cured my pain.  I don't think the Core pillow design is good for someone who moves around a lot in their sleep like me.
1,This charcoal bag does not do its job in the small closet I have hung it in.		A problem might be that the sunlight in my apartment is not strong enough to sufficiently regenerate the charcoal. While the smaller charcoal bags intended for shoes can be regenerated sufficiently on my windowsill, I have not noticed any difference in this larger bag after leaving it in the sun.
1,They didn't stay sealed for the most part.
1,This unit is not only hard to hang, but VERY difficult to put together! The directions are vague and hard to understand.  Once you get it together, it looks very nice--however, it is VERY hard to mount onto the wall.
1,Not Great- But good enough
1,to big for my cabine
1,Both glasses broke very easily.  Very thin and lightweight glass.
1,The colors are super washed out compared to the photo. Its usable, but for the price I was expecting something much nicer
1,I did not fit the TV and it had to be returned costing me the shipping expense.  The two small stands under the TV would not allow it to sit on top of this stand.
1,Everything works fine, but the handle and the edge are both broken. I only used this product for three months.
1,Had these come with instructions i would have given it 5 stars. I had to google to find out how much water to had to a specific amount of beads. I found a site saying that it's 4 1/2 cup for 10 grams of beads but in the end i ended up wasting a lot of beads since it was too much water. Pffff. They look very nice though ...
1,The shelf is fine but I also purchased the top cover thing (I think this is that order) and the holes with the shelf did not line up.
1,Magnets in board are very tiny and one fell out already. Top of board broke within a week of use. I bought 2 and I am returning them.
1,I have a small (2") Gerber pocket knife that I wanted to sharpen.  This gizmo is a lot bigger than I had expected.  The housing flares out at the sharpening devices (for no apparent reason), and my blade has almost no ricasso (the unsharpened part above the handle), so the last half-inch (of my two-inch blade) cannot be sharpened with this device.
1,The wand didn't work at all.  Sent it back.
1,I have a Kyocera ceramic chef's knife that I have been using for about 7 years as my primary kitchen knife and I've never had to sharpen it.  It is almost as sharp now as the day I bought it.  Needless to say, I love that knife.  About two months ago, I found myself in need of a new peeler, and given my fondness for the Kyocera knife, decided to give this ceramic peeler a try.  Sadly, it really is not the same class of utensil.		I use the peeler primarily for zesting citrus fruits for use in cocktails, and the ceramic blade handled that job reasonably well.  The plastic channel zesters on either side  of the blade (for making, say, a lemon twist) are basically worthless.  I already had an OXO tool for that purpose, so no worries.  But yesterday, after maybe 10 uses in 2 months, the plastic frame that holds the blade snapped into three pieces, rendering the whole thing useless.  I'll be replacing it with the OXO Y-Peeler.
1,This dispenses a minute amount of soap and you have to do 2-3 passes to get enough to wash your hands.  It also activated on its own all night long, and I found a pile of soap in the sink one morning. I would not recommend this product.  The concept is great, but the product needs improvement.
1,This coffee maker was either defective or it is the most temperamental machine Ive ever tried.  The water stayed in the filter area 4/5 tries.  I tried with the permanent filter, white paper filter, brown paper filter.....no luck.  Then it finally worked....and the coffee was fine.  It was strong coffee.  Then I tried it once more and no luck. The water all pooled in the filter.  I adjusted the coffee texture as well.  I don't enjoy trying the 80 different configurations you probably have to to get this machine to work.  I want to grind my beans, put the coffee in the machine, and press start.  So I purchased a Behmer.  Much better.
1,Cheap crap. Must be a knock off. Genuine T-fal is way better than this and doesn't come warped.
1,its a nice print but...very small panels.
1,quality isn't what I'd hoped & not at all esthetic
1,I purchased this chair for my 10 year old. It has been in use for three months now and has literally fallen apart. The sound has stopped working on one side, the material ripped where it covers the base,and the tilting hinges broke. Order something that is built a bit better!
1,I bought this because a good friend was raving about it.  It made my neck hurt and I found it extremely uncomfortable.  I ended up giving it away with the cotton cover
1,I agree with the first reviews.  It's not that it's loud (very), it just doesnt cool a bottle of wine.  My first bottle I tried I set to "Chablis".  It said the temperature was 64, and it was being cooled to 46.  It sounds like a hair dryer turned on and left on your counter.  I set a timer.  30 minutes later it said the temperature was 60.  I took it out and it didn't feel noticeably cooler at all.  Cheap junk.
1,I ordered two. They were different materials and different sizes even though I ordered the same. I attempted to contact seller and got no response. One was terrible quality and the other was ok quality. Definitely a bummer.
1,I was so happy with this the first couple of weeks. Now 6 weeks later, the brushes quit working. They no longer turn. Big waste of money!
1,Too stiff  Very hard to handle
1,Cheap "metal" coated plastic. The screws kept coming undone, I sent it back.
1,Think white cardboard box!
1,This does not smell like lavender, but more like an old mans deodorant.
1,I love the colors, but it doesn't keep time at all! :'(
1,This product doesn't put together in a way that actually holds shoes. The space between the racks are too close together so shoes fall through them.
1,2 out of the 4 sets arrived damaged. The glass is shattered on one set and the other the glass is cracked, the top is bent and has a rust mark.
1,Not a good product. I guess you get what you pay for.
1,I looked forward to this combo slicer/press, but it is difficult to use, and if you put more than one clove of garlic in, you have to manipulate the "press" part to actually go into the space it is designed for.  Clean up was not easy.
1,Ridiculous. You have to remove the sticker from one backing (it's in multiple parts, by the way) and transfer it to another backing. In their process, the sticker broke and became worthless  the fine lines on this sticker makes it completely impractical for it's intended purpose. Avoid this.
1,Was going to buy until i read the reviews.  1st. ? is if all or most all report teflon pealing off so fast, why is it still available?  2nd. ? is why the sizes are not listed ?  The product in which i'm refering to is the 3 pcs. Nordic Ware Toaster Oven Baking set.. Sorry about putting cart before the horse...  Smoothbore00....
1,Terrible gift!
1,Not what I expected.
1,OK but vacuum bags much better.
1,This dresser is really poor quality.  It was also difficult to put together as the pieces did not fit well together.  We had to hire a handyman to come and figure out how it went together and he had to go buy more hardware to fit the drawers in.  I would not recommend this product due to the quality of the unit.  If you do decide to buy it, I suggest you pay the extra money to have them put it together for you.
1,Well not time saving if clean up is longer then just chopping by hand,.  Impossible to get the pieces out.  One little blade off first time but still usable but most likely will it the garbage.  Not a very good tool, I was so disappointed.
1,Changed from 5 to 1 star...see note at bottom		I must admit I was skeptical. Anytime I have tried something with a suction-cup mount, it usually seems to end up on the floor, typically at the worst possible time.		=== The Good Stuff ===		* I stuck it to the show stall, and it has stayed stuck for close to two weeks. My shower is an all-in-one fiberglass unit with the fake tile etched into the walls. I must admit I didn't watch the video, but did apply this right after the last shower cleaning. It stuck the first time, and has stayed stuck ever since.		* It holds a large bar of soap with no drama. I was worried that the bar could slip through the sides as it became smaller, but that never happened. The surface of the dish is a bit "rough", so the soap doesn't slide around.		* As for its intended function, it stays attached, keep the soap in the dish, and allows the soap to dry out between showers. Success. There is some play in the bracket, which allows the dish to rotate a bit. This seems intentional, although not really sure why.		=== The Not-So-Good Stuff ===		* The styling is, well, a little industrial looking. Not exactly my favorite, but I really don't consider my shower to be a decorator area of the house.		* The dish does stick out into the shower, and I was worried about banging into it, especially at 6AM before my coffee. So far that hasn't been a problem.		* One caution. Previously the soap sat on dish on a small ledge in the shower. That meant that the soap drained down the wall of the shower after it was used and put away wet. Makes a mess, but not a big deal. This dish hangs over onto the tub floor, meaning that the soap now drips onto the floor of the shower. This can make for some slippery footing.		=== Summary ===		It sticks to the wall, and the soap doesn't fall out-at least until the bar wears down and then it slips right under the side bars.. It is certainly not the most attractive bath accessory in the house, but that really doesn't bother me. I am a little concerned about the suction cup holding up over time and repeated applications, but we shall see.		Update 5/1/15		So much for the suction cup. It will not not stick to the shower on a bet. I have tried cleaning the surfaces, but the dish will not stay attached to the wall for more than an hour or two. Ended up in the trash.
1,The microwave arrived a week early.  It looks good on my counter top.  The clock works.  The microwave does not work.  Following instructions to heat a beverage I chose beverage, 1 for one cup, and then start.  The compartment lights up but the carousel will not turn and no heating takes place.  I tried time cook and the same thing happened.  The owner's manual does not have a trouble shooting section, no phone number or email.  I am at a loss as to why it does not work.  A few words of caution for potential buyers.
1,Only used a few times and it overheats very easily.
1,Where do I start?	1. Doesn't grill well	Took over 20 minutes to grill one 3/4 inch steak which only finally cooked through to medium rare using a heavy panini pan lid.	2. Grease everywhere	Flying grease from the steak landed on every inch of the plastic base of the unit which was tedious and time consuming to remove.	3. Can't put grill plate in dishwasher	Yes-you can wipe off the grill plate with paper towel to remove the leftover cooking mess, but you can do the same with any pot or pan. You are still left with the greasy residue and you can't submerge the grill plate in soapy water nor put it in the dishwasher. Don't know about you, but I don't choose to spend 30 minutes trying to clean it thoroughly.	4. Useless	I've decided that I get better results with my stovetop grill pan and heavy panini lid. Steaks taste like a real grilled steak, takes half the time and everything can go into the dishwasher.	Think you concluded by now that I returned it.
1,If you don't mind sleeping on sandpaper, these are great as far as size.  Using them to cover porch furniture . Very disappointed but learned a lesson.
1,It does not work on Bissell Zing 4122 vacuums.
1,Like a photo that isn't in focus...
1,Wobbly, chincy, terrible design. They hold the speakers up but they lean like the tower of Pisa. If you're looking for cheap, you found it!
1,Although this space is reserved for review, I would like to be kind and concerned and warn others to never ever buy this product or other products on the phone from the Ontel company--the TV commercials with telephone number. Amazon is secure, but the TV advertised phone service is nothing but a hustle. My friend wanted to buy the sweeper and by the time the recorded telephone service got finished with her, the bill was almost $160.00! She reached them just in time (after the weekend was over -they are closed) and cancelled Monday morning. Good thing she checked. They are slick!! I am warning others and she is calling Better Business etc. You may think you have made a purchase for $20 or $40... but then your charge account will be 4 times higher than you realize!
1,Didn't really like the quality, didn't serve my needs.
1,The one I got was BLACK, not the correct color as listed in this photo.  It is also covered in what feels and smells like wd-40 or some type of oil.		Really upset right now.
1,This warmer looks great, seems to be made well. But that's about as good as it gets. Instructions says it takes 20 minutes to reach optimum temperature, after an hour of waiting it still wasn't very warm. Needless to say it does not warm towels. Only the parts of the towel that were directly touching the bars did, and they were luke warm at best. Returned it the same day it was delivered.
1,I ordered this item because the description said it was a "Marblized  Molded Wood Toilet Seat." From this description one would rightly think that it was wooden and then perhaps painted or in some other way "molded" to get that marbled look . Nothing of the sort -  instead what was shipped to me was a nice looking toilet seat - wooden yes, but the green marbling look was in fact no more than a sort of sticky shelf paper wrap pressed onto the seat to make it look marbled. Now normally that would be okay except that the marbled paper was already peeling off and I had only just taken it out of the box !!  Bathrooms are damp places and if this "marblized looking shelf paper" is already peeling off all by itself,  then I have little hope that the rest will also peel off in rapid succession. I paid $31 for this item (which includes shipping) and I feel that I was swindled. Save your money.
1,Most pathetic whistle in the history of whistles... Honestly, I know this is a cheap but DON'T call the item a whistling tea kettle if I can't hear a whistle standing next to the kettle.	Mr Coffee has been nothing but a disappointment on my last 3 purchases. I am DONE DONE DONE with Mr. Coffee products.
1,We hand washed these and they still fell apart. The wood on the handles is splintered and very cheap. Wasted my money on this :(
1,This is one of 2 items I have purchased from Amazon that is of poor quality in nearly 10 years of shopping. I was looking forward to it so I could prepare multiple healthy meals on the weekend for a busy work week.		The metal finish of the base unit was dull and easily marked. The black portion of the unit also was very cheap appearing and easily marked.  There are no lights on the unit to tell if a pot is off or on. You plug it in and adjust the dials. You could easily get burned.		The pot and lids were fine but the base really takes away from the product.  The unit is also quite lengthy. It takes up alot of counterspace. It easily could have been more compact. Also, the cord had a sticky white substance stuck to it that took nearly 30 minutes to peel off in little pieces,  YUK!		It is too heavy and bulky to return.		I will try it but most likely it will go to a good cause.  Next time I will pay more attention to the brand name.
1,When I first received this 2 years ago I loved it aside from the loud annoying sound it had!!! Not long after the numbers started to fade and it was hard to tell a zero from an 8. Very disappointed! Don't waste your money on this, unless you need something for a few days and can take advance of the return policy. At this point, I'm still looking for a decent replacement.
1,This item was clearly used. Very disappointed when I received. Several scratches on the product and a indentation line of where a coffee machine had already set on top of it. Will never buy from seller again.
1,Have used better rice cookers.  I have used rice cookers for over 20 years, but this Rival leaves the rice a lot drier then any I have used before.  Even if it add a bit more water, the bottom is ok, but the top is not.  I purchased a smaller rice cooker for my son for college and the rice is perfect every time.  I wouldn't purchase this again and I am most likely going to buy the smaller rice cooker that I got for him, Aroma 6-Cup Pot-Style Rice Cooker
1,Never really mounts on level. Items slide to edge or fall off entirely. When you move your lounge chair up or down you take a chance on spilling everything off. If you pay for the shipping you can have mine; useless.
1,What can I say - - we have municipal hard water here in Northern Ohio (even though it comes from Lake Erie, they filter it through limestone), and this humidifier needed to be cleaned every other day with vinegar.  Not just the 20 minutes the instructions suggested - - but for hours!  The crust that built up on the heating element was thick, hard, and almost impossible to get rid of.  Additionally, the heating element had some sort of "coating" (i.e. teflon) that was anything BUT non-stick.  After 3 weeks of using/cleaning it, it developed black pits on its surface, which made the minerals stick even more tenaciously.  Sort of like barnacles on a tugboat hull.  Let's see here - - using it for 2 days, cleaning it for 4 hours, repeat - - - -nope, not for me.  To add insult to injury, the vapor stream was rather anemic as well.  In the past, we've used ultrasonics, but they need to be fed distilled water (at $1/gallon) so as not to coat your entire house with fine dust/mineral residue.  Great concept, but poorly executed.
1,I wish I had listened to the other reviewers, they have a BAD smell that gets worse when they are wet!
1,Because the gauge is so thin, I sliced my finger open just trying to separate the containers. I am not overly conscious of the safety of things, but these are ridiculously sharp!
1,It's not what I thought it was going to be...I just thought for a 5 gallon water dispenser it wouldn't be sturdy enough....I didn't want to take the chance
1,Doesn't handle larger zucchini 3 inches in diameter well
1,Has a horrible mildew / mold smell. I had to wash thr zippered cover and cut off and wash the dewed cover! I also had tospraythe actual pillow!. So far not pleased
1,We bought this as a step stool as needed with the primary purpose being a place to set our feet when at the computer.  One day, after having it a few months, I stepped on it and it literally collapsed under me.  I'm not anywhere near the 300 lb limit it states.  I'm not even near 200 lbs! It may have been a fluke, but my back ached for days from hitting the floor square on my tail-bone.  Luckily, my son was able to half-way break my fall.	Another fluke is, there is no "lock" to this stool to keep it in place or unfolded.  You have to pick it up a certain way or it will collapse on your fingers.
1,Doesn't blend as well as I thought it would.
1,The photo shows the entire wheel chock and pad lock.  Didn't realize it was only the pad lock until it was delivered.  Not even worth the time to return it.
1,I actually have had two of these mugs. The first one worked great until I put it in the dishwasher a couple times! In the description it has no warning about putting it in the dishwasher! I knew I probably shouldn't be putting it in the dishwasher but it slipped by me and ended up in there anyway. After that the black decal pealed off. I then saw this mug for under $6 and decided to get another one and never put it in the dishwasher. Mug #2 never worked very well from day 1. It just started pealing despite always being hand washed. So I would say purchase at your own risk. You may get a mug that works or you may get a dud!
1,I opened the box, looked over the scale, put it back in the box and started the return process all in 5 mins of receiving the scale! Cheap, yes the price is low but even than I assumed better quality. I knew the "chrome plating" was over plastic but do not fall for it. The color is "chrome" but it feels and looks very cheap and I fear that it will start chipping off after light use. The tray is not removable, so if you spill something you have to wipe and be careful.
1,Both set of straps broke in the  first day made very cheap! will not buy again!
1,Cheap lid
1,I am not thrilled with the quality for the price.  They aren't very welll made and don't look like they will hold up to more than a couple of washings, which is not what I want in a cloth napkin.  It's too much trouble to pay to return them, so I will use them a few times and they will become rags.
1,My only complaint is that this is the car depicted is not the car from Christmas Vacation. In Christmas Vacation the car is a brown Ford station wagon. This is the "Family Truckster" from National Lampoon's Vacation, not Christmas Vacation. I really have to wonder if the designer ever watched Christmas Vacation.
1,Ok, the cups are a nice size but one of them had this chip at the bottom that was glazed into the cup.  You COULD use it but why would you.  The other cup came broken.  Now from the packaging it seems to me that the cup was shipped broken.  Each cup came in a box and the boxes were in a large padded envelope that was taped to fit so they wouldn't bump around. Then this envelope was in a box with Amazon air pillows.  I don't see how the one cup could have broken in transit. You take your chances with these cups.  I would say move on and find another set to buy.  Also, for gifts the patterns are OK not great, kind of cheap looking.  The blue and the orange are pretty nice.  The ladies (broken) and the dragon, the printing doesn't look all that great.  I think it might be the faces on these cups.  They show the weakness in the transfer process that the flower patterns did not.
1,Used it two times. First time worked great. The lining flaked off all over my food on the second use. Would not recommend.
1,Only blends very soft items.  Wouldn't blend ice or slices of apple.
1,I used this one time and then went to use it again and it does not work.  The button on top of machine is jammed and will not press down which starts the blades.  Disgusted in the lack of quality with this product.  I had a similar product which I used for years but was trying to replace it as blades were getting dull and this product lasted for one use only.
1,Did not hold the weight of two adults.  I would not buy this item the wheel bent and caused the frame to fail.
1,I have used this 3 times since I bought it for about a week each time.  It broke two days ago.  I can't return it because its too late. :(  That being said, I loved everything about it before that happened.  Easy to use, easy to clean, quiet and did a great job.  I have found that there are no humidifiers of this size that are rated above 4 stars, so I guess single room humidifiers need a some new designs!
1,I will get some kickback for a negative review but this is again offered as a black friday deal which encourages rushing to get one before sold out, and i regret this purchase.  Yes i should have done the usual detailed read thru, i think this is the first deal of the day or like that i ever bought.  I read details months ago but forgot.		It is 18/8 stainless, a vacuumed area (wont expand and contact w temp) so why is the base of this even not dishwasher safe.  Plastic i know is iffy.  But i have tervis and generic plastic set from sams club that are 100% dishwasher safe.  Stanley makes two complete stainless interiors with enamel on the outside that are even dishwasher safe.	So if it wasn't for the usually dishwasher friendly materials not being dishwasher safe i may have wanted it.  This is not eligible for a free return, nor for a low rate that has amazons certain immense shipping discount.  Once upon a time i had an association that led to all my shipping needs being 90% off.  I know it doesnt cost $6 to amazon to return this lightish item.		Plastic lid thats crystal clear	A 3 ridged gasket	Not splashing around in the car on turns with bumps sort of level of spill proof but definately resistant as the opening is sunken a little so any that makes it to the lid will roll back in	Stainless bottom with a visible seam	A big sticker inside that made a noise making me wonder something was wrong before i opened it.	I think i am starting to taste the plastic in my sams club insulated cups so though i wanted a fully locking lid, like can put it in a bag to carry kind of safe, i often use a plain insulated cup in the car, and felt it was a good price to replace my others.  I don't know if i can return it for $6, though im not sure i won't be gifting it to someone who often hand washes anyways cause i certainly will get fed up with washing.  Its not polished, so if you have a sugary drink or fruit juice that u finish and dries in there in the car when empty might not come off that smoothly.  I.e. i like my stainless bowls and pots polished interiors only, it feels smooth for a brushed finish but any brushed finish will help things stick to its surface.
1,This kerosene heater was a huge rip off, for one thing it is out dated they don't even make them anymore and there is a reason why, it is way too hard to use and has way too many flaws making it NOT WORTH THE BOTHER TO USE, never again, the newer models have all the flaws removed and work much better!  This is a piece of JUNK!
1,This is VERY TINY.  This would keep only a couple of roles warm in a very small basket.
1,I wanted a tablecloth that had purple/lavender in it. While this did have the colors it did not have much weight. It would be better used as an overlay than a stand alone tablecloth. I donated it rather than return it.
1,falls apart to easily
1,Did not fit in my model of microwave, even though the model was listed.
1,Very disappointed!  Very flimsy, flip top does not close properly and will NOT use for food. Considering returning item!
1,set was not made good at all..sheets looked  as they had been used alot so thin..will not buy again..
1,No Magnet -> No Good!  Seems like they have two versions - with magnet & WITHOUT - may not matter to some but to me, no magnet means it is a useless POS
1,doesn't seem to stay put very dissapointed
1,Zline Designs Desks are NOT Safe. I had one explode into millions of sharp shards of glass and sever the nerves in my hand. I now have no feeling in my RIGHT hand and it will not be coming back. Zline Designs ruined my life and refused to take responsibility.
1,The box is really cheaply made. The flower paper around it was already peeling off when it arrived and it was packaged so poorly that the box had a large dent in it when I received it. Will be sending this back.
1,NOT ACCURATE
1,Would not work on my Shark, I returned it.
1,Do Not Buy These!	I bought these because of the review. Boy am I sorry that I did! The first time I used them, at an oven temp of 425, I had to take my pan out of the oven quick cuz the heat was getting to me! They didn't burn me but if I would've had to walk across the room with them it probably would have.  I am very disappointed in these. The description says heat resistant to 600!! Boy are they wrong!!
1,didn't work like expected....don't recommend buying it. better to get power washer with real pressure
1,I received two different colors they are dark blue instead of ocean blue
1,This toaster has some nice features. Too bad that it doesn't toast both sides of the bread evenly. No matter what we do, one side is darker than the other. Even one whole side doesn't brown evenly. I would suggest that others look for a different toaster. It seems that Cuisinart doesn't make quality products like it used to do.
1,The suction was weak to begin with and got worse over time. It's so bad now that I can't even use it anymore. This is cheap for a reason. This vacuum lasted me only about 4 months. It was a lousy piece of junk.
1,If you like to be irritated early in the morning when all you want is a cup of coffee...this is the one for you. I have several gripes but the main one is the carafe! I just got done cleaning up a mess and that prompted me to warn off others. This thing can not pour worth a darn. Coffee leaks all over the table, me, the floor unless you do it "just so" and even then it still leaks some. And then you have to take the lid off and turn it upside down to get out the last of it. Did cuisinart test this? Or not? Pitiful!	The grinder is ok...but at time it warns you to stop and clean it when all you want is to make coffee in the morning.
1,I read over the page carefully before I purchased these.  At no point did it say that these were anything but cotton, though I notice that now it does say microfiber.  I would NEVER have purchased them had I known they weren't cotton.		When you get the package, it says in very large letters 1500 Thread Count 100% Egyptian Cotton.  In very tiny letters beneath it are the words made of high strength microfiber yarns.		I can not even begin to say how displeased I am with these pillowcases.  I'm going to complain to Amazon about it, because I know the bit about them being microfiber wasn't on the page when I ordered them.		Please, please don't let these people be successful in their con game.  Don't buy their products.
1,didnt do anything for me
1,The big problem is the "Thermal" carafe. Being a metal container is always cold affecting seriously  the coffe temperature. Also, if you have the patiente to warm it, it will not keep the coffee hot for more -perhaps-than one hour.	I'm sorry for having waisted my money.
1,Eh, kinda cheep. Returned. The padding in the seat is pretty thin, imagine it would be pretty uncomfortable rather quickly.
1,Don't buy this fan if you plan on using it a lot.  After only 6 months of steady use the thing makes a loud noise that prohibits me from using it out of respect for my neighbors.  at double the price than others, I would like to know why Ozeri feels they can charge so much for a TERRIBLE product.  I will not buy anything ever again from Ozeri.  Maybe that's why they charge so much
1,This after market "deal" snagged my couch in several places under normal pressure and use.  Maybe I have a defective one as I can't seem to figure out where the sharp spot(s) is on the tool that's causing it to catch on the fabric.  They are hard to find, but I highly recommended searching for an authentic Dyson Stair and Upholstery attachment.  Saving a few dollars is not worth damaging your upholstery.
1,It wouldn't stay at a specific length, like there was no locking mechanism. Also, much cheaper material and construction than what I expected. I could have bought the same item cheaper at Target.
1,After four uses the plastic parts started to break off....
1,Every flower was stained eith glue.  Unusable!
1,I gave it a two star because it used to work perfectly to keep the temperature of any hot liquid. I even recommended to friends and families. But as many reviewers pointed out, it stopped working after a few months. One day the surface outside became very hot, and it stopped working! Whatever you poured in became cold within an hour.  I contacted Amazon and was sent a replacement, and I sent back the one that didn't work. Believe it or not, the same thing happened: it worked for a few months and then one day, the outside surface got very hot and this time I knew it was broken again! I checked the reviews and many of those one start ones reported the same problem and they obviously received the item around the same time I did. I had ordered a 32 ounce thermos bottle from Amazon with the same problem! I used the Carafe at home and bring the 32 ounce one when I go out. Neither lasted for more than half a year! With the prices I paid, the quality is really unacceptable.  I only wish I didn't need to contact Amazon every few months about the thermos bottles! They are the worst products I have purchased on Amazon.
1,It  is a good knife, but not the best I've had.  I have another one, a different brand, but a shorter blade, that works way better as to sharpness and quality of cut.  I would not order another one from this company.
1,If I did not need a dog-proof garbage can I would not buy this one. It is extremely wide (though it does hold a lot of garbage). It iust seems like the shape is not space-efficient. It is too light and moves around all over the place, we might put some blocks in the bottom. The good thing is it keeps my dog from opening the lid, but I don't know if my biggest pet peeve with this can is that it does not have a liner and it requires very expensive special bags that only come in white (since there is no liner you can see them- tacky looking), or that it has a slow-close lid. Why would you make a special locking lid to keep dogs out that closes slowly (allowing my rescue dog with major food issues to get his head in and wolf stuff down before I can stop him)?!		Another thing I hate about this can is that the lock is very difficult to operate, pretty much need two hands. I want my old garbage can back. I am going to try buying regular bags from the grocery store and see if they work but based on other reviews I have read I'm not hopeful.		Update: Bought these trash bags  https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01BZ0MR54/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o02_s00?ie=UTF8&th=1 and they do fit. They are shorter but seem to stretch out. That being said, I found three new things I hate about this trash can. The easiest way to close with one hand is to "punch" the locking mechanism in. It is difficult to use two hands when dealing with eggshells or raw chicken, and my husband and I both use this method when we have one clean hand. With the garbage can being so light this makes it mark up the wall quite a bit. Also, noticing the locking mechanism is becoming harder to pull out all the way. It looks lik it's unlocked but doesn't open when you try to. Think this has something to do with our rather violent way of locking it, but it's just too difficult to lock with one hand any other way. Also, there is a metal bar on the bottom. From all of the movement the metal is marking up my floor rather badly.		It does keep the dog out, but that and the large capacity are the only good things about this garbage can.
1,I own many Cuisinart products and was excited to find this item. I readily purchased it from bed bath & beyond. The excitement ended there. The first time I used it it leaked oil everywhere. The lid while looks pretty is a terrible design. It hangs over the edge of the pan so as oil splatters up on the sides of the lid it drips down the sides of the base. NOT GOOD! The lid fogs up really quick and you don't see much so the fact that it's clear doesn't help any. They need to redesign the venting at the top to allow more air to flow faster so that the lid doesn't fog up. The heating pan is also a bad design. The stirring arm motor is too weak and towards the end of the popping cycle it will not stir the corn so you'll get some burnt at the end. Also the pan has ridges all around the edge which match the lid design so uncooked kernels find refuge here and don't pop. Again bad design. I've used it about a dozen times and I haven't had anything break such as the handle locks as others have reported, but it's a mess to clean up due to bad lid/base design.		So since I was disappointed I began my hunt again for another popper. I found the Westbend Kettle Krazy and bought it from Amazon thinking hopefully the design is better. It arrived and I quickly washed it and set it up. I immediately noticed that the lid atleast fits inside the pan, thank goodness... I knew the dripping oil wouldn't be an issue anymore. I popped my first batch and it was amazing! I couldn't believe how different the two units functioned. The pan shape is so much better and the stirring arm is very strong and I think it would stir through anything! I then made kettle corn, yes that's right, kettle corn just like you'd get at the local fair. 3tbs corn oil, 3/4 C mushroom kernels, 1/3 sugar. Add oil, let heat for 2 min, add kernels. When first kernel pops add sugar, sprinkling evenly over kernels and quickly replace lid. Once popped, salt to taste and shake to mix. There you have it, perfect kettle corn. I tried this in the Cuisinart and it just burnt, mainly because the stirring arm motor isn't very strong and made a mess. It also was hard to clean the lid & the cooking pan. BUT the Westbend performed like a champ!!! There was almost no clean up at all. The teflon coating on the pan is amazing and nothing sticks to it. The coating on the EasyPop sucks and sticking is inevitable.		Go with the Westbend Kettle Krazy, You'll be glad that you did!!!
1,I was disappointed in the performance of the portable clothes dryer.  It was easy to set up and I thought I would try to dry 3 items.  One was a bathrobe that was made of a lightweight fabric, a very worn out nightgown and a long sleeved pullover shirt.  I had them in the dryer for about 30 minutes and they were not drying.  The dryer shut off by itself, but I don't know why.  My guess is it was overheating.  I was concerned that if I had more items to dry and/or they were made of a heavier fabric, it would take a very long time to dry and run up my electric bill.  While the item was exactly as described, I'm disappointed with the performance.  I am returning it tomorrow.
1,A piece of junk.  Would have returned it but my UPS charge would have too much
1,I was convinced by the good reviews. The bottle look good when received. It is leak proof when the cap closed. However, the leak design has flaws. I bought this bottle for my morning coffee. When opened, some coffee got in the cap ( there is a silicon piece on the cap which somehow store water) and it busted coffee on my hand, and my car ( very small amount) at first I try to accommodate it. As it was my frist day using it. But then it become annoying. Then when I brought it to glass. Every time I drunk, the excess coffee got into the cap and around the bottle mouth. It leak coffee down around the bottle ( I got a white one, imagine coffee dripping down . It looked so messy) but because I need my coffee. I had to put up with it to get into my coffee. Every time I open , coffee busted out and leak , I have to be very careful whenever I drink it. So it won't drop on my clothes. I should have taken pic. But because I was so frustrated, so I forgot.  I usually put coffee in tumbler, but I want to get coffee in Thermo bottle so my coffee can keep cold the whole day. This make me so disappointed and thought I had to give up on thermo bottle. I returned the this item. And somehow didn't get full refund. Amazon minus $1 off ( I don't know why)	After hours researching for another leak proof thermo bottle. I came acrossed one bottle from lifesky ( I don't mean to advertise for other brand) but because I was so happy with their leak proof. The cap is well designed. No extra coffee got into the cap. Thank God. Now I have a thermo bottle to keep my coffee cold whole day.
1,Leaked, returned
1,Arrived dented although the pkg was not.  I believe it was packed that way.
1,Super small.  if you use a liner bag it will cover the can up completely
1,It worked one time and the lid cracked. This is a waste of money!
1,I bought several of these for myself and my children.  This is for a left-handed person and you are unable to strain food, etc. if you are right-handed.  The lip on the strainer prevents you from using this tool with your right hand.
1,It leaked after a week or so so, it did not perform as mentioned.
1,Doesn't even come close to fitting my sofa.  Just a big throw rug.
1,Not as expected
1,Waste of time!  Why?		1.  The hardware is designed to screw into the holes and then secure the tree in place.  However, in actuality the hardware just pushes into the holes and freely moves about, both in and out.  Unfortunately, the tree is not held in place and wobbles all over the place and falls over.		2.  There are teeth designed to nail into the bottom of the tree holding the stand in place.  However the teeth are flimsy metal, short and keep falling out once nailed into the trunk.		3.  It's a total waste of time (1 - 2 hours) that ended up in another store buying a different Christmas tree stand.		4.  Found a new stand at Target just now, half the price, holds a gallon of water and secures the tree in place with 8 screws and bolts.  Installs in about 5 minutes.
1,FEB 2018 updated review-	The pretty lights lasted a few months only. We had them going up an outdoor staircase.  I think it rained once maybe twice. They just died one day without warning or cause. Too bad because I really liked them. Not worth buying again for such a temporary fix for lighting:(	Had given 5 stars going to take off 2 or 3. They stopped working months ago I'm just remembering to update this now. I never ordered more I wanted to see if they lasted. They did not sadly. FYI the cord to plug in it was under my staircase and protected from the elements. So these only lasted a few months:(		Nice lights. I bought the cool white they are not yellow white but a cool white with bluish tone but not blue. 100 feet. They went all the way up my staircase and back down if wondering how far they can go. Very bright. I will be ordering more. They seem very well made. I did just purchase a week or so ago so if they fail I will update so far so good. I did handle them with care as they are so tiny. They are about 1/3 of the cost in a retail store that's if you could find 100' strand. Good price at 28$ I thought. Big lots had them not as long for 3 times the $.. good purchase.
1,I liked the idea of it but the product did not work. Even a hotel size bar of soap was to heavy for the suction cups to hold for any length of time. More wasted money. Glad it was inexpensive.
1,Seems like a waste of money. I use it in a small closet, but after less than a month each time, the dank moist smell returns. When trying to recharge by plugging in, it fails to work (change the beads back to the right color) if plugged in to a wall outlet. Works better if plugged in to a power strip so the unit is upright. I would not ever buy this again. I think a real dehumidifier must be the way to go despite the increased cost.
1,Stem detaches itself the second you stop the blade's motion. Dangerous, faulty.  I've tried the stem with all my disks and it does the same thing.  Very disappointing.
1,I have small hands and the handle is too small. I used it once and put it in the dishwasher and the finish came off the entire cheese slicer. Very disappointed
1,This is ridiculous. It's huge and  bulky and does not get the job done. Wish I didn't bother buying this.
1,Too flimsy and I get that's the idea so you can squeeze the Jello shot out but they are so flimsy that it's hard to put the lids on them without collapsing them. Wouldn't buy again.
1,Well it arrived damaged.  It was not tha carrier as the shipping box was prestine, it was at the warehouse somewhere.  The Item's box was crushed on one end.  The item itself had a pieces cracked off on the bottom of the base.  We decided it wasn't worth going through the hassle of sending it back as it still works fine, just has cosmetic damages do to very poor handling and inspection in the Amazon warehouse.  I would have left "Package/delivery feedback" but for some reason this order doesnt have that option so i will post it here.  Item itself does what it is supposed to; efficiently heats water.  Feel flimsey and cheap but works.  Just be ware of the poor handling in the Amazon warehouse.
1,The product is OK  but it was falsely advertised, it supposedly is reversible  the backside is latex  would send back but too much trouble
1,Loses synch connection. Every. Ten. Minutes.		I would like everything about this thing except for two related issues, one an apparent weakness, the other a design flaw.		1. The sync to from the base to the remote monitor CONSTANTLY loses it's signal, and the remote starts beeping. Even with my grill on the deck, and lots of windows, and me sitting inside 20 feet away...BEEP BEEP BEEP constantly. Which then leads to item 2, the design flaw...		2. When the sync is lost, you have to go to the base unit to re-sync, you can't do it from inside. What? And with how often it loses sync, I am running outside constantly to reset the sync, which gets old really fast. I finally give up and just turn the remote monitor off, and go out every 30 minutes or so to check the temps on the base unit.		I've tried fresh batteries, turning on and off, to no avail. The sync feature is USELESS.		I will be switching over to the new Thermoworks 'Smoke' model now that's it's been out for awhile and has good reviews.
1,I'm almost embarrassed to write this review because I'm not and experienced baker.  As a novice I found it to be messy and difficult to handle.  I wanted to use as a prep surface for the second proofing of no-knead bread.  It is really not at all suited to that purpose.  No-knead bread dough is really wet and sticky.  It stuck to this pastry cloth so badly as to be next to impossible to handle.  I wound up with a silicone pastry mat from Fox croft which is just perfect--also purchased from Amazon.com.  On the plus side this cloth is very nicely made and may well work for other purposes, but it is NOT suited for no-knead bread prep.
1,I was disappointed to find out that this doesn't fit about half of my ziploc, saran wrap type boxes.  The shelves are too close together for several varieties to fit in.
1,Won't stay in place.
1,I bought this in fall 2012 and used it once a quarter in 2013 (4 times) and took it out to yes today and it's dead!! Turned on for about 3 mins and then died!! Piece of junk DO NOT BUY!
1,I use it but it is a pain in the butt. It's hard to clean and when I am using it, it gets stuck and clogged a lot. There is a lot of wasted vegetable at the end (I give it to my bunnies). I do however like the health side of it and no longer having to use pastas.
1,If it wasn't completely gross smelling it would have been pretty good. It needed a bit more stuffing but we want d it for a lumberjack costume so I figured I'd be stuffing it up. It is a velour material with real stuffing not nylon with microbeads which is why I wanted it in the first place. I reordered to see if another one would be better....we'll see.
1,Looked good out of the box...but could not get it to fit...tried every which way..but, alas, had to return it.
1,Hard to press, couldn't use it.
1,This item would not power on after plugging it in. Nothing, nada! I called the GoWise telephone  number on the instruction booklet and left a message but no one bothered to return my call. I am returning this item and will not buy another product from this company again.
1,had to return one do to defects in workmanship. The second looks alot better..
1,Differently over priced for the container quality and the silverware , but the serve the purpose, the knife dosnt really cut though and plastic container is very cheap, it broke from one drop . So now I have to put the silverware in a bag
1,Clogs up after only a few days. Then I have to take it out and shake it to losen the charcoal. Then it will work for three or four days. Did not have the problem with original.
1,So bad, does not close properly the bottles. We made beer but the gas went all away because thrusters not firmly closed.
1,The material are very cheap and there is a big space between the two door when its closed.
1,This New Wave Enviro 10 Stage Water Filter makes my New Wave Water Filter System leak. I have left messages contacting the company and not had a respond yet. I would like to solve this problem.
1,POOR QUALITY. RIPPED AFTER ABOUT A MONTH OF USE
1,Not weather resist, junk.
1,Way too small - miniature gummy bears - disappointed.
1,This was a bit smaller than expected, and one of the feet was missing the plastic cap, making it not sit even on the floor.		The log carrier initially seemed to be good quality, until most of the stitches popped out of one of the handles. If you're going to use it to carry 4-5 pieces of wood, you're probably fine. We were looking for something a bit more rugged as our woodpile is a good bit from the house.
1,Very, very, very thin!  Chintzy in both the print and the quality.  More like fuzz than real yarn.  Not at all what I was expecting.  I bought for my dogs so I really wasn't being too particular about the item, but this was so thin and ugly.  Returning.  Bought two remnants at local hardware store for $20, a much better deal and they look much better.
1,Got it for Xmas.  This is why I returned it.	1- Impossible to clean.  There is an outside brim that is faceted that is impossible to clean	2 - Never did find the bbq setting	3 -- Manual is worthless.  Nothing in there.	4 -- 1st time with yoghurt great.  Second time water.  Third time locked up and we can't open it open.
1,Small and cheap. I didn't like the feel I think it won't hold up for long.
1,as others have already mentioned, the handles aren't painted all the way leaving white unpainted gaps between stem and cup. just tacky and awful. also, most of the dishes have chipped after a few months.
1,Very disappointed. Bought it for the office so I could eat hot sandwiches instead of cold refrigerated ones. The sandwich comes out almost burned in some areas and barely toasted in others. The press seems to run much hotter than suggested in the instructions. Recommended cooking time for a sandwich is 3-5 minutes. My experience is two minutes will still result in some charred bread with slightly warm inside; 3 minutes results in burned bread but nicely melted cheese! I would prefer that the press temperature be a little lower so my refrigerated sandwich could get nicely warmed on the inside before burning on the outside. I will still use it because I paid for it and is easier that microwaving the meat and cheese while toasting the bread separately...
1,I was happy with these knives for the first 30 days but after day 31 (approx) the knives started to get rusty. I'm not sure these are made of stainless steel
1,Purchased a used model through amazon and the cutting blades are miss-spaced.  It doesn't fully separate the dough, making your pasta look cut when it's actually still fully stuck together.  I know it's too late for a refund because I had it for 6 months before I even got to use it, and by then I'm pretty sure they won't take it back.  I don't know what the previous owner did to this machine, but Atlas is known for quality so I can only imagine what must have been done to it to knock the dies apart like that.  All it does is roll out sheets of pasta dough and does not function to actually cut them into usable pasta.  I'm giving it two stars because it's obvious to me that whoever had it before me messed it up and that Atlas probably did not manufacture the machine that way.
1,Although these are beautiful, these are extremely difficult to put together by myself.  Out of the two ordered one arrived broken.
1,I was expecting it to be a bit bigger
1,These are miniature minus baking cups.
1,Not as full as the photo. I had to get another one to use in my wedding and use this one on my arch. Not a good buy unless your going to add to it
1,Probe wasn't long. Not very accurate either.
1,The pillow arrived as expected, rolled up and flat. I tossed it in the dryer for an hour and it finally puffed up. I let it air out for 48 hours as it had a strong chemical smell. The pillow is extremely firm and does not provide much forgiveness when laid upon.
1,I found this item on EBAY and the advertisement is exactly as it is on their website; designed to mislead people into thinking that the Electrolux company has resurrected the old Marquis and Olympia metal tank machines. Do not buy this machine! It is NOT made in the USA it is made in CHINA. Pure garbage and a waste of money. Better off with a used electrolux or a dirt devil for 20 bucks at Target!	Caviat Emptor.
1,would not purchase again, zipper tangles with mesh which remains stiff after many washings, not pleasant to use - i far prefer other bags i have gotten in the past.
1,Too light weight.  Much smaller than it seems.
1,Much smaller than expected and very poor quality of the painting the color is very dull
1,I want this toaster to be the perfect toaster so bad, I bought it twice!. It looks great, it's cool to the touch, it's easy to clean, and it looks great on my counter top-that's the two stars. The End!		Regardless of which setting you select, there are only failed outcomes when the bread pops up: you get either all charcoal or all warm bread; or one side is mildly toasted and the other side is barely warm. On occasion, the first cycle of toasting gives you nothing and if you use it immediately again, the second cycle gives you charcoal. The bottom line, it's so inconsistent, that you have to tend the toast until you get what you may want.		Several years ago, I purchased the CPT-120 and conducted an extensive review. After having the kitchen recently remodeled, I decided to give it's updated version a test. It failed miserably. Good thing we are having a garage sale.
1,The cupcake cups soak in moisture from the cake batter and once cooked, you can no longer see the cute artwork printed into the cups.  The flags are cute and I suppose might be worth the $1.75 for 24, but I'd recommend going with a plain paper cup instead.
1,I have had two of the bamboo containers, one for salt and one for pepper, and sadly both cracked at a joint or seam in the wood.  They were very nice until that happened.  This was a few years ago and I honestly do not remember if they were from Lipper International.  I eventually had a friend custom make two porcelain lidded containers.
1,This broke, and all of the wiring came undone the first time I used it.
1,I bought the larger stainless steel Copco tea kettle and replaced it with this smaller one after the larger one developed large rust spots inside.  This one is worse.  It's rusting on the inside and outside in less than a year's time.		It's not the thickness of the stainless steel that is the problem.  It's the poor quality of stainless steel used.  Junk.
1,Poor quality. One of the lids came broken.
1,I have had this on my wish list for months. I was so disappointed when I received the breadbox! For the cost I expected much better quality, the doors were misaligned and somewhat difficult to work. Also, there is a tremendous chemical smell!! On a positive note, the delivery was very prompt. I am sending this back.
1,I ordered the 12 oz. ramekins. They are the same dimensions that several other reviewers and question-answerers have noted; however, they are no where near 12 ounces. They hold eight ounces to the bottom of the inside lip and a scant 10 ounces when filled to the brim. The box they came in is marked 12 ounces, and each ramekin has a sticker label on the bottom that says 12 ounces. They are really attractive, and I'm sure the smaller size will be fine for some uses. But I don't really have the space to store several sets of ramekins in different sizes. Also (perhaps a little paranoia here but) I wonder, since they are so repeatedly and blatantly mis-labeled, what else may be over-promised or inaccurate. Like are they really food-safe?
1,I've only used it once and it barely fit the cooker, and has already ripped a little.
1,The directions were impossible I returned it for that reason. Was not easy to figure out
1,You need 2 people to use it, otherwise it is hard to unscrew a tight lid by yourself.
1,This is not what I expected... I was looking to get this to use it as a pepper grinder.	This is so small that it will not be of use...	Positive though is that it is nice metal... would probably be good at grinding Turkish coffee
1,The glass part of this honey jar is so fragile I was afraid to use it.  I have never seen glass so thin on a jar you'd expect to use every day.  I returned it.
1,You get what you pay for. They are plastic and come apart.
1,I am so disappointed in these knives. I was expecting a lower quality knife than a (much more pricey) Yaxell or Shun, but this was worse than I expected. The handle on the 8" is HUGE. Much, much larger than it looks in the picture. Both knives are dull, and wouldn't cut a tomato out of the box. Overall, these knives look and feel cheap. For the price, I wasn't expecting much. What I received was disappointing, even with low expectations. My junky 10 year old faberware knife outperforms these knives. I expected them to be attractive, at least... But the giant, cheap looking (and feeling) handle negates the beauty of the (dull) blade. Not functional, not attractive, not keeping. Bummer.
1,It's a nice glass but it arrived with a chip in the base.
1,My first use of this thing was absolutely terrible, not only did the water not fully penetrate the coffee leaving a weak taste but when I went to dump out the coffee grounds I realized some in the middle were still completely dry making me feel like I had wasted perfectly good coffee. I followed the instructions exactly and mixed it up several times throughout the brewing process and the only way I had figured out to make sure the water penetrated through the grounds was to pour the water through the grounds and into the container which was a major pain.		Don't even waste your money with this it doesn't do anything a French Press can't do and it has the downside of not being able to be used for hot coffee. I just started making cold brew coffee and from my experience French Press cold brew coffee not only tastes far better but it's much easier to make and dispose of. The "sludge" you get at the bottom of the container is also dramatically reduced in a French Press since you're pressing all of it to the bottom of the container anyway. Overall it's a good idea but I think the filter material is just so fine that water can barely seep in making the flavor extremely lacking even after brewing for well over 24 hours.
1,Update 08/20/2015: When I decided to go back to using my French Press I learned of a serious flaw in this grinder. It does well up to about 6 or 7 'clicks' but when I tried it 9 and above for a coarse grind I discovered that the size of grounds varied considerably. This because the grinding mechanism wobbles when you have a high setting and it fails to produce uniform granules		I found other reviewers on the net who discovered the same thing.		An Upgrade Hario Kit can be purchased from Amazon for about $14 plus shipping cost and one reviewer said it seemed to work okay and that reviewer supposedly got more uniform grounds. However, I will check around for the cost of a new and different brand with a better  quality grinder; and if I cannot find one for $30 - $40 I will probably purchase the Upgrade Kit.		End of Update.		After initially getting used to the mill with a number of cups of coffee, I have finally found my 'groove' using it and it is really great. It will have a learning curve of maybe 3 or 4 cups of coffee, but even here, these experimental cups way surpassed the grounds of the blade coffee mills I have used for years.		The brewed coffee is so much smoother and full flavored and just a joy to drink.		I didn't believe all the advice I read in the past about our much better a burr grinder would make your coffee taste BUT NOW I'M A BELIEVER!
1,Garbage very cheap quality
1,Broke nearly immediately
1,Worked once. Now it just makes noise and doesn't even rotator around a can.
1,I loved this cooler when I first received it. The color is great and it fit my Klean Kanteen stainless water bottle perfectly. After a few months of use, however, the top kept falling off when open. I never put anything on the lid to stress it. It's just not made properly - the projections that are supposed to hold the top on are just not long enough. It was annoying initially and now I just don't want to use it anymore. It's too bad because it was different but if it doesn't work properly, it's useless.
1,Didn't recharge as expected.  I received the unit fully charged (orange beads),  However, when it was time to recharge the unit, it did not .	The beads never changed back to an orange color... I plugged in for 16 hours ... also, the unit was hot to the touch.
1,New handle is awkward.  I like the older style handle better. The thumb indentation is uncomfortable.
1,This can opener has only opened one out of five cans I have tried.  My previous opener (which I unfortunately dropped) used to open almost any can (I think it wouldn't open just one I tried in five years). I wish I ha checked to see the make of that one before I threw it out. VERY disappointed in this item and I know it is more expensive than many other items of its sort.
1,This thing is awesome! ! I have 3 big dogs, 2 kids and a messy husband, and this picks up after them beautifully.  My youngest is crawling so this helps get the dog hair and steam clean the floors.  I love it!	***update- my motor or something stopped working correctly so my machine stopped producing steam. :( I thought my life was over!! I use it everyday.... luckily I called Bissell and they sent me a brand new machine. So hopefully this one will last a little longer.	****update* so I am now on my 3rd machine. Things keep breaking. I use this machine every day because I love it so much when it works correctly. I wanted a refund instead of another machine because it is now leaking water but Bissell customer service was kinda rude and not helpful at all. Just wanting to send me another machine. Ugh.
1,Cheap looking. A waste of money. Wil be returning it. In all the years I have been buying from Amazon this Wil be my first return.
1,Very poor quality rug. Shipped folded up and fold creases never came out after down for a couple of weeks. Edge binding unraveled very quickly also. Not recommended.
1,short handles. doesn't fit over shoulder comfortably
1,Will not hold in place.. nice looking and stretches and has a nice feel, but none of that does any good if they will not hold in place.
1,We ordered this fan for the summer and not even a month it doesn't want to function anymore. We were very disappointed with our purchase after seeing so many positive feedback from others. Maybe we just got a defective one, but we are still very disappointed. We wish they had an exchange or replacement option, but they don't so we will be returning it for a full refund.		Unhappy buyer.
1,The rugs arrived and were not gray at all. They do not look like the picture.
1,This is a nice, thick, heavy shower liner (no risk of it sticking to you). BUT - it's an odd size! Each end had about four inches outside the last grommet, meaning I had to cut it (and I didn't do a great job).
1,I usually do not ever have to write a bad review but have to on this one. I JUST WENT TO TURN IT OFF AND IT ALMOST CAUSED A FIRE. Wax went all over the place and the lightbulb exploded.  I also got burned (not major just as if you put your hand under hot water) by the hot wax. It blew the fuse in the fuse box and the GFL.  The switch to the light is stuck in the on position.  It is only 5 months old!  I do hope Amazon or the seller  reads these as this needs to be checked out.  It took me a while to get all of the wax up as well.  Be careful if you buy this one. I hope this was just a fluke and does not cause anyone else a problem such as this.  It scared me.  I guess I will have to look for a new one.  It really should have lasted longer than 5 months. I made sure the proper bulb was used as well. I bought them from Amazon as they were the ones recommended for the product. My daughter in law has some by another brand that is 3 years old.  I also aid $16 for it so it was not a cheap one.
1,I have a container similar to this one and was happy with it.  I purchased this one from this seller on Amazon and when it arrived it was smaller and did not fit most of my wrapping paper.  It was to much of a headache to send it back so I guess I will find some other use for it.
1,These were just OK. They served their purpose - we had a party with 40 people. But they aren't the nicest looking plates. Could be a little sturdier and show less flaws in the glass.
1,I had no idea that 400TC would be that different from 500TC, but it is!! These sheets were rough, wrinkly and an ugly color...not my idea of luxury!
1,Not as powerfull as I thought.  I vacuumed my carpet with sand and it just spread the sand all over my carpet
1,I figured its an oven thermometer, What could go wrong? Well the reviewers that said it does not work were right.  The thermostat does not go above 350 degrees.  I tried it in 2 different ovens.  Reading the reviews on other ones it seems to be a common problem with these thermometers. So I would say you probably have a 50/50 % chance for your thermometer to either not work or it will work fine.  I am gonna end up buying a few of them at a local store and try them out. It is easier returning them to a store then having to ship a bunch back to amazon.
1,Not the colors expected...returned. Way darker and not vibrant.
1,40min quoted is totally misleading. On low power mode the suction on my $40 black and decker hand vac is stronger... so that doesn't help. On high power mode the battery (just opened from the box and charged for 5 hours) lasted 8 minutes. Far too short to do anything useful. It will be returned immediately.
1,small, and the water doesnt really drain from the bottom
1,I've had this for two months  I use it once a week to vacuum my stairs and couch, light duty so two weeks ago the belt fell off. I read the instructions and fixed it, it promptly came off again and you have to unscrew the belt cover. so now? the screw is broken and you can't get it off. you can't remover the cover to fix it. it broke AFTER USING IT ONCE!!! it's cheap plastic and breaks after the first use. I wouldn't waste your money.
1,Absolute crap. I would love to give zero
1,the puddle is treated and during the life of it whatever it's treated with is slowly peeling off ending up in rice! I trashed it and bought one that is not treated which I think is better.
1,Purchased this to make french macarons and am very disappointed for two reasons:	1. Because the product is a very high end non-stick, the bottoms of the macarons lift up during the cooking process leaving the bottoms undercooked and risen, creating a concave shape, so your filling doesnt properly fit between two cookies (see my picture). *I have made macarons from the same mixture using both parchment and the Silpat, and the ones on the parchment came out with normal bottoms, so I believe this was not	an error with the thickness of the macaronage*	2. The circles are large and NOT the size for making the miniature macarons. I should have realized this myself before purchasing, so Ill put this out	there in case anyone reading this is looking to make minis.
1,I looked forward to having my own cappuccino maker and received this as a gift. I had seen the reviews but hoped that mine would be a "good" one.  After a few weeks of use, it started leaking from the bottom.  I returned the machine to the store and received a replacement.  I thought I was home free since it didn't leak for about six months and then it started again.  I am extremely disappointed and DeLonghi is not supportive.  I would NOT RECOMMEND this company nor the machine.
1,The pickup doesn't suck, and that sucks. It is only good for picking up stuff like bread crumbs and maybe a little sand. No leaves, sawdust or pill bugs. Boy, it bugged me. At least it only took 5 minutes to find this out.
1,returned,  changed mind ...don't need.
1,This fan is quiet probably cause it doesn't provide a high speed fan.
1,CHEAP quality.  You get what you pay for. This would be good for a shed or RV where you just want a covering.
1,Bought this 10 months ago and the sprayer just stopped working.  Only used ~10 times.  Won't buy again.
1,I don't know what kind of "spots" this thing cleans but none of the ones on my couch.  I've never been more disappointed in a small appliance. Huge waste of money. Currently washing in the washing machine the couch covers rather than having been able to "spot clean" which is why I bought it.
1,Much smaller than shown
1,So disappointed in his rug. It's already unraveling all at the corners and the corners are also flipped up. This is a very low quality rug. I have it in a moderate foot traffic zone and have never had a rug do this. Do not recommend this rug to anyone. It is only 2 months old!
1,Was not as large as stated.  Had to send it back. But seller refunded me the full amount.
1,Looks nice,  but hair escapes beneath it and water gets trapped above it. Threw it away
1,Doesn't work at all. I just threw it away. Bad quality.
1,I "USE" to love this product, in fact, as my other one from years ago started to wear down, I bought this one in August, I did not use it yet, I finally started to use it.  Something is wrong with it, it worked for about 1 month and died, tried to hit return or replace and it said I couldn't where it was passed Sept 14.  I hadnt used it that much!  Guess they don't make them like they use to.  So for $75.00 I didn't have to use my hands for a month, NOT WORTH IT!
1,you SHOULD be saying "HELLO" to Bill W. if you HAVE. to buy this item?... ooooh h_ll yes!
1,It works but takes a long time to warm the water.  I don't even use it since it pointless. And I don't have the box to send it back.
1,Not what expected, very disappointed. I returned this item. I should have know better by the price.
1,Too too too firm!! It's not a Soft sofa! I felt it like a stone chair...doesn't worth the value!
1,Nice timer, but only lasted one year.
1,Mine came broken.  Not worth the hassle to send back.
1,Covers are extremely flimsy. I wouldn't buy again.
1,Description says "built in safety features" but I don't know what those are. Mine doesn't turn off if it's tipped over or picked up.
1,Don't even consider this !  It looked nothing like the picture, I opened the zipper just enough to feel the fabric and it's just as bad.	I have a 20 yr old comforter that's in better shape.		Don't waste your time !
1,Looks nothing like the picture.  The image is incredibly pixelated and has an orange hue to it.  The seller is based in China, and in order to return this, I need to go to the post office and pay for return shipment to China!  Don't waste your time on this garbage.
1,Started out fine, but the motor overheats extremely easily to the point where the plastic has started to warp after only a handful of uses (even when following product directions to not run it for long periods of time).  Wouldn't not buy this product again.
1,These things are falling apart after only four washes. I'm not pleased with these towels, and do not recommend them. If I was able to return them I would.
1,Very disappointing since the cord-bulb unit sent falls out of the hole that is too big so cannot be used.  I ended up with two unlit bowls on my shelf.
1,I have a very small bedroom, probably less than 10x10 and even on the highest setting it doesn't do a very good job of getting the dust out of the air.  I still have dust accumulating around my room even in winter with my windows shut.  I don't know where this dust is coming from, but the purifier isn't getting rid of it.  On the quiet setting it is a lot quieter, but still about the same noise level as the $200 Honeywell that I used to own(I lost it during a breakup) on it's Highest setting.  And on the quiet setting it basically does nothing.  It will suck in dust from about 1/2 inch away, but that's about it.  The only positive thing I have to say about this is that since my room is so small it's nice to be able to hang it on the wall since there is nowhere else to put it.		Bottom line:		If you really need to get the dust and allergens out of the air you're going to need to spend another $100 on a better purifier.  I would recommend the Honeywell.  If you have a tiny room and need something that can hang on the wall, but doesn't really do much besides make noise I would go with this unit.
1,I didn't even have half of the slots filled and it came crashing down within 5 minutes of hanging it up. The material ripped right where it hangs onto the medal door hanger. Also, one of the plastic pieces that hold the outer top/bottom of each slot snapped in half pretty easily as I put a pair of shoes in. I wouldn't buy this product again - two breaks (one major) in less than 5 minutes when it calls itself "durable" is a problem...
1,The small knife broke after dropping from the countertop onto a linoleum floor.  The large knife is still sharp and I use it often which is the only reason for 2 stars instead of 1.	I contacted the company back in July and got the following response.  They promised a replacement, but never provided it.  I'd rather they told me the truth.		Hi Tim,		Thank you for contacting us. Any ceramic knife will break if dropped, subjected to impact or twisting motion. Ceramic is very hard which is why it can get very sharp and stay sharp, but it also mean they can break unlike a normal steel knife.		We would not normally replace this. However, we are a small business and have a very strong commitment to our customers.  We want every customer to be delighted, so I will replace it for you. I will have to ship it to you directly as we are out of stock at Amazon.		I will ship the replacement next week to the address from the original order.		Thank you. We appreciate your business.	Annette	Vesper's Kitchen
1,with this as i really wanted it to be red with brown. would not order this again or tell a friend to order it
1,The zipper separated on 1 of these after 1 wash!
1,Structural design does not allow complete opening of the curtain
1,I have tried several of these produce life extenders and the best one out there is the BluApple. It sells for $2 more on their website than what I pay ay my local supermarket so check it out at your supermarket first. It also is refillable. I comes with 2 blue shaped apples with 2 refills and a one year refill pack is also for sale. It really works from everything to fresh veggies to berries. No problems and I have been using them for 6 months now. I like the fact that the apples can be reused. Just open it, throw out the old packet and insert the new one. Voila!  Highly recommended.
1,Fell apart within 6 months
1,I was ready to order this nice looking and seemingly quite functional pot, but decided to do some research on it first.  I'm glad that I did because there was a surprisingly large number of one star reviews.  No one recommended it either and many returned them to the stores.		Why?  This is rediculous, but the top is not oven safe!  The directions say for stove top use.  Unbelievable!		I'll probably get the "LODGE" brand one.  They are made in the USA too.	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Lodge-Color-Dutch-Oven-Island-Spice-Red-6-Quart/dp/B000N501BK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Lodge Color Dutch Oven, Island Spice Red, 6-Quart</a>		It will be great for our winter stews and soups.
1,I bought this around the Black Friday period, so November 2011, and this thing is a big dissapointment. The DC24 is my first high-end, expensive vacuum cleaner, I was using a $75 Shark Vacuum (which isn't even their fanciest Shark vacuum) for a few years before deciding to upgrade. Boy, I wish I had just stuck to my old vacuum, it cleaned my carpet way better than the DC24 does. I have a 1 bedroom, 700 sq feet apartment, and about three quarters of the living surface is carpet. This does not pick up half of the things that the Shark picked up. I sometimes have kids around, and they drop things like Cheerio crumbs or bits of Jelly beans on the carpet. It takes a few tries to actually get the crumbs cleaned, I had to go over the spot multiple times before I was satisfied that everything got picked up. And let's not even talk about a whole Jelly bean, this machine will just push it around like that piece of candy is a darn puck and the vacuum is a hockey stick. If you enjoy recreational activities with your vacuum that might be okay, but it doesn't really float my boat.		Last month I adopted a cat, and then all hell breaks loose. My little kitty likes to play with his bird toys, so there's bits of feathers that are also now on the carpet, and he's shedding a bit so now I see bits of his fur around the apartment too. And I get that animal hair is hard for vacuums in general to pick up, but really, for a $400 piece of equipment, I expected the DC24 to be able to handle most of that. I built a cat condo and pieces of the condo-carpet fell on my regular carpet, and the Dyson wouldn't even pick that up!		Are there any pros to the vacuum? Sure. It's lightweight, and it does glide well across the carpet, and the ball technology does make it easier to go around furniture and scared little kitties. But those pros are not worth $400 dollars. I say save yourself some money and look to another vacuum. I've nothing against other Dyson models, so maybe another would work better, but this model is just not good. I can't even look at the vacuum now without crying a bit inside remembering just how much money I spent puchasing an equipment that I now really hate.
1,Disappointing.  The very first time I used it, the lid closure completely popped off on one side.  When I got a replacement one, the lid closures were too short and wouldn't lock down at all.  Dumped it, and bought an Instant Pot instead.
1,I made the mistake of assuming the Con-Tact brand film would still be high quality considering most adhesive films are still colloquially called contact paper. This is extremely thin. It's thinner than scotch tape. I used it on my phone case and it barely lasted two months before lifting off. After taking it off my phone case, it left a sticky residue. The adhesive and the film separated. The previous film from another brand I had on my phone did not do this. It took forever to clean off the residual before I replaced it with another brand's blackwood design.		Save your money. Amazon has plenty of other options that are better.
1,cheap
1,A piece of the stainless steel (on knife handle)  came off of it (looks like a thin wire). Someone could have been hurt. Its too late to return the entire set so I'm going to use the warranty to have the company replace the one knife. It also has some rust stains. The set is only 4 months old. I'll update this post after we get a response.
1,After the 3rd time using this, it broke. I bought this because it had really good reveiws and was a top recommended product. The handle came away from the main product about 1/8 inch and it does not appear to be able to be tightened.
1,These are dangerous. Perhaps they work with beds with heavy legs, but mine is on slender legs and it slides right off of even one set of risers (so the bed crashes to the floor).  I am amazed no one has been seriously hurt. Please be careful and don't use these unless your bed legs are at least 1-1/2" in diameter.  I am returning these to Amazon.
1,BRIGHT METALLIC on thin fabric.
1,the top did not fit correctly which is a must in a slow cooker...never used it sent it right back...but it was pretty
1,Not worth the cost. Silicone handles slip off with each use.
1,Bought this in February. Worked great until today. Handle broke off, plastic snapped,  and no way to contact anyone or return it. Going back to the old school openers, they never broke
1,I was hoping I'd really like this product that I found it to not be consistent with the heating I am when I went to big stuff it burnt  Also my toast only toasted on the top and just a tiny bit on the bottom
1,I was looking for soft sheets so I just ordered the pillow cases.  And I am really glad I did.  I equaled high thread count with smooth and silky.  These are very rough.  They did not soften at all when washed.  But if you want canvas pillow cases these will last for a couple of generations they are so heavy.
1,Junk product to waste your money on
1,It's a dinky little coffee maker. I thought it would be much sturdier but it isn't. It is a space saver but it is small and the filter tray is wobbly, you have to make sure it's pushed in all the way and lined up with the pot or it will spill. Never had such troubles with a coffee maker, and I've had expensive and cheap ones before.
1,Did not live up to its reputation at all. I tired it out for a few days and it was horrible. Save your money. I returned mine.
1,Only place this would work would be in a beach house. I thought it'd work for my bathroom but it's just not very pleasant.
1,Coming from a guy who worked in Portland aka POTland, I can tell you these only smell a little bit like burning weed.		I was actually going to use these for a senior prank, by trying to make the whole dorm smell like pot smoke, but because they ended up smelling more "pretty" than "potty," I ended up scrapping that idea.
1,These towels aren't very absorbing.  My paper towels absorb more, and that is ridiculous.  I have other hand towels that absorb a lot.  Whenever I wash my hands I make sure not to use these towels to dry them because I'll need to use two or three.		I don't understand the hype with these towels.  Initially, based on the hype, I just assumed I was using them incorrectly.  Like, maybe they're not absorbing but they have some other redeeming qualities.  But, now I'm pretty convinced they were just a waste of money.		These towels seem like an over-hyped product, and people just continue to assume they're good because everyone else seemed to think so.  Or maybe their product quality went downhill at some point.  I don't know.  I just know that I am going to try to find more absorbing towels.		On other notes, I don't remember any trouble with shipping or the company.  I just really don't like the product, which I've owned for a long time now.
1,Barely light up. Not bright enough for what they were used for.
1,After using the chair for just over a year the pneumatic cylinder has failed.  While I am not in the same shape I was in my glory days I am also not a hazard to office furniture either.  The chair is used for only a few hours after work and is not subjected to any abuse.  I would have expected the chair to last significantly longer than it has.  In the time it has taken me to write this the chair has sunk to its lowest position twice.
1,Works as described.
1,I bought this and Matchbox cars for my grandson for Christmas.  I loved the artwork on this product over all the others sold on Amazon at that time.  However, the "Mat" is more like a sheet than a sturdy mat or rug, and wads up into a mess with no effort.  It was tossed aside after one use.
1,This pillow requires you to bunch up the material to make it comfortable to sleep on...which is what I have to do with every other pillow...so there's no need to buy this one...
1,Very cheap looking.  Much different than how the picture makes them look.  I'm sure they are most likely break resistant, but I wasn't pleased with the "cloudy" look in them.  I returned them before even using them.
1,I returned these because they are MUCH smaller than I thought they would be.  They are only about 1-2 inches wide.
1,I'm usually very pleased with the products from this company, however in this case I'm not pleased at all. This is the first of their products which I've found outright unpleasant. Perhaps others will appreciate the aroma provided by these, but I do not.
1,Mason jar is great but the pump is disappointing-would not recommend. I bought this to dispense dishwashing liquid, it does not do the job.
1,NOT WHAT i THOUGHT IT WOULD BE----LOOKS CHEAP
1,Thing worked for not even a week before it busted.  Just buy a real dust buster.  Not one of these little guys
1,Although I never before thought this was possible, this vacuum has almost too much suction.  The hose attachment will grab onto surfaces and is sometimes hard to move even when the suction adjustment is fully open.  The hose seems to be cheaply made and does not feel like it will last .  The floor attachment doesn't glide smoothly and, although I do not see any marks left behind, it feels and sounds like it is scraping my floors.  I would be concerned if I had laminate floors but thankfully, mine are stained concrete.  Saving the cord requires that you actually pick up the canister so you can wind it around the bottom clip.  Also, if you run this vacuum for longer than 5 minutes it gets extremely hot.
1,This pressure cooker works great if you don't have to brown anything.  First of all it does a poor job browning and then after you brown it doesn't build up enough pressure to cook correctly.  Also the non-stick coating peals and chips easily.  The divots in the pan make it hard to clean.  Once in a while the seal doesn't seal right and you have to reset the whole lid.  Overall I do not like this item at all.
1,I am disappointed with this product. It hardly picks up cat hair from my couch. I am returning it ASAP!!!!!
1,This was a waste of my money. After ironing the clothes look like it wasn't ironed. Don't waste you money on this item. Your better off just ironing on the bed
1,Shouldn't use as a keychain. It's too delicate and broke after a couple of days on my keyring.
1,It wasn't made as sturdy as I thought it would be.
1,Don`t buy this. It is nonstick for a little while then things begin to stick more and more. My dishes become stuck and ick from a bad pan.
1,Great concept, but the material does not last very long at the lid latch. A few of my lid latches already broke off after use 2 or 3.  The lids also don't like to store well with other lids.
1,I thought I was replacing my worn out Cuisinart immersion blender when I ordered this, but instead ended up with this nearly-unusable horror. The lock on the top requires two hand operation, and Heaven help you if you want to stop and start while you're blending (like yesterday, when I was blending tomato soup and wanted to lift the stick periodically to pick up larger bits without splashing all over the kitchen). And once you get it going, I hope you have a lot of hand strength, because you have to constantly hold the button down or it will turn off... requiring you to again press the lock and then the switch. Truthfully, this does a great job of blending once I can get it going. It's just so difficult to use that I plan to replace it with the newer version I just saw at Costco - variable speed and no lock!
1,poor quality
1,I was pleased with this product in the package. When I took it out , all 3 tiers had scratches, and one tier had non-removable smudges. Was this a used product? I paid a new product price. Very, very disappointed.
1,The indicator doesn't move smoothly, but ticks past values like a clock. It reads 5 degrees cooler than my old meat thermometer. I don't trust it.
1,Thin plastic that ripped as the bag was pulled over our tree. Branches poked through. Couldn't encase a 7ft tree. Had about 1ft exposed at the top. Thought it would help contain the mess of needles but still had to do a lot of clean up as I left a trail of needles to the outside.
1,It was an incredible microwave for a little over a year--and then the door latch failed.  Same problem dozens of other reviewers are having.  Need to slam the crap out of the door to get it to register as closed, otherwise the light stays on and the oven won't start.		Don't buy unless you're happy with replacing every year.		Edit: A few months later, the door no longer registered as closed, ever.		I took mine apart, and the cause is a thin strip of metal that anchors the door latch/sensor mechanism.  The mechanism itself is fine, but the strip of metal bends over time every time the door closes.  Eventually it's bent far enough that the sensor/latch anchored to it is out of place and will not complete the "door closed" circuit.  I was able to bend the metal back in place with two pairs of pliers, and upon reassembly the latch sensor now works again.  I glued two dowels in place to hopefully reduce the bending of the metal strip in the future.  I'll post again in a few months about the long term success of the repair.		You shouldn't have to use pliers, glue and dowels on your microwave.  Do not buy--give Panasonic the finger for this manufacturing defect.		Update: Microwave died entirely after four years.  Hunka hunka junka.
1,It's a great timer while it works. The RESET button sticks and the alarm stopped working after only a few months.  If it was made a little more durable, I would give it 5 stars!
1,Pan was not the Vollrath 5314 that I previously bought.  It was lighter weight and arrived with a number of small dents on the surface.  I returned it and purchased an Oxo gold baking pan which is heavyweight and works well.
1,was hoping for something to  pick up pet hair & crumbs  however it gets the pet hair but it won't sweep up crumbs of any kind.
1,Not happy my blue bowl was broken :-(	Pink was cracked too :-( not happy I was so excited to get them .
1,Just ok .
1,Well..... they are pine cones...1 star for that... and they do have a scent... and second star there..but not what i'd call the classic cinnamon scent you get at the grocery store during the holidays.  Has almost a faint sage scent or something.  Also... they don't  not come in the pictured bag.  Pretty disappointed. Not what i was expecting.		I was very excited to get these to use in my car but no idea what ill use them for now.  Id return them but just too busy to ship back for $10.		I did buy these in late August
1,They don't really work. They never stay in place. You end up with a piece of wood that falls over to create even a bigger mess in your drawer.
1,They bend and don't stay clipped together.
1,I have this in my bathroom (using a command hook to keep it on my mirror). Usually it's completely quiet in my bathroom, so I can hear this clock and it sounds a little like a faint water dripping sound. It's the seconds hand moving that makes the noise. It's not a loud "tick..tick..tick" like the other cheap clock I had, but this one definitely is not silent.
1,Cheap plastic and flimsy
1,I'll make this simple:		The "tree" is 3' tall *including* the pot. If you are looking for something to put into your own pot, keep looking.		It is not only plastic, but it LOOKS plastic. It's super cheap looking.
1,First Purchase: After  4 months of alternate use, one of the two jars broke at the bottom while blending. The plastic base below the blades was in to pieces in the lock position. I am not sure if its life is about 10-15 mins (5-10 sec each use).	Second Purchase: Jar base broke loose after 5 weeks.
1,Nice but for the price they should be.  Others are pack of 25-50. These are pack of 16!  Seriously.
1,Corkscrew bent the fist night I used it. I'm a bartender of 12 years and this is not a quality tool.
1,I bought a couple of old Samsonite traincases, which were typically used for cosmetics in the 50's and 60's  Both must have had perfume spilled in them, and I bought these charcoal bags in hopes of eliminating the old perfume smell.  I've recharged them as directed, but that perfume smell is tougher than these bags can handle. I started with two bags in each, moving to putting all four bags in the least odoriferous case, to no avail.		Still looking for a solution!
1,did not fit
1,Worst pos rice cooker ever. Lasted maybe two months and then started turning itself off numerous times during cooking. Aroma will not replace without the receipt so you are just out of luck. Would love to throw it against the wall right now but then I would have to clean up the mess :-)
1,I have purchased 4 of these before.  This one, in white like the others, is a strange grayish soiled color.  Still looks as bad after two washes in Oxyclean.
1,This is the sixth (and most expensive) Department 56 Dickens Christmas Village building I have purchased, and this one is somewhat disappointing. The light inside shows through the snow on the roof, giving one the impression that there is a big hole in the roof under the snow. A little also shines through other parts, like the joints between the shingles and even solid walls.		The other five have opaque paint on areas where light is not supposed to shine through.
1,This is shoddy material and the bottom tier broke off and I tried to fix it will not fix but it is cute still trying to figure out how to fix the it, bought a souldering iron gun, did not help either!
1,The Kitchen Aid blender's polycarbonate jar is described as unbreakable, but ours cracked along the base shortly after using.  It leaks but I am not sure if it leaks from the cracks or where the blades screw into the jar.  We use our blender for soups and margaritas, so crushing ice, I suspect, is what has caused the cracks.  From the other negative reviews, we are not alone.  I looked for a glass replacement jar but there are none for our model that I can find, model KSB560.
1,I bought these bags because they were more attractive than those sold by my grocery store and because they didn't have advertising logos.  However, two of the bags split at the seems after only a few uses.  Also, the insulated bags made by the same manufacturer are flat - they hold very little and do not have square bottoms - not so good for groceries.
1,going back.  WIMPY!		plus!!  heated area only one half of the blanket.		NOT a good deal at all
1,The iron arrived without instruction booklet, measuring cup, carry bag, and didn't work when plugged into the electrical outlet. Back it goes.
1,I brought this product 6 months ago. It started to rust almost immediately. Now the rust covers all of the shelves so I am online looking for a replacement.
1,Great product
1,Interior rusted after normal use.  Would not buy again
1,I was really excited for this but it's too difficult to open a can. Juice from the can just pouring from the can, I couldn't even figure out where it was cutting the can. Looks super useful but it's going back.
1,Return Policy is $13.00. This product was not as described and the return cost was almost the same price as the item.
1,VERY DISAPPOINTED. I ordered a cowhide from Rodeo 2 weeks ago and loved it. My other daughter wanted black and white so I paid extra for this rug not just black and white!!  Mostly black with little white and BROWN. Ink on back. Don't buy!!!!!!
1,The Chef Caron Wine Saver takes an inordinate number of pumps to extract enough air for it to "click"; maybe 47 or so.  That's quite a lot of effort for either an older, relaxed person or one who has enjoyed a glass or two of wine.  I prefer the Vacu Vin Wine Saver Pump that requires maybe 4 or 6 pumps.  I was initially attracted by the stainless Chef Caron Pump thinking it a more sturdy vac.
1,so cheaply made and I was so disappointed in the quality. Would never buy again.
1,Very poly in look, hangs fairly stiff vs soft folds. .  Overpriced in my opinion for quality of fabric.  Saw much better for 25% less at Lowes.
1,Well, I thought this was gonna be awesome, but after only a couple months use its not.  Doesn't keep the coffee hot, and sometimes doesn't even brew it before the green light comes on, leaving you watered down weak coffee.  Not sure if they are all like this or I got a lemon.  Frustrating.
1,Don't waste your money on this product.  It is so cheaply made and won't last you more than a week. It bends easily and is about as thin as paper. Poorly constructed, made with the lowest quality of plastic. This product is equal to a, heck I can't find anything to compare it with, but I can say that you would have better results using a small piece of hard cardboard.  Don't waste your money, unless you just have money to throw away.
1,It doesn't hold enough pots/pans as I was expecting. Some of the them fall off & the rings for the centers have broken off.
1,I would not go for silicone for pound cake molds any more. Enamel is much better and safer
1,Screws don't even fit and the product was chipped!!!!
1,Great looking toaster oven but does not perform well as a toaster - did not use the bake and broil features because of the dismal toaster performance.  With a toast setting of "2" (second lowest) the toast was very dark and burned.  This was using two slices of fresh whole wheat 45 calorie bread. After this performance repeated several times, I returned the unit and replaced it with a different manufacturer.  Another minor problem was the display.  The LCD display panel would light up randomly.  It would stay lit for several minutes and go off only to come on again at various times.  Very strange behavior.  The main reason for the return was the inability to toast properly. I have no evaluation on the performance of the baking and roasting capability - just didn't get that far in evaluating the unit.
1,I love canning and thought this would be perfect because it is stainless steel and a nice size.  It has a few inherent problems.  First, it started to rust at the weld points after only 2 uses because it is a low grade stainless.  Eventually it will break at the rust points.  Second, the handles do not stand up but tend to fall forward into the boiling water if you are using smaller jars.  Trying to get both handles up so you can pull the jars out of the water bath is challenging.  If you choose this product, purchase silicon gloves so you can grab the handles.  It is functional but I do not expect it to last long.  Save your money for a better quality product.
1,Damaged
1,I won't get cuts from sharp lid ends. I bought it in May 2015 and in September 2015, it will not cut open the can's end after approximately 24 cans. It is useless as the cutting edge now just scores the can's lid. Save your money do NOT buy it!
1,This is terrible. The hole in the middle of the strainer is a pain and the pieces don't work right.  The only thing I use this for is the big outer bowl for pasta for picnics.
1,I like the fact the plates come out and is the main reason I bought it for easy clean up.  How it does on the smooth side I have not tried yet, but the waffles turned out awful...uneven and flat...A big disappointment and not worth the money in my opinion.
1,Nice and heavy. But I couldn't get it to work, it tore up the Apple.
1,Come apart when cutting. Don't cut very well. Storage case is worthless.
1,Very flimsy. Likely will not be used. Because the funnels are so small and the material is so thin, trying to pour a liquid through these feels like pouring the liquid through a paper funnel. In addition, the opening in the funnel is larger than needed.
1,Chinese made, not microwave safe, and if you research at all you'll find that these products coming out of China tend to have high levels of melamine which can leech into your food, particularly acidic food, such as tomato sauce.
1,its too small for the cost/money needs too be bigger /larger I DONOT LIKE IT AT ALL ALSO TO BE HEAVY
1,Comfortable... perfect for a visitor mattress.... pump burned out in less than three months
1,This "mat" is slightly thicker than a towel but definitely thinner than any bath mat I have ever purchased. Moreover, it quickly attracts lint. So, it took under three days for our mat to need washing. The first wash went well ... the second wash was the end of the mat. I have experienced this problem before with DII products. They are not built with durability in-mind. As it stands, you would be considerably better off investing in a slightly more expensive mat. We have one that we purchased at Macy's for $20.00 ... two years ago ... and we wash it once every one or two weeks. It stills looks like new.		Do be careful, this may has no slip-guard. So it does slide all over (similar to a towel). This might not be your best choice if your household has younger children. Something to consider.		Bottom-line: there are much better choices on the market.
1,Ive enjoyed my heater for 3 months but it is starting to rattle.  Its very noisy and sadly Im going to have to replace it.  You get what you pay for I suppose.  This is a cheap plastic disposable space heater.  Not good for every day use.
1,A good scale but it always stops working after about a month or so. I have bought 3 so far. Spend a little more if you want a lasting product.
1,Very poor quality
1,We purchased this product due to the past reviws and the way they look. With an old house filled with wood, we felt this product would match our decor. We were shocked to get these hangers as the brackets that hold them to the wall were poorly designed. No sooner did we get them hung to the wood frame of the window when the screws holding the brackets ripped out of the hangers. We had to go to our local store and get longer and more durable screws to be able to use this product. Unless you are a handy house person, do not buy this product! By the way, we had already stained these hangers so we could not send them back to the company.
1,This is not 25 glasses as it was purported to be, it was 12... WAY WAY overpriced for 12 glasses.
1,This is exactly what I wanted. I read that it is bright but thought "how bright could it really be". Well, bright enough to keep me awake at night. I bought a dimming product (Dim It light dimming sheets) and it now works fine.
1,Such a good idea, especially for applying to injured body parts or post surgery swelling, but be careful packets do easily spill their contents!
1,I wanted to like it. I read lots of reviews on this and other like products.  Should have paid attention to those who said the microfiber cover comes off the steamer head easily.  Easily???  Always!!!  Count on it.  It doesn't glide very well on our flagstone floors, but they are bumpy, so maybe on a smooth floor it would work better.  Steam is quick and full.  That works fine, but I'd suggest looking elsewhere for a good steam mop.
1,Well, the colors aren't quite as bright as pictured. And because of the 3D design, it's really thick on the one side so it looks strange when viewing from the sides. Looking at the picture, it appears as though it's even all the way around but it's not. Also the numbers are uneven and look like they were drawn on. It's a pretty design but I finally gave it away.
1,First the good: For under fifteen dollars, this clock seemed like a bargain. It has large, easy to read numbers, even in total darkness from across the bedroom, plus a substantially loud alarm. The controls are all on a single, easy to reach forward angled panel, and the large snooze button is front and center. The night light on top is a good idea, and it can be turned on or off at will. All sounds good so far.		Now the bad: The night light stopped working within the first week.  The controls are very toy-like and small--not easy to control with larger hands. They are also not laid out in an intuitive manner, so if one doesn't use it every day, you would have to read the tiny function labels every time you turned it on or set it. It's hard to do in dim bedroom light. Same thing goes for being groggy in the morning, trying to figure out which switch out of six is the shutoff, and then getting your fingers on the little bugger of a shutoff slide switch without clicking a wrong switch before the alarm wakes up the whole house. I guess you could hit the larger snooze button first, to silence it, then go for the shutoff. What a hassle.		Conclusion: I've had a number of alarm clocks through the years, and I'd call this one below average so far. I will probably replace it sooner than later.
1,0 stars	I've bought not 1, not 2, but 3 of these pieces of crap. The plastic literally shreds within a year!!!		If you want to throw your money away please send it to me instead. I will at least thank you.		Total garbage!!!!
1,The unit makes very tasty coffee, but note that it produces about 1.5 American cups, not 6.  When they say 6, they mean 6 small espresso cup servings.  I liked to brew up the pot and pour it into a large mug, which was perfect.  The bad news is the electric base was fussy, and sometimes the on/off button wouldnt click on;  the base chirped the way it does if you forget to put water in.  After a few episodes of not being able to turn the base on, it eventually quit working entirely.  Well, that was pretty disappointing because the unit is expensive.  Today the owner of a chef's supply in my town suggested I contact Bialetti, which I did tonight.  I think I've had the unit for about a year, so it may not be under warranty.  I don't feel the base is built to last, so consider that when you contemplate buying this model.  It might be better to go for the stove-top version, although with that one you need to stay by the stove to avoid ruining the brew and burning the handle off the pot.  Phooey, I wish this thing were better engineered.  I really liked it, but it isn't long-lasting.
1,Doesn't smell like sandalwood at all. Smells like cheap Chinese incense; stings the eyes and nostrils.
1,does a great job but burns through batteries......I get maybe 5 cups until I need to replace.
1,It is not made in the USA. It is not 100% stainless steel, and I worried that at some point it might rust on the inside.
1,seems well made but I returned only for small bowls or cups
1,We are long time Mr. Coffe customers and wanted to go to the "per cup" age, but when we got this coffee maker, it didn't work and we returned it, buying thermal Keurig instead. In this case, go with the real McCoy.
1,Paper thin. Poor quality. I returned these. Other review said they were heavy but these are so light at first I thought they were plastic.
1,NOT GLASS !!!!  Cheap Plastic, three broke within days of hanging on my Tree !
1,Smaller than I expected. This item is of poor quality. As soon as I received it the metallic cover on the foot pedal came apart from its plastic base.
1,Poor quality, wood peeling off. Great customer service from seller- immediate refund!
1,A joke  as seen on TV.		After years of seeing these things advertised, and hearing me make fun of the commercial, my Dad decided to send me two.		I have to tell you, these are the cheapest, most uncomfortable and inconsistent pillows Ive ever used. One is like a piece of styrofoam. The other, a sink hole. Neither feels good on the head nor would provide a good nights sleep in a million years. I rather put my head into the bed and cover it with my so-called pillow.		The owner is a marketing guru although I wouldnt say genius and certainly, this is a scam. But with a 60 day return window, I don't know, should I waste an hour on getting these back to wherever they came from? Maybe Ill use for target practice or something.		Not impressed and not recommended.
1,item as described, brand new. Iv'e had two of these in the past and they have broken!!. first one I bought it lasted 2 weeks and then the ipod hook up insert in the chair went in and caused a short. the second one which is this one the same thing and the speakers blew. BAD QUALITY, WORST BUY, AND DON'T BUY THIS!! it may fool you to think its good but, its 1 star peice s***.
1,Apparently there is no place to get a Thermos stopper for a Rocky Thermos purchased AFTER 2005.  Period!  I've searched and searched, not even something made in CHINA will fit a Rocky Thermos.  When the flimsy stopper chips and breaks, your only alternative is to buy a new thermos.
1,It was nice while it worked. I like to make fresh squeezed juice on the weekends and one day, mid juicing it just stopped working?? I had to go out an purchase a new citrus juicer. Still not sure why it just quit working on me.
1,I mistakenly thought  these would be large enough to hold outdoor extension cords and other ""garage" items. If I had seen them in the store I would not have purchased them, especially considering they are four dollars a piece with tax. Also if you are looking for a black wire basket attachment I own 3 of the Honey Can Do brand which is available online for sixteen dollars at walmart and home depot. Unfortunately neither company offers them in their stores, but maybe they will if it becomes a popular item. It measures  7.6 in.height x 13.9 in.width, and 5 in. deep and can hold up to 50 lbs. They fit perfectly at the end of a 14 inch shelving unit and I find them quite useful.
1,Cheaply made even for Ikea. I couldn't use them at all.
1,The tooth brush holder was cracked ( before I even took completely out of the package)  in the stem of the stand. I would like to return.
1,Sent it back. I thought it would wrinkle my ties. Belts made it lean. A simple hanger works better for belts.
1,Only 6 months and already quit working
1,It keeps food warm but little part got out of it and now can't use any more.
1,I was expecting a product that worked quickly, but instead I found this product took too long in bringing my water to a boil. I would understand having to wait a while if in fact the kettle was boiling a large quantity of water, but the kettle only accommodates a small quantity. Moreover, it does not keep water hot. You boil the water, turn it off, and then start all over again. I want a product that will keep my water hot for at least a while. This is really a disappointment. I ended up returning it!
1,What a piece of junk -- this is flimsier than one could imagine and arrived broken in two places -- if it was intact, it would be a huge surprise to me if it could hold the dishes pictured, unless they aren't made of a standard material -- I got a refund from amazon and purchased the Grayline 40316 Corner Helper Shelf instead -- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0000TQGTA/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o06_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 -- for about half the price.  It's not much for looks but fine for inside a cabinet, at least it works well and holds the dishes.
1,Small. Holds one loaf of bread.
1,Returned. Ordered by mistake.
1,Arrived all wadded in a clear plastic bag and they are not even folded.  Looks like used sheets. returning ASAP.
1,This clock "looked" similar to another travel clock I have. The light did not work and the alarm was barely audible. We returned to Amazon for refund and ordered the Rick Steves clock.
1,I was in the market for a metal electric kettle when I decided to purchase this a little over a year ago. It worked okay until this morning when the little cheap plastic on/off switch (you can see it in the photo as a clear piece of plastic lever) broke. I'm not sure what happened but it was at a weird angle and raising it up and down did not trigger any noise or the light that indicates when it's on. I can't say that I'm surprised because when I first opened the box and looked at it, I thought that piece was pretty flimsy and was concerned that it might break.		The other thing that I didn't like is that the top was too narrow to be able to stick your hand in to clean out the inside of the kettle. Also, I keep water in it all the time because I drink so much tea and french press coffee and noticed recently that there was rust down at the bottom of the kettle -- on the inside. I was already in the market for a new kettle when this broke. I don't feel so bad about throwing it out now!?!
1,Way too big.  Hard to store.  Sections are too large for pie slices.  Feel like throwing out or giving to charity; not sure who would want it.
1,Came cracked so I returned it,
1,I get a lot of moths in my house.  They fly in from outside, and head straight for my closets.  I placed several of these traps near the door, near my closet, and in my closet.  It's been several weeks now, and not a single moth trapped.  Don't waste your money.
1,Wrong sized
1,Not what I expected too small not enough cheese fit  and too expensive  only thing  its sturdy..
1,Does not fit my vacuum, as stated it would.  Not sure what sort of vacuum it will fit. We have a Kirby. What a waste of money.
1,Instructions have multiple warnings about the dangerously sharp blades.  I'll stick with my knife.
1,From Cuisinart to Krupps......had em all and this is as good as any! Great price, great color and no extra nonsense. BTW...that's the way the baskets work on this style of coffee maker.		UPDATE.... can't seem to make the same pot of coffee twice. Sometimes its too strong and other times its tea. Nice color, but inconsistent coffee.
1,Very small.
1,I bought this fan for my son's room in order to create some white noise to help him sleep better. After using this fan for approximately four months, it can no longer be used. At first, the fan would alternate between turning itself on and off after being turned off both with the remote and then with the button located on the unit. Now, the fan alternates between the low and high setting all of its own accord. Lasko does not give any information about this on their website, so I will contact them regarding this issue. In the mean time, I would advise others to save the forty bucks and buy something reliable.
1,Had one of these before, and needed to replace after it was damage, but the size and fill is very different now.
1,This came with a crack in it..  It also does not fit standard size essential oils!
1,One of the worst ports I've ever had
1,Extremely made so small. The photo is  deceiving.
1,I feel that I have given this vacuum and the manufacturer a fair go at getting my approval, but after a year, I am severely disappointed.		I live in Australia and paid ~$600 for this vacuum. When it was purchased, we had carpet, and it seemed like a great improvement over the cheap vacuum we had been using. After 3 months, it wouldn't take a charge. After going around and around with the store at which it was purchased, Dyson asked us to send it in for repair. It was repaired, and stopped working again after only 2 weeks. At this stage, we requested a refund. Australian Consumer Laws state that we are entitled to a refund under this circumstance, but Dyson still wanted an opportunity to make the situation right. They sent us a new motor assembly and we sent the broken one back. Meanwhile, I bought a Miele canister vacuum and was very pleased with its performance for several months.		This past May, we moved into a home with all hardwood floors. The Dyson had remained packed away for the first few months, but I'm sure you can imagine the headache of dragging out the Miele every time my toddler gets crumbs on the floor. I decided to charge up the Dyson and give it another try-surely using it on hardwood floors would be satisfactory experience!		Essentially, this vacuum cannot even pick up toast crumbs under the table without 5-6 passes over them. I can only imagine what it was not picking up out of the carpet in our old place!
1,I am not sure how this product is receiving such a high rating but this was a terrible purchase. I purchased this to hold my boyfriends sneakers. The one positive thing about this rack is it can fit a decent amount of shoes compared to others. Negatives far outweigh the positives with this one. First of all every time you shut the door half the shoes fall off the rack and the poles fall out of their "secured" holes. The horizontal poles are so close together high top shoes will not fit. The rack can't hold more than two pairs of shoes without that row collapsing. Perhaps with women's shoes it might work better but I do not recommend it to hole men's sneakers.
1,The clock was junk, It didnot keep good time. I put in the trash	  thank you  PAUL B ISH
1,I did not find the skillet to be very nonstick.  It worked somewhat but you do have to scrub to clean it unlike many of the products seen on TV.  However, I am about convinced that these do not really exist.  Also, the skillet did not last as long as I expected.  I did not use any metal utensils and it still got scratched.		However, I must say I have not been that lucky with these type skillets so it was not that much worse or better than others that I have used.
1,RECEIVED THE KEURIG -- WAS NOT PACKAGED VERY WELL .. NO MANUAL--OR BOOKLET .. AND DID NOT MAKE COFFEE -- SAID IT WAS BREWING -- BUT NO WATER CAME OUT -- TRIED EVERYTHING TO NO AVAIL... SENT IT BACK...
1,Wanted to like this. Great size and sturdy product. But after using and washing it multiple times, we still have water that tastes very metallic. Alas, we are returning it.
1,This toaster does not toast on both sides of the bread.  One side is partially toasted, the other is not at all.  The lever to lower the bread is hard to engage, it actually tips the toaster to get it locked down to start it.  I like the count down bar and the fact that it beeps when the toast is done.  But I really want a toaster that toasts on both sides of the bread evenly and have yet to find one!  If you don't mind flipping your bread around and re-toasting it to get the other side toasted, than this is a fine toaster.
1,I bought this to heat my garage, which is 780 square feet - figuring the 1200 sq. ft. rating would be enough.  NOT!  Not a chance.  It's 30 outside right now and after 2 hours of burning prime seasoned madrona, it's 54 inside the garage.		It's a good stove I'm sure if you're in an R39-insulated home with 8 foot ceilings.  But if you want this for a garage or outside shop, GET SOMETHING A LOT BIGGER.  IMO, they need to be a lot more honest about the square footage and qualify it to say "1200 square feet of fully insulated indoor home space - not suitable for even a 700 square foot garage"		It is listed for up to 18" wood but the opening is 15" wide and really only takes 14" wood realistically - be careful how you acquire your fuel.  Sure, if the box is empty you can squeeze an 18" piece of wood in.  But not while there's a fire!  My wood is all standard cut 15.5" wedges, but I have found that I have to split everything again and make essentially large kindling.  That's about all you can do.  Maybe if you have a supply of mill ends (lopped off 2x4 wood and such) you'd be fine.  But typical cord wood?  No.		The air damper is also mostly useless.  It's adjusted correctly but makes very little difference.  I find that the door just has to be ajar for 20 minutes to get the fire really going before you can close it and start generating heat.		very disappointed - I've had many stoves over the years and this is a really disappointing one.
1,This rug is rather thin and not as nice as it looks in the pick.  I will have to find another for in front of the washer and dry.  A little disappointed.
1,Bought the King size pillows many months ago.  They held their shape for about 4 months and then they literally divided in half in the middle (where your head would be).  It's like having two separate pillows now inside the pillow casing.		I have not tried washing these yet with the hopes that these "gel" fibers will reunite, but I'm not optimistic.		The difference here between this pillow and a down-filled pillow is that you can shake the down pillow and re-distribute the feathers - you can't do this with this pillow at all.		These are probably best suited for guest bedrooms, or for those frilly pillows on the bed that are never used on a day to day basis.
1,Pretty useless for what they are intended for.
1,These are the worst and least absorbent towels I have ever purchased.  So thin and flimsy it cannot even clean and soak up a simple spill.  Wish I never brought this.
1,poor quality...
1,It is the belt specified on the machine but it does not fit. It is too small. Waste of money
1,I probably should not have washed this in the dishwasher, but I need a dishwasher safe rolling pin.  This was not it. After first use it cracked.  It wasn't so horrible that I couldn't use it, but one would think that someone makes a dishwasher safe wooden rolling pin.
1,These are much smaller than stated.  They are not 20" x 30".  I laid them out flat on the floor and measured with a metal tape measure.  Mine are 17 1/2" x 28 1/2".  They are too small for my pillows, which I also measured carefully before ordering these.  I will return them.	I wish they would be honest and give the real dimensions!
1,Updated: Second summer season and the condenser no longer comes on which means this is nothing but a fan that actually makes the room hotter because it generates a lot of heat to operate. Thoroughly disappointed and will seek out another brand		I am a 52 year old woman, had absolutely no problem getting this out of the box and set up. Took me about 15 minutes and would have taken less if I hadn't taken the time to read the instructions (it's all self explanatory and couldn't be easier.)  I don't want to speak for others but I've had other brands of these portable ACs and I suspect people complaining about the hose may not have ever bought one of these units  This one, by far, was the easiest set up, NO problem with hoses coming detached or struggles to get it on (sexist warning trigger: guys, let your wives do the hoses, I think women understand how this works from having to open jars, thread needles, just saying, it's not hard but you have to have a minute of patience, it isn't going to jam on there. :)  This unit is so much easier and better built than other brands I've had.  So don't let those reviews put you off, you will not get better cooling or better quality parts than  this model offers. Oh, and the cooling? It is COLD and the fan is powerful.  I'm buying another.		Just another note, I keep the upper hose hooked up for draining. It seems to pull a LOT of water from my old, humid house.  I would recommend doing this, I drain it into a small garbage can hidden behind the unit.
1,Purchased in Dec 2016 to put on my driveway entry gate that is always shaded. A year later the color faded so bad and was ugly so I bought some paint and touched it up. Now it's so bad I'm going to have to trash it. I'm on the look out for one that doesn't fade the colors so ugly. I expected dime fading just not to this level.  I'll post a pic soon when it's daylight for me to take a pic of it.
1,The image is misleading.  This rack is very cheaply made and looks terrible.  It works, but the item is overpriced given the poor materials used.
1,I really don't like this mirror. I couldn't have it installed for a while after receiving it because of our renovations, so it really is my fault for not opening it up sooner and sending it back where it came from. I don't like the way it looks and I cannot see myself in the zoom side without putting my nose to the mirror. Honestly that's was why I got the zoom so I wouldn't have to do that. The arm is pretty short and the way you turn it on is awkward. Because it is dimmable you have to turn the knob all the way on and all the way off. Pretty annoying. I thought the outlet was cool but my electrician laughed about it. Well, he did put it above an outlet lol.  Man, this thing is way too big and clunky.	I'm pretty sure I'm going to find another one so I'm out the money for the mirror and the installation.	By the way, be prepared before you look into a 10x zoom mirror! LOL
1,If you have any heavy boots like Uggs or Frye boots that have any weight to them, this boot stand will tip over.  Would not purchase again.
1,Very pretty to start... as long as you don't have to wash it. Then it turned into a giant fuzzball and leaves lint everywhere.	And then when you want to return it, you have to pay shipping. So NOT worth it.
1,I purchased the 3 legged unstable piece of junk,  thinking I would get some use out of it.  The third time was the time it bent over, I did not have much weight on it with jeans hanging evenly.  There was room in my trash can, so long waste of my  time and money!
1,It might be stronger with only 2 levels.  It's very wobbly and I have to rest it on the clothing rack so it won't fall over.	It does keep the shoes off the floor as long as it rests on something.
1,We bought several of these items and the idea seemed great, but the actual product just did not deliver.  It was hard to get the inside out to wash, and the seal was not always great.  It was hard to line up and get it right to get it back together.  I think that this is a great idea, but perhaps was better executed by another company.  I gave up and use regular old measuring cups.
1,Broke from base first time I used it, so I had to return it.
1,very thin and they slide all over the place.
1,no bento band. doesnt fit tight. oddly small.
1,the 7, 8, and 9 buttons cant be used to input cook times, so if you want to cook something for 8 minutes, you have to hit 6 then the 30 second button 4 times.	Maybe this is supposed to save me from blowing stuff up in my microwave?
1,I purchased this box to store finishing salts, ie truffle, smoke a lime flavored sea salts. Each layer is the same size thus making the box unstable when opening top layers.  You must open all layers to balance and it still is not very stable. Weighting the bottom wouldn't have made design better.  In addition it doesn't keep the salts from sticking together.  It is however attractive.
1,I like this style and while I don't expect master craftsmanship in such a product (it's just an incense holder), I do expect a decently made item. This ain't it. I just received it today and opened to, at first glance, see a nice looking item. The wood colour and general design are very nice. On closer inspection, there were several scratches, there were several places where the wood didn't meet smoothly with another piece (at the hinges mostly). There was a noticeable gap on the lid when closed and the gold coloured decoration was faded or half made in several areas. In short, it looked like someone did it in wood shop as a project and didn't much care if they got an A. I've seen items like this at shops in the past, much better made. I'd recommend you look elsewhere.
1,A simple, softwood frame, coated in opaque black paint.  No stain, no apparent attempt to make the surface smooth before painting.  Although only half the cost of a frame from a craft store, it felt less than half as nice.
1,Worthless. I loved every OXY branded product ever including their old jar opener. So when mine got lost in a move, I replaced. Except this one does not work. It will catch the metal lid, carve a delicate strip of paint off as you use all your strength to turn, but it fails completely as a jar opener. The included silicone mat is a useless item, as any jar you put on the mat will just tip over when you try to use the opener. A complete product fail.
1,They SMELL bad! If you are sensitive to smells do not buy these
1,Started putting out rusty water. I suppose it could be because i didn't use distilled water in it, but i've never had this problem before.
1,Arrived as silk roses - not latex - they were horrible quality too... run.
1,Broke after 1 month of useage
1,The lid doesn't stay on firmly enough.  Just go to Target and get something you can test.
1,I received one of the items with the paper and glue affixed to the front that does not come off.  I am requesting a replacement.  If it's replaced with a good tray I'll fix this review.  But it's unacceptable this way.
1,Doesn't turn very much.  It gets stuck on a metal piece that pokes out.  Very industrial looking with the hook and the threaded part on the bottom of the hook.  Looks poorly homemade, looks old and worn out.  Not what I was expecting.  Would have preferred a more clean and polished look.
1,I just received it today and I think they sent me not a new one . Like used returned products with scratch at the corner. Not happy with it but since my husband set it up already, I may not return it . It is kind of expensive compared with the size . I didn't take measure well and now it is too small for my intended place to put it .
1,Between my sister and I we bought 3 of these. They didn't last long though. One day it stopped holding air. Im not sure why. Might have a hole? I only used it in one place, my chair. I loved it until it flatned out. Not sure if I can return it or not. But it should have lasted longer, Im not sure how long it lasted but it wasn't long at all. Same happened to my sister and the two she bought.
1,I posted a review of this in April.		I feel the need to down grade my review.		I have used this item a fair amount since getting it.  I also have put it in my dishwasher, on the top rack every time I use it.		I went to use it two days ago, not noticing that the metal brand marker had dropped off.  Normally that would not have been a big problem.  Unfortunately, due to a design flaw, the metal piece covered a fairly deep crater with two round plastic nobs/pins.		It was VERY uncomfortable when using it to make scones...cutting in butter to the flour mixture.		I tried to press it back into place, but to no avail.		I would suggest washing it by hand.  Then again, when dealing with raw dairy products, the dishwasher is a better choice.
1,The box was totally fine, but the trash can had huge scratches in it.
1,Very flimsy. I returned it and bought a superior ironing board for a local store for $20, considerably less than what I paid for this one.
1,NOT recommended. As a long-time foodie I've bought my share of useless gadgets, but this takes the prize. It's one of the dumbest ideas ever. Cheap plastic doesn't give any confidence it will last. Plus, it's actually more trouble to use than just whisking heavy cream with a standard French whisk, for small amounts. This thing can't do larger quantities anyway; max is  3/4 cup or less, unwhipped. Using a whisk gives you better control over how stiff you want the cream, and doesn't take that much longer.
1,Only used it about 4 times and it broke at the top of the blade. Used super glue on it and it has broken again after 3 uses. Not a good item if you use your mixer at all.
1,Even though the price is reasonable, I still expect fairly good quality. I have a King size pillow top mattress and this fitted sheet was huge! The elastic that goes all the way around is loose, not tight at all. Useless, really. That means after a night or two of sleep, they're coming up the corners of the mattress. Wouldn't buy again.
1,As others have noted, this tablecloth is pieced and thus looks cheap.  Definitely not worth the money.  I bought it only because it's difficult to find colors like "java" in places I would normally buy better cloths for significantly less money.  And because company was coming.  If I'd known it was such I cheap-looking product, I wouldn't have wasted my money.
1,No more early riser!!!  He knows exactly when he can get up and we don't see him until after the clock has turned on!!!		Update: had to downgrade my 5 stars to 2... although it worked great for the first month, now nothing works.  Not the clock or light... nothing... not battery power or plug in.  It is completely dead.  Because it worked so well, I did order another.  I'm only hoping keeps working this time.
1,The rod itself is of decent quality and looks good. The hardware, more specifically the screws are absolute garbage. Horrible quality. The heads stripped very easily causing major frustration. I swear one of them stripped out on its own after I swore at them.
1,I used to have the old version and I need more power so i bought this one and it came incomplete so for me is not useless like I want to
1,I have not had a dirt devil, but have had hoover (bagged and bagless), oreck, electrolux, clark and sears. I needed a vacuum quick because my old one quit working. I went to Walmart and got this one. It was cheap (60). The pros with this: it has a long cord, the canister is easy to remove. Hence, I gave it one star.		The cons: Messy during emptying, rotator gets plugged easy, container has to be emptied often, even when container is empty, the bottom does not pick up well and if it is ON and the base is not rotating, it SHOOTS DIRT AND DUST OUT AND DOES NOT PICK IT UP!		My final assessment: I have had this for 4-5 months. What a waste.
1,Had to return it, The unit didn't have the hardware for my new soundbar - Vizio sb3651. SANUS should publish a list of recommended speakers.
1,doesn't smell as potent as other scents from this brand
1,Works great, and I love the idea... but it's not practical.  Can only use Oliso bags, which are very pricey.  They're reusable but extremely difficult to clean.  Not recommended.
1,No good product
1,So far it hasn't opened one lid. All it does is cut a groove into the lid.
1,This tie rack/hanger is so light and flimsy that it slides and falls.  The worst problem is that it tips if ties aren't hung in weight exactly opposite each other
1,they came with the "diamonds" falling off already!!
1,They stick but within 10 -15 minutes, they fall off.
1,Returned this after numerous attempts to get the temperature transmitter to work. The display is not very bright and the digits are small when projected on the ceiling. I bought various excellent products from La Crosse but this is not one of them.
1,Love MLP and cute design but it cracks easily.  Mine cracked when left in a hot car.
1,Broke
1,Bought these for a party & 99% of them were the ugliest green color. Only a couple reds & yellows in the entire pack.
1,Disappointing
1,Flimsy but you get what you pay for...Im just aggravated bc I use them for dinner meal prep and they are NOT microwave safe as advertised. Our started smoking and melting after only 45 seconds in a 1200 watt microwave. Beware if warming your food. I'd suggest these for cold only.
1,Squeaks, not stable
1,Fan works OK but DOES NOT HAVE ENOUGH AIR FLOW. I could just buy a dog and have it breath on me which would yield about the same amount of air flow.
1,The bag has tiny vent holes in it, so it isn't water tight. Also, the plastic isn't very sturdy. I ripped the bag trying to get the mattress in it. I patched the hole with duct tape. We put the mattres in an open trailer and moved it across state. Water was able to get into the bag. If you're going to just move across town and don't expect rain / mattress will be in a truck - then this is a good purchase. If you're going to expose the mattress to the elements or store where bugs could get in, buy something studier.
1,i read "roomba review" and thought it could be a great help. it turned out to be a big disappointment. I had low pile carpet in my master bathroom(the fllor area is about 10' x 10'). my standard wasn't high. i just want it picked up all the hairs on the carpet. the robot didn't seem to have any idea as how to go about cleaning this pretty square room. it went in random directions. it went to one corner several times while only once to another corner. but the real disappointment was that it could not pick up human hairs effectively. i watched it for some 15 minutes. it went straight over several stran of hairs a few times and unable to pick it up. i stopped it and check the dust bin, it was full already: full of  carpet threads. (i don't have such problem with a regular vaccum). i emptied it and set it running again. it didn't take long for the dust bin to be filled up with carpet threads again while leaving hairs behind. At that time, i thought i better stopped it before it ruined my carpet.
1,Didn't last but a year I would recommend spending a little more and getting a good one !
1,These pillows make us sweat. Ever wake up and your neck is sweating. That's what these pillows do. Don't like them.
1,Although the design and color proved attractive the stitching and skimpy filling were disappointing.  Three locations were not stitched or had ripped out. As usual Amazon stood behind it but they should dump this supplier.
1,DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY! This thing was a piece of crap! I suffer from dry bloody nose and thought this would help me breathe better through the night. First of all, the medicine cup where you'd put the inhaler is TINY. Can hardly fit 1/2tbs of steam. So I started mixing the vapor liquid in the water directly. NOT any better. The steam is SO low (even on the high setting), that unless you breathe literally right above it, 2 inches from the top, you don't feel it!	I tried one night with this right next to my bed, less than 1/2 ft away and nothing. I couldn't feel the steam, nor did the medication spread in the air. I have a cool mist humidifier that works SOOO much better. Too bad because I need one with warm vapor steam. Absolutely the worst product out there. Don't waste your time or the money
1,If you enjoy coffee running down your chin and down the outside of your cup this is the product for you. The cup itself is made well. The lid is ridiculous it does not seal therefore your coffee gets cold. For the price you would think you get a sealing lid. No they charge another $7 for that privilege
1,Really pretty, nice quality, made well. BUT. This cover is HUGE!  To tall to wide. I could hide my dog in there with it! LOL I don't think washing it will even shrink it enough. I don't understand why it was made so big.
1,I bought three rolls of different widths and had mixed experience.  Sometimes they work great, but just as often, the "quilting" is not sufficient to allow a vacuum to be drawn.  The bag remains full of air even though you can hear the vacuum motor effectively removing air from the machine's chamber.  The machine will then go to seal mode while the bag remains full of air.  If you try squeezing the bag, you find you cannot even force air out of the bag when the FoodSaver is closed.		When things work properly, the quilting maintains free air flow out of the bag allowing the pump to remove all the air.  Genuine bags have both sheets quilted, but these bags have one quilted sheet bonded to a non-quilted sheet.  It works sometimes but not others, possibly due to slight differences in the depth of quilting.  Either they need to tighten up their quality control, use two sheets of quilted plastic, or both.		Overall, the experience has been frustrating and disappointing.  These could be a great value.  When they work, they are great.  When they don't work they are a waste of time and money.
1,Doesn't blow as much air as expected. Desktop fan is smaller and pushes more air.
1,I tried to keep this as long as I could and tried to learn to love it but I never did	No reflection on Amazon. Amazon is always great at excepting returns
1,This is not a wood frame. It is some kind of plastic material, and I would not have bought it if it had been described honestly. The gold looks cheap, and the brackets they include to secure the canvas to the frame are too tight against the frame for the screws to be able to secure the canvas by the wood portion - instead, the screws are nearly on the edge of the canvas frame, and will go through the canvas itself, which is obviously not ideal. Overall disappointing, but if you don't care and just want something cheap to fake the look of quality, and aren't going to look too closely, this might be a great bargain.
1,Doesn't seem to pour sugar with regularity, not defective just didn't meet my expectations. I am using raw sugar, potentially conventional would flow better.
1,BEWARE!  I just received my package with was to be TWO (2) replacement pads for my	Shark Steam and Spray Professional Energized Steam Cleanser Steamer Mop | SK46.  First of all there was only one in the package.  Secondly I wouldn't really need 2 of these because I don't intend to ever use it.  It is much smaller in size than the ones that came with the original mop and much flimsier.  For this I had to wait 40 days because it ships from China.  I wouldn't have minded the wait if it were what I had ordered.  For the amount they cost me ($2.88) I should have known better.  You get what you pay for.  For that amount I will not go through the hassle to return them.
1,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Rubbermaid-Easy-Find-Lid-42-Piece-Food-Storage-Container-Set-Red/dp/B00COK3FD8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Rubbermaid Easy Find Lid 42-Piece Food Storage Container Set, Red</a>		Even-though the listing shows microwave safe.. that is now what we found out.  Tonight we wanted to warm up come yams in the container, left the lid on very loose and it was in for less than 2 minutes.  Just though folks should know...
1,Pure junk! The mechanism just didn't work. Couldn't get it to spin
1,Nothing, literally. I feel ripped off.
1,Received promptly from Amazon Warehouse Deals. Worked very well for two weeks and loved it. Today, it made a strange noise and smoke poured out it. The stench was horrible. Amazon gave me a full refund. Hooray Amazon! Boo Hoover!		When it worked, it was excellent. The bag captured all the dirt and emptied cleanly into the trash. The self propelled worked great as I am getting older and need the power assist.
1,Leak ! after 6 weeks of gentle use. trash! not recommended at all!
1,I had read most of the reviews and chose this scale based on those reviews.  I unpacked the scale and read the instructions to insert the batteries but there were no batteries.  I then checked the unit and saw it had two batteries in place but they were mismatched brands.  I thought that was strange and then I turned it on and received ERR on the screen.  The instructions said to leave it on and let it shut off by itself and then turn it on again.  I followed this and again received ERR.  I am very disappointed that I received a unit that had obviously been used by someone and it did not work for them either.  I will NOT be buying this scale again and I will continue my search.  I do not mind opening a NEW product and it does not work but having a company knowingly send an item they knew was used and passing it off as being new is bad business and I will not be buying anything from this company in the future.		***Update***  May 21st		I received a phone call from the president of EatSmart (Bill).  He requested the details of my problem and requested me to not return the product to make certain it stays out of inventory.  He also said he will be sending me a new unit right away.  I cannot say enough how impressed I am with the customer support for this company.  I initially said that I would not buy anything from this company in the future but with fabulous customer care like this I would be foolish to not buy from them again.  I will make another update to this once I receive the new scale.		***Update*** May 25th		I received my new scale on May 23rd.  It was brand new with the batteries matching and in a plastic wrapper.  I opened them up and placed them in the scale and turned it on and it is working.  I have used each day since I received it and the unit is working properly and and the measurements are accurate.  I wish I could change the star rating to higher but Amazon doesn't seem to let me change it after it was rated.  If I were to rate this product again I would give it four stars.  It does what it should but seems cheaply made.  I would rate the support team a 10 as they truly do want to keep their customers happy.
1,Omelette, does not come out fluffy or light.  Good idea, but can make nicer quality in my little fry pan
1,Bought two. They look OK but they curl up along the edges. Would return but too bulky.
1,Worked for about 6mos and then died. I would turn it on, and it would start reading 127 degrees, in the 65 degree air... Untrustworthy = junk for a thermometer... If I can't trust it, I won't use it.
1,I thought I liked this when I got it, but it runs through batteries way too fast.  Now it just stopped working.  Have had it for about 4 months and I think maybe I gave it a workout once.
1,I was looking forward to using this one cupper.  However, I must agree with a previous commenter, it does have a very strong and offensive PLASTIC odor.  The cup is also plastic inside and out - I prefer a stainless steel lined cup because I avoid putting hot food or drink in my drinks in plastic the same way I avoid putting plastic in my micro.  I haven't actually used it to make coffee yet as it is out on my porch "airing out".  If the plastic smell is still as strong in a week, I'm sad to say, I'll return it.  As far as function I think B & D came up with a very useful "one cupper".  I just don't like the outgassing plastic smell.
1,I had quite a few of the plunger cutter break, I'm talking spring shot out like a dang Jack n the box!!! Not happy! The reg cutters were fine, no issues with those. The fondant roller, it works, but not so well when the little plastic rings break, which my did. They are very flimsy! I wouldn't buy this product again, and I wouldn't recomend due to being cheaply made!
1,Bummed out that this was poorly made. It is a licensed product but the yellow circles on the tires are not sewn correctly. Two have incomplete seams so it's only a matter of time before the rest of the thread comes out and the yellow falls off
1,I just finished assembling this product that I bought a few months ago (was thinking about moving so kept it boxed/disassembled).  It is SUCH a poor quality and unsafe product I'm astonished it is available to purchase thru Amazon.  I expected it to take some time to assemble (large pre-assembled furniture often does not fit into my narrow apt bldg hallway & door).  IT TOOK 5 HOURS (and I'm a pretty good DIY'er).  The finished product is so flimsy, creeky, poor-quality that I will never be able to disassemble it to move it.  The edges of the head and floor boards are SO sharp I've scraped myself several times.  The laminate is so poor you cannot even get it assembled without scratches.  The drawers don't align properly and when you fill them they weaken and break.  THE 24 T-SPACER CONNECTORS ARE PLASTIC AND SPLIT WHEN YOU TIGHTEN (NOT OVER TIGHTEN) THE DRAWER SLIDE SCREWS!!!	I would not recommend this product to anyone.  BUYER BEWARE.
1,It's not cotton, I was so disappointed I bought one previously with another pattern and loved it.  I use it in the car because of the dogs.  I loved it so much, I bought another one for the other car seat and it's not cotton, it's rayon so it slips off the seats and doesn't stay on.  It was so cheap, I just kept it.  I would love to get another cotton one but afraid to order again since I don't know what I'll be getting.
1,I want to like this product. Most of the individual components actually seem pretty high quality, especially the ceramic burrs, better than I would have otherwise expected for a fairly low cost product. However, there is one critical exception that you'll see noted in most of the other negative reviews: the plastic insert that transfers torque from the hand crank to the grinders is exceptionally weak and prone to stripping. I can bend and warp the plastic pretty easily with just my fingers, so it's not too surprising the metal shaft that's supposed to fit in the groove and apply a much larger torque strips it pretty easily. The plastic either needs to be more rigid or walls need to be thicker so the shaft can't work its way inside (or both). Mine stripped after just four days of use.		This is a pretty unfortunate design flaw, because otherwise I did like the unit for the few days it worked. Unfortunately, this one piece turns the whole thing into a paperweight.
1,Need to be super careful with this tool.  I've not had much luck with it - have cut myself every time.  And I'm an experienced cook!  Just not the right item for me.
1,Aweful not as pictured or described its not a metal tip its a thick plastic tip that was bent....im returning it see if i can find a metal tip one.
1,Didn't work. Suction was miserable and didn't hold on to the cabinet door. Also tried 3M tapes, but just didn't work.
1,Took for ever because I did not realize it was coming from the other side of the world.  Then, it does not operate correctly and opens only two-thirds of the way.  Isn't worth my time to return and ask for a new one or a refund, but would not purchase a product from the same company again.
1,So hot!!  Whatever is touching the mattress will be on fire.  Ours is two years old and already my side is sunk in (I'm not huge hubby's a truck driver and only uses his side 2-3 days a week).  It just sucks!  It was awesome for about 6 months now it like hot mushy foam.
1,The black flocking was coming off when I opened the package. No way I would use this on white tanks. Very poor quality. Don't waste your time or money.
1,I have had this set for about 4 years and is getting to look really bad with all the "balls" and pull threads over it.  When I first got the set I had the same problem with the pillows coming apart.  It began pilling shortly after I got it and am now looking for a replacement.  I really like the pattern but it is not very durable.  I am surprised they are still selling it.  I am online looking for a duvet cover so I don't have to throw it out.
1,Fell apart within a week!
1,Easy to open?  NOT!!  Slats are bowed and uneven.  Opening it was just about impossible.  Needed two hands to open and another pair of hands to hold the bread box from moving while trying to open.  I got the item tonight, and have already started the return process!  This is the first thing I had to return from Amazon in about two years of shopping I them them.  I had to give it one star, but I wish I could rate it a NEGITIVE 5 stars!  Looks nice on the outside, but on the inside the bottom was not smooth at all.
1,Cute but had a hole in it ... :(
1,These are ROOM DARKENING shades and NOT Black out shades. I have taken pictures to show what I mean. All pictures were taken at the same time of day on the same window. The first picture shows the BLACK OUT Curtain OVER a light diffusing shade. You can see all of the light here, the picture taken right after it, is the room with the lights off. The Grommets up top allow some light but my biggest concern is that you can see it is indeed daytime. It's darkening but it is not a black out shade. On that same window I took a piece of black out fabric that I bought at the fabric store to show the difference. (you may need to click on the pictures to see the difference) the first picture shows the black out fabric with light on in the room, but when I turn the lights out, you can see it's totally black. Any light wakes me, so I must have absolute BLACKOUT shades. I'm not happy about this at all-if you're looking for true black out shades, these are not what you are looking for.
1,water value has a slow drip, after a day or so had large puddle in fridge, but other wise water quality good
1,They look nice but 3 of them are white and one is yellow. Doesn't look good !!
1,Has a very strong chemical odor to the flowers.	Returned
1,Bought this to replace my Brita.  Thought I would give this a try.  The water tastes GREAT!  I can tell the difference between it and the Brita.  The filter is really industrial though and takes up a good bit of space.  Not a problem if Zero Water spent more time looking at functionality than looks.  Sure the pitcher might look cool but it's awfully narrow AND the opening to pour water is the smaller than a dime!  It takes 5 minutes to get a decent glass of water and it takes 3 refills to fill it completely.  If they can figure out a better pitcher design, this would get 5 stars.  The other dispensers they have are a nice idea but don't think they are very ideal either.  If zero water is reading this, think shorter, squattier pitcher with a large volume opening for dispensing water as well a thumb valve that is larger (which is a nice touch).		update june 22 2010:	went back to a brita.  the water does taste great.  the pticher is soooooo poorly designed it just became an annoyance.  the spigot - great idea, TERRIBLE execution.  the pitcher poors at a TRICKLE.  sorry- when i want to fill a glass or a coffee pot, i don't want to wait more than a few minutes to fill the darn thing!  the final straw was 2 brand new filters in a row started leaching little beads.  sorry - i don't want to drink little beads.  i tried to contact the company but NO response.  bought a new brita pitcher and LOVE it b/c the water, while not as good, is minor compared to the flaws of the pitcher.  wasted my money... don't waste yours!!
1,The Good: I couldn't find anything for this category.		The Bad: The magnets inside of it are weak, which matters if you hope to have this mat stay in position while you iron. The other thing that put me off about it is that unlike the one in the photo, the one that I received is not a nice flat rectangle. It's rounded and that shape prevents it from lying completely flat. Try dealing with a rumpled ironing mat under the shirt that you're ironing and see how that works out. :(		The Ugly: As soon as I opened the package I thought that it looked smaller than advertised and I was right. Mine measures 27.5 x 18.25 inches, not 32.5 x 19.25 as advertised and what that means is that it doesn't fully cover the surface of my standard-sized dryer the way the one depicted in the photo does. That missing surface area makes for a small, inadequate ironing surface. Shorting me by a whole five inches in one direction is kind of a big deal but then they went and shorted me in the other direction too. I'm irritated by that.
1,The oven came out of the box DEFECTIVE -- it did not heat at all!  The rotisserie turned, the lights came on, but NO HEAT at all!  I removed the chicken and tried plain 'ol baking -- NO HEAT.  Now I have to drag the darn thing back to the store!  No more Hamilton Beach products for me!  If Hamilton Beach's "quality control" does not detect such a major problem, how can they detect smaller ones?
1,I ordered two of these tables at the same time with the thought of using them as night stands.  The first one arrived and I assembled it, it wasn't bad and looked like the picture.		So I threw away the box and opened the next one, which I noticed came in a slightly different box with green writing on the outside.  Unfortunately this table had a slight brown hue to it as opposed to the black of the first one I received and the handle wasn't brushed aluminum like in the picture, it was antique effect brass colored.		I sent the brown table back for a refund, as they do not offer exchanges.  Then I ordered another.  Sure enough it came in brown again.		So now I am faced with dismantling the black one and sending it back to match with the brown, or just accepting the fact that they don't match each other or the description on Amazon and go buy matching handles from Lowes.		I know these tables are cheap, but they should at least match the product description.  What happened here is a lack of quality control, customer service, and a complete waste of my time.		If you don't mind the tables being a very dark brown as opposed to black, and you are okay with brass handles that look nothing like the picture, it's still a nice table.  But frankly, if they cannot get the product to match the description, it makes me very suspicious.
1,I was drawn to the simplicity of the bed frame, but was unsure about the color. Assembled, it looks cheap and institutional... kind of like it belongs in a prison. The frame arrived with some dents and the corners were not welded smoothly. I didn't want to go through the hassle of returning it and thought the damage would be hidden when it was assembled. It still looks cheap and shoddy. I planned to spray paint it to dress it up, but I doubt paint will improve it much.
1,Both my boyfriend's and my back hurt next day and he usually never complains about that stuff. It is very hard and there is no feeling of it hugging the contour of the body. Did not feel like memory foam.
1,One of the sets burned out after only 3 weeks and the return window just expired. How convenient. Piece of Garbage!
1,I bougth 4 .Two of the small sze and two  like this one. All of them developed cracks at the bottom and coudnt hold pressure. I dumped in the trash can. Dont waste your money on chinese junk
1,nice curtain -- but NOT a blackout curtain.  As the other reviewers write (and i should have paid attention to) this is not as advertised -- it's called a blackout curtain, but light comes through, and i have to buy another to put in the nursery :(
1,The candles worked fine for a week or so but then I noticed half of them wouldn't come on via the remote. Another one wouldn't turn off with the remote so I had to manually turn it off. Either the battery life in the candles and/or the remote is defective or these are of very poor quality.
1,Very cheaply made. I haven't had this cutter for very long and already a couple of the cutters are bent. Next time i will find something of better quality.
1,very small breeze
1,Very thin and runs small. Would not fit on my full size bed. I had to return it.
1,I really like most of the features for this clock; however, there is one feature that is totally unacceptable for me and that is the alarm...it isn't very loud even turned all the way up and I have slept through it.  The last time I finally woke up 15 minutes after it started going off and yes, it IS turned up as high as it will go.  I don't use the alarm very often, I am retired but need it to get up for occasional appointments and I can't depend on it.  So, I'm having to get something else.
1,If you're expecting a candle with wax all the way down, forgetaboutit!  they're like beads of wax in the middle.  Easily crumble.
1,Too small
1,Paint on this is subpar, and is now leaving marks on my clothing after one season, despite storing this indoors.
1,The color of this thermos bottle is pretty but the quality is poor. It leaks when it's carried in a bag (without much motion) and hot beverage doesn't stay hot that long. I had other  products made by Thermos before and had no issues with leaks or keeping drinks cold or hot for a good period of time. But this bottle isn't wotrth buying. I was looking for a new thermos bottle of this size. I am very disappointed but decided to keep it ( too much of a pain trying to return it). But I will be looking for a better one made by a different company but will use this one just as a secondary bottle.	but
1,This thing is the biggest hump of junk I've purchased in a long time. It doesn't come apart to clean and you can't immerse it water, which makes removing the stuck on cake residue very difficult. Good luck getting this thing clean if you happen to overfill the cavities (the batter will pour out all sides like lava).A batch of 6 will take about 10 minutes to cook, which is ok if you only want 6. If you need to make another batch you will need to wait for it to cool down before you spend another 20 minutes trying to get it clean again. Seriously, this thing is a nightmare.  You're better off buying molds so you can make more than 6 at a time.
1,What a deception  im thinking this bowl wide as a platter for artificial fruits for coffee table. this DAMN thing no bigger than average soup bowl. want my money back crooks.
1,JUNK, had to return. When completely filled with new helium they do not float! Balloon not large enough to support its weight.
1,Wrong color came. Asked for slate and got sage!  Was not pleased and product description is not accurate. Basically when u purchase, you don't get a choice in color??? Lol. completely ridiculous and waste of money. Go elsewhere, it is cheaper.
1,don't waste your money, I ordered it and was gone when it arrived, then was ill,  I missed my 30 day window to return it.  It never worked.  I even went out and bought new batteries thinking mine may have been old even if  never used.  This is a total waste of your money.
1,These aren't worth the money. Very cheap.
1,It's hard to het toast and bagels to not get burned. Can't seem to regulate it yet to find out which setting will make the perfect toast
1,Cheap and poorly made.  Little legs would not slip under the slots provided.  I think the way this is put together would cause sanitary issues with food getting up under the legs.  Am trashing this and ordering the stainless steel mesh basket.		Update:  couple of hours after I wrote the above review.  I washed the steamer and when I returned to the kitchen to put it away, it has a rusted place on it!  It's not even stainless steel!
1,Handle broke off on first day of use.
1,I was very excited to see this product, since all of the local stores were out of it and I was told it was a seasonal item.  I make cake pops frequently and take them to work so I thought this would be the perfect transporter.  Unfortuately, it is not worth the price.  It is flimsy and thin cardboard.  I had to glue gun it to hold it together after assemblying.  Also, the cake pops DO NOT stand up, they fall over.  I would not purchase it again.
1,ugly and not nearly as nice as others i purchased,  also  these stick into the sand and what i wanted were clips to the table
1,these are wax catchers NOT holders. there is no way to stand them up. need something else for my spells
1,Aesthetically this is fine, but it won't hang.  It pulled out of the wall after two attempts to install using anchors, and it left large holes in the wall that I had to repair.  Forget hanging anything on it!  I'm not sure if I'll give it a go as a wall accent as it's rather small to serve that purpose.  Overall, wish I hadn't purchased.
1,Really bad cheap looking mug. Very disappointed with the purchase.
1,Tiny. There's no way you could fit more than maybe 2-3 sweaters. I wouldn't put anything like a blanket or a comforter in them, they would burst at the poorly constructed seams.
1,Very cute product, but sooooo small. Did not know this was so tiny. I was expecting something the size of the palm of my hand. Returned.
1,the side and back boards are hard paper boards.
1,The lid seems to be made well and doesn't leak much.  The reason for the one star is that the lid doesn't fit tightly in my Yeti 30 oz.  The original lid is tight enough to pick the cup up with.  This lid falls off when you turn it up and ice hits it.  I'm going to try swapping to the original Yeti gasket to see if this white gasket is more slippery by chance because holding them up together it looks like they are the same size.
1,These look better online than they do in person.  And you know how the saying goes, well you get what you pay for.  The colors are vibrant, but the quality is less than desirable.  The main material is very coarse material too.  My original plan was to put these around my house on beds, couch and chairs, but don't like them for that now.  I also thought about putting them on the patio chairs outside, but from another's review on here I saw that theirs had started to bleed the pillow colors onto their clothes and the furniture, so won't be doing that.
1,Arrived broken. Glasses looked cheap
1,Im a bit put off that the protectors pads were not placed in a neater orientation. I would prefer to stick it on myself. But otherwise, it is a bit on the small side if u ve lots of knives to store.
1,These balloons lose air immediately. Waste of my helium tank. Waste of money.
1,Disappointed. The Lewis Carroll mug arrived broken.
1,when you take a drink, the lid slides down over the hole, so you have to hold it open. even worse, the stupid air hole makes a whistle sound while you're drinking. i hate it.
1,Mirror hangs well in the shower but is not fogless. I had a previous mirror that fell and shattered but this one doesn't feel like it's going anywhere. It definitely fogs up so if you need it exclusively for the shower, look elsewhere.
1,A lot smaller and a lot less than pictured
1,The garland is delivered in a spiral and it never loses that form. It's impossible to unravel. I can only imagine this working as a wreath.
1,So, so tiny...not what I thought.  Do yourself a favor and get the larger size
1,Horrible craftsmanship. Door fell off the day I got it and pull out drawer got stuck. Sending back immediately
1,Dead on accurate. Quick readout.	But, after a few months, the battery will not remain seated and the cover needs to be removed before each use to reseat the battery,	and, the silicon gasket disintegrated.	Supplement: after light use I now have to tap it vigorously to get it to wake up and it often goes blank. It is very accurate when it works, but I just ordered a different brand since I had so many problems with this one.
1,Love the color-  young granddaughter loves the chair- but not a good fit for adults.
1,Arrived broken. So much for advertising as unbreakable!
1,I won't buy any more Black and Decker products.  Every one of their products has been a miserable failure.  I have finally learned my lesson.
1,I assumed this was a "Glass" but was plastic. Great design but for the price should of been real glass
1,I wanted to love this dish.  But it is too big for every day use. I put it away to be used only when we had company. Tried to use it today for the second time and the knife fell twice  while I tried to transfer the butter to the fridge, and it broke  of course.	The design needs to be better, since the knife won't stay in its holder because it's (the knife) too big.
1,Cheap.  Just cloth stitched to look like a pumpkin.		We returned them.
1,Not as bright as the picture.
1,This KitchenAid KHM7210ER 7-Speed Digital Hand Mixer was just not up to the job.  I only use my hand mixer for light stuff like eggs and box cake mixes, but it seemed underpowered.  Otherwise, it was a beautiful quality machine, great slow start and very low noise volume, I just had to step up to 9 speed. Cannot recommend the 7 speed.
1,I used the adhesive that they sent with the order. Hung all 4 the same way.  they looked absolutely beautiful! Then The very first night,one mirror came crashing down. The next morning the 2nd came crashing down,[chipping the 3rd} but the 3rd and 4th stayed on the wall. So there are now 2 out of 4 on my wall
1,Rusted inside within the first year and the rack that came with it did too. I always washed and dried this after each use. I will never by another one especially at this price. I'll stick to the enamel water boilers from now on. They are much cheaper and better quality than this. Very disappointed with this product and I do not recommend.
1,This pepper mill worked fine for a while, but I cook A LOT and it only took about 4 months for the black rubber handle to sheer off - the screw that holds it is very flimsy - do not let it get loose.  It's probably fine for a dinner table and casual use, but I am not happy with it from a cooks perspective - it won't last.
1,Item is very plastic, and simple (On and Off, no possibility of increase/reduce suction) which was expected for the money paid.	However, if it is advertised with cord rewind, then it should work.	It didn't for us since day one...
1,Way overpriced for such a tiny thing,I didn't return it because I needed it for an ottoman and it matched my couch cover
1,Bought this in June.  It's now December and this thing is on it's way to the dump.  It started leaking a few weeks ago and now it's making a loud aggressive buzzing noise.  I bought this so I wouldn't have to deal with a carafe but this is the 2nd time HB has failed me.  No more Hamilton Beach for me!
1,Just didn't like it.
1,I feel compelled to review this given the overall high rating from such a large number of reviewers.  I can only conclude the majority of these reviews are for the sizes other than 1 quart.  For larger sizes, I can easily imagine this is an excellent pot.  For 1 quart, it's a disaster.  It is not well-balanced.  The slightest touch on the handle, and it can tip over.  On a non-flat-top stove, such as a gas stove, if the pot is placed such that the handle edge of it is on a gap, it will tip over.  This isn't a problem if it's filled with water, but if you're making a sauce or something like that, it's no good.  The last thing you want is a very hot, tippy pot!  Steer clear.
1,At first I loved this product, even though it was awkward to use. It sliced though the watermelon nicely and I figured I would get the hang of cutting with it.  Unfortunately I never got the chance because the fourth time I used it, the rivet holding the slicing bar broke and the tool was useless. Great idea, works in theory, but poorly made
1,Sorry, not pleased with this fryer at all. I like fried foods and thought this was a great idea. It does not do nearly what it is reported to do. I haven't found anything that I have tried to cook in this thing to come out like expected, or advertised.
1,Won't stay up on my windows even though I applied as directed. I had to use two sided tape around the edges. I have another window film brand that does stay up just fine.
1,Disappointed in these bowls.  They warm up immediately when using in the microwave.  I was hoping to use them as a double boiler for sauces but I am very hesitant to do so now.  I won't bother returning them, but they are not really suitable for serious cooks.  Best used for mise en place rather than for heavy work.
1,The picture was sent to me damaged. I had to use a black permanent marker to try and cover up the dents and split wood. I wrote one review and was contacted by the manufacture. They told me they couldn't help what was done to the picture during shipping and offered me 8% off a new purchase. I'm grateful that they took my review into consideration but honestly what is 8% off a product? Maybe a dollar or two... They should have taken more pride in their shipping since I paid for it, and to make sure there wouldn't be any damage done to the product...
1,Package was ripped when it arrived and most of the candles had spilled out. And there was wax all over metal part so each one had to be wiped off before using.
1,Bought these months ago and was let down by how cold the drinks become after a short time. I also always had difficulty cleaning the lids. It wasn't until last week that I noticed some chunks come out as I rinsed. I stuck a q-tip in to attempt to clean properly and the results made me sick. I couldn't believe the large chunks that were stuck inside the lid. I soaked in boiling water, cleaned and scrubbed, by hand and with dishwasher and to no avail. I was still pulling out chunks yesterday when I finally threw them both away in my frustration. Spend a few extra dollars for a better mug.
1,Big mistake.. I was expecting to received satin pillow cases, but I understand that is expensive fabric. I decided to give these a try and they were some other material. I returned them. Customer service was good, though.
1,Used this for a wedding shower to make chocolate covered oreos - the cookies would get stuck in the mold and I had to break them apart to get them out.  Keeping it as a regular chocolate mold but thats about it.
1,I really really wanted to like this pillow. I even gave it over a month to try to adjust. I got the king sized. All of the stuffing seems to go to the sides of the pillow, leaving a flat valley where one would usually put his head. I also started experiencing neck pain after a few days. Went back to using my cheap walmart pillow.
1,It's been a while since I bought these - they didn't work as well as I thought & actually forgot to leave a review until I saw this at the bottom. Not worth buying if you have someone who is handicapped!
1,All pictures for the instructions and no mention of sizes for more than 40 different pieces of pipes.  And cheap pieces of cloth for shelves.  Awful!
1,It cools just fine for a small space but compact, it is not even close to compact.  It takes up entirely way too much room for a small space.	I want to get rid of it.
1,Cheap piece of tin clock does not work
1,It's noisy and takes longer than my "manual" opener.  Also, if it's not Exactly perpendicular when you extract the cork from the bottle, it's really difficult to remove the cork from the opener.
1,The clip to secure around armrest broke on first use.  Does not stay in place well.
1,The smell takes days to dissipate,  avs you will need to spend hours separating each individual petal - wear gloves,  because your hands will absorb some of that smell.  In a batch of 1,000 petals,  I recieved 10 pouches of 100 petals each pressed together.  It's tedious,  but you make up the cost reduction with your own labor.
1,The purple looked kind of shiny in the picture but when these arrived they weren't shiny at all.  They were rough.  And the white did not look good on a cream colored leather sofa/  Bought some other covers by this same seller and they worked good, but when I tried to return these it's going to cost me over $8 to ship back (ie, 1/3 of their cost).  Not happy, would not recommend or buy anything from this seller again due to return shipping costs for an item I can't use.
1,My main issue with this is despite hours of taking apart and putting back together, I could not make it have good alignment. In addition, the seat wobbles- it is not stable. I have back and hip issues, and my doctor told me I need to ditch this chair if I don't want my back to get worse. It would have been a great buy had the alignment been better, which is why I'm giving it 2 stars instead of 1. I guess you get what you pay for.
1,Got the cartridge , it was super easy to replace.	When replaced, the main unit still said "replace mineral cartridge ". Looked into Vornado instructions book, it said the cartridge needs to be soaked completely in water for 24 hours prior to usage.	However, the cartridge box/insert does not mention anything of a kind.	Dissembled the cartridge, put in the water. In the meantime the baby's room was without the humidifier for 24 hours.	Assembled again- still says "replace mineral cartridge " and humidifier is not producing any steam.	Ordered another cartridge- waiting now to get it in the mail. Going to soak it before I use it. Baby's room is still on very low humidity level because the dry heat produced by AC and the space heater.	What a waste of time and money.
1,They lie and deceive because mine had mildew in the left corner bottom in a month only!!  I feel really bad about choosing this one.  I just can't believe the poor quality.
1,Disappointed. Confetti was open inside the box; confetti went everywhere!! It spilled out of the box when I opened it and on my floor!! extremely frustrating
1,The items in the photos are NOT what you will receive if you order these!  See the photos of what these actually look like.  I ordered these and was surprised when the products that came were not nearly as long as the photos show and are also much wider.  The photos are very deceiving and the freezer pop sleeves are tiny and made from very thin material that doesn't insulate well at all.  This company is obviously trying to imitate the photos from the Kooleez brand products which are much better quality.
1,Really ugly. The colors make me unhappy and the design is not detailed up close.
1,Did not fit my king size canopy frame. It was about 4 inches too small for top frame. Would have fit a queen perfectly. I damaged it trying to see if it would stretch. Did not come with any hooks/hardware. It would have worked for a smaller application but in my case I'm disapointed. The packaging says fits full to king - maybe one of those small custom kings.  Can't return because I damaged it... :( waste of 21 bucks.
1,The mold is sturdy enough, but can't get the fondant out in one piece so that it actually looks like a lipstick. Maybe I'm doing something wrong but I've tried several times different ways, nothing works. I have now put a slit down one side so I can kinda open it but haven't tried it yet.
1,THis is really rather nice but for the my purpose I wish it had been a little more sturdy. The baskets are very flimsy and already shedding bit of wicker around when you open and close them.  It's easy to assemble and if you are going to give it light use I think you will be fine. I was going to use it for my grandkids to keep their toys in but I don't think it is going to last long if it continues is life as a toy box. I might have to rethink this. Sad really, I was going to get another one.		UPDATE. July 27 2014. Now the chest is around 5 months old and my son still has the children's living room smaller toys in it, such as small plastic animals, super heroes, plastic blocks and such. i.e. nothing heavy duty. Sadly, I don't really see the chest lasting out the year. The wicker is falling out and there are holes in the draws. The construction is not good if you are going to be pulling the draws in and out often. The draws come flat packed and the only thing holding them together is the base piece that drops in the keep it square. Well the one year old thinks it's the best fun to take them apart and fold them flat again.		We, I lowered my rating a star because for me it's not working at all. But,  I can see a light use situation in a grown family where they may survive. However, if you plan on putting them in the kids rooms I don't see them holding up to your average child's wear and tear. It's a shame, it's a good looking storage piece.
1,Bought two of these and both leaked. And, they do not fit in a car's cup holders.
1,After repeated washings, these towels absolutely WILL NOT absorb water.  Very disappointing.
1,Got the chair yesterday.  Fast shipping.  Chair looks good.  Haven't tried the electronics.  My major complaint is the design.  It is too "C" shaped so the lower back gets no support.  I remember "Nintendo" chairs being very comfortable.  Too much emphasis on looks and not function.  Seems to me to be a serious design flaw.
1,I have 8 of these.  I put up four last month.  I tested them, turned them off.  They were not on again until yesterday.  I had to replace all the batteries.  I suppose I'll have to do it again for Christmas.
1,The handle broke off after a few months.  It actually snapped clear off leaving jagged edges that cut my hand.  When it's full, it's a heavy pitcher and the handle is not sturdy enough to take the weight for much time.  I loved it too until the handle broke off.
1,This is a light weight plastic and it is hard to put the lid on I don't like it but it is ok
1,Second time I bought a bathroom rug set on line and I will never do it again.  Cheap.
1,We loved our Vidalia Chop Wizard the first coupke of times we used it. However, yesterday I was cutting and the blades pulled away from the frame.
1,I had a great old Pyrex dish for years that was actually handed down to me by my grandmother. When one of my roommates dropped it on the floor last year it finally gave in and broke. Not shattered. Broke into a few pieces that we were easily able to clean without stepping on shards. Since my last one was so great, I decided to stay loyal to the brand and buy a new one at Target. BIG MISTAKE! Unless you are planning on using this thing as big a finale for 4th of July fireworks, don't buy it! I had only had it for two months before it decided that it wanted to make a not-so-quiet exit and exploded in my oven while I was baking pumpkin for Thanksgiving. Shards of glass and bits of pumpkin were in all corners of my oven, which took hours to clean. It even ruined the aluminum pan that we were using on the rack above it. And no, Pyrex, we were not "misusing the glass", thank you very much. I used it the same way I had used my old one. It's your new formula that caused it.
1,Awkward shape, kinda big and bulky. The top isn't the easiest to use and doesn't seem to be able to control grind as much as with Mr. Coffee model. Would have returned it if I didn't have to pay for return shipping. It works in a pinch.
1,These were a hit or miss, some kept falling off of the wall and some worked. The weight limit was not exceeded so I asume poor quality control on that batch ?
1,Way smaller than I thought they would be and almost too shallow for any dish I can think of.
1,works ok but wobbly.
1,This is the 2nd humidifier of this brand that I have owned. Both barely lasted a year of only seasonal use. The second one about started a fire next to my toddlers bed. I went to shut it off and noticed nothing was coming out of the top. The mist was coming out of the base and sparking. I am so fuming mad but so thankful that this did not catch fire. Strongly advise not buying this.
1,After reading the reviews, I was disappointed when I actually received the dresser. The frame is extremely sturdy but the drawers just ruin the whole dresser. They are made of particle board with a cheap veneer over top. The drawers don't close completely because the face of the drawers are warped. They make the end product just appear and feel cheap.		Most disappointing is the fact that the drawers have little to no safety stop. This is marketed as a piece of nursery furniture which is ironic. It's extremely unsafe for any child that can reach the drawers. They take no effort at all to pull completely out, falling to the ground; and they're not light. I will have to rig up some sort of safety stop. So if you buy this product, expect to have to do the same to ensure your child's safety. I asked myself if maybe i was overreacting until I pulled the drawer out, it didn't stop, and it landed on the top of my foot, It hurt like hell. Imagine that happening to a toddler.
1,I was so excited to find this product, and then when it arrived I found that it didn't fit ANY of my pots and pans!  What is not obvious from the product description is that, in order for this lid to work, your pots and pans must have handles that are not has high as the lip of the pot or pan.  Otherwise, the universal lid cannot sit flat, thereby defeating the purpose of the lid.  Your pot or pan handle must sit at least one inch below the lip of the pot or pan.  My pot handles connect low enough, but the handle is then in a raised curve so that the highest point of the handle actually sits about 2 inches above the lip of the pot.  The universal lid will NOT work if you have a pot like mine.		I was so disappointed because the universal lid is actually nicely constructed and lightweight.
1,The scratches were expected buy the acrylic board warped after cleaning only by hand with soap and water.  Water was very warm but Not hot.  I used it daily for home cooking preparing.  Would prefer the tempered glass which is hard to find.
1,They feel great and the color looks beautiful!  The problem I have is that on of the corners on the fitted sheets has already ripped after three days on my bed.
1,This mug tree wasn't quite big enough for my 3.75" mugs.  It was hard to get one mug off since you had to ease it out from the others.  I wasn't expecting the mug tree to accommodate my big mugs, but I did expect standard sized (3.75") to fit well.
1,I don't know if you am tell from the photo but this product is not straight... at all. It would look really stupid hanging on a wall. Product is not what was represented in description and photo - Looks to be a lazy production flaw. Not happy.
1,Cheaply made and handles ripped within the first week that we had this
1,I am not a big fan of this product.  I do love the idea of it, but the functionality leaves something to be desired.	First of all, one of the four that came in the set was broken.  The mesh "strainer" part had broken off, maybe during shipping or packaging, but it shows me that these probably won't last for very long.	The mesh is a little too knit together so a lot of the holes get clogged.		On the plus side, I have been using these for sifting flour and for powdered spices, and they seem to function well for that purpose. I do hope that they last.  I will update my review with how they last.
1,Horrible! These smell like soap. I burned one to try it out to see if it smelled better while burning, but not such luck. It smelled even worse. I love sandalwood, but this smells nothing like sandalwood.
1,Was missing a piece
1,Wish to have choice of size. Way too big to wear
1,I purchased this fabric bin specifically because it looks bright yellow in the picture.  I couldn't find one in stores so I ordered it.  Unfortunately it's a much paler, mellow yellow, not the bright highlighter yellow I was looking for.
1,Nice candle, but not a Pleasant smell.
1,I received my candle and someone had opened it and left a VERY LARGE FINGERPRINT  in the wax.  There was NO RING INCLUDED as the website stated.  Did LARGE FINGER PRINT PERSON remove it???  The smell was very nice. Did not last long though.  What a joke, keep your money folks
1,Utter nightmare to put together. Screws do not line up with holes. And I have put many pieces of furniture together. This frustrated me beyond belief.
1,Sheets came out of package feeling very soft and luxurious. However, after washing as per instructions on sheets, they now feel rough and not something I wish to sleep on. Also, they are supposed to be wrinkle free and they most definitely are unbelievably wrinkled.  I would not recommend these sheets to anyone.
1,Broken in a day.
1,Packaging is not done well. I had sent it directly to a friend's house as a wedding gift and it arrived with a broken glass piece.	Wouldn't recommend you to be directly gifting it to someone.
1,I thought this would be like a poster board for school projects. It came folded into fourths and knew this would not hold up to toddlers getting their pictures taken. Do not bother
1,Wooden cone. Never has worked as easy as it would seem. Maybe it's my waffle but other things would work as well.
1,They open bottles just fine but are weak for distance. I was lucky to get 5 feet. It's just a novelty gimmick with a weak spring.
1,I got this sharpener as a gift for my daughter. I got a chance to try it out when I was visiting and was disappointed. She says it is just ok, but I find that a sharpening stick works better.	It is difficult to find the right place to put the knife in, as it will not sharpen smoothly otherwise. (I am assuming ) Edges come out ruff. If I have to spend time finding the right spot , it does not do it for me . Or it just is plain no good ?	 I was planning to get one for myself also but I will stick to what I have. Maybe we do not know how to use it.... It should not be that difficult !!
1,It's pretty thin for a "heavy duty" shower liner, so it doesn't stay in place very well. Tends to fold over and stick to itself.
1,I received a two-pack of these as a gift. Regrettably, I found that they really aren't worth your time or money. I tried these in beating eggs, in making french toast batter, in making a smoothie, and, on a whim, in making brownies.		The way this is supposed to work is that you push down on the handle, which causes the blades to rotate. When you release the pressure, a spring inside the handle causes the handle to pop back up again, causing the blades to rotate in the other direction. For things that are very liquid, that mostly works. For anything a bit tougher, e.g., brownie batter, it doesn't. For things like fruit smoothies, I found that it just didn't work well enough to justify using it, as the fruit wasn't properly blended in.		Even for things like eggs, it's pretty finicky, as you have to make sure that you're holding it pretty straight up, as holding it at even a slight angle causes the blades to hit your bowl. And it's virtually impossible to push down while moving the whisk around, so you end up having to mix in one area, then move it to another area and mix, and repeat, which is tedious. Either that, or you have to find just the perfect size of mixing bowl or cup that will allow you to keep the whisk in one place while you mix.		For everything I tried this on, a cheaper hand whisk or even a fork was clearly the winner: easier to use, faster, better mixing, and easier to clean. These are a complete waste of time.
1,took forever to receive (not the two days shipping i expected as a member) frame is super thin and plexiglass is cheap looking
1,I purchased the 8x24 Milwaukee piece and it came on a real thick bulky box-like frame, defintely not what i was expecting at all and what most framed pictures are like, they usually are thin and normal, not like this one. the quality was also subpar but I kept it considering it was only 20 bucks and it would have cost me money to ship it back, so I just hung up it in the bathroom.
1,Smaller than I expected
1,What the F%@#, people?  How does this exist?  Does anyone have a good idea of why there was a demand for this in our modern world?		This is such a bizarre item.  I was initially hoping that it was some kind of revolutionary way to BOIL an egg.  Like an efficient and easy cooking mechanism---similar to how a rice cooker is ideal for making rice.  But it's not.  If you want to add anything in and emulsify your egg, you need need utensils, containers, and access to soap and running water to be able to deal with wet waste.		I was given a promotional sample for the purpose of review, but even with all my powers of logic, I can't fathom why this would be a great idea.  If you know what an Easy-Bake Oven is.....it reminds me of that.  Low-power, low-heat, long cook time, and you can only make one small thing at a time.		So if you have more than one person to cook for, you can expect the whole ordeal to take at least one hour, since you're cooking in series and not in parallel.  And for half that time, Person #2 is going to be staring hungrily at their empty plate, while Person #1 enjoys a lukewarm tube of mush.  FYI: if you put eggs in here, DO NOT assume that they come out like the texture of scrambled eggs, or crispy around the edges like a fried egg.  They come out more like a poached egg in texture, but without the runny yolk, obviously.
1,Dishes were chipped.
1,The bottom of this pan should be flat. I was domed up so all the cooking oil slid off to the sides! Never did get a refund after returning it.
1,It is not what it was described as. It said in the ad that I could brew carafes, mugs and such but the biggest size I can get is 10 oz.  and it won't do a carafe.  I am sorely tempted to send it back.  I am so disappointed.  so is my husband.  I could get a Keruig from Walmart that does all that I want and cheaper.
1,Very loud and noisy, I wouldn't buy one if I where you, I returned the one I had.
1,I'm a homebrewer and I do it so regularly that whatever time I can save is a blessing. When I saw this product on a competitor's site, I ordered it and they came all  broken up, so I decided to see if Amazon took better care of their product. The answer is a resounding no and quite disappointing. Instead of opening up a jar to grab a tablet and throw it in a growler or keg, I have to go fumbling for my spoons and make sure I get the right amount in there? What's the right amount? There isn't one, because it's soap, it will clean and do it's job no matter how little or how much you put in there. I reached out to the manufacturer to see if they could shed light on the situation and trust me when I tell you I was not the first person to tell them there was an issue. They sent me a new one, intact, no broken tablets and I was a happy customer once again.
1,did't last long, motor burned out after a 9 months. Did not use every day, only a few times a week. For the price it should have lasted a few years or more. would NOT buy again
1,This doesn't work.  The teeth do not grip.  It is not possible to exert enough force against the teeth to dig into the lid and to turn the device to open a jar.  I got it for my wife, who has arthritis.  She can't use it.  And guess what?  I have no problems, I'm strong, and I can't get it to work.
1,These apron are thin as I prefer something more substantial.
1,Omg maybe it's my recipe, maybe it's my oven...ain't nobody got time for that!		Two scorching hot days baking in my apartment, two cakes that I had to take down to the compost bin... I'm sure I'll try again but it just did not happen for me.
1,Bought two. They differ by six degrees. That seems like a lot.
1,Yes it was brown. And the size correct.  But by NO means was this a heavy duty curtain.  It is very thin and almost seethrough.
1,Doesn't fit around a standard water spout well. As a result, it slides down the spout and all the bottles fall off. Also, the suction cups to hold it against the shower wall don't work. Really disappointing as I wanted something that wasn't metal and therefore wouldn't rust. :-/
1,Broke within a few months of light use. When making toast, in each slot the outer coils work but the inner ones do not.
1,Poor quality ....Stanley's is better!
1,very cheaply made
1,Very poor quality. Will not stay together for us. Very flimsy & weak
