0,Good
0,First - this is OEM ppd3p filament.  Has the higher melting point that the Up! printers need.  Works great, has low odor and the supports and raft break away easily with this material.
0,<div id="video-block-RWMWTFXCJRVXE" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1rzOav8%2BuS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/21dMy3oVINS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;...with some surprising miscues for a firm as obsessed with design as Dyson.		My household is currently enjoying the 12th year of service of a Dyson Animal (DC07) upright vacuum, so we are familiar with both the performance and premium pricing that comes with the Dyson brand. And while some of its parts are replacements and its motor bearings are offering groans of displeasure that suggest it's in the autumn of its service life, it has served well over a time when its cleaning abilities have been collectively challenged by five different dogs and seven different cats.		So: both previous Dyson use and premium pricing set a high bar for the Dyson 65502401 Cinetic Ball Animal canister vacuum (Cinetic from here forward) to clear. It mostly does so, but with some surprises.		PROS:	-When it comes to a vacuum cleaner's primary function (sucking dirt off the floor), the Cinetic performs wonderfully. While I prefer uprights to other form factors, the Cinetic's large spherical roller (and articulating holder for the the canister) trail easily. Through attachments and hose/wand configurations, it is highly flexible for cleaning floors, upholstery, curtains, auto interiors...what have you.		-Long (22 feet) power cord. Bonus: auto retracts. No more winding dirty cordage by hand.		-No consumables (bags or filters). Over time, these add to the cost of any vacuum that uses them.		CONS:	-Surprisingly limited dustbin capacity. You'll be emptying this often.	-Because there are no consumables, choose where/how you empty carefully, or expect to breath in some of the fine dust you've sucked up.	-Surprisingly big footprint for storage. The extension wand slides into the ball assembly, bit the fore-to-aft footprint of the want and hose assembly will challenge those with limited storage space.	-No provision for attaching the separate "turbine tool" to the canister or wand for storage; you'll need to be an organized housecleaner, or this may become orphaned.		None of these are showstoppers, but collectively they are things anybody about to spend this much on a vacuum cleaner should know about.  It cleans excellently; you'll have to decide for yourself if these shortcomings are acceptable at the premium prices that come with the Dyson label.
0,When you start building the Atmega 328 (or similar) standalone circuits you will need a bunch of these.	So far they all oscillate like they are supposed to.	The price makes them very appealing.
0,Good little magnets. Found many uses for them.
0,dries faster than gorilla super glue
0,Runs smooth, no issues. Used in 2 m3d units and a custom build without any jamming or tangling whatsoever.
0,Decent price, straight. No markings to indicate COO, by the finish quality it is probably foreign. Machined well
0,Great deal.
0,good deal
0,I haven't got to test all these yet, but their build quality seems to be good. No missing set screws, no shavings hanging on. The holes appear to be the correct size, doesn't seem to have any form of coating on them. I bought these as spares for if my other heater blocks broke on me.
0,This is the ideal product for those who want a perminant fix for lubrication problems.  The dispenser makes it easy to reach even the smallest crevas.
0,nicen  washes
0,good product works for me.
0,These work great for projects and for designing sh_t just because you want and can, good buy.
0,Great for holding e juice. Also perfect for storing nicotine mixture in the freezer. They do not leak and are of high quality
0,great printer and great customer support from tang. i had a few problems and had to return it but purchased another one
0,Excellent product. High quality of both the product and the packaging. Beatiful color.
0,Excellent idea to hold those tool hangers in the peg board.
0,Use in our First Aid kits.  Wife an is an RN
0,After a few midifications and tweaks my HICTOP aluminum frame Prusa i3 is working great.  I just printed an iPhone charging shelf that came out amazingly smooth and right on the measurements to a tenth of a mm.  The T-Rex skull from Thingiverse is printing now and looks incredible.		All RepRap printers have quirks that need to be ironed out.  If yours is having problems keep Googling and read, read, read.  The solutions are out there.  If you are looking for more of an 'appliance' that works perfectly straight out of the box, then Amazon has other printers that are more suitable.  If you are after a great starter kit at an excellent price this one is recommended.
0,great so far
0,Prints come out perfect on my Flashforge Creator Dual everytime.  Ive printed several items so far and as long as your slicer is tuned for the material you should have no problems. S3D FTW!		My printer uses a glass build plate with 1 side having a bonded PEI sheet and the opposite side regular glass.  The glass side plus a little aquanet mega hold hairspray is all you should need.  Apparently PETG and PEI don't do well together so you may ruin the PEI of you try it.		My slicer settings work well for my printer but is a decent starting point for tuning your new filament.		S3D SETTINGS: retraction on, coast at end on.  Retraction speed 20mm/s, coast distance .20mm.  Multiplier .99,  Skirt on 1-2 outlines.  Platform Temp 60C, Extruder Temp 245C.  Cooling fan turns on 100% on layer 3.  Ooze control:force retract between layers and open spaces on.		Speed: 50mm/s		If anyone has an questions ill be happy to assist if i can.
0,Extremely impressed with how heavy duty this little switch feels.  Using it for a very low voltage application, but it has a very strong latching mechanism and a very solid and satisfying click when toggled.
0,Look to be good quality. No problems.
0,Hatchbox is the only manufacturer with consistently high quality filament that works right consistantly. Is significantly cheaper than other brands. I will only buy Hatchbox unless they don't have the color I need.
0,Works great, be sure you hook it up with filter first inline, (read directions ) will save you an embarrassing phone call.....
0,Finally someone came up with a solution for the problem of drying tip of super glue bottles. I had two of these and was able to use the last drip ! No waste of glue , no waste of time trying to unclog the tip! Simply genius !
0,I use these bottles quite often as they are pretty and functional for my beauty supplies
0,I love Kreg screws.
0,This is an .  Nothing is as frustrating as a poorly wound filament that binds and kinks and causes printer failures.
0,Very good item,Fast Ship,
0,Work just fine
0,Very sturdy, solid build. It would a good idea to make the rod log enough for 2 filament rolls.
0,I used this cable to convert from the RP-SMA connector on my amplifier for my BROABAND HAMNET to the	N connector on the antenna cable.  It works good and makes a smooth interconnect to a larger N connector	cable without straining the more delicate RP-SMA connection on the amplifier.
0,I had issues with tech support at first, but then they kicked it into high-gear.		Got a replacement part for that one.  Ordered another.  Happy with both.  Must have printed out 50 kilograms by now.		Can't give 5 just because of the initial support meltdown.
0,Worked as described.
0,I have not used it long enough to offer an opinion on durability, but it does what it was designed to do very well.
0,The printer arrived quickly and packaged well.  When opening the package I found that the black acrylic had plastic adhesive on it rather than the usual plastic cling.  I spent over and hour and cut my hand a few times trying to get it all off.  The package had everything, except I seemed to be missing the knob for the rotary encoder, but that could've been user error because there were so many parts and not enough room.		The assembly went well if you follow the videos with the booklet.  There is no sound, but comparing the two is much more helpful!  I found a slider bearing without complete threads so I had to get longer screws from the hardware store.		I thought it was pretty easy to level the bed after the 7 hours of assembly and the prints are great!		I'm a few weeks in and have issues with Thermal Runaway, but we'll cross that bridge soon enough to figure it out.
0,These scissors looked pretty nice in the product image on Amazon but when they arrived, I was surprised to discover how flimsy they actually are. They are so lightweight and really don't look like they'll hold up to the test of time but we'll see. I only needed a pair for my trauma bag and I think these will be acceptable for that purpose.
0,Prints very well.
0,I just had foot surgery and have to change my bandages often.  It is SO scary to use "regular" scissors, because of the sensitivity of the skin and surgical area.  These fixed the problem.  The flat guide is a little cumbersome if the bandages are tight, but the fact that it keeps the scissors from scratching you is worth the minor discomfort.	The scissors are really precise, and didn't stick to the wrap or the gauze.	They look nice and work awesome!  Take it from me, I'm a big baby...  :)
0,works great no more leak down thru compressor after shut down, holds 110 lbs for over 3 days & going	Recommend this check valve purchse
0,Looks cool, tests fine, but I haven't installed it and really put it to use yet.  But, since it seems to meet all my functional criteria, what more can I say?
0,Great tubes!!
0,Good
0,terrific product leaves my tooth polished and whiter. must use with teeth paste and avoid getting the product wet. over all its very nice and it certainly works
0,This stuff is awesome, will stick to any metal.  I used it to seal up my AC vents which had some holes in them.  The roll lasts for ever  and the tape itself is really sticky and good quality
0,Great bags, they shrink a little after the first wash but are very durable and breathable.
0,Works flawlessly.
0,Great
0,Works perfect for our rugs on top of carpet. No more issues with the rugs sliding all over the place. It has been a week and they are exactly where we placed them. Highly recommend if you are going to use it for the same application. Speedy delivery and no issues.
0,This alcohol is amazing.  Just a couple of shots and I'm wasted.  Great value.  Lasts forever because of this.
0,Been using this for about a month now. Works flawlessly... very accurate readings. The loops detaches from the base which allows snaking around a wife and reconnecting. With a little practice, it can easily be done with one had very convenient. Highly recommended gadget for anyone working with power lines.
0,Nice inexpensive hing. Light duty.
0,I remember my 7th grade teacher using these flasks in a couple of experiment for my science class.  I needed a couple of flask and I picked these up not knowing what the other venders had to offer and not knowing what their quality. (I guess you stick with what you know).  when they showed up I was surprised to see that they were not less than what I remembered. Very sturdy.
0,It's focusable!
0,nice NTE shrink tube in box
0,All the plastic barrels these days are getting paper thin and worthless it seems. Well not these! Brute hasn't cheeped out on materials and is still making a quality barrel. They are more expensive but 100% worth it! I have bought a bunch of these in a variety of colors for my landscaping business and abuse them pretty hard sometimes. Try filling the other barrels with mulch and carrying them around, you'll rip the handles right off..		I like them so much I'm going to copy my review to each color I bought!
0,This Tube is easy to use and Clean. If came in a padded box and was Undamaged.	Works well with my Hydrometer!	A good must-have and a good price.	Nice easy screw on/off base is very stable. Does not take a lot of test product to fill it either which is very nice!	Nice product, nice price, nice delivery!
0,Quite an amazing little tool.		Self-Checks battery voltage on start-up.  Probably last years on a lithium 9v.		I've used to check capacitors, resistors, and transistors so far, and aside from a slight amount of 'boot up' lag, it's very coo.  The back-lighting is bright green/yellow and the screen is highly legible.  I'll be buying a couple more of these!
0,Exactly what I expected. Nylon spacers. Dimensions are accurate, which was very important to me.
0,Works well so far
0,It's a brass rod with stated dimensions. What more can I say.
0,Excellent vise jaw inserts
0,Ordered the 1" x 12" x 24" sheet.  Far from perfect cuts, but ok for the price.  Locally, these are way, way more expensive.  Therefore, Im ok with it being short by 1/4" in length and width.  Also, one edge is not even cut straight.  No worries.  At this price, its still a great deal.  Seriously, if you planned on using every single square inch of the sheet and then being shorted 1/4" inch ruined your project, then really its your fault.  Im just saying, you always have to account for your mis-cuts, loss from blade kerf, etc.  You should always allow yourself a minimum of 10% loss when estimating the material needed.  If you are doing something very intricate with difficult and complex cutting/working, then at least 25% extra should be ordered.  If you needed 12" x 24" for your design, then you should be getting larger and cutting to size.  Realize, this is a raw material.  You will have to make it into a finished product and that will involve loss of material.		Having said that, this is a great material to work with.  It cuts very easy and fairly clean.  The material does not melt when using a power saw.  Holes drill very clean.  If you will be screwing into this, make sure to pre-drill with the right sized drill bit.
0,Great oscilloscope! So far I've used it to test the MAF, IAC, and CPS sensors on a Ford Explorer.  Trigger works great and is easy to use.  You can set the trigger in a menu or by sliding a cursor on screen to the desired voltage. You can also freeze and the save data displays.  Has a wide variety of features.  Attached is a photo of the MAF sensor output at lo rpm.	Update:  Someone asked about the Math function.  Initially it didn't appear to work.  I used a sine wave and the internal square wave and added Ch1 and Ch2.  I found that you had to fake out the V/div scaling and use 10nv/div for 10V/div for the math to work out right.  Below is an image of the signals that I added.
0,Fits and works as expected
0,Got this for a event at my church. These tapes were mainly used to stick names on the back of t-shirts. The glue also did not leave any residue when we removed them after the event. We ordered different colors to indicate different teams. Not only did they stick well, they were easy to cut to size just using our hands, the sharpie wrote on it fine without smearing. Would recommend this for any use.
0,Works great in a closet tent
0,Works well , accurate readings with comparison to other unit ! Magnet on back is very handy for mounting unit on metal cellar post  ! Good price .
0,Plastic design seems like it can contour exit slot so it tends less to tear towels when full or dispense clumps of towels when closer to empty like square edged, flat sided stainless steel designs.
0,Great price, quick shipping.
0,Work as expected and have not found any rejects to date. Red is the brightest with Green a close second while blue is the dimmest. Easy to compensate for by increasing the resistance on the Red, then the Green. Make sure to not exceed the recommended Current to any single LED.
0,This may be a bit bright for eyes, but it works well.
0,Solutech Rocks. I have had nothing but trouble with several other suppliers (QUANTUM is AWFUL! I don't know why but it jambs nozzles and I get an air print) but every color I have from 3D Solutech works perfectly. I have Dark blue, light blue, purple silver, gold and they all just work. The colors are bright and they are consistent from roll to roll. This is the ONLY brand I have managed to empty a roll. The other brands are so problematic I am going to replace them with Solutech and not even bother trying to use them up. I printed for about 40 hours with Solutech without a problem then I loaded Quantum yellow and I jammed two nozzles. The first one could have been just luck but I did not even complete one five hour print before the second brand new nozzle plugged. Did I mention Solutech rocks?
0,perfect
0,Works very well.
0,Good stuff. Prints well.
0,As I said elsewhere, I am not a fan of ABS, but Hatchbox makes a quality filament never-the-less.
0,Does the job! Good price!
0,Installed.
0,Fantastic quality where it counts the most!!! Good pricing!
0,good
0,good screw's no problem's
0,Strong and clear.
0,Good price
0,recommended
0,Great product at a great price
0,any modeler would love this stuff
0,Seals as advertised and smallish tube does not cure up and waste the unused portions BUT	when employed to seal cracks, holes and even threads on antenna bolts, get tacky pretty quick as if it can't wait to do its job (so no fears about weather causing a re-do!)		Have also ordered some competitors so will be back to revise this or add praise ....		Rated #2 of the top 3 tested
0,Works great in my humidor
0,This is a nice-sized garbage can for a garage or basement workroom.  Big enough that you can put real trash in it and don't have to empty it too often, but small enough to fit under a counter or workbench.  The plastic is tough and thick enough that I expect it to last.
0,I glued rubber to steel and the two are one and think they will be like that for a long time.
0,Exceptionally great product. (and service, btw) I researched long and hard before taking the plunge and getting a 3D printer. I would (and do) recommend this to anyone. It's very consistent. The frame is solid as a tank. I'm glad I read a lot before getting one because I hadn't even heard of the M2 before I started researching and this is definitely the one you want.
0,Awesome price, work great for my needs when wiring lights and such on my truck.
0,Works good seems pretty accurate
0,These are first class electrical tapes.  I've been buying no-name brand tape and they just don't compare to 3M in terms of elasticity, strong post wrap bonding and being able to know its electrical and physical specifications as supplied by 3M's website datasheets.		Pros	Tight adhesion	Elastic	Vibrant colors	Shipping carton can serve as a dispenser	Tape conforms to UL 510	Defined electrical and physical specifications in its data sheet	Made in USA	Perfect for Home and light duty repair due to cost per foot		Cons	Short length	Relatively costly: if you are a pro, you'd likely buy bulk or longer rolls	1/2" width, most commercial tape is 3/4" width		This pack is general purpose #35 tape mostly for indoor use or color coding; 3M makes much tougher any-material adherent tape.  For commercial use #33+ is preferred, color only in black, then use #35 if needed for color coding.
0,All you need is a pinch. Works well with glass shelves. Clear and invisible so you won't see it even if you look from the bottom. For what its intended purpose, it is 5 stars. Other than that, it is limited in uses.		You cannot use it to stick posters or practically anything on the wall as it drips. It is not as sticky as other products like "Quakehold", poster putties, etc. It will also not work on wooden surfaces. Anything that has pores and grains will not work.
0,I looked and looked for a table to give me extra counter space in my small kitchen. I am glad I decided on this one because it is stainless steel for cleanliness and very sturdy with a shelf underneath for storing things. I can place my cutting board on it for cutting up veggies.
0,Reading some of the reviews here I was a bit worried about getting this.  It isn't that I am not technical enough but I seem to have tons of bad luck with 2D printers let alone 3D printers.  Luckily I've not had problems so far.		Anyway I've had it for a couple of weeks and have been printing almost everyday.  It was really easy to set up level the platform.  It isn't hard at all just follow the instructions.		In less than half an hour of opening it I had my first print off of the SD card.  It worked well but I didn't realize how HARD it can be to get things off the platform.  Oftentimes a print will be places on a 'raft' of PLA so that it is easier to remove.  The prints on the SD card were not.		I've used the giant painter's tape that came with it but i found the PLA won't adhere to it very well, especially a wide print which seems to shrink when it cools and pops up off the tape.		Besides those small "amateur" mistakes the printer has been working quite well. I would recommend getting the Make book on 3D printing and the other Make book that particularly discusses the Replicator 2.  They have lots of good information on software to use and printing techniques.		Overall I've been very pleased with it so far.
0,The best glue for grips, I've used it on PWC, dirtbikes, and quads. Make sure the bars are clean and realize you have 10 seconds to get the grip on and positioned.
0,As somebody whose handyman skills range from are limited (on my best days) to completely suspect (on most days): tape, --and especially abundant quantities of duct tape (or "duck tape" depending on where you first learned to use it)-- is a *major* part of a tool kit.		While I once actually used duct tape on air conditioning duct in my house (how that came to be is a long story) this category of tape mostly gets used as a multi-purpose-temporary-to-permanent-fix-it measure for many kinds of repairs and holding jobs.		Consider Gorilla Tape duct tape (or "duck" tape if you prefer) on steroids...or at least on a hardcore workout regime. In my opinion it holds tighter and lasts longer than other similar heavy duty tapes in most situations.		Among the the things I've used this for in recent months:	-reinforcing the hinge and lip areas of a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/wheeled-storage-trunk/dp/B000I5K1F6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">wheeled storage trunk</a>&nbsp;(which the manufacturer's website ironically calls a "gorilla on wheels...go figure) prior to shipping it to a southern Asia military base. The tape held up for the trip over, stayed in place while being stored there, and then got re-used when the trunk was repacked for return to the states. 7 months later of garage storage later, it's still sticking strongly.		-When a battery retaining clip on my netbook computer snapped (trust me: *no* replacements for this are available), it was Gorilla Tape to the rescue to hold in the aftermarket&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/9-cell-battery/dp/B001O96I52/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">9-cell battery</a>&nbsp;that probably overstressed the retainer in the first place. Gorilla Tape now overlaps the battery-netbook seam...and it's not going anyplace.		-When my desktop telephone decided it needed to perpetually flash its "message waiting" LED (even when there were no more messages): a discretely placed piece of Gorilla Tape permanently and opaquely covered the annoying light.		-When the plastic clips securing the rear panels  of *both* front seats failed in our 1998 Nissan Maxima (exposing the interior springs and other parts of the seats), Gorilla tape successfully re-secured them. While it's hardly fine auto upholstery, we prefer the look of this repair to viewing the springs and other innards of the seats.		Other reviewers have noted problems with this tape removing paint and other finishes from the surface it was stuck to. In my opinion, you have a choice here: protect the finish or hold something in place. If you want to protect the finish, use masking tape. By the time you escalate to this kind of tape, you've decided "holding" is more important than preserving the finish, and you can proceed accordingly.		Buy with confidence and give it your toughest taping jobs.
0,thank you
0,Thanks nice job
0,Very good
0,a LITTLE PRICY BUT MAN THIS STUFF IS awesome ! like trying to move concrete when it sets up
0,Did some major upgrading to my PC.  Changed mother board and added an aftermarket CPU cooler as well.  Used this stuff after moving my AMD 6 core processor to my new ASUS motherboard and before installing the aftermarket CPU cooler.  Everything is staying nice and cool.  Probably still would have had I used the thermal paste that came pre-installed on the aftermarket CPU cooler but whatever.  The fact is that this stuff is doing the job.  I'm happy.
0,Got an old computer that tells you it's overheating? Try re-applying the thermal compound. I expected temperatures to go down, but as you can see in the graph, they went down dramatically and remain consistent after re-applying with this thermal paste. Well worth the time and effort.
0,Nice reflective tape for what I needed.
0,good for all small radio/ audio wire installation I will buy more and the future kit good quality and price
0,MakerGear M2, V3b .35mm extruder at 215C, bed temp 74C, with hairspray. This stuff bridges nicely, makes good strong parts, and just works well in general. Simplify3D tries to add supports where I actually don't need them with this PLA.		The white is... white. And the red, I like the color of the red, it's very bright, plenty opaque at 'medium' print quality settings, not at all orange-ish to my eyes. I've printed several 4-8 hour, intricate prints with these, and have been happy all around. Haven't tried any of the other colors yet.		Comes on fat cardboard spools: I had to print a longer spool holder for my M2. (plenty of options on thingiverse)
0,Neat little tool for buggered threads; works as it supposed to once you figure it out.
0,Great selection and good quality! I'm set for a long time and love that I can use the colors to match the wires in most cases.
0,Works great
0,It works as expected
0,Handy do not need it often but nice to have
0,Fits the Brute good.
0,Outstanding
0,Something I bought to have in case I ever come upon a scene and the medics aren't yet there. Good to have and never need, then need and not have.
0,a liitle light but overall very good
0,they are great. go through a steel conduit pipe like cold butter. Not just a gold coating. This is the real deal. IMHO
0,There are a lot of pros here. This is a really cool design. A lot like a hot glue gun but in pen form. You insert the colored sticks, they heat up, melt and can be shaped. It's like "drawing" in that you can move the pen tip and "write" on any surface. And, yes, you can bend corners and leave the object to create height and shape. Though for the $100 price tag at this time, I can see no practical use for it. It does heat quickly and charge quickly. But my 3 girls are very artistic in nature and they were counting the moments until this arrived. I even got extra housework and homework from them to "earn" the right to try it out when it did get here. The "ink" dries quickly, but also have a few seconds gap for correcting mistakes before it hardens. And it dries HARD not flexible as I had anticipated. The little shape discs are a great inclusion. My kids were able to get it out, read the instructions, warm it up and start creating in just a few minutes. As a shared gift, I think the cost is justified for 3 kids to share. To buy for one kid, then supply refills for the "ink" I'm not so sure. Kids lose interest in most things quickly. I guess time will tell.
0,These cutting razors are an excellent value pack. 100 for under five, delivered - amazing. They arrive sharp enough for the job I usually have for these, which is simply cutting boxes and opening boxes. Also, I use them as bakers bread lame to shape and design bread tops. And occasionally, I use these to scrape away price tags and other sticky stuff left on items. They come in a plain box with no words anywhere and inside is also plain as you can see in my photos attached. Thanks.
0,I have tested these, and they work well.  I have not used them yet in a project, but expect them to work just fine.
0,works great
0,Amazing filament, softer than PLA (flexible) but it'll stress instead of cracking and breaking. Does DECENT without a heated bed, but heated bed WITH blue tape preferred. I'm moving from PLA to this in future prints.
0,This is the "go to" glue at our house.  Some examples from around the house:	Glue decorations onto earring studs.  Repair jewelry.	Fix tennis shoe soles. (shoes have been washed since, and still fine)	Fix cracked handle on mug (and it has been through the dishwasher at least 50 times since then).	Glue clip to an mp3 player that had fallen off.	Fix all sorts of toys.	Glue a tile back onto the concrete floor.		Few of things to be aware of:		It takes 48-72 hours to be completely dry.	Follow the directions for non porous materials(thin amount on each surface, wait 2 min and press together)	You really want the version with the pointy top, it is much easier to control and to get the lid back on.	You can actually use most of this up (unlike superglue, which always seems to dry up in the tube).	It is NOT recommended for Styrofoam (it eats it).	Is listed as good for Glass, wood, Plastic, Tile, Metal, Cramic, Cement, Rubber, Vinyl, Leather and Fabric.	NOT for kids, the vapor is harmful and you really do not want this all over the place.
0,Work great for what I'm using them for
0,Memory wire is made with hardened steel which holds it's shape very well and is very springy. It will destroy normal wire cutters fairly quickly by damaging them every time you cut memory wire with it.	These are very strong and made with tempered steel which won't dull as you cut memory wire, and I've used them successfully on wire gauges up to size 8 copper wire without any apparent damage to the cutters. With memory wire or small gauge wires it makes a fairly clean cut. Sterling and softer metals might need some filing, but they do with any cutter. Thicker gauges will need filing.	I love how easy these are to use, and the cost will save you replacing your normal wire cutters if you work with memory wire a lot.
0,Works to reduce noise.  The six inch version connects well to other components.  I love Vivosun products and had great customer support.
0,ok
0,Nice breadboard for the price. No dead spots found. Makes good contact with a variety of gauges. Very happy with this purchase.
0,This is some awesome tape! It makes duct tape seem like masking tape. I warn you it is HARD to pull off the roll. The adhesive is that strong. The tape is also thicker than duct tape. I really like this stuff for difficult tape jobs. I will keep this stuff around for all the little jobs where I am not sure anything else will hold. Really surprised at how strong it is.
0,not used yet but looks like a good selection for the price
0,works perfectly. the sticks that you use to work the jack are not the same quality as the jack itself.	they do not fit the release control, or stay assembled into a double stick.
0,excellent product		i use this with a samsung s6 phone. it takes a little practice to get the focus right but this camera works very well. This was purchased for use with out VFD for search and rescue and hot spot detection. while not as good as a dedicated flir or bullard thermal unit this unit is certainly perfectly functional for our needs in detecting hot spots or spotting heat signatures outdoors.		i bought the XR version as i wanted to use te camera outdoors for game spotting as well. I am easily able to spot dogs in a filed or treeline at 300 yards. i have no doubt it would work much further. beyond about 200 yards i can't identify "what" is moving but i can most certainly "see" it.		indoors at room distances this camera is still very functional. While it does have a narrow FOV due to the magnification it still works very well at identifying hot spots. i have used it effectively at distance around 6-8' from the target. closer than that it still works fine you just have to spend more time searching with the camera movement.		the only negative i have found is the XR seems to be a bit more sensitive to ambient temps than the standard camera. i put this next to a friends standard unit. during the day with ambient air temps in the 90's his camera did have a slightly better detectable image of a man sized target at 50 yards. i suspect this is again due to the extra magnification on the XR's lens focusing the heat. it wasn't enough to hide a target from view but it was a perceptible difference.		after using this camera for a bit i am very happy with it. i don;t think you can go wrong with either model. if your main use is indoors or working inside 1-200 yards the standard camera is great as well.		excellent product
0,Absolutely indispensable for shower and bathroom applications.
0,Ok this thing is great!		I have a digital caliper as well but i find myself defaulting to this one as it is well made and i feel more accurate. It is rare that i have to zero or calibrate this device.
0,A very good product! Fit for purpose.
0,it does what it design for
0,Man, is this some slippery stuff!!!  I compared it to Valvoline synthetic grease, and this may be slicker.  The other nice things about it are, there is no nasty smell, and it doesn't stain your hands or clothing.  It's a white/clear kind of stuff, and nicer to work with.
0,As described
0,2 oz. (59mL) Original Gorilla Glue #50002, by Gorilla.	The Gorilla Glue Company makes many different glues, in different colors and container sizes.  The one I am reviewing is the 2 oz. size of the original brown colored Gorilla Glue.  This glue will dry out in the bottle, so I do not recommend buying larger bottle sizes, unless the glue will be used in the near future.  For most of us, we use a little glue, and put the bottle away until needed the next time.  This glue is interesting, in that you wet the surfaces, add a thin layer of glue, and clamp the surfaces together for 1-2 hours.  In the meantime, the glue will expand and turn into a hard foam.  After application, any exposed expanded glue may be peeled away or squashed back down a bit while it is drying, so that the repair is not so noticeable. This stuff will eventually dry as hard as a rock.  Overall, I would give this glue an Amazon rating of four and a half stars, rounded off to five stars, as Amazon requires ratings to be in whole numbers.		Note:  This glue will not stick to plastics very well, so for that, I use the old style Testors Cement For Plastic Models, No. 3512, 7/8 fl. oz. (25.8mL) (UPC Code: 0 75611 35120 9), and yes, it may be hard to find, as kids used to get high (and sick) from sniffing the fumes from it in a paper bag.  Most model cements nowadays are safer to use, but do not stick as well.  The old stuff would literally melt the plastic pieces being glued together.  At this point, I am beyond putting together plastic models, but I find that the Testors glue is one of the best for plastics, and today, just about everything is made from one type of plastic or another.		Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.		 2013 The Gorilla Glue Co., 4550 Red Bank Expy, Cincinnati, OH  45227; phone: 1.800.966.3458; web: gorillatough.com; Made in USA; single container UPC Code: 0 52427 50002 1.
0,Used it for a while. Dremel is the best tool I have.
0,Great for what I needed it
0,This glue is a lifesaver. It has so many uses and is really a good item to have on hand.
0,as trash cans go this is a superb product love it love it love it. you feel like you spent your money wisely
0,Very good. I use it to check temperature in various locations on car engines and it works very well.
0,School color for grandson.  I'm sure I'll find a use.
0,First time using JB Kwik and so far so good. I used it to repair a broken metal chair and it did the job, I don't even know what kind of metal it is, aluminum I am assuming.
0,Just as listed and worked great.
0,I use this to measure my haas CNc machine coolant percentage. It's works perfect. And for the money it's just as good as the high dollar ones for sale here.
0,This is hose.  It lets water flow through it.  Being fresh water hose, hopefully it won't leach chemicals like a normal garden hose.  I use this for brewing, so that's kind of a big deal.
0,as ad read, works great, looks like they last longer than any other brand I have used in the past
0,These are perfect straps for tying down cargo. I use two of them for each of my kayaks, which I transport in car roof racks and "J bars." They do not have hooks or ratchets, just a simple locking buckle that holds securely, and releases only when you want it to.	This is the only type of tie-down I use, and this one is of very high quality. (I trust it to hold an $1,800 fishing kayak atop a car, traveling at 70 mph.)
0,Good quality
0,these are great!
0,THIS WAS A GIFT FOR MY GIRL FRIEND AND SHE LOVE,S IT.
0,all ok
0,You should buy these just to listen to them sing! I bought them to cut shims, but man, you will be blown away by the sounds the sheets make. You can wiggle from the thinnest to the thickest, they all make wonderful trippy sounds - HIGHLY recommended.
0,THE TUBING WAS ALL THE AD SAID IT WAS
0,This is a great bargin, the cheapest I have found too.  They come in 10 pack of 100 and are 2 mil thick.  If you need a really thick pouch go with the 4 mil.  The 2 mils are more pliable and can be bent and twisted unlike the 4 mils.  They are thinner but not too thin for my needs as I am putting together 1st aid kits.  The only place I have found these for cheap was Walmart in the beads section.  100 pack is $1.00.  So if you only need a few I'd hit Walmart.  These are great and I'm sure I'll end up using all 1,000.		They are also great for the shop, beading, and thousands of uses.		I highly recommend at this price.		Vidimo Me!
0,Great product...highly recommend
0,Superb.
0,Attaches easily to 3rd hand, but a bit of a pain to fine tune and adjust.
0,work great
0,Works as Advertised!
0,Should have bought a larger supply. Good stuff
0,work great as always.
0,So far, it does exactly what it was meant to. Seems to read close to actual temperature. I don't know about the actual calibration, but it's close enough for what I need.
0,The correct size arrived and it was a steel rod. Not much else to review.
0,Great filament.
0,Works well.
0,Excellent
0,Good product
0,When sharpening turning chisles it's important to have a flat, smooth grinding surface. This leveled out the surfaces on my stone right quick.  I've used it several times now and it doesn't appear to be any worse for the wear. ;)  I would order again when I wear this one down, if I do.  Much less expensive than local stores.
0,Seller could not give specifications for these probes, but for the price they should do fine and can be calibrated in the system.
0,Excellent with good quality , works good
0,This was a darn good purchase. I got it through Amazon's warehouse deals. Try obtaining a vise like this quality for the price you can obtain via Amazon. Solid construction.
0,Worked good, held tight, and arrived pretty quick. I'm UNHINGED over these little marvels!!
0,Tho I have seen about a hundred variations of this thing and wished the back of it was protected from shorting out (easily fixed with some plastic)... This thing has done an amazingly decent job pretty accurately figuring out what im testing and giving me quite a bit of info with a little graphic of the item being tested.  I Have used it a ton to test and replace micro sized MOSFET transistors which there is no chance in seeing part numbers for. If they get out of their packaging you better have one of these to know what they are.		It is a bit annoying having to hold surface mount components or better yet, solder them to the pad on the tester but I don't know any other way anyone could test such small components. It is great no matter how you connect the component, the device will automatically tell you what leg is what without damaging the component.  Menus are a bit complicated to get into and change but it does have quite a few features inc high value capacitor testing and ESR value.
0,Muy buen Producto
0,I use quite a bit of these types of wire nuts with my hobbies.  These small sizes are hard to find at your local hardware stores. Good quality item.
0,Very quike response great to work with and would do it all over again
0,I use this to lube the track for my retractable screen door.  This is a little thin for use on a bike.	I recommend the wax based lube for chains, cables and pivots.	I recommend using proper grease for any bearings.
0,Works great for bicycle frames as an added protection layer from rock chips; I used this size for the more narrower tubes and areas.
0,This is a nice product.  It is on pretty soft and flexible, but secures well enough.  It is not a heavier-duty thicker more inflexible product, which you may or may not prefer depending on your purpose.  Velcro-brand is somewhat more rigid and less soft than this.
0,Must have to store tester
0,No where near as difficult to print as Polycarbonate and a little easier than ABS, it still requires a warm enclosure. Very squishy to just rubbery is controlled by the infill percentage. I use it for bumpers on CNC machines and shock absorbers and motor mounts on our main product, UAVs.
0,Very Good Product...
0,The Wypall X90 Extended Use Wipers are great but it turns out not so much for my intended use.	Not the wipes fault, they're great for grease and other things but not that useful in the darkroom so I've given them away to family and friends who love them.
0,Great to block off areas, we use it for scouting pack meetings to block or label areas off.
0,I use this to glue frags in my aquarium. Some frags do not hold that well and I am not sure it its some of the marine life or what. Regardless I still use it since it is one of the best glues without mixing, etc
0,Sturdy, and all-Stainless steel.  The worm screw is smooth, which doesn't seem like a big deal, but if you ever used a cheapo clamp, where the screw is rough, it chews up the slots in the band, and is nigh on impossible to really get tight.  These, so far have not had that problem.  Made in USA stamped on them, to boot.
0,Makes removing stuck 3D prints a breeze. Love the design and the quality
0,great product
0,This product simply out-performs plain old duct tape hands down. The fabric and, the adhesive seems much stronger than ordinary duct tape. I did notice that it doesn't particularly 'stick' well in ice cold conditions, but for warmer temps it out shines in every way,.	I'll always keep a roll of Gorilla Tape on hand for those "outdoor emergencies". I used some Gorilla Tape on my plastic garbage can lids last spring, figuring I'd have to replace it within a couple of weeks due to the wet weather. Here it is the end of November with very cold (10F) temps, and it still holds strong, keeping out rainwater and containing the aroma (we have wild bears running about, and they have left it alone, knock on wood).
0,These are thick quality respirators (not flimsy at all). It keeps its dome shape and creates a nice seal around my mouth, chin and nose. It is extremely comfortable to wear and it is useful. My breathing is not labored while working hard- although it may get warm the material is breathable.		The elastic bands are strong and stretches comfortably without worries of it snapping off of the mask or catching in my hair.  There is a foam comfort strip for the nose bridge on the inside of mask, with metal bendable nose clamp on the outside. This respirator will not easily get bumped off/knocked off your face. It is secure but comfortable.	No chemical smell from the filter material.	It works great to filter out drywall particles, dust and mold. I was working with drywall demolition and when I was done I could see the drywall particles on the outside of the blue filter on the respirator. My breathing was free and clear, no coughs later in the day, neither sneezing nor congestion.		Besides construction/demolition and yard work, these respirators are great for the indications mentioned on the box. A great value for peace of mind for health- just in case... because, well, you never know these days.		The box is a flimsy cardboard box but all the masks arrived in great condition-  the respirator box itself was banged/squashed open, but it was easy to fix and return to good box condition. It did not effect the respirators. The outside shipping box was fine and it arrived within 2 days.		I think these are a great size for my oval shaped face. It is not too large and not too small for me, with some room to spare in comfort while keeping all edges pressed on my face.
0,more than i excepted an at a good $$$$$$$$$.
0,This cutting fluid really saves your drill bits and taps from wearing out as quickly. Well worth the money.
0,Great
0,i love it.  super strong and stretchy.
0,I've used this flux a number of times on various soldering projects utilizing different types of solder. So far it has worked as expected regardless of the job. Of course, I'm very religious about cleaning the surfaces of the items being soldered, but I expect it would work just fine on surfaces that aren't that clean.
0,Good power supply for this price.
0,The recommended temperature range is 250' - 270' C, but I found it to be too runny and liquid at 250'C.  I've been printing at 240'C with the cooling fan on, on a 100'C heated bed with painter's tape and getting very clean, crisp prints.  (see update below) Many people compare the results with PLA, and I would agree -- good detail and shine without warping or stringing.		No discernible smell when printing.		I do have difficulty getting it to stick to the bed, even with the recommended blue tape. It seems very very sensitive to the bed height, more so than ABS or PLA is.  It tends to get gummy and stick to the nozzle, so "smashing" it down into the bed surface doesn't work.  I'm still fine tuning, but it's definitely not as forgiving as PLA or ABS when it comes to the first layer.		The resulting prints are strong and flexible, even thin walls. It doesn't crack like PLA or develop white stress cracks like ABS.  It holds detail like PLA, so it's great for small mechanical parts that need to be strong and precise.  It costs about 2x what PLA or ABS costs now, but it does have some of the best aspects of both.		I ordered white but got black....but I decided to keep the black roll.		UPDATE: having a lot of trouble with stringing and sticking....see comment.		Update 2: I did hear back from madesolid and they made some suggestions that helped me dial in the settings. I'm now able to get some very very clean and crisp prints. Here's what's been working for me:	* Avoid any bridging -- print single objects and avoid whole "plates" of multiple objects. Try to minimize support material or disconnected areas. It's very stringy and gloppy, and therefore prints better if you can arrange your tool movement to avoid perimeter crossings and long travel.	* It oozes like crazy, so you need a lot of fast retraction -- the fastest your extruder can go and about 2-3x the distance needed for ABS/PLA.  Thankfully it does not seem to shred as much as ABS and I have yet to have it buckle or chew-out even with fast & long retraction.	* Prime A LOT just before every job. It will ooze out of the nozzle completely after a job and while heating up.	* A generous brim is REQUIRED. It takes about 3-5 complete orbits before it really sticks to the bed and flows properly.	* Blue tape on a heated printer bed (60-80'C), extruding at 245'C, smashing it down. Give it a thicker first layer if your slicer supports that.  If you don't get a really clean and solidly stuck first layer, abort and try again -- it's unforgiving and it won't "fix itself" -- it will only get worse. (no in-air extrusions!)	* For small objects, turn on the fan after the first couple layers -- this stuff tends to stay liquid longer and you can't build on layers if they're too soft and gummy. After the first layer, drop the temp to 220 and turn the heated bed off.	* Print slow -- not more than 30mm/s with a 0.4mm nozzle in my case (I normally print abs at 120+).	* Dial back the flow rate:  Compared to ABS, I needed to drop the flow to 85-90% for the same filament diameter.	* I've been using layer heights of 0.15 to 0.3 with a 0.4mm nozzle. I did not have much luck with a 0.25mm nozzle.  A clean, thin nozzle is best -- one that's wide at the extrusion hole is more likely to drag and stick to the PET+.
0,These work as expected, and the value is there; many outfits sell a single tool for as much as ten dollars.  With this set I get 4 tools for a couple extra dollars.  One tool has a little bit of scratching on the finish, nothing that effects their utility, but I didn't buy these because they are super pretty ... I bought them because they do a job and save time and effort.  I'd have liked green plastic even more though!
0,Great gloves. Use it for cleaning. Does not break easily
0,I can't test the purity, but it does the job intended. I like it.
0,Great product at a great price, took a while to ship from overseas but worth it if you don't need it right away.
0,A good solid microwave. Not much to be said for a modern commodity item such as this. The controls are well laid out and the physical Start button is a nice touch as compared to the rest of the buttons which are flabby membrane switches. Setting power is not as convenient with some units as you must press to subtract power in 10% increments from 100. Thus, getting to 30% takes 7 pushes. I seem to be getting less overflow on heating so it suggests the power application is smoother than the 8 yo Panasonic we replaced. Door is fine, door opening switch is fine. All seems to be well.
0,Nice Ramps/Arduino replacement. Everything worked perfectly on a new 3d printer build. The only small issue I had was the fact that the endstop connections have fixed pull up resistors forcing me to add a transistor for a 6-36 volt inductive probe. The Ramps board's pull ups can be disabled in software. Other than that there were no issues.
0,Excellent pan, have used it every since I received it.  The coating is fantastic at browning and the release is exactly what you what in a non-stick pan.  I bought it on sale but I'm going to buy a larger one even if its not on sale.  The handle is offset which is great for saute or stir-fry.  Of course it helped that it was available in purple.
0,just took awhile to get here. really like it
0,These are fantastic, medical-grade nitrile gloves. The fit is perfect (a true medium with just enough give to be comfortable and to slip on and off easily). They are latex-free. The colloidal oatmeal on the inside of the gloves is really great for your hands and provides a nice alternative to the traditional powder found in exam gloves. And, most importantly, these gloves are strong enough to be safe for medical applications. The box is a generous size (250 gloves per). A box of these gloves may cost a bit more than others, but, given the large quantity of gloves per box, and the addition of the oatmeal protection for your hands, they are definitely worth it.
0,ok i use it for soldering clean up mostly
0,Great quality lamp. Well made, thick glass and a solid wick. What more can you ask for?
0,good
0,Excellent.
0,This unit works flawlessly and easily is able to fill bottles quickly and easily
0,Great stuff for a fair price.
0,If you want the best available, STOP wasting time looking for the cheapest price and buy this.
0,no problems
0,I decided to get this Calculated Industries level for my job. I use this to help me perform alignments on cars and use it to check and adjust camber. I have found other uses for it to such as using it in place of an old bubble level and also for hanging pictures to make sure they are straight because my eyes are not.	  I like that it has a visual display to indicate in which direction it is out of level. It is also magnetic on the bottom so can be used on vertical and horizontal steel surfaces.	 My only complaint is that it is only magnetic on the bottom ands not the sides like some others on the market. Not a big deal but would be nice.	All in all nice build quality and nice price. Hope this helps.
0,Perfect
0,It's pretty expensive, but I love it!	I am coming from a DaVinci XYZ 1.0, and man is that thing a load of crap compared to this!	I love the auto calibrating feature, which calibrates before every print.	All I do is hit print, and it just works.	Like anything though, you have to play around with printing things different ways to get desired results, but being able to just print without hassle makes things much easier to start over.	I also love that many of the parts of this machine are 3D printed, which is very cool, and it makes it feel like 3D printing is finally getting to be legit.
0,I highly recommend it. It works just as well as the similar looking more expensive brands. I've used it numerous times on different vehicles and coolant types. Just make sure you clean it after each use so you don't contaminate the surface.
0,Nice size. Better than the tiny ones. Used them all and will order more.
0,Just as described. Great for lab chemicals!
0,Great Job
0,Easy to put on and very durable, super happy with these which will now be my brand!
0,great for the money, great overall
0,Fixed my shoe heels.
0,Fast service, item as described.
0,sits nice and snug against the wall, easy to hang, easy to add towels.  Towels come out one after the other flawlessly.
0,Great Safety  add to my Tractor
0,Received in the mail not to long ago. Have yet to use but seem pretty quality. Seems a little thin but still looks like it could handle a small drop or two
0,Tach-It B-1 Sindle Edge Industrial Razor Blade (Pack of 100)  They are single edged razor blades.  Yes they are sharp and fit my box cutters.
0,The best upgrade possible!
0,For the price - can't really go wrong.  I can definitely see how a small animal would become obsessed with this as well....
0,i think it is weird to "love" foam tape, but there really is no reason not to give this product a 5-star rating.		with this tape, i have repaired over 5 different things i would have had to throw away due to the original tape failing.		easy to cut (i used either teflon scissors or a knife depending upon the situation).	easy to remove backing.	easy to apply.		very pleased. great product. definitely recommended.
0,Standard pegboard hooks but they have the secondary insert to keep them in place.  Do not need the plastic keepers to keep them on the board.
0,lid that fits perfectly on my Rubbermaid Brute 44 gallon garbage can
0,I use this all the time.
0,These crimp caps are the best.  I have 3 sizes for random jobs and love them all.  This companies product works very well.	NOTE: I use the GB GS-388 8-Inch Crimp tool, much better than the normal stripper/crimper combo tool IMO.
0,Great Board for Dev
0,the overal quality was nice and thick but it did not seem to sit right on the peg board system. I ended up taking it down and using another tray system.
0,It's easier to use in the gel form, it doesn't drip everywhere.  It dries quickly and holds well.  No issues at all with this glue.
0,These are working great in micro bio! No scratches on any of them.
0,Well worth it
0,High quality protoboards perfect for DIY electronics projects!  I created power rails on mine by soldering solid core wire to all the through hole pads along the length of the protoboard.
0,Works great on my metal projects.
0,The temperature sensor came quickly and it works great. It answered the question I had about bending wood over a metal pipe by telling me the temperature needed to be adjusted. Now I can make that Ukulele I have been trying to build.
0,<div id="video-block-R1GK9922EUHPST" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/F1-l-AtIipS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/11htNCs0Z0S.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;This Digital Caliper is by far THE BEST Caliper You Can Buy Under $100!!		I put 7 digital calipers through a series of tests to determine their over-all accuracy, precision & repeat-ability.	This Caliper Performed On-Par with the Mitutoyo Digimatic Digital Caliper Which Costs OVER 2 Times More.		Watch the Complete Round-Up Series of Videos on my YouTube Channel: GadgetClass		Summary:	  If you're in the market for a digital caliper you need to decide if you are in the under $50 price category or over $50 price category. For a long time there was a huge gap in the market in the over $50 category. Most people either bought a cheapo caliper or went for the Mitutoyo absolute origin caliper which costs $120. iGaging has filled that gap with their OriginCal absolute origin digital caliper. It functions and performs nearly identically to the Mitutoyo. So much so, that if you removed the labels, you would hard to tell them apart. If you need a quality, absolute origin digital caliper, this one is the best value for the dollar hands down.		If you want something cheaper, the iGaging EZCal is the second place winner, and blew the low end of the market out of the water:	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/iGaging-IP54-Electronic-Digital-Caliper-0-6-Display-Inch-Metric-Fractions-Stainless-Steel-Body/dp/B001AQEZ2W/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">iGaging IP54 Electronic Digital Caliper 0-6" Display Inch/Metric/Fractions Stainless Steel Body</a>		Pros:	~ Absolute Origin	~ Very Accurate and Precise	~ Great Repeatability	~ CR-2032 Battery	~ Battery Door is Strong and Will NOT Break	~ SPC Data Output Port (works with the Mitutoyo cable)	~ Very Smooth and Buttery, like the Mitutoyo	~ Very Well Machined. No sharp edges like the cheapo brands	~ Buttons function exactly the same as the Mitutoyo		Cons:	~ No Auto-Off Feature (just like the Mitutoyo)
0,This funnel is thick enough to handle must applications. Of course it is glass, but makes it easy to clean and is still sturdy for the job(s). Good price and quality.
0,These are great jacks, solder easily, and look professional.  The price was good, as well.
0,Great stuff, it just does NOT let go.  A funeral for the Duc[t tape] should be planned.
0,Oh to have had these when I started homeschooling twelve years ago! This is really a fantastic set for teaching fractions and decimals - both how various fractions correspond to one another and how decimals correspond to the fractions. Most of our fraction sets are pie-shaped, which is great. But, the circle does not always match what is needing to be taught. Having the linear visual option is fantastic, as is having the two-sided tile to allow fractions and decimals to either be shown on their own or mixed for comparison.		The plastic is sturdy. I'm not sure how long the white paint will last with handling and usage - that remains to be seen. But, a paint pen can refresh that if needed.		My biggest issue with this set is storage. The bag they came in is just the right size, but very flimsy. A thicker bag or a small plastic case would be ideal for a manipulative like this. Obviously, the set can be transferred to a normal zip-top bag from the kitchen, but with all the small pieces, it would have been nice to have it come in something that it could be stored in.
0,Keep an eye on the plastic tension screws because they get loose, but this is a great tool and is quick and easy to use.
0,Can you go wrong with scotch?
0,Great product!  Works great!
0,Great
0,ordered this not sure if they would work but they do. easy to install. quick shipping, good price
0,Absolutely perfect.
0,Love these bottles for my oils. They are a great bargain.
0,good shipping good product, would buy again
0,great for checking ph before fermentation of my homemade wines
0,Lots of Velcro very practical and strong roll.  I have found so many uses for this.  It can be cut with scissors and holds tight.
0,Im going to use this to store my wool futon mattress in when Im gone travel'in.
0,A bit pricey but handy to have around the garage. Helped me isolate a noisy pulley on a friends car as well as a ticking lifter on my Harley. Paid for itself already
0,Once you get familiar with with how this works, then it's easier to strategize how and when to use it.  It's very messy to work with and takes a long while to set up.  I've used GG (and other brands of the same type of glue - which, incidentally, seem to be identical to the point that I don't really have a preference) for countless things over the years:  I repaired the broken frame of a Nordictrack skier that developed a crack (I glued the crack and clampled it, as well as glueing and screwing a piece of wood to the side, along the crack and a few inches beyond on either side), put a kickboard on the screen door of our front door which is starting to deteriorate at the lower corner, built a small playhouse ladder, and about a million other things I can't recall.		It works well and bonds seem to be very strong.  I generally use glue as a supplement, not as the only source of bonding (if possible).  I've repaired some non-wood items as well.  Some have worked fine, some not.  As another review mentions, you can peel the dried glue off of the nozzle when you're opening it for another use - so it's probably not the best choice for plastics.  I've done some ceramics and it's been fine - the foaming as it dries can of course make the end results look less-than-perfect.		Overall GG is very useful, and there are plenty of things for which it works very well and where, say, super glue doesn't do the trick.  I don't know if it's better than wood glue for wood projects.  From what I hear it's not, but I don't always have wood glue around, so I'll use this.		The most important advice I can give is: don't buy too big of a bottle unless you really use it a lot.  When you're done using it, squeeze as much air out of the bottle as you can.  I've never been able to actually finish a bottle of this kind of glue, because as I get to the last third or so, it usally hardens or there's so much dried glue at the top of the bottle that I have to cut apart the bottle to get to the remaining glue.  Squeezing out as much air as possible before closing the cap will mitigate this to a large degree, but at some point you just can't get enough air out and so you start to see the crusty, hardened end of the life of your precious bottle of glue somewhere on the horizon.  It's the circle of life.  For glue, anyway.
0,It's chain, what more do you need?
0,Nice set of needles, just what I needed.
0,This is the best ABS filament I've used.  The prints come out much smoother than with other brands, and after several days worth of printing, I've had no clogs or failed prints.  One note is that the center hole of the spool is smaller than the standard (sort of) MakerBot spools.  I keep adapters for several size spool holes ready so I have no surprises.
0,Easy peasy way to use alcohol on your face and skin without the mess of using a wash rag and wasting a lot of the bottle of alcohol on the rag, then having to pay to wash the rag not to mention the added time doing laundry.  I love the alcohol pads, that are so convenient to use.
0,So far so good. This reads well, slides easy. The buttons are easy to use. Make sure to zero our the reading before using every time. Nice case, and comes with a spare battery!
0,I love the quality and the price of this filament and its the only brand i use since i start in 3d printing, i really recommend it
0,I've finally been using these shrink tubes and they work really well just use the right sized ones and heat them with a hot air blower and it makes a tight seal.
0,I have need for these loops but could not get acclimated to the loops without the holder...This is the solution. Also they work well with my glasses and spin out of the way for one eye use...I do suggest you buy a hard case for storage and a sunglasses case will work.
0,This graduated bit is a time saver and pretty versatile.  it's a little pricey but worth the time as a special tool. It is only for plastics and soft materials for different diameters.
0,I've been using the Oral-B Professional Healthy Clean + ProWhite Precision 4000 Rechargeable Electric Toothbrush for about a month now and I can honestly say that I am impressed with how much cleaner my mouth and teeth feel! My dentist had told me I should buy an electric toothbrush and suggested the Oral-B, but I decided to go with a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Spinbrush-Pro-Recharge-Battery-Powered-Toothbrush/dp/B0014AI4VM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Spinbrush Pro Recharge Battery Powered Toothbrush</a>&nbsp;because of cost. After using the Oral-B, I realize that there truly is a difference in performance, and wished I had followed the dentist's suggestion from the beginning. Yup - it's that good!		The Oral-B Professional Healthy Clean + ProWhite Precision 4000 Rechargeable Electric Toothbrush comes with a head (mine came with a ProWhite brush head), charging base that stores your heads, the handle and a carrying/travel case. Out of the box, the toothbrush was ready to use in about 24 hours after attaching it to the charging base. It has a variety of settings: daily clean, deep clean, sensitive and whitening. It has a timer that beeps to let you know that you've brushed long enough and to move on to the next quadrant.		You can use a variety of heads with this brush:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Oral-B-Precision-Clean-Brush-Head-4-ct/dp/B00006ANDQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Oral-B Precision Clean Brush Head (4 ct.)</a>,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Oral-B-Floss-Action-3-pack-brush-head-refill/dp/B000AUIFCA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Oral B Floss Action 3 pack brush head refill</a>,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Oral-B-Pro-White-Replacement-Brush-Head-3-ct/dp/B0002KHTG6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Oral-B Pro White Replacement Brush Head (3 ct.)</a>,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Oral-B-Sensitive-3-Extra-Soft-Brush-heads/dp/B00006ANDK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Oral-B Sensitive (3 Extra-Soft Brush heads)</a><a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Oral-B-Power-Tip-Replacement-Brush-Head-1-count/dp/B000O8QCB4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Oral-B Power Tip Replacement Brush Head, 1 count</a>,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Crest-Oral-b-Ortho-Refill/dp/B003YVMW0I/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Crest Oral b Ortho Refill</a>.		I am very pleased with the performance of the ProWhite Precision 4000 and highly recommend it!!
0,As advertised.
0,Works well, drys fast, holds  primer and paint well and is not noticeable after repairs are completed.
0,This stuff is great, even if it stinks to high heaven. Worked wonders on my first use, re-wrapping an A/C high pressure line that had taken to dripping condensation.
0,Some products are marketed to fill a particular niche in a market and these should not be confused with paper towels. They are disposable clothes that are thicker, more durable, and more re-usable than a paper towel. The type of job you would want to use these with are those that might burn up a lot of paper towels (each of these costs about the same as 20 standard paper towels if you assume 2 cents per sheet for regular towels) or require something sturdy, but disposable. Certain types of jobs, especially those which handle jobs that would destroy a rag or make it impossible to re-wash and sanitize, would benefit from this type of cloth. These would also be good for situations in which sanitation is an issue and you don't want to keep using rolls of paper towels throughout the day. These cloths are appropriate for things like greasy food clean-up or an exterior cleaning job (like patio furniture) in which you would need to use many towels. I found that you can rinse these out and wring them out. I used them to clean some pretty dirty outside surfaces and could rinse them in a bucket of water repeatedly and they did not fall apart.		I think that this is the sort of product that you will only want to buy if you engage in very specific activities. Another reviewer has mentioned that they do contain natural oil because they are made from flax so that is something to consider. Since they are marketed for food service, my guess is that this is not something the manufacturer's consider an issue.
0,As is typical, Dewalt housed this camera in a custom case with carrying handle.  The unit can be stored in the case fully assembled, or in varying stages of assembly.  There is a small compartment with a door for the hook and magnet attachments. The charger is stored on its side in the case. It would be nice if it stored flat in the case so you wouldn't have to remove it for charging. Some of the Rigid Tool cases are set up this way and I find it to be efficient.		The initial setup was fairly basic with easy to follow instructions. There are settings for date & time and display formats for each.  Charging the battery took 30 minutes.  This particular unit needs the grey stripe on the camera end to be on top, relative to the handle. While the image is still not square on the screen, it is better than the inverted image I got the first time I assembled it. There is a key shaped like a hexagon that prevents the cable from spinning on the mount. This key is not aligned accurately for the image to be completely square on the screen.		The screen is a nice size for viewing. The resolution is high enough for the unit's intended use. I wouldn't try to watch a movie on it, although you could (without sound) from the micro SD card that is sold separately. It has 3 zoom levels: 1.5X, 2X, and 3X. The zoom is purely digital and creates the expected artifacts as the zoom is increased. This camera is not intended as a super high-end imaging system.  The screen can be used remotely from the handle/camera assembly. By remotely, I mean about 10 - 15 feet away. The wireless signal is not strong and is easily distorted by the way you handle/hold the unit. This isn't a practical use problem.  The screen and handle have separate power controls. This makes sense because they can be used remotely from each other. However, you must remember to switch both off to conserve battery power.		The camera is housed at the end of the cable. The images are transmitted electrically, not optically (as in fiber optics). Therefore, little degradation of image should occur when using the extension cables that are available (sold separately).  The camera cable is flexable but stiff. There is an adjustable light housed at the end of the cable with the camera.  It should also be noted that the camera and cable are water proof up to the point where they attach to the housing of the hand held unit.  Submerged, picture clarity is only as good as the water is clear.  The hook and magnet accessories are made of sturdy spring steel. It can easily lift a wire inside a wall. The magnet is quite strong for its 1/4" diameter size. The attachments mount securely to the camera end. It lifts a medium size pairs of pliers with no problem. The cable is flexible enough to make a circle 9 inches in diameter.		Because Amazon's page doesn't provide a lot of the features and specifications of this camera, I have included the following manufacturer's information:		From Dewalt:		DeWalt new DCT410S1 12 Volt MAX* Inspection Camera features a wireless 3.5-inch LCD screen that is removable to provide contractors greater visibility in tight areas. With a waterproof, three-foot cable and the ability to instantly capture videos and photos, the camera delivers maximum performance and convenience for nearly any jobsite. *Maximum initial battery pack voltage (measured without a workload) is 12 volts. Measured under a workload, nominal voltage is 10.8.		Features:		* Removable wireless screen for ease of viewing when in tight areas	* Photo and video capturing on SD card to help with documentation	* Hook and magnet accessories included to aid in retrieval	* Maximum initial battery pack voltage (measured without a workload) is 12 volts. Measured under a workload, nominal voltage is 10.8		Specifications:		* Automatic Shut-Off: No	* Batteries Included: Yes	* Battery Recharge Time (Hours): .7	* Case Included: Yes	* Charger Included: Yes	* Digital / Analog: Digital	* Digital Zoom: Yes	* Ergonomic Grip: Yes	* Extension Length (Ft): 3	* Extension Thickness (In): 0.6693	* Hand Held: Yes	* High Definition: No	* LCD Display: Yes	* LCD Screen Size: 3.5	* Maximum Screen Resolution: 320 x 480	* Product Weight (In the box): 9	* Run Time Hrs.: 2.5	* Screen Size (In): 3.5	* Waterproof: Yes		DeWalt DCT410S1 Includes:		* DCT410 Inspection camera	* 3' camera cable	* (1) 12V MAX* lithium ion battery pack	* Fast charger	* Hook	* Magnet	* Kit box
0,Adjust the lo mixture for highest RPM's at idle and hi mixture for highest RPM's at full throttle. Amazon has a Stens catalog with LOTS of 2 and 4 cycle parts! It is their FULL-LINE catalog. It has parts in bulk. It is a VERY good catalog! Get 1 for you and another for a friend! Repair Clinic is a GOOD source for parts! Amazon has a Oregon tach which you touch the spark plug wire to set the idle. It has lo and hi RPM'S. It is for single cyl. 2 and 4 cycle equipment.
0,Product was just as represented in the Amazon description.
0,Extremely satisfied with the seller and the quality of the product.
0,These are great I bought 3 of them
0,the TDS-4 METER WORKS FINE bought to replace one that quit working and could not find a battery for
0,Favorite wire nut type
0,Perfect for my use....allowed 14awg speaker wire (although I think that was the upper limit) run to my Bose sub.  Much easier to use than most RCA connectors.
0,this s--- really works- always have the product on hand
0,I use these to clean my glass rods before using them to make glass beads, marbles and  icicles. In order to get a good clean glass bead, your glass needs to be extra clean or your beads will be scummy looking. These are perfect for that as they, not only clean, they don't leave lint all over the glass that can cause your imperfections in the finished product. These should last me a few years so the cost isn't really a big factor for me. It makes cleaning my glass much easier and I don't have to worry about it when I sit down at the torch and start creating.  So, for what I am using them for, they are perfect for me and my circumstances.
0,Looks like regular silicone to me.
0,A little on the big side for Cat5.  They will not pinch the cable and keep it from moving side to side.  But I cannot give them a bad review because they are good quality and work well.  Use a 1/4 nut driver instead of a phillips screwdriver as this style screw is easy to strip.
0,As advertised
0,This is simultaneously the cheapest and highest quality filament I've tried, though they seem to have (justifiably) raised the price. I've been getting very consistent prints and am partial to the bright opaque color.
0,ok
0,Nice to have in one's toolbox. Works.
0,As expected
0,The draw can be a bit stiff, at least when new. I am probably using this in a capacity that differs from most, in an automotive garage, to liquid vacuum sediment from corroded upper hardware that has fallen into reservoirs, like fuel sending units and fuel tanks, without dumping the whole tank. It has shown no ill effects from gasoline. The tube attaches securely and leak free.		The look on my small son's face when I told him it was time for the Big Boy to take his medicine as I i whipped out this gigantic dosing syringe was worth the purchase price, though. Yes, I am a monster.
0,I used this thing extensively when I retrofitted my Ford E200 with solar panels.  Good, inexpensive stepper bit for things like body panels and vehicle floors when you need to put in electrical cable connectors.  You need to be sure you don't burn it, however; and you'll have to let it cool off for a while before you try a second hole.  If you don't, your fairly expensive bit will look like it's melted on you.  This Neiko is inexpensive for a step bit; but it does the job as long as you respect its minimal heat capacity.
0,It took two people to apply, which I expected.  However, it would shrink and loosen on the carpet.  It worked, but was a bit of a problem.
0,Great product.
0,the chrome finish makes them easy to take out if need be.
0,good
0,great item fast service
0,This is a very simple, yet excellent product. I install car system for my friends and these connectors are a must. I use the female connector to attach speaker wire to the speaker terminals. I find that if I connect the wire directly to the terminal, over time it corrodes due to oxidation. These connectors help prevent that.
0,if you need a measurement down to the 128th of an inch and like a digital readout, get this.  it takes all the guess work out of everything and you can continue on with your work knowing it's right.  measure once, cut once with this little guy.
0,This really is a Great Product and truly was Fast Service! I plan on ordering again! I recommend this product and vendor to anyone!
0,They must be good, I'm still using the first one and it has a long way to go.
0,Very good . Used it in stainless steel sheets 1mm thick. Easily and quickly. Just a couple of passes through the cutting edge of the sheet and a soft edge is obtained. High quality tool
0,The previous owners of my property raised collies. their kennels still stand. although I have dogs and frequently foster and train shelter dogs and rescues I rarely use the kennels. despite being steamed, scrubbed and bleached, the ghosts of eliminations past still haunt and frankly, they smell. I decided to give this product a try.		Preparation is easy fill the included bottle with 32 ounces of tap water. Drop in the pouch and let dissolve. It takes an hour to fully activate. Then spray on the problem areas. Make sure the area of use is well ventilated and that the area is not porous. err on the side of caution and be sure to use minimally, gloves, a mask and goggles. Keep pets and children away. Let dry.		I ws impressed by both the ease of use and the end results. There was absolutely no discernible odor and a previously unusable area can now be utilized as intended. I will be getting the larger size to complete the remaining kennels.		This is a powerful cleaner. Care should be exercised when using but it does an amazing job.
0,always vermont good
0,These are great to toss into your safe or any closed area you want to keep moisture from building up in.
0,I got the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Wixey-WR100-6-Inch-Digital-Calipers-with-Fractions/dp/B001PTGBR6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Wixey WR100 6-Inch Digital Calipers with Fractions</a>&nbsp;a few days ago and now all my loose unknown sized drills (a cigar box full) that go back to the 1920's from my Grandfather are now all sized and identified for future use.		The fractions function is just great because if I had to just mic up the decimal size (could have done that with my old manual micrometer) and had to convert to fractions it would (and never did get done).  Those fractions drove me nuts in school when I was a kid and now Wixey is my secret weapon, this caliper is doing the math for me.		Bottom line:  A well made tool for the price.  It works and is accurate.  If you have things to measure you can't go wrong with this nice addition to the tool chest.
0,My wife LOVES the things I make for her with this filament.  It is the same high quality I have come to associate with 3D Solutech.
0,Stretches a lot and gets thin.  Mostly worked well, but in one instance totally failed because I probably did not overlap it enough.  Operator error but the tape has little margin for said error.  This tape only sticks to itself, so use enough.
0,Grex pins are about the best of the many brands on the market that I have used.	Jam free and rarely brake apart.
0,Nice cheap displays. Works great for hobby projects!
0,Works as expected
0,arrived
0,only needed it for one but now i have plenty they are of great quality
0,Good product, company, and responsible packaging.  Works great for iron stain removal and bath bombs.  Very pleased.	Unable to post truthful comments due to Amazons censorship and illegal market manipulation policies.
0,what can i said working fine, and great price.
0,The only issue I've had was the battery was DOA, but there was a spare included, so it was a pretty easy fix... although the battery cover is a bit loose.  That said, mine does actually say "Neiko" on it, and it was cheap and it seems remarkably accurate.  Hard to complain much about this device that was relatively cheap.  Used it for various measurements where I needed +/- 0.1mm accuracy and seemed fine.
0,HIGH quality and RUGGED
0,Awesome heavy duty, air tight drum.  I mounted a Dust Deputy to the lid.  My Rigid shop vac, the Dust Deputy and this drum work awesome to collect sawdust from my Grizzly cabinet table saw.  The Dust Deputy removes ALL of the sawdust before it gets to the shop vac keeping the filter clean.......completely clean.  The Dust Deputy, this drum and assorted hardware was less than $110........or about the cost of 7 shop vac filters.  Considering I could foul a filter in 1 weekend, this setup will pay for itself in sort order.
0,works fine
0,My Dad loves Duct Tape, he uses it for everything. I got this for him to go along with a gift and he thought it was hysterical!
0,As Expected
0,I added this to my Monoprice dual extruder printer. I printed corner pieces and the spacer. It works great I am about to buy another one so I can keep printing while the last build cools down.
0,I like the bright, happy look of things Ive printed in yellow. I needed higher heat bed and extruder temps than for the Hatchbox black filament I have, but once I found the right combo Ive had some beautiful prints with this color. Vacuum sealed for shipment, with desicant packet included. No tangles so far one either color I own, so they were carefully wound on their spools.
0,I ordered these specifically to be able to handle large, sometimes jagged and sharp live rock in my 180 gallon aquarium. My first reason for ordering these was because there is no powder and i did not want to have to worry about contaminating my reef tank.  my second reason is these are 6.3 Mil and medical grade, which meant they would stand up to almost anything and i could add a few pairs to first aid kit in my Jeep.  I also placed a few pairs in my and my wife's glove box (no pun intended..lol).		So Sunday 10/21/13 i needed to redo some of my rock work and since i had my gloves felt it was the best time for the job.  Putting on the powder less gloves was a breeze, I ordered the XL and they fit perfectly with just a little wiggle room so these are true to size.,  I moved about 15 small and large (up to 6 lb) pieces of rock, some smooth and some jagged, and not one tear or sign that one was eminent.  I even took them off for lunch, rinsed them out and put them back on to finish and while rinsing i decided to fill them with water just to see if there was even a pin hole in them.  Not a one!, So after almost 3 hrs handling rock and other items my hands were not covered with tiny scratches and cuts and i was not worried about being stung by corals.
0,Works great. Well made.
0,Needed a few battery terminals for an aftermarket radio install as well as an LED light bar kit and these fit the bill nicely.  Not only do they work well they look good doing it.
0,Perfect for PCBs and milling down plastics.. Exactly what I wanted.
0,These work just great and at the price I paid, they're a super bargain. The only thing is it took a while to get them, but they were worth the wait!
0,Certainly this is very strong tape.  No doubt about that.  But.  . from my experience.  . it really doesn't stick very well.  Though it looks like it's stuck to the box. . . it comes right up if you pull on the edge.  I send a lot of packages to soldiers in Afghanistan.  In the past I purchased Tartan brand tape on Amazon and was very happy with it.  No, it's not nearly as strong, but it sticks well, and I always make sure I once along the seam, and then twice across the seam (like an "H") no matter what type of tape I'm using, and I've never had a problem.		Also, the cost of this tape is CRAZY EXPENSIVE.  No only look at the cost, and the number of rolls. . .but also how much is on the roll.  It's usually a MUCH better value to purchase 100+ yards on a roll as opposed to 54-yards.		<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Tartan-Sealing-Tape-1-88-x-109-Yards-Clear-6-Rolls-3690/dp/B002IZHE3G/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Tartan Sealing Tape, 1.88 x 109 Yards, Clear, 6 Rolls (3690)</a>
0,use a lot of these pretty good for price
0,Very nice itemand truly of very high quality
0,So far it works. I'm not sure how accurate it really is because I have no way of comparing it.
0,This stuff is extremely white. The color comes out like white out and prints fairly well. My only complaint was it is a bit stringy when trying to bridge and it tends to leak which means you have to turn the retraction way up.
0,Nice and heavy, small form factor for the weight. Edge can be sharpened.
0,They actually show a dot at 3-20 feet away about 1/16 of an inch. Yes you can adjust this. Excellent soldering on the pig tails. I assume if you bought these you know how to strip very small wires. I bought 20. I just finished Shrink tubing 10 of them, and stripped back a little more wire and tinned them. They all work perfect. I ran 5v. I found you can run them higher but don't know how long they would last. Very happy with these lasers.
0,they work fine
0,good
0,Delivery on time, quality good, thanks
0,Excellent mirror.
0,I HAVE PURCHASED OTHER GORILLA PRODUCTS AND AM NOT BOWLED OVER BUT I WANTED TO GIVE THIS PRODUCT A CHANCE..		I USED THIS GLUE ON A METAL HANDLE ON MY JEWELRY BOX, PUT IT ON IN ONE SIDE, HELD FOR 20 SECONDS AND VIOLA...I HAVE USED OTHER PRODUCTS BUT NONE OF THEM HELD DO I'M A HAPPY CAMPER.		NOW I'M LOOKING FOR OTHER STUFF TO FIX AND WOULDN'T YOU KNOW I CAN'T FIND A THING.  DRAT!!!
0,Great Product, Price And Service.
0,Shipped fast as needed and less expensive than others. I am using this with a Stanley TR150 Sharpshooter stapler, and they work as expected (very well). This will fit a variety of other guns, but make sure to check ahead of time. Stanley TRA708 or Arrow T50 are the main keywords you will need to see if these are compatible with your stapler.		The stainless staples are great for outdoor projects or other items requiring corrosion protection
0,great product - no more brass & iron for me
0,Standard lab grade equipment. Works fine.
0,Great color fast shipping packed perfectly. Wish I had more lol
0,Some of my favorite filament
0,Certainly does the trick. Nice in-between 4 mil and 10 mil. Not reinforced, however at the price, no complaints there! It should last the summer for a large 'greenhouse'.
0,good industrial grade sealant ,bonding agent
0,These are slightly different than the picture shows.  The do have a red stripe along the top of where they seal.  I was looking for totally clear, but they will still work.  They are 2ml thick so they have ample thickness for what I want to use them for.  I believe in the future, I may look for 3 ml, but these are still ok.
0,I use to pay top dollars for replacement TENS machine electrodes; not anymore. These are well constructed, highly conductive and very sticky electrodes. I can reuse them many times before switching to a new set. Because they retain their conductivity and stickiness for long time I ended up saving a lot of money.
0,What more is there to say, It's Hatchbox.  Hatchbox PLA to me is the standard all other filaments are compared to.  Their Gold is no exception.  It prints great every time with no clogs,  hang-ups or any other problems.  It prints like butter every time I use it.
0,Works well despite cheap plastic housing & blades.
0,Why buy them individually when you can get the set in a sweet holder?? I was even able to squeeze a couple extra bits in the box.
0,perfect
0,sturdy and powerful magnets
0,Precision Brand M6S Micro Seal, Miniature All Stainless Worm Gear Hose...  It works like it should.  Would order again.
0,ok
0,Good price for hobby work.
0,Use these for a lot, very good quality and handy, on my second order
0,Nice price
0,Great zip lock bags that last under heavy use. Very happy with them and the quality and strength are evident. They do not tear easily.
0,These sleeves are really small! I feel so happy since I needed them this size for my application. So happy now!
0,good deal
0,Good Quality
0,nice quality
0,Many uses. Teflon is a plus
0,Nice assortment for a home owner or boar or auto hobbiest.	There are better out there but for much more money
0,perfect and great price
0,Exactly as advertised.  Good value.
0,Fits well, built well, but the clip spins freely and is not really stiff.  Also a little clunky in deciphering how it spins/locks.  Not good enough for a 5.  ALSO:  BE FOREWARNED:  It appears Amazon has an inventory issue.  I ordered multiples of these and three times they sent me a glow stick instead of the shield device so I just gave up after awhile.
0,These are fantastic narrow width staples that are perfect for upholstery projects! They are made very well and are easy to load into my Porter Cable staple gun for narrow staples. I've not had any issues with them getting stuck in the gun or not going in all the way. They are definitely doing their job.
0,This is pretty good.  It's not perfect but you are only going to get the best if you pay a lot more.  All the functionality is present in this set and it will serve you well for most basic home or small business purposes.		My only criticism of these is most of these cheaper sets are actually the same internally, wrapped in different style cases.  They are not rugged enough or electronically reliable.  It will break if you drop it!  It's cheap brittle plastic, not thick rubberized plastic.  It needs a protective cover in my opinion.		Also the output power for the toner is not strong enough for very long runs and susceptible to burning out if you accidentally connect it to a POE line.  More expensive toners can handle a POE line.  If you do that with this set, it's going to blow out some of the LED's.		Fortunately, this set at least has a a distinct tone that is not easily muffled of confused with other signals that you might detect on the line.  You can change the tone too.  When the tone is too fast, it's not as easy to detect if very faint.  This toner produces tones that are better imho.  It also has a louder amplifier so you can hear better.  Many of the cheaper models do not, and you end up using the earbuds all the time, which is a pain in confined spaces.  I will state that the tone is stronger on the RJ-45 port than the RJ-11 port.  It should be equally as strong.		If the designers of this set really want to increase the value of this set I would recommend	1. Wrap this in a rubber shell so it's more rugged and can survive a fall.	2. Improve the internal electronics to handle POE without burning out.	3. Add a VISUAL tone detection indicator.  Some times the tone is just too faint and it would be nice if this tester could detect the tone and indicate that detection.
0,Great printer and company. Had a faulty fan and glass bed, they replaced both. They asked for a picture of the glass bed not being flat and a quick little video of problem fan which was simple enough and totally understandable. As soon as they got the pic and video they sent replacement parts right out. The auto level function on this machine is a great feature and works perfectly.
0,best nozzle ever but it jammed so hard and now it is useless
0,Delivered on time ,high quality product, excellent protection and you will love it.
0,work great
0,Fantastic!  Git this for a bug light.  Simpe instructions easy to install.
0,Quality at last. I'll echo other reviewers in saying that this is what you want when you've grown tired of "designer scales" that give you 3-4 lb. variance every time you step onto them.
0,Perfect for adding a valve to a homebrew kettle!
0,its okay
0,Excellent quality. What can you say about balls of steel. Everyone needs them now and again.
0,Easy to use.  Great quality.  The only thing I don't like about the Finder is that it takes up a huge amount of space given the bed size.  I've also noticed that the software that it comes with estimates the print time poorly.  It always estimates too low.
0,Great shrink wrap.
0,Clearly marked --- used daily for measuring and dispensing medications. Frequently put them in the dishwasher, which has a 160 degree sanitizing cycle, and the beakers survive nicely.  Actually only needed the 50 and 100ml sizes, but was less expensive to get the set than just the individual beakers. So I use the 250 ml as an 8 ounce drinking glass.
0,they work great and made job easier
0,great
0,Seems to work well and easy to install.
0,for the price, amazing quality and accurate!
0,Exactly whaat I needed at typical Amazon convenience. Well done.
0,I'm no scientist and I don't play one on TV. I've been using it to see where thermal leaks around the house are located and it's worked great for that purpose. I also use it to take the temp of the inside of my outdoor smoker. It was even used to take the temperature of our cat's caboose (which the boys found hilarious and it did not harm the cat). So you can categorize us as recreational users. For this purpose it works great but I cannot testify to how well it works on more serious or scientific usages. Also, the cat loves chasing the laser which this was not meant for but is an added bonus.		The most serious thing I've used it for is detecting cold spots in the house. For this it has been very useful.		It's sturdy and the battery has lasted several weeks.
0,Much better belt than the plastic one that comes with most DIY printer kits.
0,This switch is simple and works like it should. You have to be creative to use it . I put two open back metal "handy" boxes back to back with a duplex receptacle on the back side. Connected the power through the switch and then to the receptacle. I Plug my router in and leave it in the "on" position using this auxillary switch so I don't have to crawl under the table to turn it on and off. I can simply unplug the router when I want to use it elsewhere and no damage to the cord. I can use it for other tools as well. I attached two "ell" brackets on the top side and attached it to the underside of the router table next to the edge so I can hip bump it to shut it off. Very sturdy. Strong engage in both on and off positions. Be careful taking it apart to wire it. The switch mechanism came apart one step further than intended and I had a heck of a time getting the little spring and bearing back in. No problems once in use. It fits a standard metal box with no problem in regards to the two mounting screws. They are the same as a standard wall switch spacing.
0,Work just fine.
0,fabulous as always for jb weld products
0,I was concerned that the expansion board used on my concrete drive and sidewalk had rotted out and this Sashco Pre-Caulking Filler Rope Backer Rod Roll, 50' Length x 1" Width, Grey allows me to add a filler and seal the gap to prevent water from getting into the gap and damaging my concrete's base material and result in expensive repairs in the future.  This works well and will last a long time.
0,it works
0,Satisfied
0,excellent
0,I used these as part of my ground and alternator/battery upgrade.  I used the following for my project:		1) 2 AWG Premium Extra Flexible Welding Cable 600 VOLT COMBO PACK - BLACK+RED - 10 FEET OF EACH COLOR - EWCS Spec - Made in the USA!	2) URBEST610 Pcs Assorted Heat Shrink Tube 5 Colors 12 Sizes Tubing Wrap Sleeve Set Combo	3) Allstar ALL76120 24K Gold Solid Brass Top Mount Style Plated Battery Terminal	4) Forney 57637 Lug Crimping Tool	5) Dielectric grease on all terminals and connections.
0,Good stuff.
0,Great sensor at half the price of the OEM. It works perfect with my Aprilair 600 and was simple to install in 5 min.
0,Very basic, but it works great
0,These worked great in the posts for my deck railing.  Easy to install and look nice too.
0,The Trlen Precision TEST DIAL INDICATOR is ok for what it is.	Its not a high end dial indicator by any stretch but its still pretty nice for what it is.	The 2 included dovetail posts are nicely made and fit perfectly.	The stylus is easy enough to move its position but stiff enough that the work piece won't do it for you.	The case is nicely made and holds the indicator, posts and a little tightening tool well.	What it didn't come with was a sheet of anti rust paper so i added one myself.  Not that i expect it to rust but better safe then sorry.		My only real complaint is that I wish it would read 0 at 12 o'clock but i guess you cant have everything.		All in all its good for the price.
0,Turned sideways, I've been able to make temporary fences with these around my raised beds to keep small critters out, and they make good A-frame trellises for cucumbers and beans, too. I bought a package of the connectors to use with them, and these work best when butting them against each other stood tall, but cable ties work great to hold them together if they are used sideways. I've only had them outside in the weather for about a month, but so far they seem to be holding up very well.
0,Perfect.
0,Been using this cleaner for years. So far so good.	The main reasons I use this cleaner: Does not gum-up, clean and simple, and easy to wipe clean (very little residue)
0,My wife and I moved all our heavy stuff with no problem. We love it.
0,these bottles are great quality. I will order again.
0,yes
0,Awesome set, has any and everything you may need for a project.
0,I used this on outdoor connectors to waterproof them. There is a lot more in this roll of tape than the F4 tape another seller has, and its the same thing !
0,There are many variables in 3D printing, not the least of which is the filament.  I have used filament from at least 3 different suppliers with, in general, good results.  Sometimes, I go with a certain supplier because I can't get the color I need elsewhere.  Gizmo Dorks filaments are cheaper than others and I really don't see anything wrong with this brand.  So far, I have only used ABS filament.		Having invested over $2500 in the printer, the cost of the filament is a wash, at least to a home hobbyist like me.  My experience has been that the more I print, the more I learn and get better results.  So, if you can save a few bucks along the way, why not?
0,It seems like a lot of magnets but I already have half of them in service.  They are not as strong as I expected but does what they were intended for...holding a sheet of something to the fridge.
0,I purchased the SainSonic IR thermometer gun so that I could obtain quick estimates of temperatures at a cheap price.  I do not require medical-instrument accuracy, but per others' reviews and write-ups this little machine was touted as very accurate, simple, and inexpensive.  That would be my assessment also.  Repeated measurements in the same area are consistently within 1 degree, suggesting high reliability. I haven't conducted a true validity test (compared this item's estimate  to a known temperature) but I can say that it seems to be in the ballpark for things that I have zapped with it. the laser targeting is nice so that you can see where the center of the temp cone is pointing too.
0,Works as needed.
0,They came and was hidden by the house.  Just happened to find them when I used that door to find the paper.  Product is as advertised
0,We have an older house. We wanted to replace the trim on a tub in a bathroom that was over the garage. We went through four plumbers. It turned out we had to cut into the garage ceiling, only to find that the tub was sitting directly on an I- beam that supports the garage ceiling. One plumber cut through some of the wrong pipes and took some pieces away. The rest of the plumbers spent forever "looking for parts" to reconnect the area the first plumbers screwed up. It was even suggested that we'd have to remodel the entire bathroom. It turned out any of the plumbers could have just threaded some pipe instead of looking for it all over in first catalogs, then stores that sold antique pipe, and even someone's private collection. After eight months of all this, we just threaded some PVC, put it in, patched the drywall on the ceiling, and it's done. Wish we had known about this earlier and why didn't any of the plumbers think of it in the first place?
0,Very nice metallic tape. Sticks well to other metals such as tubing and is clean and plain looking without visible labels. However, it is a little pricey.
0,Finally a great set of alligator clips. These are made with thicker wire then the rest, much thicker. The wire has thick insulation and the clips are attached very well. Low resistance. Hopefully I can find these in different colors. I found these looking for the clips to make my own as the rest of these on Amazon were pretty much junk, at least according to the other reviews. These were well liked and I can now see why. Good deal.
0,Beats brushing your teeth manually!
0,Prints well in high detail.
0,For a long time I used an old school non digital caliper, and while it worked for most projects, I recently found myself having to measure out very small components on a circuit board to a high degree of accuracy. That's where this beauty comes into play. This caliper is very sensitive, and so far, from the work iv done with it, it seems to be very accurate. I also really like that inches can be viewed in fractions or decimal points,. (Saves me from having to do the conversion sometimes). And the unit turns itself off after a few minutes of non-use, saving the battery from draining out. The case it comes in is very sturdy and slim, and fits in a pocket of my bucket boss perfectly to keep the unit from grinding up against other tools when stored.		This Caliper is a little on the heavy side,. But it is very sturdy construction, personally id rather have heavy, than flimsy. I have no idea why this is called a titanium version,. Maybe one screw somewhere on it is titanium,. But as far as I can tell I think it's mostly stainless steel, which I am perfectly happy with.. Plus a caliper truly made of 100% titanium this big would be at least in the 100-200$ range, just for the raw titanium.		To my eye, build quality on this model looks on spot, i don't see any mis alignments or small gaps one of the other reviewers mentioned. The unit does occasionally wander off of "0" (fully closed) sometimes reading a .01 at fully closed. This will happen to even the best of models, when this happens you simply close the caliper, touch the "zero out" button,. And the unit is re calibrated again. very simple.		This has turned out to be my favorite tool purchase of the year so far, if I broke this caliper in a freak accident, id very likely re order the exact same one.
0,Great value. I find it is best to buy super glue like this.
0,Excellent
0,Thanks
0,We replaced the inflatable tires on our dolly- hand truck with these. They work great. No more having to inflate tires.
0,Meets all expectations
0,Encantado
0,A good choice
0,as advertised
0,Pretty much what I expected for a tall kitchen trash can.  However, the plastic is lighter/thinner than I had expected.  Seems to be stout enough and works OK.
0,Works great!
0,Forney 70473 Power Tube Brush		I used this 0.5 inch power tube brush as a golf hosel brush for my stainless steel clubheads (0.370 hosel diameter) with great results. I only wish the tip wasn't as long so the brush could clean the deeper parts of the hosel.		Overall: 4/5 stars, the tip shouldnt be that long or at least the bristles need to extend as far out as possible.
0,I've used Crest for many, many years now and it's always been my favorite and then they came out with the gel which I love and it's the only one I use.  I had a hard time finding it in the stores here for awhile and relatives would pick some up for me now and then.  I just happened to look for it on Amazon when I ran out of my stash of several tubes and like pretty much everything else they carry it which is awesome.
0,Not very much in bottle . Very easy to aply eith side release on bottel. Found it  to come out well not to runny,
0,As advertised
0,Nice cable, very good price and quality
0,Very nice PLA. Prints very well, and I have had no problems with it.  I have also tried the black filament with good results.
0,Seriously, it's a great set. Some artifacts and dust outside the main sample area (but under the cover slip), but nothing to harm the ultimate utility of the slides. Good staining and contrast. Great variety and selection for the money.  Enjoy looking at dog rectum, it's in here.
0,This is a large, affordable (and I hope - reliable) momentary switch which is great for Internet of Things type projects or anything else a maker or hobbyist may want to build. The enclosure is actually large enough for some electronics so I was able to fit an electric imp and small PCB right in there!
0,Really goes on well and does not bleed like plastic tape with adhesive.
0,These things are such a time saver.  I hate wirenuts and electrical tape, this makes doing anything (I've done outlets, switches, and ceiling fans with these so far) so much faster!
0,Perfect! Filters water and does not reduce water pressure		using a 25 and 1 micron combo worked best for performance and not restring water flow
0,There was no surprise I'd like this lifter -- I bought it based on the outstanding reviews.		What I didn't expect is it to be all steel construction. Not a solid chunk, mind you, but two stamped halves clamshelled together. It makes for one very stout, flex-free, and very likely unbreakable tool.
0,With this I have my heated bed at 80c and print at 215c and that is a far cry from my other filament where I had to have the bed at 95c-110c and print at 225-235c and it smelled like burning a Bic Pen while printing..
0,Good
0,I was a bit skeptical about these as they cost around 3x as much as the cheap ones available on Amazon.		They do seem to hold up better/longer and the texture is nice. I think they're worth it.
0,It works wonders.
0,Wonderful device to test your electronic components.
0,I love this.
0,Sturdy, well made, and flexible. Other less well made products are made of a harder plastic which can crack when dropped with weight or if stressed by heavy contents. I've filled these with very heavy (masonry debris) materials and never had a single crack. The only reason you'll need to buy another is to have as many as you need or if someone else takes yours! Not a bad idea to put your name or company name on it. Accessories are available including covers, liners, and dolly/wheel bases.		This is the best value and quality for this size container. These are widely used in construction, facilities use, and even in food or agricultural use because the surfaces can readily be cleaned.
0,Exceptional and UNIQUE.		Dual-lock adheres to ITSELF!  It is NOT a fuzzy side and a hook side.  The material acts like BOTH.
0,I bought this product after reading a suggestion in a review of a kitchen faucet.  The reviewer applied it to the pull-out hose on a faucet, and it protected against fraying and sticking when pulling and pushing the hose.		I'm happy to say it worked just as he said - it makes the faucet pull-out slide in and out without friction or wear.  I'll reapply as needed, but it's slick enough to last a long time.		I can imagine a lot of other uses for this product - squeaky hinges, and rubber gaskets and seals that need lubrication. Rubber parts shouldn't have petroleum products like Vaseline or WD40 on them because it makes the rubber degrade - so this product would work well on toilet gaskets too.  It's a little expensive, in my opinion, but I only used a nickel sized dab to do the entire faucet hose.  And silicone doesn't expire for years, if ever, so one tube will last a lifetime.
0,Awesome Value and Quality
0,GREAT STUFF!!!!
0,Not sure why people are complaining about the length; the length is perfect for both covering crimp-on connectors and wire splices. If you need longer heat shrink tubing, you're probably stripping your wires too far back.
0,I got tired of buying the clamp assortments that would strip out with very little torque so I spent a little more and got these stainless steel ones.  Very rugged (I use them to clam plastic water pipe) and I haven't stripped the teeth on one yet.  Cheaper in the long run that the inexpensive assortments because the quality is so high.
0,As advertised
0,Hatchbox PETG is great filament.
0,I really like the Duck brand packing tape. I wish I could afford to use it on all of my eBay packages, but the cost per roll isn't cheap, which is okay, because this is very nice quality tape. It sticks where it should, is easy to handle, doesn't wrinkle or curl when you're trying to tape long sections, and it cuts easily and without leaving residue on the cutter edge.		If you only use shipping tape occasionally, I'd definitely recommend this Duck brand tape, it's perfect for small jobs, and stores easily in a regular kitchen drawer.
0,Works great for my old furnace motor. I jumped terminals 1,3 and 5 then connected low to 2, med to 4 and high to 6. I will be buying more for the same applications. Looks like something from an old nuclear launch bunker. The cover connects with four bolts/nuts that you access after removing the screw from the knob then carefully unsnapping the numbered cover. Be careful as the back of the number plate is VERY thin and any scratch will show through. I mounted it on metal single gang electrical box with a solid utility cover, drilled for the switch. I grounded the box where it it attached to the blower shell so the whole unit is grounded.
0,It's a little black rigid plastic box, with slots for slides, thin cork in the bottom, slide index paper in the top, 2 plastic hinges, 1 metal latch. It does the job, and looks like it's made well enough.		One star off because the slots are too wide and the slides flop and rattle around. Indeed, the top edges of adjacent slides can hit each other, possibly breaking them. Microscope slides are a fairly consistent thickness, so there's no reason to make the slots too wide. Don't ship your collection in these, unless you add a piece of foam carpet padding or something to keep them from flopping around.		Otherwise, 'tis a fine li'l slide box at a reasonable price and I'll get another when needed.
0,A little short, check your needs
0,It works well.
0,This works perfect as an off road leveling tool. Know your vehicle's max degree of roll and never worry about putting yourself in a position you can't get out of.
0,Prints great on my Lulzbot Taz. But the color is more of a pale orange. Not as bright as in the picture
0,This is some really great PLA. It's got an awesome color to it and it prints very very well for me. I'm using this PLA with Simplify3D on a Robo3D R1+.		Bonus: If you shine a black light on this stuff it glows SUPER bright.
0,works
0,Great to use in my recipes
0,Good product at a fair price.
0,As described the only complaint is the rivets got a little mixed up.
0,This is better than I thought it would be.  It has a lubricant that helps all surfaces and no caustic chemicals that you have to remove pronto!	I'm glad I got this stuff.  It helped me remove a stuck empty cartridge in the chamber ofo a 30-06 by letting it soak overnight.
0,I feel like you just can't go wrong with Hatchbox.  I have a FlashForge Dreamer and I've probably ordered two dozen or more spools of filament from FlashForge, both PLA and ABS.  The colors are very consistent, the filament feeds smoothly, never had any issues.
0,this is a good value for those who constantly need replacements of 1/4 Watt resistors.
0,Nice quality and size
0,Expensive for what the product does, but it does work well
0,Very strong magnets, don't put them together!
0,Works as intended.
0,These electrodes work very well with the device I am using.
0,Allows reach through small opening.		Even fits down my urethra.
0,My wife is always nagging me about coming into the house with dirty or greasy hands or with crud on my shoes.  So a towel dispenser in the garage might just prevent marital strife.  Somehow I managed to find an unoccupied space on the garage wall and fixed this dispenser in that space which conveniently straddled a stud in the wall.  Once I had a stud, installation was pretty easy and quick and secure.  Holy mackerel!  This actually works like the dispensers at our local indian casino or at the airport.  Wave your hand at the unit and voila out pops a fresh piece of towel.  This thing uses 4 D cells - which means that you don't have to screw around with wiring this into your ring circuit or using up a wall socket. It does mean that you may want to maintain and rotate a few rechargeable cells to avoid the expense not to mention the tragedy of a towel not popping out when needed.
0,As advertised.
0,Nicely finished.
0,good
0,great for cleaning stubborn glass stains
0,Just the thing I need for rifle builds ... a little bit goes a long way!
0,A little on the heavy side for a side-grinder but so durable I can overlook the weight and it is just what I needed for some foundation crack prep and repair. It will grind concrete and stucco and grout and also your gloves and any skin it contacts so take care.
0,Very large tubes as I have to only used  a very small amount to get coverage on my TENS pads. Works very well, eliminates almost all of the hot spots.
0,This VAC SUCKS! in a great way.
0,I got this dehumidifier to put in my gun safe.  I like that I can "recharge" it when needed instead of buying a new one.  The price was right, the ones sold in the gun shops are twice as much.
0,Sticks prdetty well to a bumpy cement sidewalk.
0,This weather stripping is easy to install songs is just what you need to keep out the cold.
0,I, at one time, thought my black round lights under my kitchen cabinets were the best.  They, like this one, installed easy but, unlike this one, were a bit unsightly and the batteries wore down frequently.		This actually looks LOVELY under the cabinets even though you barely see them.  For cooking, they are just invaluable and enable my old and tired eyes to see every word in a cookbook even when it's a bit dark.  Better yet, I can be in the middle of kneading bread and turn it on.  How?  it works via  a motion sensor so I can wave my hand, even when coated in bread dough, and it lights up SO well!		It honestly looks like professional lights were installed.		Put it wherever you want to see better--under closet shelving or in the wall of the closet, at the top of the cabinet under your kitchen sink, etc--you just see everything better with a mere wave of the hand.		High tech.		Light provided by Jebsens
0,i needed to get a grip
0,the sharp edge is somewhat not properly polished, it works but the edge shouldn't be that sharp as on my product
0,this is a replacement for my last roll of Inland White, I really like the way this prints...
0,great price
0,does the job.
0,Just what I needed, a great selection of wood screws.  Now I can finish my project.
0,Excellent Product, I Recommended to Anyone, I am a mechanic teacher and, I use it in my shop, and they are the best...
0,Very strong
0,Good tape
0,A very reliable staple filament that I depend on. I just wish it stayed in stock.
0,What a difference having thicker shipping tape makes.  I recently had to ship something very heavy and was able to use this tape to ensure the box was well sealed.  I've used the Scotch tape of less thickness and was frustrated how much additional tape I would need.  This thicker tape really makes a distinct difference.  It makes life better.		I am more than willing to spend the money on the small things like this which make a huge difference in the long run.
0,This filament was sealed properly, works well, and seems to be fairly good quality.
0,works very well
0,works great, but wear rubber gloves can be a little messy
0,Excellent flexible filament ..Running at 220-230	Temps. 70 bed temp out of a flashforge creator pro.	Lays good.  very flexible..  made some rail covers, 1911 grips (with cut out text . got sharp edges on the text)and some chair non slip bottoms	All printed very well.. Extremely happy with results
0,Good product.
0,Good price for a high quality product essential for marine wiring.
0,Works well and easily for students in my in my college introductory science lab,
0,All good
0,A1
0,Awesome product, Awesome savings
0,OK
0,This is working just great to keep some frequently used tools handy in our condo.  We have it attached magnetically (not with the screws) to the side of the air handling unit.  It is holding six lighter weight tools (pliers, screwdrivers, scissors, hammer, tape measurer, utility knife). By lighter weight I mean the standard inexpensive tools. I also have some tools that are extremely heavy (heavier than normal) and they would not work without screwing the tool bar into the wall.  Since space is at a premium in the condo and the side of the air handling unit is free, this is a great solution.
0,Good Item
0,as described. correct item.
0,good
0,I used this to secure a replacement vinyl bottom door seal and it was dry in a couple of hours. Fantastic holding power too.
0,Well, what can you really say about duct tape? It is either crap, or really good (most times). This is one of the good ones. It has a great hold to it, is very nicely water resistant, and it is a strong weave (but easy to tear sideways).		I would definitely buy another role of this type. It is hard to find a good duct tape you can depend on, especially for household projects.
0,Exactly as described, arrived on time.
0,32 gallon size. we live out in the middle of nowhere so to speak. between the weather and the garbage collection service a durable can is a must. we tried a couple of others over the past few months. they were good and inexpensive BUT those were made of cheap hard plastic. this rubbermaid product couldn't be more different. it is made of good quality rubber type plastic. it is very sturdy and unlike the others we totally expect to get many years use out of this one. it is imho the best quality one could expect for a trash 'can.'
0,This filament has been doing great with my Mod-t 3D printer.  Very impressed with the quality of my prints with this filament vs my old one.
0,Good price to have a few around.
0,I had my doubts but this stuff works, I used in on PVC pipe in 3 areas: rooftop, above ground and underground.  So far, water heat and sun haven't caused it to leak or gunk up.  Well worth the money.		April 2016: Used it to seal holes in a garden hose - works great, no leaking and stays on.
0,worked for what I used it
0,Fantastic tape that seems to leave no residue yet holds strongly. I use it mainly for temporary tape jobs on all kinds of surfaces.
0,I purchased this as a replacement for the stock hot end that comes on a Tevo Tarantula.  The only problem I had with it were some initial issues with retraction on PLA.  ABS prints like a champ.
0,This stuff is tougher when dried, a tiny bit rubbery, not as brittle so it seems to work better in tougher applications.
0,I have been using my FlashForge Dreamer for over a year now. I purchased it directly from the manufacturer before most people were able to buy it here. This printer is fantastic. The print quality is better than a MakerBot Replicator 2 or 2X (both of which I also use).		I like the fact that the filament is located inside the printer. This helps keep dust off the filament providing a cleaner print. This is quite important as dust and other foreign objects like bits of hair, etc., can build up in the extruder over time, and can lead to clogged nozzles.		The way this printer handles prints sent over USB is different than a lot of other printers. This printer allows you to disconnect the USB cable immediately after sending the print job to the printer. Once the printer has the print job loaded the printer then prints the object on its own, no USB connection is needed while it prints. The MakerBot Replicator 2 and 2X cannot do this over USB. They must be connected throughout the entire print job when using USB to print. It can also print over WIFI. Which is great if your printer is not near your computer.		I love the fact that the build platform is very sturdy. The MakerBot Replicator 2 and 2X have a plastic based build platform which bends and deforms, and even tilts a bit while you print your object. They often requiring re-leveling after many prints. Their plastic build platform arms are also known to break. The build platform on the Dreamer has arms made of aluminum, not plastic. It feels very solid, and doesn't bend or deform. I only leveled my printer 1 time, and it's been working perfectly since. The only time I would ever need to re-level it is if I installed print nozzles of a different size, or if I changed the print surface to a different material (i.e., changing from blue painter's tape to glass, or PET tape). It never goes out of alignment on its own.		Another thing I love about this printer is that every filament type I have tried on it works great. The MakerBot Replicator 2X can't print normal PLA without jamming because it uses an old out dated print head. The MakerBot Replicator 2 can't print ABS and similar materials without it warping because it doesn't have a heated build plate. This printer handles everything, ABS, PLA, you name it. It can do it all and do it very well. I have printed ABS, PLA, HIPS, PETT, PETG, and exotic filaments such as CopperFill, Zen Toolworks Wood, and even flexible filament such as NinjaFlex, and ASAPTech TPE. The flexible filament required a modified print drive block I made which is found here for free (http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:431115). Apparently the newer Dreamer printers don't need this modification. FlashForge keeps improving the design. Note that printing CopperFill will wear out the print head after a while. Be prepared to have a second set of PTFE tubes and nozzles if you're going to be printing anything with metal in it like CopperFill.		The touch screen is great. I can't stand the cheap rubber buttons on the MakerBots. They are hard to press, and I feel like I'm going to break them, and I'm never really sure if I've pressed them properly or not. The touch screen on the Dreamer is so much nicer. It's bright and easy to read at angles. I get very clear visual feedback when I touch the screen.		The FlashPrint software is about the same as MakerBot's MakerWare. There are some minor differences. Both produce about the same quality slicing because they use the same slicing engines (Skeinforge and Slic3r). The software is very decent. And all you really need. But I do like to use Simplify3D most of the time. Simplify3D is far superior in terms of printing options. Simplify3D works directly over USB with the MakerBots but doesn't work directly over USB with the Dreamer (but does work with the FlashForge Creator directly over USB). Simplify3D can however be made to create G-code that's compatible with the Dreamer if you create your own custom profile for it, like I did (you need to modify the start G-code, and make a few other changes to get it working).		I am very happy with the prints it produces. It doesn't require nearly as much maintenance as a MakeBot Replicator 2 or 2X. The Dreamer is definitely made better. The Dreamer belts even have tension springs on them to help keep the proper belt tension. This is not found on the MakerBots. On them, you need to manually adjust the spacing to tighten or loosen the belts. Also on the Dreamer, the filament never jams on the rolls, a problem I had a lot on the MakerBots (the filament tends to unravel off the rolls and get twisted around the spool holder and get stuck). The filament guide tubes also never come off like they do on the MakerBots. It's just all-in-all a much more well thought out machine. FlashForge did a great job on this printer.		I have printed hundreds of things so far. In the entire year of use I've only experienced 1 major filament jam. With the MakerBot Replicator 2 and 2X I've had dozens of jams.		I have recently started comparing prints at 0.10 mm and 30 mm/s between the Dreamer and the MakerBot Replicator 2 and 2X I also use. The quality of the Dreamer at 0.10 mm is much better than the MakerBots. There's far less rough areas. The prints are a lot cleaner. At lower resolutions, the three printers are comparable, with the Dreamer only printing slightly better. But at 0.10 mm, the Dreamer really out performs the other 2. Of the three, the worst is the MakerBot Replicator 2X, which isn't surprising because of the older head it has. For the tests for all machines I'm using the Simplify3D slicer with nearly identical settings. So software slicer differences don't account for the Dreamer having better quality prints at 0.10mm.		One negative I've noticed when comparing to the MakerBots. The Dreamer is louder than the MakerBots are when they are printing. Even when you aren't printing, the fan for the CPU can be heard when it's on. The MakerBots don't have a CPU fan. They make no noise when they are on if they aren't printing.		In comparison to the MakerBot Replicator 2X, the Dreamer doesn't appear to have nearly as much edge curling problems when printing ABS. This has always been a problem when printing large ABS objects on the 2X. I have printed objects that take the entire build area of the Dreamer and saw very little detectable edge curling and no cracking. On the 2X, large ABS prints always have a lot of edge curling, and an occasional thin crack on them.		I believe the main reason for a lack of curling when printing ABS on the Dreamer is the aluminum build platform (which is covered with some black coating making it look like plastic, but it's actually aluminum). Aluminum conducts heat very well, ensuring a very evenly heated build surface. On the MakerBot 2X, I've noticed that the center of the build platform is hotter than the outer regions. This isn't the case with the Dreamer. The heat is very even across the entire build platform.		After so many prints and ordering new filament, I've found that the main negative about the dreamer is also a positive: THE FILAMENT HOLDER IS INSIDE THE DREAMER. This is great on one hand because it keeps the filament away from dust, and makes it feed flawlessly. But because commercially available filament varies so much in spool shape and size, it's tough to get filament from different companies that fits inside the dreamer properly. I didn't see this as such a big problem at first until I started ordering a lot of filament from different companies which work fine on the external MakerBot's filament holder, but won't fit inside the Dreamer's internal filament holder. I'm going to need to print an external spool holder for the Dreamer so that I can use filament of any size for my Dreamer. Being limited to certain sizes SUCKS. But it's not the Dreamer's fault that there's no standard filament size yet. Some filament also doesn't fit the MakerBot's filament holder (such as Shaxon brand filament which doesn't fit the MakerBots or the Dreamer). The lack of a standard filament roll size is a serious problem that the industry needs to address.		I have made a few free printable filament spool stand which allows me to use pretty much any brand of filament with the Flashforge Dreamer.		My free printable OmniStand Adjustable Filament Spool Stand for inside the Dreamer is found here: http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:652415		My free printable OmniStand Top Mount Filament Spool Stand is found here: http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:704631
0,This stuff can be summed up in 2 words, thick and sticky.  So far I have only had occasion to use it indoor, but it performs well and seals really well.  Also to the best that I can tell it is water resistant, although time will tell if it holds up over months instead of weeks.  I would consider this duct tape for heavy duty work, but not so much for just day to day tasks.
0,Works perfect!!
0,Works for what I need it, all is well with this.
0,Great product and quick service A++
0,Received as described, fast shipping, works fine.
0,You will need this, makes your electrodes last much longer.
0,good price,  fast delivery.
0,Does a great job in my Porter Cable finish nailer, no misfires or jambs.
0,This design is a bit different from the ones I've used in the past and while adequate, it's not my preferred version. The plastic is sufficient but not overly thick. the size is large but why the taper? Singled sided access and bright yellow for visibility works well enough but in general I'd rate this as okay - good for budget minded applications but for those that don't mind to spend a little more, go with the more standard design which is easier and more ergonomic.
0,I use this every day when I clean out my pellet stove, really knocks down the ash from door window and sides of stove.
0,After I accidentally left my expensive Phillips Sonicare toothbrush at a relative's house, the base was stolen in the mail (I know, some things are beyond belief, they actually left me with the head). I started looking for another one, but didn't want to fork out that sum of money again. I took a chance on this one after reading the reviews, and am glad I did. The toothbrush itself has two speeds, low and high. While some reviewers said the high was too high, I found it to be perfect- I like that much speed because I feel like I am getting a better cleaning. On the low speed, I would say the power equates to what your normal electric toothbrush would be. The water pick itself is awesome. I thought that it might be messy, but after getting the hang of it (which doesn't take long), it really isn't. Most of the time I use it on full speed. I have always had a lot of dental issues, but my last cleaning at the dentist went great, even though I was past due- and I am sure it was because of the water pick. The hygienist commented about how little plaque I had on my teeth. If you have gum problems, then you really need to get this. My gums used to be sensitive and bleed quite a bit, but voila- no more. Your gum health will drastically improve, and quickly. You can get to places you can't with a normal toothbrush and very effectively, and in 99% of cases, it can even replace flossing. It is very easy to use- all you have to do is fill up the canister with water and turn it on. The pick also has a pause button which is nice and keeps things from getting messy. I really don't think you will find a better toothbrush for the deal- especially considering all it comes with. There are multiple heads for the pick, though I typically just stick with one I like. The only negative I can think of is that it is noisy when in use. If you are trying not to wake up your partner, you might want to wait until later for the pick.		Pros:	Get to those hard to reach spots with the water pick.	Drastically improves gum health.	Easy to use.	Great price.	Great power on the water pick and toothbrush.	Tons of heads for the water pick.	Rechargeable toothbrush.		Cons:	A bit noisy.
0,Small fabrication shops best friend!
0,This is the tubing I was looking for at a good price
0,I bought this as part of my new lab/hobby-room setup.  Just like I used to have on my electronics workbench on the job!
0,Good. Alot of resistors. Missing a few common values but overall it's a good set for the money
0,Great fan, great price, well built. I bought this fan for use with an Ozone Generator that I custom assembled. Exceeded my expectations, very quiet, and moves a ton of air. Very happy and will purchase again for my next project.
0,Happy
0,I bought this one after trying the other very common generic one. That other one did not heat up the bed properly with my Monoprice select mini v1 and a second power supply. However, the relay itself did heat up! it got very hot and that's why I opted to buy a different one completely.		I've been using this one for about 6 hours a day for weeks and it has not shown any problems. I did put a fan next to it for some extra cooling but I don't think it is necessary.
0,I have a windowsill full of orchids.  This is invaluable for tracking humidity, and the temperature readout shows the range in temperature over the past 24 hours so you can tell whether you are getting a ten degree differential between day and night -- the differential is an important requirement for getting many orchids to bloom.  This is really an essential tool and I wish I had gotten one earlier.  I had been considering purchasing a more expensive one, but purchased this based on reviews, and glad I did.
0,Very stout spray nozzle. Good materials and quality control from what I can tell. This is the one to buy.
0,Exactly 2 kg of fine bismuth. It add up the exact weight
0,Does the job great.
0,<div id="video-block-R7E3Q86TFO2YA" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91rUeMw6QIS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61FykhjTMPS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;By far the best purchase I have made in a LONG time. Should have gotten this years ago. I have area rugs, hardwood, and stained concrete. Easily goes from one to the other, over threshold's and along the baseboards and hearth. Very easy to set up and control. It is a little loud but the benefits more than outweigh the noise. Very easy to program to come on daily.  I love this product. My floors stay clean now.
0,good quality  quick ship
0,I love that I can buy a pipe fitting of all things on Amazon! This was just what I needed and I didn't have to go looking in a specialty store. Well made and at a good price. Not much else to say.
0,These are quality pieces. I think they are a good value.
0,This works great.  Fast and easy checking each cable as you build them.	Saves me a lot of time testing on the network.	Every once in a while I screw up or the connector is faulty.	This device catches the errrors.
0,Perfect exactly what I wanted
0,awesome product
0,Provides a nice soft, firm grip for our workshop vice with 6" wide jaws.  Works well for items that could be easily damaged by the normal metal jaws.  Magnets hold it onto the vice firmly.  Overall, very satisfied with this purchase.
0,Contractor installed this yesterday. It looks great. Would look nice even in a non handicapped bathroom. Does NOT look instititional in the least.
0,great pla, would by again
0,strong tape
0,I JUST RECEIVED 2 PAIRS OF THESE PROTECTIVE EYEWEAR, BUT I HAVE NOT USED IT AS YET. NEVERTHELESS, I FOUND THEM COMFORTABLE AND I THINK THEY WILL GIVE ME THE PROTECTION I AM SEEKING WHEN DRILLING AND MILLING. IF NOT, I WILL REVISIT THIS REVIEW.
0,Just did an install using these butt connectors. They seem to be holding up for the few weeks that it has been done, but when installing I noticed that the metal on the inside of these breaks very easily, which can become a problem.
0,Works Good
0,These discs are tough and are fairly long- lasting. I use them for metal shaping/weld grinding 80 grit.
0,PRINTS PRETTY GOOD FOR BEING A CHEAP FILAMENT
0,I bought 4 of these over a month ago to put under the legs of an very heavy and very old school desk. They handle the weight very easily and make moving the desk around very easy. Since these didn't cost a lot I just leave them under the desk legs.
0,good price pretty good product
0,Works Great!
0,Super fun, I've done a bunch of experiments/play with the kids, over and over.
0,Perfect for what I needed, I would recommend
0,I'm a nurse and I need a good stethoscope for listening to heart and lung sounds.  I also need a stethoscope for taking manual blood pressures.  The ADC Adscope is great as far as listening to heart sounds.  It's clear as a bell.  You can tell the bell portion is high quality - its built like a Littman.		Compared to many stethoscopes, the tubing on this one is rubbery.  I can't say that I like that feature - it may prove to be harder to clean than the more vinyl tubing of other stethoscopes.  Also, there's no carrying case.  Sure, I plan on wearing this around my neck most of the time, but its less pretentious to keep it in a storage case on your way to work.  Plus it stays cleaner that way.		Wow - I love how snug the earplugs fit into my ears.  What a great stethoscope for the money.  Fantastic sound.  Awesome purchase.
0,added to my Tevo Black Widow 3D printer for auto-leveling. works great!
0,Great filament. Cant go wrong with it. Great quality and very consistent in size
0,Rear panel in front of the bumper popped out.  2nd body part to do that.  This was excellent for a temporary repair, plus people don't notice it.
0,Love, love, love the color of this filament.  Found a fracture partway into the roll but caught it so no print was lost. Strong, and translucent.
0,<div id="video-block-R32ESUD4TMHV0N" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1qzzSGpfXS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1nsVX9J1US.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;overall I really enjoy this 3D printer. the best one for the price	here are my tips and suggestions	I'd get at least 2 different colors, i bought blue and grey and now i wish i bought a translucent color too. brand HatchBox	some say the little menu knob is irritating to use but it doesn't bug me and you can always print a different one if you don't like it ;)	#1 DITCH THE SD CARD THAT COMES WITH IT, 3/4 prints i did with the original sd card would reach 99% and stop there, the printer wouldn't return home and sat on the last spot and froze there causing plastic to drip on the print. after using a name brand sd card the printer works normal and returns home after printing. I use blue painters tape in three strips to completely cover the bed. i do have a 1mm gap between each strip of tape which doesn't affect the print one bit, but over lapping the tape will.	i use normal school glue like Elmer's white glue one the bed for bed adhesion which stick on extremely well. do not use hair spray, it leaves a residue and you have to change the tape more often and the chemicals can eat the grease off of the axis rods. when the bed is one degree from the temperature you want then i use the included yellow scraper to spread the glue, if you do it too early it dries up and cools the bed down taking even longer to heat up.	remember half the battle is adjusting the slicer settings, it can greatly affect the print quallity, most of the time the printer is not at fault. also sometimes the models you download from thingiverse.com have errors or other issues and are interpreted by the slicer incorrectly causing print errors. i use cura and I've heard simplify 3d works well also.	here are my settings in cura	layer height 0.2 mm	initial layer height 0.25-0.3 mm	wall thickness 0.8 mm and sometimes 1.2 mm (must be a multiple of the hot end of 0.4 mm)	top/bottom thickness same as above	infill density 25% but depends on what you want	infill layer thickness 0.2 mm	printing temperature 200 or 205 C and i use HatchBox PLA, works great for me	build plate temperature 60 C	diameter 1.75 mm	flow 100%	enable retraction yes	retraction distance 1-2mm depending on what you print (very important setting and the next one too)	retraction speed 25 mm	print speed 35-50 mm per second depending on the detail/complexity of your print	and i don't recommend anything over 55 maybe 60 max, any higher and it affect the quality of the print	infill speed 55 mm per second	travel speed 65-70mm per second	initial layer speed 15 mm per second 1st layer is the most important and should be slow	always print with a skirt just to get the nozzle flowing correctly usually the first lap doesnt stick right so this way it doesnt ruin anything if you have a skirt enabled.	if your object is taller id print with a brim.	the only thing i do not like about cura is the support is auto generated and you have no control or way to adjust it, but at least all of the prints i did did not need support material	also add 10-20 min more to what ever cura estimates for print time	i use fusion 360 to build models (see photo for the small robot i designed the frame) its a line follower using a attiny85 micro-controller	worked right out of the box, just needed to level the bed. I'd lower the bed before turning the printer on so the hot end doesn't drag and scrape the bed.	PROS	very accurate printer, I printed a fidget spinner which the center parts are separate and spin (see photo) and there was a 0.4mm gap between the spinner body and the center parts. once printed i didn't even need to break them lose, I've also printed a hing which had a 0.2mm gap between the hinge pin and the central part that hold the pin, after printing it needed a little effort to move and now moves freely. (see photo for the hinge) It's impressive to be able to print a hinge or fidget spinner as "one piece" or at the same time yet each part moves separately.	the bed is easy to level	easy to load filament	heated bed	color display	hot end has not clogged once on me	print quality is very nice	the benchy boat printed flawlessly and even created a 8 mm bridge between two pillars to form the window and it doesn't droop down		CONS	something vibrates while it does the travel moves, which is a bit noisy but does not seem to affect the prints	bed takes a bit of time to heat up	the cooling fan makes a odd hum but is not noticeable once the the print begins, the fan shroud could use a rubber grommet to stop the vibration	the x axis motor gets pretty hot, but having a small fan resting on the z axis arm quickly cools this down and the same probably goes for the driver board and y axis motors but they are inside the case so i can't feel them. the newer version of this printer  has a fan built into the case to cool those components and it is possible to add a fan underneath the printer, theres a grill for it but no fan. for longer prints than 2 hr id install a fan underneath just to be safe.	this printer can print most of what i need but the bed size can be limiting at times
0,Perfect
0,I like this little reader!! It's very nice to be able to see both my temp and humidity's high / low over the past day (or X amount of time after resetting unit). Very helpful for calibration of thermostat controllers in my garden.		The only thing I'm not sure o,f is why the manufactures opted to display humidity larger and on top of air temp.. Had this for weeks now and I still look at the large numbers up top thinking its temp, but really is humidity.
0,As other reviewers have said, the box is a little difficult to open. Other than that, it's a convenient way to store these individual tubes of glue.		The glue tubes themselves are nicely designed so that they stay sealed until it's time to use one. Then, it's very simple to screw down the dispensing cap after removing the collar, which punctures the seal. No mess, no fuss.		I probably would have given it 5 stars except the dispensing nozzle is a little too large for my purposes (fly tying) and it's difficult to control the amount of glue being dispensed.
0,Pretty nice quality for the price I paid at the time of purchase. I would definitely buy again!
0,Great strain relief will grip even a really small diameter cable.  Just what I was looking for.
0,great
0,Bought this tubing to replace what came in my Davinci Pro, this is alot more rigid and does a better job of guiding the filament to the hot end, even used it to replace the 2nd short piece of tubing in the print head.
0,They all work great, but I would rather individual packs. Too much of a pain to sort out and then pit back away neatly.
0,Nice i2C based temperature chips.  All worked well.
0,I love to wear these when I am cleaning or working in the kitchen.  I wear them mostly to protect my hands and nails from water and cleaning products!
0,Very economical and good quality...what else do you need?
0,This replaced my older Waterpik Toothbrush.  I love it because the new design is more aggressive than my old one ever was.  The charge indicator is another improvement.  Due to its height and the height of the old charger, I had to remove the brush from my old one to charge it because it was too tall for the shelf that held my charger.  This one is a little shorter and I can charge it with the brush in place.  Everything about it is improved. I've never owned a finer toothbrush.
0,Decent magnets and mar-proof plastic - Like the bright color, easy to see when off the vise.
0,as advertised happy with purchase
0,I prefer these to the "HEPA" blue filters that clog to fast and restrict the suction from the vacuum. I use them with a bag as well to trap more of the particles and it is much easier to remove the bag and dump out fine sawdust or drywall particles and the like. The two-pack was OK as it provided me with the needed filter and also with a backup filter.		As a side note the Ridgid "HEPA" filters do not qualify as a true HEPA filter for the purposes of the lead paint regulations and I would not use them with a Ridgid vacuum when dealing with asbestos.
0,OK
0,Well made, Tough Material, and looks like it will work perfect for my needs.  Easy to install and put together.
0,Great price, shipped fast, works as described, perfect.
0,I have had bad results with diamond sharpeners over the years and got this after much internal debate.		This is a nicely made tool, the handle being made in the US and the head part in China.		I held it up to the grinder wheel, 60 grit vitrified aluminum, and BARELY made contact with it and only let it contact for at most a couple of seconds at a time. This was so it would not heat up and the diamonds and the bonding agent would not be under so much stress.		In only a couple of minutes the job was done, really fast,  the wheel perfect and all diamonds still on the Commando. Expecting that failure was a real possibility, this was a pleasant surprise.		This is recommended. Of course grinding wheels of other grits and materials might be tougher on this tool.
0,Not a thin wall like some I've seen. Reasonable price, works well.
0,great value
0,as described
0,I use this on my motorcycle tank, protects it and has lasted for years.  It is well worth the price.
0,Works like a charm. I only used a small amount so far but no complaints here.
0,nice
0,Unlike some of the other reviewers, I've had really good luck with GE Silicone Caulk and I have used most of the varieties. I really like this caulk, it spreads and smoothes well, adheres very well and cures quickly. It is expensive but having also used some of the cheaper caulks, this product performs far better and is worth the extra money.
0,Works very well!
0,If you've used other grey, two-part epoxy putties then this will be very familiar.  It looks, smells and works exactly like other epoxy putties I've used.  It's good and strong and it's easy to work with.  Plus, 4 oz. is a very good valu for the money.
0,We've used Colgate toothbrushes over the years.  There are a wide variety of new features on toothbrushes that claims deeper cleaning, plaque removal, reduced sensitivity, whitening, etc..  This 360 Compact Head toothbrush has multi-height bristles and rubber cups/blades to help remove odorous bacteria and plaque.  There is also a useful textured cheek and tongue cleaner on the back of the bristle head.  We tried it (several samples) for a week a found the multi-height bristles and rubber blades to be non-abrasive and removed more plaque than regular toothbrushes.  Tongue Freshener scraper helps remove smelly plaque and buildup from tongue and cheeks.  We still prefer our Braun electric toothbrushes but will certainly use this Colgate toothbrush for traveling or recommend it to our visiting relatives/friends.
0,This is my second spool of the Taulman 910 alloy.  The material shows great strength for the parts I am printing.  Adhesion is ok when using a heated bed, Flashforge Blue Tape, and applying some PVA glue/water mixture before print.  There is some slight stringing but this may be something that can be fixed by adjusting the printer settings.
0,Great Pla for our 3D printer, no problem with it.
0,I bought two bottles.		One works great.	The other I have to use to pair of pliers to open every time and the nozzle gets plugged?		Nice, medium viscosity glue with good working/cure time.
0,Great power; many uses. I would buy this again.
0,No problems with stripping threads or heads. Have used these with machined and hand-tapped installations. Heartily recommend these. They ship in a handy small box which is great for single rack or two rack sized installations. Wish they had a larger package for larger installations.
0,More narrow than the one I used to use. That makes things a little bit more cramped, but I still like that I'm able to carry everything in less space.
0,One of the first things I bought as a new homeowner was a wet/dry vacuum. It came in handy often and even more so when I built a koi pond. I have since replaced it with a larger and more powerful wet/dry vacuum that I use mostly for woodworking.		Recently, we acquired two small animals for pets and keep them in a cage with wood pellets as bedding. Replacing the bedding is a time consuming activity and completely void of entertainment value. I was using the big wet/dry vac but hated moving it and its attachments from the garage. To me, a large consideration for these vacuums is power and capacity vs portability.		This wet/dry vacuum will not win any power or capacity contests. It will, however, do very well in portability. I store this in a laundry area utility closet (which is under the stairs) and it is a trivial matter to wheel it over to the cage and quickly vacuum out the bedding. It usually takes a couple of trips to the trash can, but removing the hose and coiling the power cord is relatively quick and easy.		This is an excellent compact wet/dry vacuum that stores well and provides enough suction to quickly complete many smaller jobs. I think it is best suited for inside house use and would perfectly complement a larger unit in the garage.
0,I would not want to do without this super tool. My mouth is so much cleaner  and it shows when I go to my dentist. I wish I had this 45 years ago.
0,Very accurate, love to be able to tell how hot the house gets with the A/C being off while at work during the day. Also helpful with the house plants knowing the humidity level.
0,awesome
0,We used similar PID temperature controllers where I worked, and those cost about $1000 each. Guess that makes these a pretty great value. I bought one for the heater in my homemade meat smoker. I bought one like it (from another vendor) to run the heater on my livestock tank. Depending on your load requirements, you may need the model that ships with the external high current solid state relay. Unit looks like it is for dry locations only, so protect it from the weather if you put it outdoors.
0,these are useful supplies in my aromatherapy activities
0,Its a bit hard to "love" tape, but this tape is special!		High strength, temperature and abrasion resistance all rolled into one extremely thin tape.		I am still learning just what it can and can't do. The can't do list is short, but it is slightly hard to apply as befits it somewhat indestructable nature.
0,Easy installation, great for repeating thicknesses after having planed other thicknesses.  Accurate and easy to use. Prior to this accessory, I had to sneak up on a dimension that was critical, now I do not have to.
0,Well protetced during shipment and just the right size for LED Light rehab
0,Very happy with this product
0,Good thick quality bags. Not flimsy, and holds small items real well.  I use these to put my handmade belly rings in where I sell them at http://www.etsy.com/shop/Aim4Beauty.  I make beautiful redesigned belly rings consisting of Animals, like butterflies, Peacocks, wings, birds, wolves, suns, stars, planets, Neoglory Crystal jewelry, and tons more.  So these are real good to put them in for protection.
0,We've used several different Performacide disinfecting cleaners and found this variety to be a bit scary in how deadly it is.  Because this is such a toxic chemical, you don't open the paper package holding the chemicals but drop it intact into the included spray bottle.  Of course, this is a smart and safe way that beats handling a toxic powder to mix.  The resulting solution is up to full strength in about an hour and loses its effectiveness after about 2 weeks.  This is probably a good thing because this stuff kills bacteria and viruses so well it really shouldn't be kept in the home where children, pets or vulnerable elderly folks can accidentally come into contact with it.		Ideally, you want to go ahead and use it up.  I used it to sanitize four large litter boxes and the areas where they are used.  It's an effective cleaner and completely eliminated the linger odors clinging to the boxes.  You want to let everything air dry and don't let anything you love go near it until it is completely dry.		This is a good occasional use product.  Its so toxic I can't justify having it around all the time but it's certainly effective for use against cleaning jobs that might otherwise be close to impossible without professional assistance.
0,This pack is super handy for any project with a lot of wiring, especially if you are doing things with audio (where you are using black cables).
0,I love it.
0,I was skeptical at the price, but I like it so far. It came with two batteries (but only requires one for operation) and a plastic case. As others mentioned it doesn't have marks on the slide bar. Checked its measurement against a ruler, measured about 25.4 mm per inch at 0.5, 1, and 2 inches respectively (as close as the eye could tell). It is accurate enough for my use.
0,Just as Expected
0,I use this sealant around my pool for years. Sealing the expansion gap around the coping this sealant stands up to chlorine, hot summers, harsh winters, ants, etc for 7 years. As a polyurethane sealant it is very dense and requires a great deal of pressure to get it to leave the tube. I would strongly recommend a power caulk gun (I use the Dewalt 18V). Trying to do it by hand will leave you a fairly pitiful bead of product. The manufacturer recommends a concave bead in the joint (I use the backside of a spoon) and that you apply pressure to assure adhesion (again I press with the backside of a spoon). The product is extremely sticky and its recommended you use a product like stucco tape to line either side of the joint to obtain a straight edge. You can remove the tape almost immediately after applying the product. One last thing to know about this product it takes days to fully cure. It will skin in 3-4 hours but up to that time leaves and debris can get stuck on it. Keep the area around your project clean. Good stuff, takes work to use, recommended.
0,Had all we needed.
0,Works as a crimp is suppose to. Better than a Butt Connector
0,I have several brands of electric toothbrushes, plus an assortment of travel battery-powered ones as well. So far, this one is my favorite and here's why:		1) The biggest plus is that I feel it cleans my teeth the best. It's very fast and I feel like it both polishes and removes more plaque. It by far feels like it's the strongest of the electric ones I've owned and I feel like my gums are getting a (good) workout as well.		2) Strong as the vibration is, I did not find it difficult or uncomfortable to hold the base as I am cleaning my teeth. Normally I am a little sensitive to that but I did not have that problem here. I have noticed that a few people have complained so this might be an issue for some.		3) It's aesthetically very pleasing, which normally is kind of a silly thing to note for a toothbrush but this does stay on a bathroom counter and it's really nice looking.		4) It comes with a traveling case - a nice one. Note that I don't see any holes or venting in the case and I'm not sure that this means you should wait until your toothbrush is fairly dry until you put it inside. You can charge the toothbrush via a USB cord that connects right to the charger so that's super convenient.		4) There are 5 cleaning "modes". Most electric toothbrushes have several options similar to this. Personally the first option - the "cleaning" mode - was my favorite and the cycle lasts 2 minutes. You can also use a "sensitive" mode or one for whitening, polishing, and gum care.		Also note that you can either charge the toothbrush by putting it on the charger itself with either a small glass base or put the enclosed glass cup directly on it and just put the toothbrush in that and it charges. If you use a glass to rinse your mouth this is really helpful.		The only thing I wish this had was some sort of sterilizing unit. I have read several pros and cons to them, many suggesting they really don't work that well, but I've always liked them.		Recommended.
0,Good quality brush.  The bristles are nice and thick. They have not bent over much or deformed easily. The handle is nice solid wood. No complaints. I included pictures of the brush after a few weeks of shop use.
0,use these for my own tinctures. durable and well made. no leaks. comes with the droppers as pictures. very very happy with these.
0,Got this as a great buy on Amazon. It works great to cut it to any length you need. And the sticky back works.
0,Strong magnets that really hold coats, umbrellas, or whatever very easily.
0,Great product!
0,Purchased to resupply my hobby stocks.  I checked a random sampling of them, mine are within the stated tolerance.
0,Should work well for various projects; bought other sizes depending on the need, and should hold well.
0,These gloves fit true to size and are well made. I like the fact that the material is not super thin like some gloves you buy that rip as you are putting them on and the ribbed cuff is an added plus making it easy to take them off.
0,Probability one of the top 3 Wood material out there and far cheaper than it's competition.	Hatchbox makes great filament and their quality is very good and consistent.
0,good
0,This  tape is perfect when you are moving or mailing delicate items. The roll is large with perforations every eight inches. Really more a printed tape than a label perse, it adheres securely. The print is clear and easy to read. There is no backing to peel as you might expect with labels. The generous sized roll should last. all in all a tape that does what it is designed to do.
0,as advertised no problems
0,Authentic kit. Directions are easy to follow and all the components are easy to solder. The DSO works well enough for what I need. For a very basic unit, it does everything I need it to. I run it on a 3s lion battery charged to 12v. Works great.
0,Works as expected.
0,got with Amazon prime, hard not to love the 2 day service.  Looks great, now just to get the remaining parts for the project.  The Acme lead screw looks fine and operates smoothly.  If something comes up I'll update later on.
0,Last year for christmas, I had gotten my 10 year old daughter a 3doodler 2.0.  We discovered only too late that it was a horrible gift for kids, which is a shame for it is a wonderful way to explore creativity.  I say that it was a horrible gift, as that version required waiting for a while for it to heat up, getting to know its various states of humming to determine if it was ready to use, avoiding the external hot parts and then the absurd difficulty in cleaning it.		This version is great for kids, for several reasons.  First, there are no cords to get tangled up in; it's wireless, unless you are charging it.  There are no external hot parts, so no getting burned with the extremely hot tip that you would find on the original style of 3doodler.  The strands for this are different from the original ones, called "eco-plastic".  It has a much quicker warm up time, which is nice .  It also has a slower hardening time, which has its perks, too.  You have a little time to shape it with your fingers, before it sets.		This is a much more comprehensive deal than the "essentials" version.  That one comes with:	The essential pack for creating in 3D	The 3Doodler Start 3D Printing Pen	2 Mixed Packs of 3Doodler Start Eco-Plastic	Complete with project booklet and micro-USB cable		This version comes with:	The 3Doodler Start 3D Printing Pen	8 Colored Packs of 3Doodler Start Eco-Plastic	8 Themed DoodleBlocks	Complete with project booklet and micro-USB cable		Considering the prices for the doodleblocks and the eco-plastic, I consider this package a great deal!		Yes, it's about $50 more currently.  However, Amazon charges $7.99 for a package of eco-plactic.  The DoodleBlocks are $14.99 per pair, with a couple mixed packs included.  You save about $10 going this route, and have it all packaged together (which I think is a bit more tidy for gift giving).		All that said, like the original 3doodler, this isn't about instant gratification.  It takes time to make things of any scale with it, and requires a bit of tenacity for a child to spend hour(s) building something strand by strand.  Before getting this as a gift, it's worth noting whether or not the child in question has that sort of perseverance.
0,Best Filament made. Only using Hatchbox and they work so well.
0,Best super glue ever.  Easy to put a very small drop of glue in a precise location.  The viscosity of the glue is perfect .  Doesn't run all over when you use it.
0,My first use of it isn't mentioned on the 'product details'...	There are black metal grab handles on my Jeep. After being parked in the summer sun, those handles can get real hot. Wrapped with the Rescue Tape, the handles can now be grabbed rather than avoided.	The first try, the coiled wrapping didn't look smooth enough, so I tried to pull the tape off and re-do it. No matter how hard I tried pulling the edge, it didn't get free, and I had to cut it. This thing really sticks to itself.
0,Excellent for sling shot use!
0,I highly recommend ordering 3D Solutech! They are by far the best priced and have been amazingly consistent in color from spool to spool, dimensional accuracy, and filament production + the resulting print quality. There is no detectable odor whatsoever (HatchBox, MakerGeeks and a few others have def odor). I print with a Prusa i3MK2 at 210 degrees and have the heatbed at 60 degrees. Also, the spools are perfectly vacuum sealed (I have received a few from other manufacturers where the seal had been broken) and I love that they include stickers in every spool order!<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/3D-Solutech-Silver-Metal-3D-Printer-PLA-Filament-1-75MM-Filament-Dimensional-Accuracy-0-03-mm-2-2-LBS-1-0KG-100-USA/dp/B00ME7YUIU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">3D Solutech Silver Metal 3D Printer PLA Filament 1.75MM Filament, Dimensional Accuracy +/- 0.03 mm, 2.2 LBS (1.0KG) - 100% USA</a>		So far Ive tested;	- Hatchbox	- AIO	- MakerBot	- MakerGeeks	- MatterHackers	- few others cant recall
0,it was a good value to purchase in this quantity. I really like the case. I can reuse it when i run out of screws.
0,very good.
0,MArtyr makes great zincs I highly recommend them
0,Sharp
0,I was able to get this to print just fine with a Printrbot simple metal, with an E3D hotend and Cura slicer. Since I am using the stock Printrbot software I can not accurately tell you what temperature I was using, but I can say I had to set to 23C greater than what I was using for PLA.	I Printed on a PrintnZ plate covered with blue painters tape and doped with glue stick. I also disable the cooling fan to allow the nylon longer to cool. I believe this resulted in a better bond between layers.	I was able to print the Print-in-place 9 ball bearing with a raft. The only downside is that the resulting bearing is so flexible that it is easy to take apart and reassemble. But then again I bought nylon to use for flexible prints. so no complaint there.
0,Works well for my purpose as push rod for slugging rifle and pistol barrels.  Won't damage the bore.
0,Good overall construction. The cables seem to be heavy duty for what they are. The clips seem to be strong and I don't see any problems with them. The only reason I gave them 4 stars is because I have yet to try them out. American made product.
0,Arrived quickly, great quality.
0,Good product
0,Excellent product, would buy again
0,This sling works great around our shop. I should have paid more attention that it was only 1" wide. The picture is deceiving. That said, I kept it and used it to lift our cabinet that weighs around 600 lbs. It does just fine.	The handles are very well built and have an extra "pad" instead of just the woven material.
0,Sent promptly; item is as advertised.
0,As described.
0,Make sure you have it where you want it cause it's not coming back off!
0,Good for several usages about our home.
0,Works as noted
0,Nice sign
0,This thing is literally perfect.  I actually used it for only white LEDs!  One of the areas I lit is a longer wire run than another area, so I was having issues with the far area being more dim.  I put four different areas of white LEDs each on different color channels.  Now I can control the brightness of them individually, and then when I use the master dimmer they all stay exactly proportional to each other.  I'm using Nexia too!  Still can't get myself to fork over all that money for Fibaro.  It had no troubles connecting right out of the box, although you have to log in to the website to change the color, which isn't an issue for me at all.
0,Initially I bought this set to have around should the occasion arise.  I'm finding that I'm using this more and more for projects. And the case is a must to keep things together.
0,Good tape, inexpensive vs elsewhere.
0,Works!
0,NICE! Great product,great price, great vendor=Great DEAL! I'm impressed! Thanks! A great little device for next to nothing. Works great.
0,Put this on my leaky porch right before Hurricane Harvey.  Zero leaks during the storm
0,Is good and flexible.
0,Very happy with the color and how easy it was to print. Printed on my Robo R1 3D at .2 layer height and 200 C.
0,Got the job done.
0,Great deal for 100 stainless washers. Their actual dimensions were approx. .751" OD x .341" ID x .046" THK. One side is a little shinier than the other. They are slightly attracted to a magnet.
0,Very high quality product, really gets you organized and stays in place!
0,How did I go so many years without this stuff in my shop, or in my car, or in my backpack? Every day I think of new ways to use this stuff.... for instance, today - I was filling a small spray bottle with bug repellent for my backpack, and I was concerned about the top coming unscrewed slightly causing a potential leak. Well, I pulled out my clear version of this same tape, and wrapped it around the top where it screws on, now I am confident it will hold.		Yesterday, my weedeaters foam grip was cracking splitting - out comes the black Silicone tape to the rescue to provide a new grip for the handle. The day before, my tent pole plastic end cap was not staying on the pole, again, Silicone tape to the rescue.		Then, when I was weedeating my lawn, I noticed my trusty outdoor electrical cord took a hit with either the weedeater or hedger, and had a couple of chunks of the outer sheathing missing. I used my Xtreme tape (in the Red color to match the cord ;-)) and it has been holding for weeks and about 4 uses, I don't see why it won't hold for a very long time.		Next, both my backpacking and camping tent poles have vinyl or plastic ends on the poles - and after time these loosen up, want to come off and worse yet get lost! Well, not only does Xtreme tape fuse the tent pole ends to the pole, it also reinforces them and makes them stronger and more durable...		Then, my 20 year old wheelbarrow's wood handles have taken a beating from years in the weather, and they showed a lot of cracking and the wood was very rough.  I usually wore gloves when carrying heavy loads with the wheelbarrow, especially since the wood handles were so rough and I worried about getting splinters.  I painted the handles with some acrylic latex, and then gave them a wrap with some 1.5" of the black Xtreme tape, and it did wonders.  I overlapped the Extreme tape in close windings, so it created a thicker wrap since this was a heavier duty application.  I did this almost a year ago, and it has held up fine outside in the AZ heat.  I don't store the wheelbarrow in the direct, and I think the UV would wreak havoc.  Now I feel like I don't need gloves to use the wheelbarrow.		And then the big test - my garden hose had a pin-hole leak in it, and I applied this tape to it. The key is to make sure you extend the tape on either side of the hole by a few inches (I did three inches on each side of the hole) - and then make sure you stretch the tape very well and evenly around the hose. Also, make sure the hose is on a flat surface, and try to avoid flexing / bending the hose while taping, keep it as straight as possible. Also, give it at least two windings (not just one). It is working fine, if there are any issues I will update.		You get it. This stuff is amazing. Once you wind it on itself it sticks like white on rice. Its resiliency is quite good - it is very tough and it will not come unwound unless you intentionally start to pull on the seam. Then, it will rip instead of lose its contact... it is that sticky to itself.		The list goes on.... like I said, I keep finding more uses for it daily.		I would say just get a roll, and keep it around. You will be amazed at the number of applications this stuff will satisfy.... an easy five star!!		Thanks for reading.
0,Excellent item.
0,Not expensive, shipped quickly, and does the trick.
0,I recently obtained this kit from a non-Amazon source.  Assembly was fairly easy - the most challenging part is keeping the push button switches properly seated during soldering.  My kit did not come with a power supply (I should have read more closely) but I was able to re-purpose a 12vdc wall wart.  The spec says it needs 15vdc, but mine works fine on 12 volts.  The only thing really lacking is a case, but with the front and back panels in place it's very sturdy - a case would mostly keep stray bits and pieces from shorting the unit.
0,worked fine
0,Great service cart. Cheaper than a leading bargain tool store and easy to assemble. I will give it a five star if they have the option for a lockable wheels.
0,Must have accessory to Accu gauges... protects gauge and prevents rattling around in the car.
0,Quality unit.  Fits my 8" Igaging dial digital caliper		It also fits my brown and sharp digital calipers as well as my Tesa digital calipers.		Great part for cheap.
0,decent price, 'must have' of course; the epoxy won't work without them.
0,Perfect for the project that I had. The length was 1/2" longer than required. The dimensions were exacting. Will purchase again.
0,Great price, decent bearing. What more could you want?
0,a little pricey for amount you get
0,I used these to open individual doors in a security system style application. The main circuit opened all 4 doors at once, and that presented a security issue. Putting a single switch between the main power lead and each individual door solenoid gave me what I was looking for. Now, instead of each door popping open when you swipe your badge, you select which door opens. Well suited for that 24V application.
0,The main thing I was looking for was *sturdy*. I can't stand it when a flimsy work area flexes back and forth while you're trying to work.		Success! It does not move around while I'm working on it
0,These are great to add to any survival kit. The price is good. They are all individual wrapped so you can take one out and put in your kits. Of course they can be used for an assortment of different uses!
0,Very good quality. Works well. As advertised.
0,Good suction not great, good vacuum for price. Last bosses we had lasted about 4 years of vacuuming up after animals.
0,for threading my serger.  I bought three different sizes and keep them all handy when I work.  I'm sure my husband will find uses for them as well.
0,Good meter but I exchanged it for the 325 as I wanted to read DC current.
0,Great deal if you do your own work.
0,Well Made!
0,Great product....
0,just what I needed for my alarm system fast delivery would buy again
0,While these are a bit pricey, they provided a good mat for my workshop.  Material was durable, easy to clean, and comfortable to stand/walk on. The interlocking pieces was a plus. I have used them for several months and they still appear to be in great condition. Highly recommended.
0,Caregiver and I are pleased with these exam gloves. Gloves (medium) fit both of us fine and we have rather different hands, size-wise. Very good price.  Will purchase these again in the future.
0,good price still working
0,This thing works very well especially at such a low cost.		My advice- don't overdo the dimensions.  I tried to make a jaw that really is too big for this vise and it's definitely prone to racking.  Stick to 10-14" width and get the screw and guides as close to center vertically as you can.
0,Good stuff and I like it!
0,like it
0,The print bed that comes with this printer isn't perfectly flat which can be an issue when printing large prints that contact a large section of the bed.  I have since upgraded to printrbot's aluminium heated bed and it has been a worthwhile upgrade.		Printrbot's customer service has been extraordinary.
0,perfect match at perfect price point.
0,Nice set and case
0,Used in science class.
0,Ridiculously, hilariously good performance for the money.		Compared to a Fluke industrial meter measuring the same flat-black materials, results tracked within 0.2 degree F. For my purpose, which is mainly automotive with flat black oil or transmission pans, this is way better than necessary.		Results differed more on materials of different emissivity, and/or when temperature was rapidly changing. The device does not have facilities for changing these adjustments, so that is the main "feature" you give up with this unit.		  See http://www.engineeringtoolbox.com/emissivity-coefficients-d_447.html for example.		Meaning your object being measured should either have 95% emissivity, like flat black finished metal, or your readings _will_ _differ_. You can calibrate these differences away, but if you do that much another item with adjustments for emissivity would be a better choice.		The instructions are a folded piece of paper, and the package and name don't scream high quality. But for less than $20 these nits are  easily forgiven.
0,I have used this on a few plumbing joints without any leaks. The large quantity in the rolls is great.
0,These are disposable razor blades. They have a good edge and last about as long as one might expect.
0,For my odd tools kit, never know when you have to reach down a hole to retrieve something.  Works great!
0,Nice, strong shims.  Perfect for my project.
0,Works great.. Good tape.
0,clean spool of wire.
0,A stethoscope is a must-have if you're into anything more than just the basics when it comes to auto repair. This set does exactly what you need it to do, and at a reasonable price. A little uncomfortable in the ears, and you need to be careful with the probe once you have them on, as banging it on something can be very, very loud.
0,good assortment , very good buy
0,These worked great, heavy duty and nice and bright.
0,Good strainer bag that takes out all but the smallest particles.  With care and gentle handling it will last years.
0,I wanted to monitor indoor humidity for health reasons.  This little device works well, adjusts to changes quickly.  Also compact size. Good value.
0,good quality. soft quality.
0,CLP is highly rated for use for cleaning AND lubing guns and usually costs more than what this cost me on Amazon.  Ive got no complaints.
0,great
0,quality products
0,After using a simple brass caliper for the past two years I finally forked over the money for a real caliper.		WOW! This is just incredible. It's so easy to read in any light and reading is QUICK. The scale is perfect for a woodworker.		My only complaint, is that it's too expensive to leave lying around or try to stick in my back pocket, so I have to always use the case. I guess that's the trade off over a manual sliding caliper that cost $10. This isn't really a complaint as much as a heads-up if you think this will 100% replace a cheap caliper. I still find myself pocketing the old one for rough jobs.		UPDATE ----- 11/21/2013	I've been using this caliper for over six months now and I absolutely love it. I find myself using it more and more - and for new kinds of tasks. Taking a measuring with it is simply enjoyable. I appreciate the quality, fit and feel each time, which reminds me that I made a good purchase. I've now stopped using my cheap caliper and have promoted the Starrett to full duty.
0,Fast Delivery and Just asI expected it to be
0,I do like these things a lot but the problem that i have is they are real easy to flop around while adjusting your work piece. They are still much better than doing without anything. Before i would put something soft between the jaws of my vise to keep from marring the work piece, these vise jaws  have take care of that. Maybe they need a little stronger magnet, anyway i would recommend these vise jaws.
0,Really comes in handy . If you do auto wire repairs this is the best way to insulate any splice connections. Okay, I suggest 3M splice connectors wrapped in this stuff. I don't own stock in either company.
0,Works as advertised
0,Hey its not great, but is decent tape.  About on par or a little better than the HF (Horrible Fright) stuff.
0,Great Product, People, Service!!!! Would definitely Recommend this product to anyone!!!!!!!
0,This non skid tape is wonderful. It will stop my pet from slipping going down the deck stairs and me also. It goes down easily and in fact I just received more rolls for other areas.......the price beats all and it's made in the USA.
0,as expected
0,as advertised
0,Works as advertised
0,Product was as advertised, quality seems good.
0,The glass is flawless and the edges are soft.  The tip is small for an accurate and consistent drop size.  They are long enough to fit into my 1oz amber bottles and the bulb is just the right volume to fill the glass 1/2 to 3/4 full without slurping solution into the bulb.  They work great, what else can I say about a dropper?  I have not really put them through their paces nor have they stood the test of time but the glass is nice.
0,I applied this to the floors of my airplane.  It was easy to work with and cut easily with box-cutters.
0,This stiff does stick really good. I used it to keep my handle bars from slipping off as they've gotten loose with age, because it expands as it dries.
0,First time ever that I have found gloves to fit my small hands.  Well worth the price.
0,Had some emi problems I found with toner coming from noisy alarm line, wrapped it in this, and grounded it to chassis noise gone!
0,as described
0,in this need time of mass infection , you  must have protection ..great for doing smelly cleanups around the house.. and cutting onions to cook.
0,This is one of the products that I believe to be absolutely essential for modern life. I started using it as the little 1.5" strips they sell in molded containers at Office/Home Depot. I found it so indispensable that I ended up buying it in these 10' rolls. I'm just purchasing my third such roll. The thing that makes it much superior to Velcro is in it's ability to withstand horizontal sheer. For example, I always use it to anchor computer peripherals like USB hubs. When you mount a USB hub to a surface using it, you can plug and unplug USB device cables using one hand (i.e., you don't have to steady it from sliding with the other hand). Velcro kind of works, but Velcro has a tendency to unfasten when you apply too much horizontal force to it. This stuff remains very rigid. Also, it is much easier to get the plastic protector off the adhesive side of this than is Velcro. I'm currently an arthritic 60+ guy with very short fingernails. I can never get the backing off Velcro without my wife's help. This stuff, no problem! I've been using this stuff (and the similar but less rigid hold 250/250 3M product) for over 5 years and I have never used Velcro again since I first tried it. You probably wouldn't want to use this as a clothing fastener because of its overall rigidity (in that case use Velcro), but if you want to fasten something securely to a flat surface (even one that is not smooth) this is the stuff to use.  The rule of thumb in deciding between the 400/170 and 250/250 products is susceptibility to horizontal sheer.  For mounting things that hang or have a tendency to slide (like a smooth-bottom USB hub on a Formica desktop) the 400/170 product is better.  For mounting something that gets removed regularly, like a radar detector on a car dashboard, or the opening flap on a rifle cover, the 250/250 product is probably better because it is easier to separate the dual-lock attachment..
0,Great Product
0,I cannot live without this stuff.  This should be part of everyone's zombie apocalypse kit.  As a dedicated handyman, inventor, and home maintenance technician (unofficial), I use this stuff all the time.  It gives you just enough working time that you don't have to hold something in place too long, if it can't be comfortably clamped.  It's strong, and sticks to almost anything.  This 8 oz size is the bomb.  It seems to have a really good shelf life, I had my last bottles for over a year.
0,Never used one till recently, and I found it works great at keeping the taps straight as a grizzly bears dic,	this spring loaded tool is well made.
0,sometimes when using power heads I find it tricky or hard to get the head on and off to change attachments. The first think I noticed about the Panasonic is how easy it was to change out the head for the attachments. There is a crevice tool, brush, and small head with a beater for stairs, car, and other smaller spaces.		In our house we have a plush kitchen carpet, thinner flat construction grade carpet in the bedrooms, ceramic tile floors with grout in the kitchen/dining room and family room, and then area carpets, some textured, some smoother.		The Panasonic easily switches from floor to carpet, the on/off button and switch is on the handle, something else I really like, and then you can toe tap to change for carpet height.		The cord is retractable and has a generous cord length.		The nozzle is large and it's easy to get under furniture as it goes flat. The attachments are right on the front of the handle for easy change outs.		The Panasonic is a touch heavier than my dirt devil for carrying upstairs, but it's not super heavy and it works great. The container is easy to empty.		Overall I truly like this vacuum and will use it often.
0,Great price point. Easy to use. and the tape appears to be a bit thicker than the similar Scotch Shipping Tape I had been using. The dispensers are similar, but the Duck Brand was a bit more user friendly in my opinion. Recommended!
0,Good quality, and accurate.
0,works very well on pc's for cleanup.
0,The price is fair and the staples work great.
0,Good bang for the buck and the variety is great. I have used most of these and the metal is not cheesy.
0,Good for the price
0,Love this. Track humidity and temp. I can't live without it.
0,Works great.
0,if you need an inexpensive line splitter that works  you found it.
0,I use this with my Micro M3D and I love it. It is much better that the M3D PLA. It is a nice bright color and looks great.
0,No problems
0,If i had to come up with something to whine about - it would be that the capacity of my p635 nailer could take about 20ish more pins than one of these rows of pins - so it would be possible to refill less often if the strips of pins were longer. I appreciate the design of the box - and the tool in general - and the tech support team is wonderful.
0,This is the strongest magnet I have EVER used. I have to use pliers to remove anything that sticks to it, so I keep the bubble wrap always around it.
0,Have started buying this and forsaking other caulking.  Only thing is when it's saturated after rain or in trouble spots sometimes it turns white then returns to clear.
0,Great kit of standoffs. Well made. Universal.
0,Perfect...
0,Thick and sturdy walls, calibrations are clear and easy to read.
0,Just what I was looking for. I'm no machinist, but I do tinker quite a bit and these blocks will come in handy. Fairly well machined and solid. Recommend.
0,works
0,Securely holds pieces for pattern trimming, cutting and shaping.  Pieces separate easy when you want them to. Very little residue left behind when removed
0,great
0,So far this is my favorite filament for my Da Vinci Junior. There's only a limited number of colors available for the Jr right now (black, natural, yellow and green), and I'm liking the results I get with the green the best so far. My spool loaded just fine and prints well. Note that each of these spools of filament also come with a sensor chip that works with the printer. So be sure you change out that chip as well, when you load your new spool of filament.		The photo I added to my review is a (working) duck call I made for my husband with my printer. To make this project I used the green PLA filament available in this listing, as well as black Da Vinci Junior PLA filament.
0,Nice color. And a perfect size to carry my home made tinctures.
0,Good stuff for Birkenstocks.  About the only stuff that really works.
0,Great product. Exactly as described. Great quality. Would purchase again.
0,Does what it was designed to do. Enough said.
0,EXCELLENT PURCHASE
0,So far so good, decided to keep one of my two nozzles original and use this one for the fast stuff and the hot stuff, but will use the original ptfe side of my dual setup for more intricate slower prints. Reason being, the all metal hotend's down side is heat creep, so slower prints become less predictable as the filament becomes overlheated from spending too long in the extended hot region (from heat creep).	There are methods of tuning that account for this phenomenon, but I haven't tried them.
0,Exactly what I needed to put up some things on our dry wall. What's amazing is this cost me the prices if I were to buy 2 screws from a hardware store.
0,Perfect
0,excellent for bread boards
0,good tool
0,Perfect for oil recycling.  Got tired of my re-purposed 5 gallon paint pail and stumbled on this.  Has a much more practical shape, better spout, and larger opening.		Update:  Loving this for oil recycling.  With the marks on the sides I can get a a pretty accurate gauge of how much oil I drained from the vehicle.  The big cap allows me to dump my drain pain without using a funnel so there's one less thing to clean.  And when I take it to be dumped there's really nowhere to catch oil and leave a mess.  Very easy to wipe off any drips on the outside.
0,As advertised great glue
0,I purchased several of these for under 3-bucks each and thats better than the home center and I didn't have to drive 40-miles. I use these extensively in an above ground watering system covering about an acre with 1 & 3/4" poly pipe thats fed from a pump in an irrigation canal. I use the valves to establish zones so I don't have to run around turning spray rotors on and off. it stays above ground so I can easily move it as our gardening patters change but everything except the rotors stays out there year round and these valves have yet too fall apart or be destroyed by our long hot high dessert summers. Good valve for the price and much better than the PVC stem valves that started leaking under my sink after a few uses.
0,3M makes great products.  Great durability and great adhesives.  This item is no different.  The black/yellow 'DANGER' pattern is a great way to tape down cords, sharp edges, obstacles, but also a great way to make your house/garage look like a Mythbusters set!
0,I got mine for $50 when it was listed as the deal of the day on Amazon.  But I see it's only ~$70 now.		I've owned a couple of different power screwdrivers, and never bought a "high end" brand before, mostly because of the cost.  This Milwaukee model is well worth it.  Built like a tank, has torque and speed settings and a seperate lock lever.  Pistol grip or straight.  Comes with 2 batteries and a charger.		Highly recommended.
0,This is an accurate, well-made tool with a lot of good, usable features. I especially like the large, easy-to-read digital indicator -- big enough to read easily, but not TOO big and/or bulky.	 Has ON/OFF button.	 Comes in a gray, padded, plastic case -- with an extra CR2032 Battery.	 Includes Operating Instructions & Parts Manual.	 There's room in the case for small Silica Gel Packs (not included) to help protect against moisture damage.	 An excellent value at under 30 dollars.
0,These little guys are the heart of my spectroscope, without them I would be hard put to measure and calibrate my lasers.
0,Great wire very usefully
0,A good dial indicator for my needs, I use it to level the print bed on my 3d printer (Creality CR10s). It is accurate and a little on the cheap side of construction but it suits my needs very well. I printed a frame to mount it on my printer from Thingiverse. It was cheap and 3D printers love cheap stuff!
0,Good stuff, good price.	Small roll for the glove compartment
0,This 40 grit flap disk is great for course polishing and then to follow up with a really high grit flap disk.  I recommend getting a higher grit (120 grit or even higher) for fine polishing.  Safety equipment include gloves, protective glasses and dust mask.		Flap disks are glued "sandpaper" pieces.  This one is set so that about 20% of the fold is exposed at any one time.  That means one flap disk will last at least 5 times as long as a comparable flat disk.  In practice I found they do better than that.		This flap disk is loaded on the grinder just like a flat disk.  The part that the retaining nut fastens onto is low, so it will work with a grinder that handles the same 4.5" diameter disk.  You don't need to use the backing plate though since one is already molded onto each of the disks in this set.		These disks can be used to take rust off metal with relative ease.  The process throws off incredible sparks.  3M flap disks use zirconia alumina, a tough aluminum with about 15% zirconia that adds up to 4 times as much strength to regular alumina.  I recommend this flap disk set for coarse metal grinding.
0,Excellent.
0,They work just fine but man are they tiny,  Much smaller than I expected.
0,exactly what was needed
0,good
0,Worked perfectly
0,I have a German Shepherd who sheds enough hair to build her own dog every week.  I had gotten used to having hair everywhere, all the time.  Thought it was inescapable, until now!  I got this vacuum and I can whip in out in seconds and have the downstairs ship shape in no time.  It is powerful and lightweight, which I need.  It's small enough to stick easily in a closet or corner without being in the way.  The power cord wraps easily without any bending, which can cause me great pain.  Emptying the cup is easy, too.  I couldn't believe how much dirt it picked up!		I've only had it a few days and will update if I run into any problems.  But right now, I'm in love!  LOL  I DID buy an extra filter since it really fills up the holes with dirt.  I want to be able to use it each day and rinse the filter.  Having 2 allows a day for each filter to dry before putting it back in.		So glad I got it!  Awesome!  Thanks, Hoover!
0,Easy to use and work great.
0,Great Velcro .. I use them to tie cables all the time.		Excellent seller! FAST shipping, HIGHLY recommended! Thank you! AAA+++
0,Keeps things in place
0,All boards came as advertised. They do have a sort of wax protecting the copper that you'll need to clean up before trying to etch it. I'm not sure how thick the Cooper layer is but it hasn't been an issue for me so far on peeling or lifting from the board.
0,These are great.  Never jam.		I would order again
0,Good PLA for 3D printer.
0,Good thermometer. I use it regularly in my kitchen checking internal meat temps. I like it and recommend it as well.
0,Works great.  I wish the C-clamp portion had a bit more depth and height to be able to secure it further in on a bench or table.  However, once tightened and secured on the bench or table, it works great.
0,Lots of pretty colors, thought I was having flashbacks of watching Fantasia...
0,I have never used these very thing blades before but so far they have worked much better than Dewalt and other brands from HD
0,great color good price prints well
0,Makes holes works well
0,I spray Hornady One Shot Case Lube in a gallon ziplock, add my pistol brass, and shake it up. My Dillon press loves this product, and so do I!
0,works good for now but will update a year later
0,Have not used yet but appears to be good quality.
0,This solid state relay is the ONLY ssd that I didn't have to replace after just a few months of use.  I'm running 36 amps at 220 volts through each relay.  They initially run in the ON state for about 15 minutes while my powder coat oven warms up then they pulsed between a quarter of a second to half a second depending on oven temp rise needed for about 18 hours a day 7 days a week.  I will defiantly be using these for all applications going forward.
0,Worked great ... easy to go on .. seals very well ...
0,I will order this cap soon, for my AC fan motor.  What I did was build a solid state relay circuit using two SSRs to replace a spdt relay, which is loud upon start up.  I already tested it out and it would not run the fan motor, even though the light was on on the SSR.  I thought I had messed up but I kept researching until I found a circuit diagram on Wikipeadia.  It was just what I needed too.  So I will order and install this  and also will wire into it the SUPCO hard start relay capacitor (or start capacitor).  I will update when and if I'm successful.		Update:  (pending)
0,1) Elmers "Ultimate High Performance" is a Polyurethane (PU) glue and it's as good as Gorilla (another PU Glue) (As far as I can tell) but cheaper. also used the PL brand glue and can't tell any notable difference between the three. Have not used Sumo and from what I understand it sets up faster and as a result apparently has a much more limited shelf life (this is generally not a good thing - see item #2)		2) This has a limited shelf life and you probably don't need as much as you think. PU glue foams up and you use a LOT less than other types of glue. 4 oz should be more than enough for most people, 8 oz is a BIG bottle - I can't even imagine buying the 16 oz bottle. PU Glues suck moisture out of the air so unless you plan on using it up within a year or two, a LOT is going to go to waste. Don't ask me how I know this.		3) PU Glue is FANTASTIC for lots of things but woodworking glues are still better for woodworking. They are stronger and you can't clean PU glues up with water the way you can even with the waterproof Titebond products. Also if you use biscuits you will have to moisten them separately to get them to swell.		4) KEEP OUT OF REACH OF CHILDREN AND ANIMALS! PU glue is waterproof and will swell and harden inside the digestive tract creating a blockage. There is NO antidote and surgery is typically the only solution. There have been MANY cases - just search Google "Dog Gorilla Glue" Wear gloves (rubber or vinyl) and use lots of wax paper.		5) Aliphatic wood glues (Like Titebond II) are still better for wood to wood bonding. Fine Woodworking did a test (Issue #192) and found Polyurethane glues to be about half as strong.		[...]		If you've found this review helpful, please let me know!
0,Works great and I love the clip and magnet.
0,I would recommend this tape to anyone that ships a lot		Stays well and keep boxes secure... very dependable closure to this tape
0,I have and love a Monoprice Select Mini V2 3d printer. There are alot of different modifications/upgrades that can help make it print like a million dollars and this Mk8 beautiful Gold Aluminum Extruder is one of them. Installation took about 30 minutes and I found unless your bearing is shot, reuse the stock one so you don't have to use a torch getting it off. I am now creating a part that will allow flexible filament or might try sticking the ptfe tubing through both sides to eliminate the space. Nice extruder and highly recommend!
0,works with ease
0,Works for me
0,ok
0,Perfect for storing our homemade vanilla extract!
0,it work so well
0,works good
0,as advertised
0,Overpriced? Maybe a bit. I purchased an extra cartridge so i'm able to easily swap temperatures on the Da Vinci 1.0. Now I have one programmed with factory extrusion temp and one with a little hotter settings for my other filaments.  It'll get the job done if all you want is to load and print! Plenty of pretty colors to choose from (eventually).
0,works
0,I gave this a 4 because I wanted it for my collection. This is just a big chunk of Magnesium with irregular sides and sharp edges.		So this is what I did to get a collection piece and shavings for starting fires.		Use a jig saw with a "wood" blade and cut through it a few times. Setup on a table somehow to where you can catch the shavings. If you catch them all, you should have a substantial amount of shavings after a short period. Like with aluminum it sometimes will clog up the blade, but the "clogs" seem to come out easily. Anyway the "shavings" from these jig saw cuts start on fire very easily. Be careful, they make a hot fire.		Or, do like I did, and cut a smaller rectangular piece first. You can grind and sand the edges and make a pretty piece to add to any collection you may have. I then cut the extra pieces and made them into "shavings" with the jig saw. It worked pretty well.	Fire Ext. or smother with dirt. GL		Edit: I just found out Magnesium will burn the CO2 in a standard Fire Ext. Gotta use a Class D Extinguisher. But sand works on a small fire.
0,the only thing thats a pain is getting stuff off of the reel, the box works very well, comes with tons of labels and the doors are very secure
0,As all Hornady products,  This is a great lube.  Works fantastic
0,For some reason couldn't find this locally.  Had some electrical boxes where they used crimp splices (illegal), but the wire was so short couldn't strip and put wire connectors on.  Put this tape on which is insulating and for what this needed.  I have used this stuff on 660 volt high amp pumps in the past so knew what I wanted just not where to get it.  This differs from standard black electrical tape in that it is more rubber than tape.
0,Excellent material. Thin and flexible great addhisive backing with the magnet working very well for my project. I highly recommend.
0,I used a little of this to finish up a carbon fiber dash kit and cutouts stuck great. No movement, just make sure you place item where you want it, on harder items it is difficult to remove and replace.
0,yeah I put the stuff under and around my window when I install the window AC unit each summer.  It fills the gaps created by inconsistencies in my old 1948 windows without exception!
0,Great price.  Brand new product.
0,ITEMS WERE RECIEVED ON TIME--ITEMS WERE EXACTLY WHAT I EXPECTED--NO PROBLEMS --WILL ORDER AGAIN WHEN NEEDED
0,I use these little pads on the backs of large photo display frames. They just peal and stick in place and don't come loose.
0,SUPER handy to keep around the house!
0,This is my 2nd Bissell in over a decade of use. They are great for the price!
0,Hose clamps, they don't strip easy.
0,Finally, an inexpensive monitor that does what its manufacturer says it will do. I have three and they are surprisingly consistent without any sort of calibration. Clear readout, nice, big numbers. Would buy again. A bargain.
0,Perfect
0,they work fine
0,When you live in the country, or the suburbs for that matter, you have need of a gas can-- for the lawnmower, chainsaw, etc. The plastic ones you are likely to encounter in your local big-box or hardware store have evolved a bit over the years, and not for the better. "Safety" concerns have given us nozzles that require more agility than I have to pour, twist and push at the same time. I am about twice as likely to spill gas using one of these--where is the safety advantage? Also, prices have gone up to the point where the typical plastic 2.5 gallon gas jug will set you back $20, and then again when you have to buy another one because the nozzle broke..... I saw these Just Rite galvanized cans here on Amazon, and the price was pretty good, especially for what it turns out is a lifetime investment. This thing works so well, and easily, and is so well designed-- my sister-in-law thought it belonged in the kitchen, on display, instead of in the garage! I bought 2 sizes and am totally pleased. Can I gave it more stars?????
0,This is a nice little box for organizing and storing slides which is has become interesting to my grandson.  It was a gift for him.
0,VERY strong magnets. I have them on the side of my fridge and they will hold a LOT of weight. However, these do NOT fit coffee cup or mugs, the hooks are goo small. But they work great for utensils and anything else that will hook onto them. A very easy organizing solution!
0,I will buy more from amazon. It is a great product!!! And I have tried 4 brands so far this one is stable, no breaks, or bubbles in the print!!!	Like I said the best I have worked with so far! Smooth and has a nice shine after! With this product I have not had but 1 jam out of 300+ prints.	Trust me order from amazon though.
0,This product does what it's supposed to.
0,This is one of those simple items that you have to have...and wished you invented it. It does exactly what it says and makes carrying sheet goods by yourself a much easier job.
0,Handy!  Handy!  Husband needed it to measure the temperature of the steel when painting in the winter time.  I have used it to measure the temperature of my coffee before drinking.  Lets me know if I need to add some ice or not - lol!  Anyway its handy for a lot of things.
0,Good pressure guage
0,these are WAY better then the ones that come with the rivet tool. the ribbing makes them really bit in too. i will be buying again.
0,Delivered as advertised
0,Works great. Highly recommended
0,Can harley even see these almost invisible!
0,These are just about the perfect cleaning wipes. It isn't hard to find something to use as a wipe, but it is almost impossible to find wipes for certain kinds of surfaces. I have been able to use these both to clean glass surfaces and on LED screens. To be honest, I don't know if the latter is recommended, but the wipe I used appeared to do a great job on my computer screen, laptop screen, and even the screen of my flatscreen television.		What makes these so remarkable is the complete absence of lint of any kind. I haven't been able to detect any particulate matter whatsoever. Contrast this with bathroom tissue, which leaves tiny but numerous little specks behind when you use them.		These are not cheap for household users, but a package used strategically could last a very long time and help in cleaning surfaces that might otherwise represent a challenge in cleaning. I highly recommend this in cleaning those more difficult smudges you see on TVs, marble surfaces, glass, computer screens, and the like.
0,Thanks 32stmallInc  this 1.75mm filament works great and was a very well priced product.
0,While the full head was not for me, the compact head brushes are more comfortable for me and and acceptable,I still prefer the narrow head over all. The whitening cups are really just a gimmick to me, as they don't seem to make a difference. I have no problem keeping the toothpaste on the brush, and find no need for these things. I would rather have more bristles. These tongue scrapers don't do anything for me, and I find that they are not effective. I am morecomfortable using the brush bristles. Still, if a narrow brush is too small, and the full heads are too large, this one might be  just right. Just don't expect the "cups" to remove stains more than a regular brush.....I did not notice any difference, both in appearance and feel.
0,Great quality, would buy again.
0,great price, as advertised
0,Works well and accurate.  Easy to use and calibrate as needed.
0,This is my second set they are non marring and now I got both of my vises covered.
0,Great beakers! Great price!	Karter makes it easy to have a working lab that you can actually afford. Teach yourself (and your children) about science and chemistry. It's actually a lot of fun.
0,This unit is a wonderful product. It saves me time and energy when testing my aquarium water. Now I do not need vials, and test strips or fluids. Just dip it into the tank water and it read accurately and immediately. Just purchase some 7.0 calibration fluid to use in case the unit shifts reading.	I have never had to re-calibrate. Make certain you wash the sensor area after each use with clean water.
0,I got this tape hoping it could be decoration on an industrial looking MAME video game case and I was not disappointed at all.  The tape has a great vinyl feel to it and it molded to the texture of the siding beautifully.  the yellow and black pattern is far more vibrant than I was hoping for and it is doing the job perfectly of adding a colorful accent to the cabinet.		Time will tell how it will wear, but I have very high hopes for my use as it should not see a lot of wear.  It unrolls and sticks like butter.  I really love this tape, although I'm not sure what I'll do with the remaining 20 or so yards.  I'm finding myself looking for possible hazards to mark with it.
0,Item delivered on time, was as described
0,METAL WAY TO GO
0,Awesome value,  useless tweezers,  sadly missing the 100g weight that would make the kit complete. I bought a 100g weight hoping i could modify the box to fit it into the space that seemingly was made to fit it so that i could have a complete set that I could use to calibrate my new 200g scales. (both of which need 200g but one of which needs both 100g and 200g)		I used a razor knife to separate the inner frame from the box, pulled out the inner frame from the box, then i used a forstner bit size 7/8 to drill the bottom out of the 100g spot. The foam in the lid was too tight for the box lit to close w/o distorting it so i used a 5/8 fortner bit turned backwards by hand on the foam to cut a nice circle, using the same trick i cut a circle in a piece of smooth cardboard and pressed down on the foam so the cut circle would 'pop up' through the cardboard and used an extendable razor knife to slice off about 80% of the thickness of the foam; now i  have a complete set including 100g individual weight and enough other weights i can easily calibrate my two 200g scales.		I managed to 'tiddly wink' one of the 20mg weights across the room and lost it and am pretty sure the kit came with a 5mg weight that went missing on first use; so word to the wise be very careful opening the ziplock bag with the micro weights!		My new scales have 0.01g precision and all the weights appear to be well within 0.01g tolerance as i've been getting exactly repeatable measurements.		the mg weights could be made better and with consistency (e.g. all stainless steel so they won't disappear in the presence of a magnet) and it would be *really nice* considering the size of them and the negligible cost, that there might be some spares! That said it would be a solid 5 stars if it had the mystery 100g spot filled with a 100g weight and if the tweezer included wasn't pointlessly useless (wouldn't open enough to pick up the 5g weight and broke when trying to stretch it open big enough to do so, also wouldn't grab the mg weights so really literally useless). Super happy on the purchase and would most definitely buy again. (and modify again and through out the useless tweezer again)
0,I needed specific fittings for a the aluminum intake manifold on an engine I'm building. After looking at every hardware and plumbing store in town I finally turned to Amazon. Anderson Metals had exactly the fittings I needed and the price was very reasonable. The quality is excellent as well.
0,Housekeeping is very pleased with this vacuum. They like its versatility, being able to lift away and use on steps.
0,I bought this with my 3D Printer and it has worked great!  I will buy more colors soon.
0,I like these vinyl gloves because I can take them off and reuse them another time many times. Perfect for dying leather.
0,Arrived on time and in good shape. Very easy to put together. Only tool needed is a phillips screwdriver. Handle, wheels. and casters need put on. Total time it took me was under 10 minutes. Retractable cord feature is nice and comes with all the attachments you'll ever need. Suction is pretty good, it sucked up loose change off the floor. I bought this to clean my cabin and it sucked up all the leaves, mud and dirt clumps with no problem. Holding cannister is light weight and easy to empty when full. All and all I give this vacuum 5 stars.......as long as it doesn't quit on me.  I only used it one time before writing this review. I will update if any problems develope.
0,awesome product:)
0,Good Item works good
0,Tape is thick, crystal clear and easy to use.  EZ start is true, and it doesn't get stuck to itself as badly as a cheaper thinner tape.  Good quality, however, the price is a bit high for such a small roll.
0,Grizzly makes good stuff; however, the delivery is very slow.
0,These are great lil' discs for cutting metal. I've used them for years in my trade (Pipefitter/Welder). Please be careful to wear your protective gear while using these though...gloves, face shield.....etc. They will do some damage to you if they were to come apart. I would hope that anyone that buys these  will already be aware of the hazards. Beside that, these discs work great for what they are designed for.
0,Excellent better than our dyson and lighter
0,Perfect for my eliquids, just made a few bottles as soon as it arrived, tried them on my dripper, the flavor is now amazing with 70/30 blends like I like them.  Will definitely buy again.
0,Great product. Thanks
0,Easy to use once you do some practice runs...stays accurate as long as well maintained.
0,Heavy enough for dryer vent repair and taping where heat is a factor
0,great filament. love this brand never any problems prints great. great color
0,perfect fit and much cheaper then what the stores here want
0,Working well, good price.
0,I use these syringes to fill my black and color printer cartridges. They do the job. I use them once then discard them. They are perfect for refilling my printer cartridges.
0,BUY THE BEST OR SUFFER LIKE THE REST
0,Nice cheap product bought for son to test equipment for school . But it's not what was expected only does 100 hz
0,Works as advertised.  Would buy again if needed.  Some filament spools' holes are too small.  I had to cut several wider to fit.
0,good product
0,More than I'll need in a lifetime, but I guess it's nice that I'll never need to buy them again. They fit like a charm.
0,arrived early. works great.
0,good
0,The cart is very strong and sturdy.		One complaint:  Made well except for one area of the cart; that is the 'squared punch outs' in the bottom of the cart which are supposed to accept the 'squared' portion on the underside of the Carriage bolts.  That squared punch out is way too large to accept the bolts.  The bolts will only spin when attempting to tighten the nut.  I had to insert the bolt upwards- through the caster wheel flange into the bottom of the cart.  And although, this works, its bad for a few reasons:  namely, the bolts protruding will punch holes in boxes and critical equipment hauled in the bottom of the cart. Secondly, its just a bad design and not how it's supposed to be done.		Other than that, its a great cart.  Love it!
0,Works great at keeping the muscle stim pads sticky and conductive. It extends the life of a set of pads by ~20 uses. After that you'll still need to get new pads but you're extending the life by 2-3x!
0,no problems
0,Kinda a stupid thing to buy, didn't even need it after all, and since I cut it can't return it.
0,Powerful and heavy duty! Removes funk and rust with ease!
0,The  Best  for  Hanging  anything  ,,easy  to  use,  better  then  the  Plastic  ones..
0,When I got into 3d printing, I asked a friend who has already 2+ years in 3d printing, what is the best filament to use. He recommended Hatchbox brand. I bought some of Hatchbox and he is right it is a good brand. However, I was having a hard time getting all the colors I wanted from them, so I read some review about this brand. I liked some of the reviews and decided to give it a try. My first print was on Hatchbox settings and I did have some messed up prints. I tweaked the extruder heat and the bed heat and got now the perfect setting. I have a Qidi Tech (Flashforge china duplicate) and love it. Set the extruder to 197c and the bed to 62-64.		My prints came out awesome. The feel is soft and the colors are bright, but not over shiny. Love all the colors. Just ordered more.		This review is repeated for all colors I bought
0,a great selection of screws
0,Does its job of holding your stuff and not taking up a lot of space.  It's well-made and doesn't wobble on your pegboard or anything.
0,I've used this type of wire connection many times in recessed lighting, but now these are all I use in wiring boxes. They save so much room and hassle and almost ends using "pig tails".
0,This dry lube is the way to go.  I used to roll my rifle cases in a pad with the RCBS lube on it.  What a mess that was.	My fired cases also clean up better and faster.		I'm going for the spray bottle next time.
0,PERFECT! best description, perfect color, not too shiny like hatchbox, and not dull like 3D4U, high quality will be my "GO TO" filament
0,I use these for essential oils, they are perfect because essential oils can wear away at plastic. I bought mini test tube brushes to clean them. Makes them very easy to clean.
0,I wish i brought one yrs ago
0,I cannot say enough good things about this printer.		I have been using this for the last few months making production parts for a small startup. It is incredibly reliable and I consistently print for 10+ Hrs between bed swaps and run two of these batches daily.		The perf-board beds make all the difference. They require no maintenance and are easy to remove parts from. You get 3 and this allows for rapid swaps. The printer software even has a "print again" command that simply repeats the print. You need a computer to do send the command, but you don't have to re-send the file which means less time spent near the printer.		From what I gather this printer works best with ABS. The only negative reviews seem to be with PLA. I don't print in PLA ever, but can imagine problems arising when switching between the two filaments, especially when the perf-board is considered		Ive used a Lulzbot Taz 4.0 and have to say, without this printer I would have thought ABS was impossible to print with. This situation is more of a complete failing of lulzbot with their hot ends (purchased January 2015 and it is incapable of printing in ABS). That printer is over $2k so I was sure it was a failing of the material. If you get the UPmini, say goodbye to wholesale delamination and parts detatching from the bed or preparing the bed in whatever way.		ABS printing IS DANGEROUS in terms of fumes. The enclosure seems to cut down on some of the smell. I added a little carbon scrubber on the top of the machine (See picture) This seems to help a lot in reducing the smell. I still don't print in my home and instead print remotely in a small work trailer with an exhaust fan. Do not use this in a place where people spend a significant amount of time.		Will likely add more details but overall I highly recommend this printer.
0,Nice little Variac.  3 amps is small as far as Variacs go but it it is plenty for powering most devices up to a quiescent state.
0,They work
0,I rarely have any issues with PLA, ABS, or PET sticking to the build plate since I installed this.  Makes printing easy.
0,I have been homebrewing for almost a year now and have many successful 5 gallon batches under my belt.  When I first started, I used the plastic bottle my hydrometer came in as a test jar, but that was less than ideal as the cheap thin plastic was not very strong and the base was not very stable when I stood it on the counter full of beer.  After upgrading to this model I have been much happier with the results.  The base is wide so I don't have to worry about the thing tipping over and the clear plastic is very sturdy.  An added bonus is that the base unscrews from the clear barrel so that both can be washed and sanitized.		My only complaint about this testing jar is that its width equates to more volume and that means more beer lost each time I do a test.  So in a roundabout way, it has forced me to take fewer gravity readings, which probably isn't a terrible thing!  Highly recommended.
0,Exactly What I needed
0,they hold well
0,Good price for these raintight connectors
0,Perfect
0,I USED THESE THE DAY THEY WERE DELIVERED
0,I kinda felt screwed by this product.
0,Item as described.
0,Awesome stuff...made drilling and tapping a inlet on my intake manifold go perfectly!
0,This is a decent set of beakers at a good price. They arrived in great shape -- each beaker was in a separate box, the three small boxes were in another box, which was, in turn, in a shipping box. Not a scratch on any of them even though I'm sure the delivery people tossed the box around.		The markings are clear and easy to read. My only complaint is that the glass is very thin. I'm using these for DIY vaping mixtures, so the glass won't be subjected to heat. Even so, you have to be careful when washing them since the glass is so thin that I doubt it would survive any level of rough handling.		I'd also suggest getting a set of these for scraping out every bit of your mix from the beaker:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Tovolo-Mini-Spatulas/dp/B0078ZPAP0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Tovolo Mini Spatulas</a>&nbsp;Both fit perfectly in every size of the 3 beakers.
0,Works quite nicely in a classroom to look at the fluorescent lights.  CFLs of show strong mercury lines.  I used it on some small neon lamps, but that is a very complex spectrum.  Incandescent lamps are boring but pretty.  You can read the nanometer wavelengths of the CFL mercury lines well enough.
0,Exactly what I need for electronics hobby.  Reasonable price.
0,Delivered in time and works good.
0,Great product. But out of the 4 that I have bought, one had a magnet come off of it. I use them in a greenhouse also and one got a bit wet and is hard to read. Wish they had one that would be for outside use and better weatherproof.
0,Nice little thing; accurate, easy to use. 1 push of a button changes the temp from C to F. Hard to write a review about something so simple and small and works as advertised.
0,I love Gorilla glue.  If i want something to stay forever i generally use it.  You just need to account for the fact that it will expand as it dries.  So make sure that there is room for that otherwise it may ooze out of whatever you're gluing.
0,great value on workhorse sensor to transistor switching
0,Performs as advertised. Quick shipping
0,Works as advertised
0,As described
0,always great
0,Hose clamps, I don't know what else to say.
0,I now have several of these and have found that they are quiet accurate and Sturdy!  Absolutely no Complaints from a happy Customer
0,If you want a gas can that's "built to last" than I highly recommend Justrite products to all Amazon customers.  I enjoy these so much that I bought cans for everybody in my family as a holiday gift that will last & keep'em safe.  Additionally, as a US Steelworker, l admire the all steel no plastic construction.  Another thing I like is the cork wood seal under the cap & the ultimate fact its made here in the USA.
0,Only the best!		Silver is a great conductor. I even use it to re-seat GPU heatsinks.
0,well built, nice surface, and long ground cable made it easy to ground the mat and hide the cabling.
0,NICE QUALITY OF METAL CUT IS PRETTY CLEAN
0,Great easy install cuts water pressure and stops water hammer
0,Great product :}
0,SO easy to work with.  Hatchbox opaque colors are still the absolute best PLA on the market.
0,Easily the best ABS available. Don't be cheap, spend the money on good material. It makes a huge difference and you can avoid damaging your machine. If only they made PLA -_- good thing matterhackers has us covered.
0,Does the job
0,much better quality switches than the first ones I bought.
0,Used to suck water out of washer reservoir and PC water cooling reservoir and works great for both.		Good quality, doesn't feel like it will break anytime soon.
0,I like this Generic 300Pcs M3 Nylon Hex Spacers Screw Nut Stand-off Plastic Accessories Assortment Black/White but would have preferred only the size I like for my pc board work.  Some are much too small for me to mount a board for use and maybe I'll find a use for the small spacers and screws in the future.
0,I find that this Roomba 880,  cleans just as well as the newest Roomba the 980. Of course the 980 is top of the line tech with all its camera and mapping abilities that work wonders. If you would like the cleaning of the 980 without the crazy price tag this would be the way to do it. While not as advanced it does clean well.
0,For the carpentry application I am using it for, it is great.  It is heavy, it takes a lot of pumping, but it gets a floor to move in half a heart beat.  I would definitely purchase again.
0,good product
0,Pretty straight forward setup. I would only advise to remember to save settings when done with setup. Works good.
0,Nice high quality tape for all of our projects.  I use it as well as my husband and would not hesitate to buy it again.
0,Great Purchase
0,real good stuff ! i have no way to strength test it against regular duct tape put the adhesive seems stronger/grippier especially as the tape is wrapped around and stuck onto itself
0,Exactly what I needed for my nursing bag. The color I purchased was frosted ice. Which appears light blue in image above. The true color of surgical tool is like a frost bitten ice cube. Nice color. The scissors feel solid. And comfortable in my hand. Does the job better then I hoped for. I'm very happy with my purchase & I highly recommend it :D
0,Cheap price strong can't go wrong
0,Might want to try one first to see how it looks when it works. Good for my personal jump bag.		Recommended? If you have a large family or perhaps an EMT or Paramedic with their own kit, then Yes.
0,These are exactly as advertised.  Would buy again.
0,Seems good, I do not have a way to test the accuracy
0,Wow i love this Epoxy so much thanks
0,nice fit....I like the shape and slope of the nozzle...the flat seems adequate...no problems so far.
0,Works very well, I keep several extras of these on-hand. They're handy for allot of things (if you're a machinist or mechanic)
0,Perfect!
0,My wife prefers using these to clean her glasses.  She uses several at a time and says they eliminate smears and streaks.
0,good buy
0,The best Dose it all in one,Armorer  Gun Smiths friend,  will not eat my skin off .
0,It' is exactly what they said it was. works fine and was recieved in a timely manner!
0,Exactly as described, shipped perfectly and highly recommended
0,Seem to work well. Six arrived, but 3 were weak lights, as if the battery was dying. I contacted the seller and they immediately issued a full refund. I advised them I'd be happy with 3 replacement lights, but they said I could just purchase again since I had a full refund. Very good customer service. I placed one in my everyday carry (EDC) Maxpedition bag, in my camelback, each of my cars, etc.
0,Item worked fine, smooth, slow rotation.
0,Sturdy boxes for shipping small items - will buy again
0,Love it
0,Use it in the basement along with my dehumidifier and works well. Seems like acurate readings
0,Great vice for my work bench, supper heavy duty.  mine does not rotate smoothly on its base is the only reason I did not give 5 stars
0,Nice heavy duty pack of packaging tape.  Strong and clear, just right for packing heavier boxes.		Also does well for repairing children's boxes, books and toys.
0,Worked great.  Came in a small resealable bag to easily access without worrying about them becoming lost, or falling out when you store them.  Work great for automotive electronic installations.
0,These are good quality. I'm going to setup an aeroponics system or fog ponics with it. will update if I have problems
1,Complete and utter garbage	It came with a faulty thermistor that caused the unit to overheat and melt the first time I tried to use it.	Lesson learned: Don't buy the cheap knockoff print heads like this one.
1,Can really ONLY be used OUTSIDE, in very well-ventilated areas, like OUTSIDE. I will have to use a dust mask, goggles and disposable gloves, and a scarf, so the product doesn't get on me or inhaled...They neglect to say this in their TV commercials, where they show people spraying the stuff without using any gloves or masks. AND it must be stored in a cool, dry place, so watch out if it's hot outside, so you can bring it inside...IF you have air-conditioned space to store it. Keep this far from tings in basements like furnaces, washers and driers, and other motorized appliances. Do not use near ANY flammable or hot objects. ALSO, it STINKS to high heaven, and the stench lasts for days..BUT WORST OF ALL, it DOESN'T WORK!!!! Nothing was "sealed," and I still have the same leaking thing I tried to seal with this JUNK. The vinyl siding crack is still wide open, even though it was a hairline crack. This is JUNK. FALSE advertising would be too kind to describe this stinking spray which sticks the gloves together...thank goodness I thought to WEAR gloves, as this was NOT shown in their false advertising. TERRIBLE!!!! AND NOW my eye is irritated constantly, as they did not say wear goggles, so some must have gotten into my eye and now I need to consult a doctor, as gunk and tears keep coming out of my eyes...TERRIBLE STUFF. DO NOT BUY THIS. The "seal" was not tight and the "clear" shows up looking like spit! Seriously!!!! If my eye dioesn't feel better soon, I migh just sue this company! DO NOT BUY THIS STUFF!!!!!!
1,kit did not come complete! Big hassle to get rest of kit. Bits wear quickly. I will not reorder!!!
1,Not very accurate.
1,Based on a real-world example explained here, I recommend seeking a stronger and more expensive drill bit unless you are drilling a very soft and thin item.		I bought this drill bit to drill 1 3/8" holes (the max diameter of the bit)  through two items made of steel, which also were bought from Amazon. It worked on one of them made of 29 gauge steel, and did not work on the other which is a little-bit thicker, and it is stainless steel. Here are the links to the two items:		1. A 29 gauge steel lid for a bucket (It drilled through without problems):	http://www.amazon.com/Vestil-LID-STL-LL-Steel-Lever-gallon/dp/B0052P1QBU/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&qid=1402917254&sr=8-6&keywords=vestil+bucket		2. A stainless steel cup (It did not drill through the bottom of the cup*):	http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004NG9DUK/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc=1		*Actually, I have persisted drilling, but for people with other options who are not trying to "Escape from Alcatraz," it would not be worth the time and energy. The following is my progress.		The ad for the drill bit states: "Self-starting, no walking and center punch is not required." When I started to try to drill through the center of the bottom of the cup, there was no "self-starting," there was a lot of walking (I presume this means instead of forming a hole where the tip of the drill is applied to the metal, the tip of the drill slips all over the surface without forming a hole). So I got out the center punch, and finally, after about an hour, I was able to focus the tip of the drill bit in a little tiny pin-prick hole in the steel. After about 1/2 hour more of drilling, the hole was visible to the naked eye in a good light.		This was about a week ago. I then thought that, just as a trickle of water eventually can carve the Grand Canyon, so too would this drill bit eventually drill a 1 3/8" hole in the bottom of this cup. Therefore, every day I drill for about 90 minutes while I watch a movie. I am drilling by hand without a drill press,  but I have attached ankle weights to my drill for a less-taxing downward force on the drill bit and steel.		So in a week, my hole has increased to 1/4", and I hope that today I will break through to 3/8." Since the diameters of the holes are in layers on the drill bit, I am hoping that although one diameter may wear out the sharpness of the drill bit, I have proven, with the first 1/4" layer, that after a lot of work it can "break through," then I will start on the next diameter where the drill bit sharpness is brand-new. (Pretty sad that I have this sort of time, but that's another story.)
1,Worked well for about a year and a half then started clogging and theres no way of cleaning the internal parts of the Jets or on off button. Really cheaply made.	.
1,Didn't stop the leak, and I wrapped it so tight the pipe was flexing.
1,I found the temperature measurements for this unit to be way off in the short-term, compared against 3 other extremely accurate units. I expected this thing to update fairly quickly, but in hindsight this unit is better for reading the average temperature and humidity of a room over the course of a day, rather than obtaining a new temperature measurement within minutes. Would not recommend for use with an indoor garden.
1,Product was not as listed. Was not 10 ml and will not fit a rack made for 10 ml tubes as advertised. Had to get another set of tubes in order to get back on track. If correct sizing is important and 10 ml is required these are not what you're looking for.
1,Do some research first if you're thinking about buying this printer. The first one I had worked for 4 days before the extrusion motor stopped working. The replacement stopped powering on after a month of use. The poor quality of these printers combined with horrible customer service from M3D make me regret purchasing this printer. Judging by the amount of complaints against M3D at the Better Business Bureau bbb.org, it appears I'm not the only one who feels this way.		This printer is guaranteed to break on you at some point and will require you to contact M3D. M3D customer support is impossible to contact and generally useless once you do get a reply. They will give you the runaround and ask you to perform pointless troubleshooting on the printer while taking 2-3 days to respond to any messages you might send. After troubleshooting via email inevitably fails, they will ask you to submit an RMA request. Their RMA process is a joke. They will charge you to send in your defective printer and initially promise to send a replacement within 2 days of receiving your defective printer. I've filed two RMAs with M3D and after constant follow-up on my end, the first replacement took 23 days to ship and the second replacement took 29 days to ship.		There are way better printers with much better customer support available for the same price as the M3D Micro. I would recommend staying far, far away from M3D.
1,The printer worked fine for the first few months. The software must have gotten better since the last round of bad reviews. It's nothing amazing and it does fail to slice some stuff off thingiverse, but it usually does a reasonable job. The accuracy seemed pretty good and we enjoyed the parts it made for us.		However, after only 60 hours of printing (that's 20 or so parts on average), the heater in the head stopped working. It's still under warranty, but the company won't even give us the time of day. It's a brick now - or I'l have to void the warranty (which they don't support) to fix it, I guess.		The negative to the software is that if it detects an internet connection, it will automatically download and install the firmware without asking. That's frustrating, since I don't want to be the first adopter in the case of bad firmware (which the company has a reputation of having). They also apparently upload a log of everything you're printing and track your usage. That's creepy. Searching forums about issues, it sounds like they will also remotely disable your printer if you try to use 3rd party filament (by tracking serial numbers) OR EVEN IF SOMEONE ELSE USES 3RD PARTY FILAMENT AND USES YOUR CARTRIDGE NUMBER... That's crazy.		My single biggest fear is that apparently the printer will disable itself if it does get updates via the internet via your computer from the company. If they keep with the bad practices and go out of business... what will happen to all of us when the updates stop coming?		If you do happen to buy it... Just a few tips. Calibrate often. It looses calibration on shipping and periodically. That seems to make the prints come out well. Also, rafts do a TON of good. They help make it so the parts don't curl up when the plastic cools and also gives a good gripping surface when printing. Almost never misprinted if a raft was down.		Update: A month or so later - we've sent the company multiple emails and called them to ask for support on this machine. The company has not once answered their customer service line and are not returning phone calls. They also never respond to emails on any of their public email addressed. Concerning.		Update 5/2015: I've tried over and over to get a hold of someone at the company (Around 3 months of attempts now). I've had to seat and reseat the heating element connectors every few prints - and have had a bunch of prints fail. I've been trying to do only things that would respect the warranty, but this last time, the connector broke apart. Upon inspection, it became obvious that the connector actually melted. Finally, I had to cut the wires and install a better connector. Since the warranty is now void (which was useless anyway, apparently), I'm done buying their filament - from now on, 3rd party is the way to go. No reason to support the company anymore.		The hardware is still decent - sure, some small issues, but they don't support their devices to help get minor problems fixed. Somehow they managed to make an okay printer - but the company really is terrible.
1,Bought this for the kitchen, because non-stick pans fail if overheated. I just tested this against a lab thermometer, and at 315F it reads 257F. No wonder my pans kept dying even while using this tool.
1,people say this is a good intro to 3d printer.  I do agree but not because I think it's a solid little printer.  its a good learning tool because this printer is just so unforgiving and will force the user to research problems.  so that in itself is not a  bad thing..  but the hotend is cheap, the build area is small, the build plate is warped, severe z banding issues, etc, etc, etc..
1,Poor machining, mine had burrs on the inside from when they machined the set screw through hole. Also it has a different outside diameter from my original so if I want to even try to use them I'll need to adjust my extrusion rate.
1,THIS  is NOT a REAL K-type compliant connector.		It is NOT made of Alumel and Chromel which are the metals used in a K-type thermocouple wire.  A REAL connector IS made of CH and AL.		Typically, the plugs have AL and CH stamped on the exposed portion of the blades.  The jacks will say CH and AL also.  On jacks it is printed on the yellow plastic somewhere along with a + and a - for polarity.		AL is MAGNETIC, CH is NOT. If  both of your connector's metal parts ARE magnetic OR both are NOT, THAT is another way to tell your connector is NOT a REAL K connector.		If you use this you absolutely WILL introduce error into your readings because the junctions created by attaching the connectors to the wires and plug will turn this into a thermocouple as well since you will have alumel connected to a DIFFERENT metal, and chromel connected to a DIFFERENT metal... whatever metal IT is.!!!  Real cute in the ad. They CALL it a K-type yet DON'T tell you it isn't made of the correct metals and therefore NOT compliant!		NEVER, EVER, EVER buy this if you want accurate readings from a actual thermocouple.		EXAMPLES:		Scenario A:  T-couple made of Chromel and Alumel connected to Fake Plug which is connected to measuring equipment.  In this configuration, The TC,  as well as the connections IN the PLUG are also t-couple junctions.  The connection IN THE jack is where it SHOULD be.		Scenario B:  T-couple made of Chromel and Alumel connected to Fake Plug which is connected to a Fake Jack which is connected to K-type wire again (extension) which is connected to another Fake Plug which is connected to  measuring equipment.  In this configuration which uses a extension cable, The TC, the connections IN the PLUG AND again IN the jack of the first plug/jack set AND IN the second plug are ALL t-couple junctions!  Heating or cooling any of them WILL change your reading!		IF they all were REAL plugs and jacks, the ONLY places affected by temperature would be the t-couple weld (Sensor) and the JACK of the test equipment and NOTHING else.  Cute how they conveniently omit this fact and still call them K-type no?
1,Broke after 6 months of regular use.  Bought another, hoping it will last but yup this one also broke.  I never dropped either or submerged them in water.  I've had other sonicares last years. Something with this model was cheaply made as many other reviewers brushes also failed.
1,Junk
1,The VT02 has very low resolution on the thermal layer compared to other low end thermal imagers (e.g. Flir I3). No surprise Fluke does not disclose the resolution as it does with its other imagers (an educated guess suggests 16x16, but there is not confirmation from the company). If you consider to buy this product, make sure to watch this eevblog video first http://youtu.be/eHRyQtqg2SE		Edit (June 2014): I ended up getting a FLIR E4 about 6 months ago and am very happy with it. Make sure to check that ginormous thread on eevblog forums with excellent information about the E4.  I implemented a few of the mods suggested there (some may be software version specific) and now having even better image quality and a 3D printed tool to focus a few inches away, inspecting PCB's.		Edit (October 2014): Flir came out with their TG165 which has a low end thermal camera and an IR thermometer and is in the price range of the VT02. You can see it starting at  the 1 minute mark in this video http://youtu.be/oJbgcbedHhI including direct comparison with VT02. The VT02 is clearly inferior.		(I have no connection to Flir, Fluke or to the thermal imaging industry in general, I am just a user).
1,i used it outside in the sun light. it lasted 6 weeks laying on the ground and weighted down on the outsides with plastic nursery pots full of soil. it lasted 6 weeks like this. it then started to crack. the cracks got bigger and longer. it got worse and worse and it got worse fast.		i also experimented with their black sheeting. much the same problem.		this sheeting may work great indoors or in applications where there is no sunlight involved.		in my case i lost my money. this product is a disaster for outdoor applications.
1,worst pan I have ever used, Eggs stuck to the pan like Glue
1,Not bright enough, not very helpful
1,open brand 'new' sealed bottle and all that came out was a fine powder.  Not a single drop of glue in it.  Vendor is unloading massively out-of-date stock.  What a scam Amazoid has become - ZERO quality control or screening of fraudsters.
1,About 1/3 - 1/2 of these clamps failed at the point of installation. I would turn the screw and it would tighten for a while but when I made the "last" turn to make it as tight as I could (where the adjusting screw doesn't turn any more), the screw would just turn freely and the pressure exerted by the clamp would disappear. I've never had a radiator clamp strip before and I'm not a super strong twister of screws. So I was pretty surprised at the rate of failure. I bought several different boxes and several different sizes and had the same general experience with all sizes and lots.		I don't know the nature of the failure. And I don't know whether the clamps that didn't strip are durably strong. But I use them mainly to connect pipe and fittings in an underground irrigation systems. So the cost of fixing a broken clamp is very high in terms of lost water, time to locate the leak, time to dig up the joint and time to redo the original job. I sympathize with the reviewer who lost an engine using these. These clamps have a low price but are very expensive in the long run.
1,BOXWE OF GLOVES DO NO FIT
1,Went through 2-rolls - will never purchase again.		Lets start with stability; I kid you not - (2) printed parts 10mm thick busted right in half while attached to a metal rod being hit by a hammer.  The vibration alone busted the parts right in half.		As for finish; Well, it comes out extremely stringy on the Z-layers.  Didn't seem to bond well.  However, looking at the parts that just fell apart - the center is solid plastic.  Some on here say higher heat, some say lower - any with decent reviews took the time to post extravagant prints.  Do I doubt there legitimacy?  You bet I do.		Usage; Snapping is a serious issue.  Out of all the super cheap different brands I've tried this was the most brittle; snapping within the first hour or two of being idle.  Snaps at the extruder, snaps inside the extruder, snaps at the reel ... snaps everywhere.  You can literally bend it about 15-degrees by hand and snap it.  If I wasn't printing a full roll all at once; I had to disable the extruder just to get all the snapped pieces out to start again.
1,Good contact cement for the price. Works best with non-porous materials. It affects rubber causing it to curl. Directions recommend having materials to be bonded at 65 degrees or more for 24 hours before bonding and for another 72 hours after bonding. I found this a pain as i wanted outside air exchange with the air in my shop to minimize the fumes from the cement.		The work pieces really do need to be clamped with uniform pressure to get good adhesion. I used all my clamps to achieve this and ended up cutting boards to size for use when clamping the pieces to be bonded.		Holding power with neoprene and with rubber bonded to aluminum sheet was not impressive. I had to redo all the edges using VHB tape.
1,Double fold metal(visible at tip of male connector), low quality connector suitable for extremely low voltage connections. Any connection that draws amps, DON't use this low quality item
1,I tried this on a turtle shaped floor lamp that had cracked in half. it didn't work at all, though i had trouble getting it off my fingers.
1,Had to replace many components, beginning with failed controller, then bearings, rails, hot-end, etc. Not finished yet. US seller failed to be helpful (IMO) apart from offer of refund if I returned  the whole machine (not practical). Asian factory was helpful re partial schematic.
1,Prompt shipping. I have only used a few of the larger pieces from this selection, but the ones I did use did not shrink well at all. I had a problem with two of them blistering and I wound up putting a different brand over it to keep it from splitting all the way.
1,4 of 10 motors purchased arrived with bad bearings and 1 with a bent shaft. Two housings required minor machining before an original or replacement bearing would properly seat. Housing from motor with bent shaft was swapped with another that would have required machining to eliminate extra wave washers installed at factory. Two of the functional motors operate at full steps but have issues (didn't explore) that prevent them from accurately positioning and holding during microstepping.
1,The worst feeding PLA I have EVER SEEN, constant tangles, contest ruined prints, I HATE THIS PLA, the other 3 brands and colors I have feed off the roll fine, this one has overlapping issues, were you can actually pick my whole printer up by the spool end and it won't unroll. If I could give it negative stars I WOULD!		When it feeds its a good print, but you have to baby sit this roll like a 1 year old with a knife...		I WILL NEVER EVER BUY THIS AGAIN.
1,The product looks great.  It is strong and sturdy.  The only problem is that it doesn't really fit a 2" jack tube.  It's about 1/16" too small on the inside diameter of it's sleeve tube.  It's unusable for what I bought it for.
1,System to get them tight is terrible-Rings always fall off when tightening.
1,This toothpaste has fluoride in it which is shown to cause cancer and lowers IQ. This defeats the whole purpose of natural toothpaste.		If you Google "fluoride causes cancer and lowers IQ" you can find studies.
1,Things you can do with a FLIR ONE because your phone is not compatible. NOTHING. You can't use it without the latest android.	Samsung  S7 and S7 Edge  Marshmallow (6.0.1)  Sucessfully tested	Samsung  S5 ver2  Lollipop (5.0)  Sucessfully tested	Samsung  S6  Lollipop (5.2)  Sucessfully tested	Samsung  Galaxy Tablet S10.5  KitKat (4.4.2)  Video recording slow	Samsung  Galaxy Tablet S8.4  KitKat (4.4.2)  Video recording slow	Motorola  Nexus 6  Lollipop (5.1)  Sucessfully tested	Important: Nexus phones have reversed micro USB connectors that will orient your FLIR ONE towards you.	Asus  Nexus 7  Lollipop (5.1.1)  Video recording slow	Important: Nexus phones have reversed micro USB connectors that will orient your FLIR ONE towards you.	Asus  Nexus 7  Lollipop (5.1)  Video recording slow	Important: Nexus phones have reversed micro USB connectors that will orient your FLIR ONE towards you.	HTC  ONE M8  Lollipop (5.0)  Sucessfully tested	LG  V 400  Lollipop (5.0)  Video recording does not work well		Any other phone and "your device is not compatible" so you can not even DL the app to try to see if it works. Of course it took hours of hunting after getting that message to find out about this incompatibility problem. What's so wrong about making this list IN YOUR FACE, up front and very clear? Sneaky marketing?  DISAPPOINTMENT doesn't begin to cover it.
1,There are the worst vises I have ever used. I bought two with the intention of mounting them side by side. First problem is if you cannot use them without the swivel base. If you try to bolt them down without the base they will warm and will no longer clamp. My older 6" vise by the same company(HHIP) works great without the swivel base. It has more meat in it and much better built. These are cheap junk.	Second problem is when mounting them side by side they are 0.0115" difference in height. This makes them unusable without shimming.	The workmanship and general quality has gone away with these vises. The old ones I have use 10+ years old. Work great to this day. These were junk out of the gate. They made them with so much less material it compromised the usability.	Don't waist your money.
1,It is easy to apply... however it shrinks something terrible. IMO DAP is better for latex caulk.
1,After a month of waiting my four wash bottles arrived. All four leak when squeezed, water seeps from the threads. No way to get the cap tighter, very frustrating.		For a few more dollars I got good bottles delivered in four days. Shop elsewhere!
1,It's difficult to print and is basically a structurally weak brown PLA. I've seen better wood filament.
1,Double fold metal(visible at tip of male connector), low quality connector suitable for extremely low voltage connections. Any connection that draws amps, DON't use this low quality item
1,I have a black/silver unit and a black unit. The black/silver one works better...tracks my thermostat temperature and humidity readings more closely, and gives meaningful high and low values. The black unit's high and low values are supposed to cover the last 24 hours, but they actually cover a shorter period. The black unit occasionally shows 1% humidity, and it's dry in here, but not that dry. The white unit looks identical to the black one, other than color, so it presumably works the same. The black unit and white unit have a more logical display arrangement, so it's too bad that they don't work as well as the black/silver unit (older model?).
1,Hello fellow Amazonians:	We purchased a number of these items based on the seemingly positive reviews it has. Unfortunately, they were constructed with poor quality materials and rather shoddily put together. I wish we had an option of not buying poorly made Chinese made products or products other countries who don't really have our interests in mind other than to sell thing to us. Unfortunately we'll be returning these items in search of a better quality product state side. Shame.
1,The ball joint that lets you use the vise at different angles isn't very secure. I found myself tapping on my project and having the whole ball joint move or the vise rotate which defeats the purpose of having the vise so I returned it.
1,Wow I am so surprised at the poor quality control of these test leads.	FIRST THE GOOD: Unlike the cheap plastic test leads that were supplied with my new Fluke 177 (which was frustrating,) these upgraded Fluke test leads have fantastic flexible wires, and they are somehow slippery so they don't want to tangle at all.  Five stars on the wire.	BUT THE BAD: The first set of leads I ordered came with a perfect red lead, but the black lead was warped, slightly banana shaped.  What the heck?  These are supposed to be top quality.  So I arranged to exchange them with Amazon, and Amazon had a new set here the very next morning.  Kudos to Amazon!  But when I opened them up, this time BOTH leads were warped.  In opposite directions, so it's clearly not an intentional thing.  And besides, I got ONE lead that was perfectly straight.  See photo.  Also, on one of the gray probes, the "grip ring" towards the front of the probe was sort of distorted/melted somewhat (not seen in photo.)	It just seems crazy that Fluke's quality control is so poor that they let such obvious defects get through.	I might expect this from cheap Chinese knock-offs, but these are definitely genuine Fluke - the packaging matches all of the other Fluke products, and the listing says it's provided by Fluke.	I'm at a loss of what to do at this point -- no other lead I've tried comes close to the flexibility and pleasure of these cords...but it's so annoying to pay so much money for a defective product.  Do I roll the dice and try to exchange them for a THIRD set?
1,My wife and I tried this after using another brand of whitening strips. To our dismay, it didn't whiten our teeth, it also has some mediocre performance cleaning them. At least with regular toothpastes, they clean at the same time freshen our breath as well. Waste of money. Like what the other reviewers state, their claim of false packaging may have some merit as the tube contains way less of toothpaste than what is stated. I suggest you stay away or try other brands...or better yet just go to your dentist if you really like to whiten your teeth.
1,Pure trash, the hose gets a sticky texture after being out in the sun. The end fittings leak even after installing "new" hose washers.	This one is dirt brown, and leaking (dripping) in my garden as you read this.	Get the Blue Camco hose ( the one I have is great),....or better yet, go get a 100' hose at Costco for $20 (appx) and run the water for a few minutes before installing.	If you have to have an RV hose go with the blue one.
1,I like the magnets for when I am working with metal stud walls and that it stays out until you press the release. Unfortunately, the tape buckles more easily than some others and I would rather not have the metric markings on one side. The return spring could also be stronger.		UPDATE: is supposed to stay open until you press the button. No longer does so. As a result it won't stay open and is always trying to retract. This after a year of limited use.
1,Mainly reaping/sealing the tube after use is useless. The JB Weld product provides a much better full proof seal.	Otherwise I guess it works ok but the advertised strength of it is less than JB Weld.	I won't be reordering this or another Gorilla glue products because all I have used have not measured up to other like products I have used. I know it's just a personal preference and maybe yours will be different.
1,Really cheap, and doesn't hold the LED good.
1,I used 3 rolls and applied as directed and none of them held. Spent $30.00 for nothing. Don't buy.
1,I've used almost every kind of lubricant there is and this is not one of the better ones. I have other dry lubricants that work significantly better and are less money. I tried this on some cabinet door hinges and no difference. I sprayed those same hinges with silicone and all quiet. Maybe I am just using it on the wrong stuff but it says right on the can "ideal for use on; hinges".
1,I needed a half gallon to do my porch. Bought 2 quarts and painted away. Severely different shades one end was light other end was dark. Had to buy a gallon and repaint it so now im down 3x the cost and i wasted a half gallon thats left over.
1,I used the 1/2" inch for rough milling on some brass stock and it performed as expected. I tried using the 3/8" mill on some Stainless steel and the tool burned up on a very light cut at recommended speed. The rest will be useful for roughing cuts on soft metal but I will stick to better quality from now on.
1,Scalpels were difficult to install and remove from the handle.  Scalpels did not seem to be very sharp at all (although under the microscope, you could seen the finish grind).  Disposable scalpels seemed to be significantly sharper than these.
1,I been using eSUN filament for some time but this roll of filament changed my mind about eSUN. While I was printing a large item about half way I started hear a clicking sound coming from the printer like I had a nozzle jam and the printer could not feed the filament. When I got to the printer I seen it was print but nothing coming out, as I started to look what the problem was I noticed a large blob that could not enter the printers extruder. The measurement of the filament is 1.75mm but the blob was 2.8mm. Will never trust eSUN filament.
1,Not great
1,It looks nice but for auscultation purposes it is less than desireable. I generally use ADC brand. Not impressed with this stethoscope and I primarily listen to breath sounds. I would not buy another. Actually looking for something to replace this one with now.
1,I tried to save some money and got stuck with these. They are harder than the usual to use and they smell like freshly made plastic. Oooo! I do not like that. I wish I paid a little more and got a better bag.
1,I knew something was amiss when I installed the first of these - they take a 6mm wrench instead of the more common 7mm. And, the taper was sharper and longer than any other nozzle I've used (10K+ hours of printing). I ended up throwing these 5 away. The sharp point tends to snag on lower layers as it passes over them in non-print moves. In fact, the only prints I could do had to be sliced so that the nozzle would never pass over a perimeter or to do a Z lift on all retractions to "jump" over existing lines. And the sharp point also "grated" over lower layers, making for a very noisy print.		I regularly use other Kamo items, but I will not use these again.
1,it's very unresponsive to changes in temperature or humidity. I'm beginning to question its overall accuracy.		Good to use to get an idea of the temperature or humidity of somewhere if you let it sit for a couple hours to equalize, but not useful for short-term purposes like testing out an AC system in a small room.
1,got these for my all metal mk8 extruder. The inlet on the throat was too sharp an angle and it constantly shaved plastic off. Also, the nylon tube isn't long enough, which caused a backup of melted plastic in the throat and it ultimately caused a jam. I don't know if these will work well on other hotends, but if you have a mk8, look for a different throat.
1,These are the most pathetic excuse for jumpers I've ever seen. They look like something produced in a slave labor camp. The wire MIGHT be 28 ga. and isn't very well connected to the alligator clips. I only bought these to get my order over $25 so I could get free shipping. Since they have almost no value, that means I paid $3.67 for shipping. Could have been worse. At least I can salvage the alligator clips and MAKE MY OWN jumpers. If you need a good laugh, buy these.
1,Receivedmy Drok PWM DC Motor Speed Control today.. On top of it was a card saying they thank me for my review so here it is! Unpackaged it and removed the clip on top to remove the blue tape that was on it, noticed the capacitor was bent over with no support and one of the legs hadn't been soldered goo enough to hold. Strike one... Next I noticed the heat sink wasn't setting square so i removed the screw holding it down and found the 3 power transistors were hanging on by one leg on each of them. Strike Two. So I brought out the magnifying lamp and bot were they stingy with the solder hardly anything was completely soldered down. Strike three you're out! WOW what pathetic workmanship and if anyone inspected this HMMMMM well you know. Very Sad.
1,This is just ok. Powers on ok, does not crash, but the resolution is as if were from a digital camera from 1984. Price is good enough but overall I don't use it as I intended to. May come in good for an emergency to try and find something that fell down in a crack or behind something, but overall not a great value and would not recommend.
1,These wheels are way too light duty, small axle and no bearing, for their rated weight. Sorry I bought them. The do LOOK good tho...
1,worthless - first time I open it and the resin bottle has turned to a white thick paste.  does not mix well with hardener and does not harden - at all.  If you NEED an actual epoxy that hardens NTM binds to materials, this is NOT it.  You've been warned
1,I purchased this set at a very large discount. The one that I received was comprised of both Brazilian and Mexican-made files. I got them cheap enough that I really can't complain, but they certainly would have went straight back had I paid anything near to full price. The deficiencies in workmanship were quite evident.
1,Gardner Bender has switched to a plastic lid. It looks like they have no longer have any quality control in Mexico. First bottle of white was semi dried out and lid was not tight. Amazon sent a second bottle and it too was semi dried out and lid was not tight. It is less than a 1/2 full bottle, Solvent evaporated. The black with a metal lid was fine. The black weighed 1.2 ounces more. Problem reported to Amazon support. They might not have any good ones on hand.	This problem has been going on all year from the reviews Ive seen. March 24, 2017 September 1, 2017 July 25, 2017 February 17, 2017 from 9 months ago Amazon comment about leaking (loose lid?) Hello, We've spoken to Amazon on this issue and it has been resolved. Please work with Amazon on a replacement unit. If you have any further questions or issues, I recommend you reach out to our Customer Service Team. 800.624.4320 customer.service@gardnerbender.com	I emailed G B Tech support and this is an excerpt: This failure would be the first complaint we have heard about our liquid tape. And yet Amazon comment on another customer: Gardner Bender Customer Service 3 months ago Hello, Thank you for the information. You should be receiving a full bottle when you make a purchase. Based on your feedback I believe the bottle might've opened a little during shipping. This could've caused it to be thicker and a little dry on the top. If some leaked out this would also explain why the bottle was not full when you received it. If you let Amazon know about this, they will send you a replacement free of charge. If you prefer, you can also reach out to us directly and we'll help you out by sending a replacement as well.		Tech.support@gardnerbender.com	800.624.4320	Either the lid is not put on tight or the design of the lid is bad. Shame as when it is good it works better than the other brands I tried.	When fresh this has a nice balance between too thick and too thin as some other brands. I had to repair some burnt wires 4 years ago, in my jeep when the bracket came loose and the harness lay against the exhaust manifold. I put on 4 thin coats letting it dry a couple of hours between applications. I just discovered that the harness has disintegrated because of heat and exposed the wires. The liquid tape did their job as the wires are fine. Bottle had a metal lid.
1,Drippers in these bottles only pick up about 1/4 full liquid while using with e-liq. Drippers seem like very low quality.
1,I didn't have any problems with the install or software (win8), but the single trigger feature of this oscilloscope turned out to be useless. It missed the whole signal about half of the time, and the other half, it flashed on the screen, then was immediately overwritten. The signal was a 3khz, 5v square wave with a 60ms duration. If this thing can't capture that then what is good for? Capturing one-time events is like.. 75% of what an oscilloscope is used for. I wish I handn't let this sit on the shelf for so long before trying it. Now I can't return it :(
1,The metal contacts are great. however, the plastic housing is low quality. Two came in the package: one had pieces of the housing broken off right out of the box even though it was packaged well. The other fell apart as I was looking it over to see if it had any defects. Get a better quality unit or you could risk an electrical fire.
1,This brand had failed me before, way back, and I accidentally ordered another. No difference. Size is consistent thruout but layer adhesion is crap. Parts look good but ring different when struck when using same gcode as other brands of filament.	I won't make that mistake again
1,Ordered gray and received white.
1,The hose is low quality,spongy,came in a the roll and was flatened out,after rolled out it still was flat
1,The simple fact that this product does not have a back light makes it pretty much useless. You can not view the screen from above it, you must look straight at it and the room must be VERY well light. Forget about this purchase, just don't buy it.
1,My stand came with a huge chunk out of the base that had been filled with some half-assed epoxy job. The actual metal part is blemished and marked up... I am going to send this back... It is junk...
1,Serrated jaws do not align and close completely when fully engaged.
1,I have one of these that is about 10 years old and works flawlessly, and is very accurate for temp AND humidity. I bought another to take to work and set it up beside my veteran unit and the temps match but the humidity is WAAAAYYYY off. The new unit reads humidity around double what the room actually is. I keep a room in the house very dry, for computer and firearms, with dehumidifier canisters/silica in 3 points of the room, and it stays very dry, but this new unit still reports 45-55% when the other one is consistently 25-27%.	I'll have to try a different brand. Very disappointed.
1,these terminals are not as heavy duty as those purchase from HomeDepot, although they are rated the same. Really worried about if these can hold up the same amount of electric current. Easily deformed when crimping to wires, easily loosen up after crimping. The metal material is too thin to hold the shape.
1,When this pH meter arrived, it wouldn't calibrate. I contacted the seller and they sent me another one. This one worked for about 2 weeks and it stopped calibrating. By this I mean: I calibrated the tester using the calibration solutions that came with it. After calibrating, it wouldn't give the same reading twice in a row. I checked the calibration and it was off by more than 1.0, so I calibrated again. I got the same results from checking and re-calibrating. I performed a calibration one more time. Again, constant fluctuation! I threw it away and bought another lucky stone (cheap, no back lighting, no automatic off, calibrate with a screwdriver) one. If I didn't check the calibration once a week, I may have started killing my fishes and not understood why...
1,Warped!
1,It was absolutely excellent... until it wasn't. One of the three spools I purchased had a 20cm length of PLA that was contaminated. It wasn't black, it was clear. It was almost 3mm in diameter (this is 1.75mm PLA). It also didn't melt at the same temperature as the rest of the PLA and destroyed the hot end of my brand new printer.
1,Why Bother With Reviews, Amazon deletes the truth when it hurts.
1,Filament has terrible thermal qualities. Extremely poor layer adhesion. Most prints WILL experience some level of layer splitting, regardless of nozzle diameter to layer height ratio. Printed with a Lulzbot TAZ 6 with many different settings/temperatures. I have had no problem with any other ABS 3mm filaments but every spool from Gizmo Dorks has been horrendous. Will not buy again from this vendor.
1,Got this one as a replacement as a replacement for an old Tektronics DSO I had. This Rigol is  feature rich, very affordable and has 4 channels so seemed to be a good choice. However, when it arrived I didn't like it at all. First it has a continuous noise fan, by far noisier than anything on my bench, the front panel is cramped (do I really need that many way to switch between single/auto/normal?) and the UI at some points were crude. My budget is flexible and my technical requirements are modest so this one is going back to Amazon and I will keep looking for a DSO I like.
1,Didn't do what I had hoped.  I wanted something that would fit on the exaust of the table saw and also the reducer to the vacuum.  Nobody seems to have such a thing.  Ended up using duct tape and that is only good for so long.
1,Lite does not work !!
1,Sticks to almost all surfaces.  Except cardboard.  Seriously?  And, I don't mean that it "rips" the cardboard.  I mean that the glue does not hold to the cardboard very well.		I am an oil painter, and I store my paintings in cardboard shipping boxes, and need to keep them closed until they dry or sell, so they stay dust free.  I need to be able to open them to take a painting out to varnish, or if it sells.		I have an inventory system and use labels on the boxes, and have been just folding them shut (they lay flat), but thought using velcro was going to be genius.  Not.  The side with the most trouble is the soft side.  Some even pulled away without opening the box.		I am now looking for rivets, or may try stapling the Velcro on.
1,Don't waste your time. Worst filament brand on the market IMHO
1,When I received these in the mail, I got some plastic tubes, and a lot of them were cracked, and there was a hole that some of them could slip out of. I had to put these in an antistatic bag. When I go and build some stuff, I noticed I had to replace the chips a few times, so there were some defective chips. It was probably due to the poor packaging. All in all, I'm not too pleased, but at least I had enough to get the project I was working on, completed.
1,The first one was off .001, the second was spot on but the crystal was cracked, the third was off .0015. Signed an experienced machinist!
1,It didn't work and the smell was horrible.  It molded and was yellow within a week
1,while its marginally better than the very low end calipers, these are still not as good as mits.  these are about 1/3 the cost of a mit, but I don't consider this a great deal since the cheap ones are as good and are even lower cost than this.		there are also 'many igaging' calipers.  not sure why; maybe its fakes or its a generic brand; but I've gotton very mixed quality on amazon and ebay with igaging.  I can't say I trust this 'brand' and I just don't consider it any better than the lowest end no-name (h-freight) style calips.		only good thing for this is: spc output uses same cable as mit and there is opensource code to parse the data stream.
1,Didn't stop the leak, and I wrapped it so tight the pipe was flexing.
1,Ugh. Bought these to use on the fly. Horrible. You dip it and no color change. Unless you are extremely off. LIke 14 or 2.
1,I bought this for my granddaughter, who wants to be a vet.. I purchased a pink stethoscope, some pink surgical face masks, made her a pink lab coat and got her some books on being a vet.. I ordered this because it's shown as being pink and I thought it'd fit in good with the other pink things. Unfortunately, it's actually red, and looks used.. The handle is tarnished with little bubbles in the finish.. It didn't cost much so it's not a huge waste, but just not what I ordered and won't fit in with the rest of the "pink"... Wish I'd ordered from someone else...
1,do not buy. waste of money. you get a tiny amount, and i wrapped the hell out of a garden hose coupling, even tried it twice, with no success.  still leaks.  so, don't expect a miracle.
1,1. Uneven print results, some fairly good, many very poor. Adjusting 'z' axis didn't help.	2. Filament length reader showed 1 meter remaining but found about 20 meters left on reel and no way to fix it so the 20 meters was left unusable.	3. Proprietary filament spools. Can't use other brands with new colors. A special NFC card is required for EACH new roll of filament, the card is rendered useless.		This may be cheap in price but the fact that it requires special filament spool and the filament remaining counter can't be corrected makes this a poor choice in my view. Evidently the IRFD card is preset for 100 meter filament and it just counts down based on time the extruder operates so Is essentially open loop (i.e. the system does not actually measure the filament dispensed).		UPdate:	Da Vinci Jr. 1.0 3D Printer		Things a buyer should know:		1. This printer uses proprietary filament reels.....you cannot use 3rd party reels.	2. The filament cartridge holds 0.6Kg while 3rd party reels hold 1.0Kg, thus costing about 50% more per reel.	3. The reels hold an NFC card (Near field Communication) which is used to contain a measure of the amount of filament that is left on the reel. That sounds good but it is an open loop counter, it reduces the count as the print head moves, so if the filament breaks and the head continues to move, the count is reduced as if you were using filament. When the count gets to zero, you can no longer print and there is no reset, you have to buy another reel with a new NFC card, even if you have a large amount of filament left on your existing reel.		You need to ask yourself:		1. Why is there an NFC card to keep count of the amount of filament? Why not let the printer run until it runs out of filament? If they need to keep count of the remaining filament, why not measure it directly with a sensor, then shut down if the filament breaks?.	2. Why can't you use 3rd party filament?		I am not at all happy with this printer. Will return for refund.
1,Never buy anything from xyzprinting they will not honor their Warranty if the product is defective and they have zero support if something goes wrong with the product. Worst company ever. Never ever buy anything from them ever.
1,Does not fuse. Rips like paper. Doesn't stretch. I used "rescue tape" and F4 and they actually worked. I used other colors from this company and none of them worked.
1,Doesn't work very well. But good idea
1,The digital function of mine didn't work out of the box, I have to rely on the ruler markings. Made of kinda lightweight plastic, it bends easily so I'm not confident that it will stay accurate over the years. It's a cheap option, if you only want to use if for one project, it's viable.
1,I would recommend this kit to anyone who is thinking about buying a 3D printer.  You can purchase a volume upgrade and make this printer print 8.5"x4"x6.5".  The volume upgrade is being discontinued soon, so make sure you get it ASAP.  It took me 5.5 hours to put it together and 6 more hours to calibrate the printer properly.  There is a support forum what you can use to get answers relatively quick 24-48 hours on average.  4"x4"x4" printing area limits the size of the things you can print, so volume upgrade is well worth it.  I printed colse to 50 objects with 1/2 pound of included PLA, so I recommend getting more PLA right away.		Changed from 5 stars to one star: my printer power supply failed 10 days after the printer was ordered.  I was able to find a replacement online, because my printer was out of 30 day support window - had to wait for a week to get it, and submitted my request for the first time after two weeks of owning the printer.  Printrbot support is very bad - takes 5-10 days to hear back and my request for a power supply was denied.  I bought a second kit and power supply for that printer failed during the first print.  Printrbot.com support states that you need to return the entire kit to get a replacement power supply.  Interesting piece of technology, but it does not work properly and is not reliable.
1,they are ok.  when you get these scientific tools you get them because precision matters.  I felt that even though the glass wouldnt be good quality at least the measurement would be correct.  I was wrong.  the glass doesnt seem to be too bad.  however the measurement is off.  by a lot.
1,I am giving this one star due to the bottle. I used this once and the rest was worthless within 5 minutes. There is not a proper seal on the top like brands such as Locktite and Krazy glue. I usually buy Locktite glue, but I took a chance on this because of the cheaper price and some of their other products worked for me. The gel itself worked fine the one time I used it, but the whole bottle solidified within 5 minutes. I will continue to buy Locktite super glue simply because you can use it to the last drop.
1,The GOOD.	They're well made and tested very good with several different Arduino boards & programs. They worked exactly as they should.		The board has five 10k resistors built in for a cleaner signal (debounce).		The BAD.	They don't come with a nut to hold them to a panel.	----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------	UPDATE 12/4/16		Thanks to a new question & answer above We now know what nuts to get -&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/uxcell-M7x0-75x2mm-Carbon-Steel-Hex-Nuts-Fastener-50pcs-for-Screws-Bolts/dp/B01HGEK0U2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">uxcell M7x0.75x2mm Carbon Steel Hex Nuts Fastener 50pcs for Screws Bolts</a>&nbsp;for only $4.38.		That would bring your total for ***5 encoders*** to $13.37 at this moment in time. That's $2.67 EACH.		This encoder -&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Podoy-3Pcs-6mm-Blue-Rotary-Encoder-Push-Button-Switch-for-Keyswitch-Electronic-Components/dp/B016Q9XSRU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Podoy 3Pcs 6mm Blue Rotary Encoder Push Button Switch for Keyswitch Electronic Components</a>	 would be a better choice, and it's only $2.61 ***for 3***, or $.87 EACH		Yes the CTYRZCH encoders are nice. But not without the nuts, and not at this price.		Bottom line - buy elsewhere.
1,sorry to say it but this item is good if you have no 3D experience at all, its limits are staggering, basically you will outgrow it fast, and realize how little it can prints out of the vast stuff that are available out there to print! i bought it to test for classroom project and out of 5 items randomly printed, 3 lifted, even with painter tape, 2 lifted even with brim set. the settings are all at min. like for example when selecting brim you have no choice of percentage, or type, a lack of cooling control in the software not even sure if it has a cooling fan for printed parts. just a lot of short comings, including that it has proprietary filaments spool holder, or at least not the standard to others on the market, easy to override by printing different spool holder but still, buyers should know this, its spools are ave 30.00 for .5kg while better quality spool are 20.00 for 1kg. i am not an expert to any degree, but i do have 3 different printers, and this by far was the worst one, i am just glad i didn't buy it and its for a project. i will say i do like 2 things about it, 1 it has auto bed leveling, 2 its has excellent wifi control. but these 2 are not that necessary, as bed leveling is a pain but done once like every 6mths to a year for me, so i can easily live without it, and 2 wifi is great but you stuck with it limited slicing software, which make the whole experience awful, so much so that it outweigh any benefits these two advantage offers. for a 5.9 plate build printer it be better to go with the Maker Select Mini sold here by Monoprice. i know its has less stars review, but i can guarantee you be happier as it will work with you from beginner level to intermediate, in short it just has better control, easier to upgrade as there is a huge community of support on thingiverse etc.and  its parts are more oem specific, so replacement parts are easily located, for flashforge ? i cant seem to get any thing unless it via Flashforge.		so to sum up, its non heated bed, limited control via  software and use of many proprietary parts , makes it not a user friendly printer, especially once you get any knowledge under your belt, there is just no room to grow with this printer, and at 400.00 is pretty steep when a 200.00 item can easily	trumps it! just my advice for any beginner looking at this printer.
1,Advanced Strength? I'd like to see what standard strength is supposed to be. Does not stick well and is so thin it has no strength. Do not use for anything serious like taping boxes. The biggest thing that sticks here is what sticks in my craw after wasting money on it. Worse yet they sell it in a 2 pack and have the gaul to call it contractors tape.
1,bad bulky design, eats carpet
1,The inside diameter is smaller than advertised, which makes it worthless for my current needs, but it is very very strong and has square cuts.
1,Major POS. Ends are ground uneven and it wobbles so bad I beleive this crap is being sold and not thrown away. Set it on a piece of glass and it leans like the tower of pisa.
1,Bag came open and they were scattered in the box.  Also not as thick as they should of been imo.
1,These are actually 2 1/2 fl oz. capacity vs the .7 fl. oz as advertised so they are a little bigger than I really wanted for packing with my gun cleaning and oiling supplies. Quality of bottle (very pliable) is good.  Needle is nice and long and of good quality. Perfect for gun oiling. Will be easy to a apply small amount of oil exactly where needed. I just wish the bottles were a little smaller as advertised as .7 oz capacity would have been perfect ( 4 stars off for that). Big difference from advertised .7 fl. oz to  actual 2 1/2 oz. Very frustrating
1,came with shorted heater
1,I was very excited to get this printer, and I was very close to put it all together (about 90%) until I realize that I was missing some parts and a fan was missing one cable, none of them are a big deal, but the problem is that getting the parts will take some days more, and there is a reason why I pay Prime, I actually paid a little extra to get 1 day shipping so I can put this together in the weekend.		It is not good that they don't really verify all the pieces in the package before sending them, and it is a waste of money and time for both ends.
1,I can echo what everyone else has been saying, avoid this device. I just don't understand how they could produce something like this and put it out there when it is so obviously broken. Like many others here I have read over everything, tried resetting it, tired again and again and always get different results. Sometimes it would get stuck on saying it didn't have contact with the wall when it most certainly did. Moving to another wall made of a different material made no difference. I would have to reset it to get it to stop saying that. I tried it on drywall, plaster, wood paneling, and all gave different results each time when multiple passes were made over the same area. It would detect pipes where we knew there were none. It would detect wires where we knew there were none. It has a confidence meter but with such random results over what I tested it on how could I ever trust it?
1,junk. they basically fall apart while cutting. where full body protection cause pieces go everywhere
1,I'll admit I'm a Newby to 3d printing, I'm also a pretty crafty technical engineering type of person as well.  I found this printer to basically be just like the majority of the reviews said, it's great price, decent quality, and can produce some pretty good prints with patience, research, and lots of online video how to setup.  the manual bed leveling is probably the single most frustrating process, but once you get that figured out its pretty good.	I bumped it down one star because I concur with some other reviews that customer service sucks.  I contacted monoprice customer service about the scraper being bad, out of the box it was dented up on the end and unusable, not a huge deal as they are cheap and have nothing to do with the printer actually being able to print, however the response from monoprice was that I could get another at the hardware store....I mean would it kill them if they sent a $2 replacement scaper, probably not.	Anyway I'll update later after more use		****Update 7/2/17	well I've made a lot of prints over the last 11 months but it now starting smoking out the control box and doesn't print anymore.  a little on line research and many many others have seen same issue, I'll be calling monoprice to see how they handle this issue, hopefully better response than with the scraper issue when I first got it.  bumping down to 2 stars until I hear back from monoprice.
1,I knew a 3d printer that worked right out of the box was too good to be true, especially with it being so inexpensive.  The printer arrived with a multitude of problems that I have been working with their support staff to fix. The main problem is that the extruder just stops working a quarter of the way into the print. I didn't expect this printer to do wonders, but I did expect it to work. The support has been alright.  Although, It has been over a week of the issue not being fixed and no offer of replacement or refund. I am extremely disappointed with this product.
1,Under material it clearly states 10 pcs. From the reviews, it seems as though a lot of buyers thought they were getting ten pieces in a pack. The ad is ambiguous at best. I only deal with companies that make things clear to understand. It helps to avoid misunderstandings and disappointment. Also, I think some companies like it when you misunderstand. This company clearly profits by saying 1 pack (As in one pack of cigarettes) in the header and 10 pcs in their ad copy. A very cleaver seller indeed!		I hope this gets processed through to the proper channels so Amazon can straighten this guy out.
1,Too tiny, returned.  Had to buy too many.
1,Returned, Has terrible signal loss. not work the money, or you get what you pay for. Worked better with just the antenna without the extension. look it up it is a RG-174 Cable. althought it is well made.
1,This is by far one of the most popular controllers out there.  I used this with a rice cooker to make my own black garlic.  This needs a precise temperature for about three weeks to get the garlic to ferment to a black and slightly vinegary taste.  This controller only lasted me for two sessions and now its a hunk of junk.
1,Lines were all but gone, and glass had burnt spots. Look elsewhere.
1,Pretty much lowest quality you can find.
1,The kit came with everything as advertised. It refused to power up beyond the screen turning on. The LED trigger light, according to the instructions, should have also come up but did not. I triple-checked all of my solder joints and did testing with a multimeter. The voltage would surrepititiously drop off right after getting out of the power supply area. Upon closer inspection, it looks like the SMD components may have a fault in them from the manufacturing process.		Hours and hours of frustration spent on this thing. The instructions were acceptable, but I think could have benefited from a more verbose troubleshooting section, possibly on its own. I wasted my money on this, don't waste yours.
1,poorly made, jaws do not align.
1,Lasted 15 months then suddenly quit working. Maybe that's why they only give you a 30-day warranty. Don't buy it.
1,Ordered to install in my brew structure.  Thickness is not enough to hold its own weight or resist acute bending.  It folds on itself very easily causing kinks.  I won't order it for this purpose again.
1,Tried to use this on a leaking 1" copper sweat joint.  Did not work!
1,Messy, messy.
1,Ridgid and Shop-Vac just lost a class action suit for fraud June 16, 2016. Lies on HP and capacity did them in. If you bought one of these and kept the receipt you may get back $5000.  That's still in the courts.  But wait- there is more , warranty and a bunch of other stuff. I got my receipt , do you? The lawyers get back up to $4.5 million for their time and effort. Google for details.
1,NOT ANYWHERE CLOSE TO ALGERIACARE PADS
1,Dreadfully diluted. Really guys?
1,This Brand Of Electric Tape is Very Poor. It Does Not Stick Properly.	We Will Never Purchase This Product Again.
1,I can not download software from www.sainsmart.com and mini CD is not detected by my Dell Inspiron 1520 Win 8.1 X64 laptop.
1,This stuff really sticks, especially to your fingers and itself. As	for anything else: maybe-maybe not. The most frustrating thing	about this brand is that it doesn't tear clean and always leaves	a stringer that peals back on the roll. This is pretty much for the	know-nothings that heard a name so they get this. You are far	better off with something like 3M of some other generic at the	hardware stores. This junk is just not worth the frustration!
1,The strap I ordered was described as "One Person". There is no description of length anywhere. It is only 12 inches long including the buckle so unless you are Barbie it is pretty useless for anything personal except perhaps securing your paddle to your kayak. The buckle is over 1 inch wide so it is ridiculously large for the length of the strap. Overall this strap is pretty useless. I obtained a 3/4" strap 24 inches long with a more appropriately sized buckle for less cost. All other NRS straps state their length and the "One Person" is shown after the 3ft, 12ft and 20ft so the assumption is that the list is in size order. Despite complaining there has been no change to what i consider a VERY misleading description and it would cost more to return than the price paid. I am a VERY dissatisfied customer.
1,Straight from the shipping container, the unit's lower half, including the black "removable" cap was covered with a dried, white, granular	substance like what you might get if you let a heavily sugared liquid dry in the sun.  Couldn't get the cap off without destroying the unit.	A lot of these Jellas pH meters are returned for various valid reasons.  I think that Jellas just resells them without any kind of quality control	inspection.
1,This is not a very product, its really the next best thing next to garbage.  So far I have tried this with a Crane humidifier and a Sharper Image  and they both read 16%. according to the AcuRite.  Bought a Vornado Plus 3 from Amazon and waiting for delivery.  If it measure the same thing with the Vornado, back it goes.
1,I love the color and printing appearance with the the Solutech real grey, but the spooling is a complete mess.  The spool is narrow so the filament is spooled almost to the edge, on top of that it looks like its a loose spool so as soon as I loaded it, it started coming off of the spool sideways getting tangled.
1,I have many of these cheap hygrometers (different models and brands) and none of them are anywhere near accurate with RH or even temp. You get what you pay for.
1,One LED was not working so I returned the item...thanks again to Amazon for the simple return!  Also, the image was not as clear as my first phone camera ten years ago, I was very disappointed in the resolution of the image and do not recommend this product.
1,I purchased this to go with a 3D pen as a gift.  The filament worked well in the 3D pen (the pen did break after a few uses).  I did think that the plastic was a bit pricey AND the glow in the dark feature never seemed to work.  We tried repeatedly to get it to glow - which never did happen.
1,Not very good quality.  Doesn't always work as well as it should.
1,I purchased yellow and red as my guinea pigs, I usually use ABS ( and can't get back to it fast enough). Not sure whether I'm just used to ABS or what, but I had nothing but trouble trying to get decent, even layers with this stuff. I use SAIN ABS and haven't had issues, other than tight windings in some earlier spools, but this stuff was ornery from the start. Some layers needed more heat, some farther in the print needed much less heat, because they were sinking into the prior layers. HATED PLA after three different tries on three different print attempts. Sorry, but that's how it went with me, and I had hoped for a different outcome. I lost two different hot end nozzle holders with fractures that happened due to curling prints. It actually was comical. We had a contest to see what would happen next; a broken holder, a melted layer, prints lifting when PLA isn't supposed to lift. Fan was on from layer two on.	I have two rolls of unopened other colors I will be either selling or pounding into paste with a sledge hammer. Probably the latter. ABS is where it's at, as long as you're into ABS slurry to glue it down. Elmer's glue on PLA is a waste of time, as is PLA.	Like I wrote; sorry, but that's how it went with me.
1,not the best dose not work as good as i expected left with a blank look in my face need to work much better
1,Unfortunately this product is not what I had hoped for. I know it's not a several thousand dollar ir camera but it's resolution is much less than expected almost seeming like a simulation nor does it seem accurate. Some color palates seem like they just choose colors at random to place over an item. It also has a very buggy app.  Tho they have made improvements,  to me this camera is  not practical for any kind of professional or amateur use yet. What they show on the website is not the picture you usually get. I wouldn't trust it for thermal leaks of a building or close up temp differences of an object. Not even for much of a general idea.
1,does not include the pouch for the soap
1,HORRIBLE SOFTWARE bricked the printer instantly as i tried to upgrade the firmware, and will not connect to my computer!
1,Figured this would complete the tub job I needed to do. Nope. I though Dap was the leader for these things but I was wrong. Once the tube end was cut the caulk continuously pumped out, I had to press an old shirt around the tip to preserve the product as I worked. The stuff was watery and messy, stunk like hell. After peeling the blue tape the caulk came with it making the trim of white uneven and sloppy looking.  I redid the job with GE's brand, at least that dries in a few hours, not what I'm hearing from this kwik seal crap. Get in the game DAP..!
1,Lids come unscrewed on their own if the top of glass area is wet.
1,Worst filament I have purchased to date. Very brittle. It was broken on the spool about 4 feet in (I saw it before I even opened the wrap - should have returned it then) so the first few feet were wasted. Breaks trying  to load it. Breaks entering the extruder while printing. I have been able to get very few complete prints. By the way, this is first time I have written a negative review but this product has provided nothing but frustration.
1,Not really good for solvent - tried using it with OMS and it seized up
1,Hard to use.  The Schraeder side is very shallow, it's hard to see when it is properly engaged.  Broke after about a year.  Should last a lot longer for this price.
1,Dowel joinery offers two key features. (1) Registration so edges of adjoining sections align, and (2) Strengthens the joinery PROVIDED the dowels are a firm fit.  To use 1/2" dowels, one uses a 1/2" drill bit.  The 1/2" drill bit makes a 0.500 +/- 0.002 diameter hole (assuming a proper jig is being used and a reasonably good drill bit).  THESE DOWELS are on AVERAGE 0.486 inch.  Therefore, registration can be in error by as much as 0.007" on average and as far as strength goes, these dowels will be floating in glue rather than being affixed firmly to wood WITH Glue.  Too sloppy of a fit!  They are slotted so no allowance for glue squeeze out is necessary.  The ridges on the flutes form the firm fit to the hole ID while the grooves provide channels for glue to flow and form good bond between dowel and wood.  THESE DOWELS ARE TERRIBLE.  If you can turn the wood upside down and the dowel can fall out of the hole, its a bad thing!!!  Be Warned!!!
1,COUNTERFEIT PRODUCT		Search for this Underwriters Laboratories warning notice:	"UL warns of solid state relay with counterfeit UL Recognition Mark (Release 13PN-52)"
1,I was not very happy with this product. I recalibrated it twice because it kept jumping around on the ph. It will tell me what my ph is around but not very precisely. If you need a very precise reading then you should spend more money.
1,These nails are well manufactured and safely packaged by Senco.  However, they are not the correct size for my Hitachi 15-Guage Angled Finish Nailer if you examine them carefully with a Mitutoyo caliper.  According to the directions, these are out of spec.  So I don't like them.  I don't like how Amazon recommended that I buy them with my Hitachi nailer, and I don't see the good in these thin little nails with their tiny head.
1,To be short, these short out. If you have them connected to a microcontroller, you will quickly heat up your electronics and get that festive blue smoke smell of overheated components. I was careful and ohm'ed them out to check for shorts, but it turns out that they short in odd places in the middle of the turns and I didn't catch those.		If you are dead set on using these, you need to add current limiting resistors in front of your pots.  That is, add a ~1k Ohm resistor in series to keep your current from flying off the ball.  You will need to do the maths using Ohm's law and knowledge of basic circuit theory to compensate for that added resistor.  You could also buy nicer pots with the same sized shafts and just use the knob covers.
1,We had ordered these while I was visiting my brother, they worked fairly well and I liked them so I ordered a set for myself. What I received was NOT the same as my brother received. He received three inch wide heavy duty straps, while the set I was sent was  about one and a half inch wide straps and NOWHERE as sturdy as the set he was sent. I immediately returned them and noticed that REPLACMENT was NOT an option. I also noted that there are several sellers for this item that also qualify for Prime. The pricing is very close, so who knows who is selling what ??????? My  Prime purchase was from a seller named Beautiful Time.		7/31 UPDATE - I re-ordered these with Amazon as the seller, they won't be delivered until end of August despite being a Prime item, but I am not in any hurry. I plan on keeping them in the car in case I may need them. For home use I have the original Shoulder Dolly. I will update again after I receive this new order.		08/09/13 - UPDATE - I was notified that the second order for these were actually going to be shipped much sooner than anticipated. I just opened the box from my second order of these straps, and this time the seller was supposedly Amazon. I received the cheaper ones again. These straps are only 1.5 inches wide, not the 3 inch wide ones we first received. Amazon needs to update their description of these straps, or otherwise get the correct ones in stock. Since I only wanted these as spares to keep in my car trunk, I am going to keep them - but I am definitely very disappointed.
1,I put this in a Tupperware to dry some already dry but slightly  damp items...and came back the next day, the items seemed MORE damp then when i put them in there. This does not work....sending it back for a refund.
1,The last few spools of this Black "ABS" started jamming my printer. It seems thicker and less ABS in it and more of a blend. I am returning one spool and possibly 3 more. It just doesn't act like the previous spools that I have purchased which means it jams my printer too much.
1,Check your fuses before buying this because its not in the description that it doesn't work with all mini fuses. I didn't even realize this until I got it. Now I have to make a special trip to the store for some * mini fuses that will work with this. Not what I was expecting to deal with when this arrived. Here is the other one that will work for me:	http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00U61OM0W?psc=1
1,My mistake i though it was a .001 caliper but its just a .01 which makes its a somewhat precise ruler. Has stupid battery compartment issue where a slight touch screws it up which is where you have to hold it, kinda dumb design most calipers suffer from.
1,Not recommended. I bought this filament to try something different since I usually buy HATCHBOX. To begin with the spool isn't very big and the filament tends to unwind around it causing you to have to monitor. But more importantly, I had multiple extruder clogs-- rare for my printer-- and pretty regular "curling" during bigger, longer builds. Some splitting in when printing big pieces. While one roll may not be indicative of the whole filament line, it'll be a long time before I venture into Sainsmart again.
1,Does Not work very good!
1,Warped after first week of use.  We have an electric/glass stovetop and didn't realize that the heat would be too much.  All other pans have done fine on it.
1,received  damaged unusable
1,it`s okay
1,Does not work in winter use. Bought for year round use and it is too stiff for winter use and too cheap for it too. Darn bought two. Off to find a better option and better hose that is not too stiff for use in the cooler temps. I would have thought an item made for camping would be perfect. WRONG. Read the negatives and you'll find out just how cheap it is. I didn't and my bad. I gave two stars for not liking but it well work in one month out of two. In MT, ID, WY, CO and even WA you can expect cold temperatures even in the summer let alone YEAR round.
1,This toothpaste makes a lot of claims about what it accomplishes.  However, its only active ingredient is Sodium Fluoride, in just about the same proportion as the other toothpastes I have in the house.  So how is this one any different?  If it really has something special in it that other toothpastes don't have, why aren't they listed in the active ingredients?  In particular, what on earth does all the 3D stuff refer to?		Grit:  Could this be the secret?  This toothpaste has lots of crunchy particles which are much larger than the grit you usually find in most toothpaste.  I suppose they are to mechanically polish your teeth better.  Could this be what the "3-dimensional whitening action using: patented micro-cleansing whiteners... " refers to?  What does it even mean to say that a cleanser is "3-dimensional" ?  If this is their "dual silica system", it is hard to believe that it is enamel safe, because silica is pretty hard (think quartz or sand).		What about the "Whitebond(tm) protection to prevent new surface stains from forming" ?  What could this be, since it is not listed as an active ingredient, does it mean it is there but doesn't do anything? Or is it actually there but they're trying to sneak it under FDA approval by not listing it as an active ingredient?		After a few days use, I became afraid to subject my teeth to so much grit polishing.  I am afraid it is going to reduce my enamel, though of course I cannot actually measure this.  But before I have been using an enamel-protective toothpaste, and the weak spot on my tooth started hurting after a few days of using this product.  (Note also the review "Too Strong for Some" for other problems).		Another reason I am afraid to use this is because they seem to have slung so much misleading language, instead of being straightforward about what is in it, that I cannot be sure what is in the stuff and what it is going to do to my teeth.  It sounds like it was formulated by an ad agency rather than a responsible health product division.  Way to go to un-build consumer trust!
1,This toothpaste took some getting used to because it doesn't have a very strong minty taste and contains peroxide. After using it for about a month, I haven't noticed any big difference in the whitening of my teeth, which is what it claims to do. Perhaps by the time I finish the tube I will see some noticeable difference.		But two other things concern me with this product. First is the price of over $6 per tube for less than 3 ounces of paste. I agree with others that the tube does contain lots of air, which certainly makes it feel like you're getting more than what it actually contains. There are plenty of other whitening toothpastes that cost much, much less.		The second thing that concerns me is where this is manufactured. The label states that it is "Distributed by...", so my guess is that it is made overseas someplace. Remember the toothpaste scare three years ago from the stuff made in China? Since that time, I've tried my best to check toothpaste and other oral hygiene products to find out if they're made in the US. While this certainly doesn't guarantee that the product will always be safe, it definitely makes me feel safer. I will pass on future purchases of this product and stick with American made Aquafresh. Not only does it taste better, but it is much, much less expensive.
1,I like the idea of "starter" 3D printer at a significantly lower price than the bigger 3D printers aimed at adults or more experienced users. However, don't mistake this as a child's unit. It's much too complicated and has to be put together before it can be used.		In comparison to my CEL Robox 3D printer, this one is at best a toy and at worst absolutely useless. First off, you have to put it together - snapping the top on and the corner piece. Second, there is no cover over the printing bed - these things get seriously hot, little fingers can be burned without a protective cover. Third, the printing bed requires use of tape or your prints won't stick and some will collapse if things aren't"just right". My Robox machine has none of those issues - granted, it's not perfect, but it is a more finished product.		 All 3D printers are persnickety to some degree. This one is more difficult and harder to just use than it should be. The filament is pricy and propriety. The software took three tries to download and actually be usable on a 1 year old laptop running Windows 10. It randomly throws errors or locks up. Honestly, I wanted to print the same two items (A Doctor Who Tardis) , but this machine locked up once and the second time nothing would stick to the bed. I got one clean Tardis from my 18 month old Robox. And therein is the reason that I won't even bother with this one again....who has time for frustration while doing cool stuff?
1,Never worked. Ripoff
1,Pins will not hold contact reliably.	The contacts are held in.... by the double-sided tape.		Worthless as an actual breadboard unless you secure the jumpers down or use tinned pins.  Works OK for a small soldering holder.
1,Junk, broke off after having drilled a pilot hole.  Junk, Junk
1,Albeit, this is a fairly new product that seems to be crowdfunded so I understand it is not a full blown production item...but, it was hyped a bit more than it currently delivers.  The concept is great and the screen works well showing the demo program installed on it, but using the editor is a very buggy experience.  It took a while to even find the editor and while browsing many forums looking for clues as to where it could be found, I ran across MANY complaints from people who purchased it and could not find the editor.  The link that is given gives an error and apparently Itead, the company who makes the screen, has put out at least 20 revisions to the editor in the last year, all with bugs and problems.  I finally found a version of the editor and it is constantly saying there are errors every time I try to add a button or item to a page on the screen.  It COULD be an extremely cool thing, but currently it is very hard to use and requires a lot of patchwork in the code.  It is pretty cool and with a lot of patience and hunting on the internet forums, it is possible to get the screen to do some things.  I got this to prototype a small automation project and getting the screen to work is becoming more work than the original project....
1,Do some research first if you're thinking about buying this printer. The first one I had worked for 4 days before the extrusion motor stopped working. The replacement stopped powering on after a month of use. The poor quality of these printers combined with horrible customer service from M3D make me regret purchasing this printer. Judging by the amount of complaints against M3D at the Better Business Bureau bbb.org, it appears I'm not the only one who feels this way.		This printer is guaranteed to break on you at some point and will require you to contact M3D. M3D customer support is impossible to contact and generally useless once you do get a reply. They will give you the runaround and ask you to perform pointless troubleshooting on the printer while taking 2-3 days to respond to any messages you might send. After troubleshooting via email inevitably fails, they will ask you to submit an RMA request. Their RMA process is a joke. They will charge you to send in your defective printer and initially promise to send a replacement within 2 days of receiving your defective printer. I've filed two RMAs with M3D and after constant follow-up on my end, the first replacement took 23 days to ship and the second replacement took 29 days to ship.		There are way better printers with much better customer support available for the same price as the M3D Micro. I would recommend staying far, far away from M3D.
1,I choose Amz3d for its reputation and product reviews. I've purchased Hatchbox, Inland, and Hictop and never had an issue. This filament however, came in with the filimant warped and not straight. I printed a benchy to test the filament/temperature and quickly noticed color variances. The spool also locked it self because of how the filament was wound up. Poor product, would not purchase again.
1,not as tight inside the nozzles as my oem flashforge ptfe tubes		ID is the same seems like OD is a little smaller
1,I had trouble opening this; it has a metal seal and puncturing/removing it ended up splashing/spilling a bit of it.  Then, it sat unused until I was ready to use it...about 2 weeks later.  I was shocked when I opened it and found less than 1/3 left.  And, NO, the cap was not at all loose on it; I was aware it is highly volatile and tightened it well (and I have very strong hands!).  Now I am wondering if I will have any left when I need it again next week!  That issue makes this an absurdly expensive product...one that I will NOT be replacing!
1,Worked fine for about a month.  Then went on the fritz.  Had to return it.
1,I have been using four of these units in my basement for the past three months.  Last night I decided to check them for consistency.  I place all four next to each other.  After 15 minutes, all four units had different humidity readings.  I left them together over night; this morning, they are all different again.  CRAZY different, ranging from 63% to 72%.  ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!!!
1,Very short time til none worked.
1,iv got though a roll and a half and i just cant seem to get good results... the color is semi inconsistent and on both rolls it goes all the way to 1.9mm so not very true to 1.75mm. one roll tangled rather badly but the other was fine so it must have been a bad batch.
1,This thing always has a voltage on the signal leg, which makes it pretty useless for my purpose.
1,Oh yeah the LCD display is scratched too! As soon as it will let me load my pictures I will.		So after spending 9 hours learning about this printer, what all was broken and how to refurbish it i was finally able to print something.		As for the printer.  It's a solid piece of equipment. This thing took a beating to get to me. I'm surprised it works at all. Ive had it print all the missing and broken pieces and I feel like it is worth the money.		That being said I don't have any thing good to say about the company that sent it to me. They took no time to ensure that the item was properly package. The printer was literally metal to cardboard and took so many hits the box was torn apart and the printer was about to fall out.		You may want to buy from the company verses through Amazon for this. I have bought many things through them and never had a problem, but this has made me rethink where and who I use in the future on purchases like this.
1,Work OK for a year then craped out.  The manufacturer never replied to emails.
1,Straight trash, I bought them to squirt oil on a hard to get to bearing. Funny thing is, one use, and the rubber gasket tears off of the plunger stem when you pull it a second time.
1,In the QA section, some customers have measured and reported that C-U Innovations sent them needles that were 1.5" long. I was expecting that when I ordered this product, however C-U sent me needles that were only 1" long. Also, the needles don't have standard needle caps so you cannot contain any leftover fluid within the needle without first removing the needle and covering the syringe opening with the (included) blue cap. That makes this product very UNFRIENDLY to use for inkjet refills because you don't want to have any leftover ink spilling out the bottom of the uncapped needle nor do you want to have to physically remove the needle just to put the blue cap on and get ink everywhere in the process.
1,Funny this is the same brand I ordered with my press but this time they got the size right other was 4.75x5. I don't understand some of the complaints about sticking, I always have to defrost my burgers to get apart. Haven't used them yet but guessing they will be no better or worse than paper used in prepared burgers bought in the meat case. Have used them today and all went well, upper/lower sheet keep the press clean and simple to stick in a foodsaver bag for freezing. One thing these came in a box labeled Pattywax Patty Paper made by Bagcraft Papercon. Different than shown bug right and made in USA, wow we make patty paper.		Reordered and again wrong size, not 5.5 square or brand showen, tired of this
1,Not the best bearings for a fidget spinner, spin time kind of sucks, and all the bearings feel like there's some kind of grit in them.
1,Very poor quality. I have issues with getting the bowden tube to line up with nozzle throat. Filament catches and will not pass, causing the filament to grind. Glad to see this is no longer available. I only wish I would have tested it sooner and not left it sitting around for over a year. I would have tried to return it.
1,Just not what you expect from Sonicare. Previous model was very good and great for for tossing in your bag to use during day. I didn't want that kind of wear and tear on my in house one. Plus I leave my work bag in the car.	But this model never leaves your teeth feeling really clean. I've been taking manual brush with me to use after. So I'll be looking for something else to use during the day but just upgraded to new Healthy White Sonicare 9/2015
1,Great concept just poor implementation.  No good way to keep the box together so its constantly falling apart without using tape.
1,Just got my spool yesterday. I'm not thrilled with it so far. It seems weaker than other PLA or ABS I've printed with, and layer adhesion is pretty bad.	Overhang stability seems above average.		The description says print temperatures of 195-215. Even at 215 and 0.25mm layers, the layer adhesion was awful. I was able to snap parts off with very little effort. I'm trying a print at higher temperatures and 0.1mm layers to see if it makes a difference.		I tried ColorFabb's woodFill last week and absolutely loved it, so I decided to give this a try. The ColorFabb seems like a better filament all around. This filament has a definite shine to it, while what I liked about ColorFabb's was the nice matte finish and ability to hide layer lines.		Unless something happens to greatly change my mind, I probably won't be buying more of this.		UPDATE: I just tested the 220C, 0.1mm print. It looks quite nice, and layer lines were hard to discern. The layer adhesion was slightly better than before, but still poor. Thin pieces snapped apart with very little effort (using only the tips of my index fingers and thumbs), and larger chunks broke away not just between layers but actually cracked in pieces as well. This is not a high-strength material.
1,I love the color, but do not find it hold package together or stick on the wall very well have to put another tape of different kind like electric tape to hold to the wall, from John Bradford
1,Performs no better than the stock hotend on my Prusa i3.  PLA and PETG ooze out once it gets hot, even if you have the filament retracted.  Too much cooling (considering that it doesn't provide any benefits).  Prints with PETG often fail from thermal runaway because the hotend can't maintain >240.
1,Should state that its not good for any leaks. Would be great for insulation, but so is regular tape.
1,I have printed a few bench tests with this and have benchmarked it against my other 3d printers (Dremel 3ED40, JG Aurora 603S, Mendel 90, Geetech 301, Anycubic Linear Plus, Tevo little Monster, Flashforge Dreamer stock, and Flashforge dreamer with Flexion Extruder Upgrade) . I mainly bought this for the mixing capability. During unboxing and inspecting it I really had some mixed opinions on it.		(Update) (After using up the 2 spools that came with it I purchased 6 more spools on Amazon. I used about 15 meters of spool from one of the new spools and not the printer displays unable to read spool (now I have a $25 overpriced spool of PLA that I cannot use on the printer it was designed for). I have had multiple filament jams, usually 5-6 hours into a 8-16 hour print. When the filament jams it does not pause the print like other 3d printers I own, it only gives you the option to cancel the print (waste of money, filament, and time). I tested the filament that the printer will not read on another printer to see if the jams are coming from the XYZ filament, It printed flawlessly on other printers. I haven't even used 3 spools of filament on it yet and the nozzle has clogged twice. My advice is to buy a slightly better quality printer.	Build Quality: the machine is Similar to a RepRap style inside so the build blate is not on the Z axis (this makes the machine large considering its build volume). The Z Axis uses four 10mm linear rods so it is built very robust but has a single stepper and threaded rod. The extruder carriage is using a single 8mm linear rod with the other support just being plastic on a piece of sheetmetal (I can see this wearing out fairly fast). The internal frame is a great design using 2020 extruded aluminum (much sturdier than most other consumer level 3d printers). The Hotend is fairly good and heats up fast. The extruder setup works great.		Software: The software is slow and really slows down my computer. It does a great job of adding support materials. I works great seting up the mixing and previewing it. If you decide to print with a raft it makes the raft way larger than it needs to be. I did try and do a print with a brim and support material, but it only added support material and not a brim (small bug for some, big bug for others). Overall it is easy to use, slow, and doesnt give you alot of control over your prints.		Pros: it is really easy to setup and use, you get a fairly descent machine for the money. The software for this does a great job of slicing and adding supports for complex prints. The prints do come out fairly good. The resolution of the prints leaves a little to be desired, Bridges and Overhangs come out almost flawless. Calibration system is spot on and easy to use.		Cons: You can only use the XYZ filaments. They have a tag in them to let the machine know you are using the companys proprietory filaments. The machine does not always read the Tag in the filament. I had one roll that came with the maching that the machine will not read. The available filaments for the machine are small, overpriced, and have limited colors available. Due to the somewhat disapointing build of the X and Y Carriages the machine does not print that fast compared to other machines I own.		Final thoughts. I believe this is a great machine for artists, beginers, kids, or people who just want to make small things. This is not a very good machine for engineers, People looking to produce usable parts or other everyday items(due to the limits of PLA filament).		Cons:
1,UPDATE: While this VG *used* to be made from coconut oil (when I gave it 5 stars originally) they switched to palm oil in 2015-2016. So I switched to Duda VG, made from 100% soybean oil and it blew ED out of the water. ED also makes soy-based VG now, but at the time I was looking to replenish my supply (about a year ago) they only offered it in 4-gallon packs. Everything else was palm-based based. That's when I found Duda VG. And I'm never going back. Priced as good as ED and can buy it in 1g quantities. I really like soy VG, even over coconut VG, and it's much more sustainable as well (even than coconut). Never going back!		Essential Depot VG is the best, bar none. Made from coconut oil, never animal fat. Tastes delicious, always fresh, and vapes like a dream. Can't beat it. Once you try Essential Depot VG you will never buy anything else.
1,These are not soft like the WipeAll 20s I'm used to.  They are much tougher (semi cloth like) but very scratchy surface and they do not absorb water anywhere near as quickly as the WipeAll 20s.
1,This ladle works but... The metal portion is too short to rest on the big dipper furnace without resting the wood portion on the heated surface. Love the smell of burning wood but not in this case. It is also very difficult to dip beyond about the half-way point. The metal portion is a very poor fit into the wood handle and tends to fall out. Don't I would buy this again.
1,THIS MANUFACTURER ADVERTISES THAT YOU ARE GOING TO GET THE ROUND WIRE SEALER BUT YOU GET A 2 MM ELEMENT INSTEAD. THERE IS NO CONTACT INFORMATION OF ANY SORT. YOU DO GET A FOLDED SHEET OF PAPER  TELLING YOU HOW TO PLUG IT IN, SET THE HEAT KNOB, PUSH DOWN ON LEVER AND THE VOLTAGES OF ALL OF THERE MODELS. THE SAD THING IS THAT I JUST WANTED THE ROUND WIRE HEATING ELEMENT THAT WAS ADVERTISED IN THE DESCRIPTION OF THIS PRODUCT. IN THIS CASE YOU ARE GOING TO GET WHAT TOY PAY FOR, I AM GOING TO GIVE THIS ONE TO MY NIECE FOR HER CRAFTS AND TRY A DIFFERENT AND MORE EXPENSIVE BRAND SEALER.
1,I bought this to look around in hard-to-reach dark places, and the narrow-beam nature of the light makes using it this way VERY tedious, at best.  Every time I need to look at something that requires a viewing angle that varies by more than a few degrees I have to pull the mirror out and (hopefully) adjust the light to a new angle that works.  At least the light is adjustable, but it doesn't help much.  Building my own model with a suitable light will waste far less of my time than using this item will waste in its use.  Someone else mentioned this in their review but I sadly ignored their observation due to the overwhelming love for this product from other reviewers .  I guess most of the other users are not relying much on the light feature.		I must say that even though this piece was made in China it seems to be built reasonably well.  (I don't hate China at all, though you might get that impression from my reviews - I am just fed up with all the garbage they seem to be selling stupid American's in record quantities.)
1,used for my cr-10. First two I tried failed prints. Switched to a different brand.
1,Not really 5 min epoxy. I have used the gray jb quick weld and that sets up in about 5 min. This stuff took more like 15 min before it did not have to be held in place. I had given this  2 stars. After the second use, I now give it 1 star. After an hour and it still will not hold parts in place.
1,junk
1,Ive bought multiple spools of 3d solutech and my prior 3 colors have all worked great.	This color however, is completely unusable. The plastic strings like crazy, curls furiously and has absolutely no bed adhesion. It will not stick to a glass bed, or itself. Print layers easily peel and separate, most of the time leaving you with a big ball of plastic spaghetti in your nozzle.	When feeling the filament, it almost seems like it has a smooth powdery quality to the outside. I suspect the dye is to blame, so do not buy this color!
1,I bought these to replace a box of painters gloves I had been using for light yard work. The other gloves would tear in the finger area after about 10 minutes. But I was done by then so no big deal. The toughest part with these gloves is getting them on without tearing the cuffs.  That must be why they come in packs of 100?!?  They fit tight in the finger area and loose on the cuff. That means debris from whatever you're using them for will fall into the palm area. Unfortunately just gentle use on non-rough surfaces caused the palm area to tear. Within a few more movements the fingers tore as well.		Today I tried a pair on again to pick up some small twigs and they literally tore apart at the palm by me simply flattening my hand out. I then put another pair on and a small thorn on a twig went straight through and cut my finger. I guess that answers the question about punctures.		Any glove that tears this easily by standard hand motions would make me uneasy about trusting them for anything medical. I now feel really cheated as I could have replaced them with 100ct painters gloves for only $4.
1,how do people like these? they fog up immediately. unwearable.
1,hard to press and wear out easily.
1,it just too small.....i just made me one...
1,Defective products  Funai has terrible customer service and Amazon just passed the buck when the digital date switch caused the product to not be needed in the original time frame.	FYI: Philco no longer exists as a company  just a former brand name Funai uses to fool the public into buying substandard crap
1,I've ordered two sets of these primarily due to their inexpensive price, and they're plastic.		However, much like other "cheaper" plastic products, the quality suffers when the price lowers.		These were pre-scratched beyond recognition nearly, and it caused a difficult time to see inside the test tube in which we were examining.		Fun for the toy box, not for the presentation.
1,I ordered two of these, with the idea to compare temperatures inside my camping van to the temperatures outside, to track the progress of my insulation project. However, prior to setting them up, I set them onto the table next to me at my desk, and they've been there for at least half an hour. One of the units reads that the current temperature is 78F and the other says 83F. Their humidity readings are at 37% and 34%.		Granted, one of the units was shipped to me in a very battered box and had clearly been used before, so that may be a factor. The one that was in the battered box and used, the two halves of the device fit together nice and snugly, however the one that was new, the clip that holds the two halves together, lets them flop around a bit -- when the protective cap over the display is on, it takes up the slack, and there's no more wiggling.		The product seems like it could be nice, maybe I just got one (or two?) bad units?
1,Ok
1,Nice leather aroma. I've been using two squirts daily in my car. I've found the fragrance dissipates after one day. Don't know if I'd buy again as it's a bit of a hassle to me to spray daily. I've changed the rating to 2 stars. The price has gone up almost double from the $8.99 I paid. Just not worth $16.99 for something that needs to be sprayed daily IMO.
1,Pros:  Looks well built.  Printed a few parts before breaking down (one week into ownership)	  Parts that were built looked acceptable for the price of the machine	  Set up and manual are easy to understand.	Cons:  Critical moving parst are not lubricated  (screw axis positioners)	  Failure of extruder connector was immediate and after finally getting someone at Customer Service to respond to me I had several people agree it was a known problem, but they are having a problem getting replacement parts (I am several weeks into communicating back and forth with no luck - I will update review if this gets some positive  attention.	  Bed leveling is very difficult.  Built in firmware has many problems.  For leveling, there are hints in other reviews on Amazon that makes it somewhat easier to get the bed closer to level.  So printing parts is hit and miss.  Some come out.  Some are a mess.	  Having to buy and use their "cartridge" filament is expensive and limiting.  Some cartridges "jam" (filament, like thread naturally crosses itself jamming).  Because it is enclosed in a case one has to break the case apart and there are differing results (because of a chip in the case) as to whether you will harm the transport mechanism or even the whole machine if you try and fix it per their website instructions.  Very risky.		Customer service (as noted in earlier reviews) much of  the time do not answer their phone during business hours.  When communicating over their messaging system they do not follow up with what they say they will do.  I do not recommend this machine to potential buyers even when they take $100 off the price.		Update: Machine is still "down" / inoperable as of 2/14/2015.  Lots of back and forth with "customer care" who are having me take the machine apart and send in a part before helping me and not making any assurances as to how long a replacement part will take to get or even if they have them.  I will update as things progress.  Very bad processes.		Update:  2/20/2015  Machine sits idle.  Really bad customer service has a part of the machine in their hands and when I ask if they are going to send a warranty replacement part in their "message center" I am given a stock answer of "when the department involved decides you will be notified".  I will update if things change.		Update:  2/25/2015  Received replacement part.  Installed easily but caused more problems than I had before.  Calling the customer service number is still a joke as you get "call back during our hours"  which I and others always call during.  (poor English because I am fuzzy after working 9 hours today on this machine).  I finally got a nice man to call me and spend much time on the phone.  We improved on the filament feed problem but he said one of the sensors may not really be sensing that the filament is there and only after trying to make parts would we know more.  Bed calibration was out (again) so several hours of re calibrating.  Finally able to make a few parts but they were horrible looking.  There are so many bugs and idiosyncrasies neither myself (an Engineer with 40 years experience) OR the nice XZY tech could say anything for sure.  Feeling like a boxer who has taken a beating I am throwing in the towel.  I will still try to get the XYZ to do something but I placed an order today for Lutzbot Mini from Amazon.  Everywhere I researched the reviews were glowing.  Even though I am past Amazon's return policy, I would be grateful if they would take back the xyz printer as it only worked for the first two weeks I had it.  (sometimes)  Even if they only gave me a store credit I would be an appreciative customer.  For now it may become a coffee table.  Please read my review carefully if you have ANY idea about buying an XYZ 3d printer product.  Many, Many hours working on it trying to get it to work and many hours trying to get reasonable responses from their online "customer service" message center which most of the time just says "forwarded to appropriate department".  Read the other one star reviews for very specific nightmares.		Update (final):  I logged 10 hours yesterday trying to get this machine to work with a part they sent me causing more problems.  Some time on the phone with a nice tech who seemed a bit baffled by the many problems.  I even sent them a photo of the messy part I finally got it to print. Their response was to refer me to the "helpline" which does not work. So late last night I pledged that it was my last 10 hours (I have many hours into this mess of a machine and company).  I will write off the $400+ my wife spent on this present.  Late last night I gave the machine to a man who is anxious to build his own from parts that can be scavenged from this nearly new machine.  I again, would, like others have urged, request Amazon to drop it's affiliation with these people.  I post below my FINAL response to them on the "ticket" in their system which in total prints out at 21 pages.  My final post is a bit long, but I hope it makes it to this review for you to observe:  "First off let me express my amazement at how bad a company can handle their business.  And that is significant given that I see a lot of bad moves in the political arena as a Registered Legislative Lobbyist.  But even today, I was somewhat shocked at one of your postings to me on this message link telling me to call the customer help number which is now becoming famous on review boards with its incredibly offensive "call back during our business hours" recording that plays no matter when one calls.  And to top it off, another voice tells you to leave a message and press star which gets you nowhere to another message saying something to the effect of "that mailbox does not exist".  Do you really not get how many people you make IRATE with that, and all your other "we forward to appropriate department" AND "our policy is...." nonsense?  And this behavior dates back to sometime last year.  It appears you HAVE NO WILL TO IMPROVE.  One tech I talked to after my first 10+ hours of trying to work the bugs out--- answered my challenge of how bad the processes and top management were with XYZ  -- answered me with what I know is an honest "You don't know the half of it."  Exact quote.  Your own people know XYZ is a mess. Take some time COMPANY EXECUTIVES to just read the one star reviews on Amazon (there are tons of them).  Get a feel for how angry and frustrated you make customers when they need you.  The five star people will learn when their units fail.  This machine is so full of problems it is amazing. XYZ is so full of process problems it is amazing.  The business decision not to tell us that a connector is faulty until we have dozens of hours trying to figure out why the extruder doesn't heat is despicable.  I have made a list of other defects that you hide and we finally find out from one of your techs (which are almost impossible to get to) OR from good people who post YouTube information on your problems and possible workarounds.  For me, yesterday was my last "10 hour workday" trying to make this thing work.  I appreciated the few good parts I got for the first week.  After connectors fail, bed cannot be calibrated with the present design, and a myriad of other very bad flaws  --  I unplug the machine and will write off the $400+ my wife spent in good faith buying this as a present that worked for a week or so.  I will pursue other avenues.  As I stated in an earlier message here:  "I give up."  I do process consulting with companies (I don't wish to take on yours), but I mention that only because I do wish you to experience some kind of epiphany, or self-realization, that SHOCKS you into a dramatic program of quality improvement that (LEAN business practices, Total Quality Control,  Listening to your front line people who know where your messes are) would lead to reverse your course of shoving new products into the marketplace without proper business support processes.  Good Luck.  Goodbye.  Rod"  END OF CONTACT WITH XYZ
1,Started reading inaccurately after one month.
1,UPDATE: Defective after 4 months and Seller Witbot will do nothing.		I ordered the V1.4 on Dec 17, 2016 and I actually received a V1.5.  Obviously, I can't promise you'll have the same luck but I was very happy.  It has the same footprint and some new protections you can google to read about.		I love that this has everything I need for my Prusa i3 integrated into one board.  So far I've done several small prints and one 16 hour print and have not had a single problem from this board.		Bought this to replace a V1.4 that I fried with loose 12V wire that ended up sending 12V through the USB port.  Also fried my LCD controller at the same time.  I was happy with the V1.4 which is why I went for the exact replacement.
1,The mirror breaks very easily. The manufacturer wants $13.38 to send me the k-2R replacement mirror. There is no sheath or protective guard provided to prevent breakage. I believe this is intentional, to generate extra revenue from replacement mirror sales.		A really borderline business plan.		I would give it 5 stars, otherwise, because it is a good product to use. Just easy to break and expensive to replace the mirror.		Staples is a better place to buy this. They will have a whole new K-2 for you to pick up at their store for $6.99.
1,I like the color but the 2 rolls I tried were garbage. It's like the filament is being twisted as it is rolled onto the spool because the issue I'm having is that  the filament is twisting as it is pulled by the extruder motor causing the gear to make a clicking noise as it pulls the filament, and in turn causing gaps in my prints. This is also causing print to be brittle. I have oriented the spool in many different positions (mounted on top of printer, spool on table next to printer, ect) Some parts of a print will look smooth while other parts look bad. My bed is leveled,  I have every upgrade on my printer there is I have been 3D printing for close to 2 year and I have never had an issue like this with any other filaments I have tried. I have not tried any other colors from them but if it is anything like this green I got I definitely will not be purchasing this brand again.
1,No clear description on the correct settings to use this filament. I received this filament with an insert card stating to use nozzle temperature of 230c. That's not a common PLA temperature, and the temperature on the product details is 190-220. Same on the filament website directly at 3d solutech's website. I tried to contact them to clarify, but I got no response. So instead of risking it, I returned it since the description doesn't match the actual product you get.
1,Very cheap. Doesn't crimp well, plastic covers fall right off.
1,I have many of these cheap hygrometers (different models and brands) and none of them are anywhere near accurate with RH or even temp. You get what you pay for.
1,poor attachment of wires.
1,Good idea, but not designed very well. The brush goes too fast, the brush is too small and the hard plastic handle hits against your teeth, and rattles on them, if you don't have the angle just right. Also, when you brush your teeth normally, you turn the brush around and up and down; thus, water running out of your mouth, goes all over the housing which allows water to get inside the housing.
1,It's nice but it seems to resolve temps by 2 degrees. Mine reads out only temp odd-numbered temps, so if it's 72 degrees, I won't know it. If you're going to buy a thermometer, it seems to me that a 1-degree resolution is not too much to ask.
1,Poor cutting.  Have to trim it my self.
1,This item was smashed and it seems that it was smashed before it was put in the envelope because there are missing parts that should have been in the envelope if it was smashed in shipping. I really do not know why someone would ship a tool like a Digital Caliper in an envelope in the first place.
1,The lifespan of this device seems to be quite limited. A couple of years ago, I bought 2 of these for my 2 boys. One of them stopped working after a couple of weeks - was able to return it to Amazon and get a replacement - and the other stopped after a little over one month. The replacement stopped working after about one month as well.		The big problem with this toothbrush is the battery compartment. Since it's using 'throw away' batteries, a bad thing by itself, there is a need for a lid to allow removal/insertion of batteries. At this price, the lid does not close tightly and water creeps in. Eventually, the entire thing stops working.		Pros for this toothbrush:	- low price.		Cons:	- short life due to almost inevitable water damage	- use of 'throw away' batteries		My recommendation: avoid.		Spend a few more and get a true Sonicare. You won't regret it. I've been using Sonicare tooth brushes for almost 10 years now. My first one was replaced after more than 5 years, mostly because I wanted a new one. My current is alive and kicking and it's likely to last for many more years if I don't choose to replace it.
1,Please for the love of all that is holy DO NOT SERVE BEER FROM THESE LINES.		You get what you pay for. I paid double in terms of REMOVING this tubing after installing it with OETIKER CLAMPS. Tasted like a chemical factory mixed with a powerful skunk like sulfur aroma that is probably unhealthy at best. Please don't serve beer from these lines people...		ITS NOT WORTH ITTT
1,Does not fuse. Rips. Doesn't stretch. I used "rescue tape" and F4 and they actually worked. I used other colors from this company and none of them worked.
1,junk pure junk
1,I'm sure it's working great but I can't get over the smell that's coming out. It's been 3 days since this filter was installed with a known good inline fan I have and I'm sure it's working great and airflow both in and out of the tent are spot on. The problem, and reason for the two stars is it smells like old stale hot dogs, or some kind of rancid meat, but with a hint of smoke or something. It's definitely coming from the filter and is the strongest when the tent door is open and it gets the best airflow. My entire apartment now smells of this weird spoiled meatish food smell, and I have to leave the windows open in the middle of winter just to get some fresh air, ironic. I'll give it a week but I'm afraid that's about it and then I'll be getting another filter and sadly it won't be a Phresh.
1,Did not form a good gasket or seal as intended.  After 72 hours it should have hardened and yet was completely liquid still.  Save your money, but the real gasket.
1,Sealant is fine, but the shipping took forever.
1,It looked like it had a lot of potential, but I couldn't get the software to install.  I suspect it was a USB driver issue.  The instructions provided for Windows 10 just didn't work.  Files could not be found or were not allowed to be accessed.  I am going to return it.  I don't know how people managed to get theirs to work at all.  Also there was no explanation or reference to why there were two USB connectors on one end of the cable and	only one on the other end.
1,Seem to leak.
1,This is a flimsy reel holder you will need to superglue the ends where the knobs screw into the bar. Mine kept on falling out and it was a real pain. After supergluing the ends into the bar it works much better. I guess I could have spent more to get a better product.
1,Super Glue even the cheapest is better. I have a tooth on my partial that I have put back on many times with super glue and is works for a long time. I thought if this stuff could glue a boat back together that I would never have to use it a second time. I have followed the directions and even held the blue light on it 10 times longer than the directions say which is 3 seconds. My tooth came off my partial in less time than it took to glue it on all three times I tried it. For me I'll stick with the two dollar super glue since I don't have any boats to glue back together.
1,awful quality...arrived damaged, cracked broken in like 6 places though it was bubble wrapped...hmmm????!!!
1,This toy would not work at all. Some simple troubleshooting revealed that the motor and switch are OK but there was a bad soldered connection in the "red" end of the battery holder, which I had to break apart with a knife to actually see or get at. Not worth fixing, in my opinion.		In any case, this is not a robot with any sort of computing power or sensors of any kind. The legs are just for looks too; it actually rolls on wheels rather than walking. The description must be wrong -- as far as I can tell with mine not functioning, this has no way to detect or react to obstacles. It is only intended to turn when it comes to the edge of a tabletop. And that it does by a simple mechanical trick, not by any "detecting" or "intelligence."
1,This stuff is a real bear to print with. I have had so many problems with it. I do not think I was able to even get one good print from the entire spool. It will not stick to the bed. I tried everything including Garolite which is what the manufacture recommends. Tried it on a Makerbot and a Printrbot. Both had the same issue. It also has trouble adhering to itself as well. Final print can be separated by layers with little trouble. Tried everything to correct these issue all to no avail. Printed at 240c, also tried higher temps as well. Nothing helped. Tried lower temps. Even over level bed to insure it would stick well on first layer. Did not help much. Product is useless. Also emits smoke and pops allot.
1,Filament diameter is hit or miss at 1.75mm, I have a few 3d printers and tried this filament in all of them, it needs at least 245 deg to ooze out and even then, it will eventually clog and start the extruder gear slip -- meaning the diameter if the filament isn't actually 1.75mm throughout.
1,the measuring writing wipes off with ease had to fix with a clear coat of fingernail polish
1,Absolute junk, I have no idea why this product is so highly reviewed. I'd suggest these might be only good for plastic or extremely thin wall tubing.		When they arrived, I immediately noticed they didn't appear very sharp.		One of the bits worked for enlarging 2 or 3 holes in low-grade, rusty, mild steel tubing (a boat trailer.) The rest of the bits wouldn't even make a dent: Even going slow with lots of oil and a large starting size, most of the bits wouldn't even start cutting! I also tried going fast, and tried different sizes. All but one bit was entirely worthless. The one bit that did work, only enlarged 3 holes before it stopped working.		For comparison, I have a single step drill bit from the big-red-brand sold at the big-orange-store that I have used for years drilling exactly this same kind of material. I felt it was getting a little slow, so I decided to try these. In the end, I wound up going back to my old, heavily used step bit that was not really that much more expensive, and it worked far better than any of these bits.		I'll be throwing these away.
1,The actual product did not look anything like the sales photo. The washers that arrived were sooted in black and overall too dirty to handle. I returned it.
1,I received a similar item. but in a blue case.  No big deal there.  However, one of the points was missing, and it was not the one that ships installed in the gauge (which was there).  Other reviewers have reported a similar issue, saying they didn't need it so it wasn't a big deal.  I didn't need it (yet) either, but I might in the future, and I paid for a complete kit.  I did not spend a ton of time analysing the quality of item.  It seems like typical overseas mediocrity, but I'm sure it would've worked well enough for me had I kept it.  Didn't bother with a replacement since this seems a common complaint and I don't want to keep wasting time.
1,This thing can not hold a calibration to save its life. I am not talking about months or days, mere minutes and the readings can start to shift. Just sticking with the chemical color change solution and having no problems. Probable a faulty one, but it still has turned me off to the whole ph meter idea.
1,I must have a defective unit, but this thing will not keep a reading. It jumps wildly over and over again, never stopping on a single measurement. Pretty disappointed after reading all the positive reviews. Will be returning.
1,Do not buy this. 26yr machinist and the cheapest test dial ind is better then this one
1,This item was purchased as a gift for me.  It has a 30 day manufacturer's warranty and Amazon's return policy expired in Nov of '12.  It is the #105 steth, but even though it is a budget model, it should still function properly.  Taps on the diaphragm are about the only thing you can hear.  I gave it one star because the sphygmomanometer works very well.
1,Unless you want to print some figures for fun, stay away from this filament. I was trying to print some functionalk parts and after days of trying was not able to make this filament work in any acceptable way. On top of horribly bugged Simplyfy3D software it turned out into nightmare. No matter which flow multiplier I set, it would still underextrude horrible. I tried slowing down the print, that somewhat helped, but still, this filament is way too soft to print anything usable on modern 3D printer. Feed will be inconsistent, oozing is horrible too. You will waste half of this roll before you will be able to see any result at all, and the result will be mediocre at it's best. Part will require a lot of afterwork.
1,There were air pockets in some of the canisters that I had, and since the air compresses it causes the tip to continually ooze out even when you are not squeezing the trigger. If red devil would vacuum seal their products properly this might not happen.
1,I have had several of these toothbrushes both for me and for my husband. The head barely vibrates now and even when you turn it on and put it under water, it doesn't move the water. I tried turning it on and putting it on my hand. It makes noise but doesn't vibrate anymore. I called the company and they said it had turned 2 years old so I'm on my own. I have bought several of these and the vibration to clean my teeth is minimal, very disappointed especailly for the price of these.	dee
1,This tape is strong. The adhesive is not rendering this tape almist useless. Strong tape is nothing is it doesn't stick to anything.  I was very hopefull, only to be supremely disappointed.
1,failed after a week,,,
1,they fall apart.
1,I bought these thinking they could hold a 5000lb truck. Drove up truck gently and they collapsed. May be good for small cars or something. 16,000lbs is false advertisement and is going to kill someone. They did take it back and I was refunded.
1,maybe if these had gold embedded in them they'd be worth this much.  but as it stands - this isn't any more special than any other PLA you can get for about half the price.
1,Not as strong a vac as I would like.  Compared to old Phantom, it has slightly more convenient attachments, but has about 75% of the suck.
1,I bought here a Safavieh runner made from a very tough textile. It had been rolled up tightly and just did not want to lay flat. I had difficulty getting the ends to stay down as well as parts in the middle wanting to ride up. I was using this tape already on other rugs but it was not working :&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Optimum-Technologies-Lok-Lift-Rug-Gripper-Slip-Resistant-Rug-Tape-for-Rugs-and-Mats-2-5-Inches-by-25-Feet/dp/B000UGT4RY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Optimum Technologies Lok Lift Rug Gripper Slip-Resistant Rug Tape for Rugs and Mats, 2.5-Inches by 25-Feet</a>&nbsp;. So I decided to try this Melca double sided tape. It did not work and I did request a refund for the unused portion, which Amazon approved. The ad claims a few things so I will address them all. I also posted a photo of the floor after taking up the rug - I am not sure how I will get it off, I ordered acetone to try that. The rubber backed rug I put over the tape until I can get it off did not want to come off when I wanted to take the photos.  I recommend if you have tile floors to try something else, like the Lok Lift tape I used. It both holds and comes off fine.		"Highest viscosity available provides the strongest and longest hold, Leaves absolutely no residue"  The tape left no residue on the CARPET but the floor is another story. I used a lot of the tape trying to get the rug to stay down, and when I pulled up rug to return it, the tape all stayed behind. If i walk on it, I cannot get my foot/shoe off without a struggle. What a mess.	"Stream out a long strand without it becoming totally stuck and wrapped around something"	This is not the case. This is the MOST sticky tape I have ever dealt with. If it touches anything before you get it on the rug or floor, it will stick and does not want to easily come off.		"Optimal weight and pliability, the best tape on the market is easy to handle, apply and remove" I already spoke of how it is NOT easy to remove. Maybe they mean from the carpet, but they need to think about tile floors!
1,I bought this to attempt aiming a cell phone amplifier antenna.  It did not register at all so cheerfully returned it.
1,sprays like theres a clog in it, shook it like crazy, still a bad uneven spray. they make a break cleaner thats great, the grease can needs some work, also the red nozzle to attach to it would hardly go on. I'll be going back to wd40 brand
1,not even close was to be 7/8 OD and 5/8 ID it's 29/32 OD so like .917 should be .875  ID is like  .582 should be .6325	 not happy at all
1,The water pic is fine but the sonic tooth brush is horrible. I've used Philips Sonicare and still use/have a Wellness Ora Care sonic toothbrush. Both work well. That said I wanted a water flosser but didn't want to have two appliances to plug in and taking up space so I bought this Waterpic Ortho Care with the Sonic brush built into one unit.		The water flosser works well but the sonic toothbrush not so much. The toothbrush has two settings, Low and High. The low setting doesn't feel like it's doing much of anything. If I touch the bristles with my finger on the low setting the hardly move. On the high setting it feels like a jackhammer in my mouth. It's way too harsh and uncomfortable compared to my other two Sonic toothbrushes. I called Waterpic about it. They said they have other models that may work better. Unfortunately,  I think Waterpik makes a great water flosser but not Sonic toothbrushes. I don't want to send this back to Amazon but dang, I so wanted this to work. :/
1,Don't waste money on this,  u won't to much money!!!!!	 ( for 20.00 dollars in parts) if that . Chinese parts are even cheaper. u can make this out of surplus parts 4 pennies,	 People go get a flir TK,	at least u get something complete .	O and u have to supply the  hart the 300 500 phone and os.	45.00 max and the app stud be free.
1,These cost more than the same exact ones from ebay. They also don't have the yellowish ring like the picture. The ring that holds the bearings are plastic upon opening the dust shield, exactly like the ones from ebay. You can get cheaper ones on amazon Mini Skater Skateboard Bearing 7x8x22mm ABEC 9 Precision 608 ZZ Scooter Longborad Bearings (16 Pcs Blue Silvery), you get more of them for less, and the ring that holds the bearings is metal. The rubber shield on them makes them easier to clean too. Would not buy again.
1,I cannot recommend these gloves. Less than 20% of them are usable. Most of them are melted together. Many of the remainder are degraded to the point of being useless.	I strongly suggest picking another supplier and a different brand altogether.	These are a waste of money.	The attached picture is sample from the box.
1,I bought these from Pep Boys because they had a 25% off sale and the "16,000 pound" models were $44 with tax. I picked them up locally. I did a lot of research on various ramps but looked at the smaller Rhino ramp reviews on Amazon, not the reviews for the larger "16,000 pound" set. The photos supplied by some Amazon customers of the Rhino ramps basically collapsing under load have me strongly considering returning them before I ever use them.		The stated "16,000 pound" load rating is very deceptive. On the bottom of each ramp, the following weight ratings are stamped:	"Do Not Exceed Rated Capacity of 4,000 pounds each, 8,000 pounds per pair or 16,000 pounds gross vehicle weight"	They are NOT rated for 16,000 pounds each or as a pair. I attached a photo of these ratings and the made in USA data but they might be hard to read.		The ramps are made in the USA and I saw some chatter about filling the ramps with poly foam to stiffen them up and stabilize them I think Rhino Ramps should be doing that, not forcing customers to do after market modifications to avoid injury. More to come when I decide whether or not to keep these particular ramps.		I'm looking at Race Ramps RR-56-2 ramps but they are a LOT more money - like $200 even with the 15% coupon. But given a choice between spending another $160 for ramps or getting maimed or killed by flimsy ramps really isn't a choice.		7/12/16 update - I took these back to Pep Boys and got a refund. They would not fit under 2 of my 3 cars because they are too steep and too short to accommodate the lower front ends. Add in the potential for the "smash factor" and I won't miss these ramps. They might be OK for a lawn tractor or an ATV but I'm not putting a 5300 pound truck on them. I ordered 66 inch all aluminum ramps.
1,i'm sure it has its place but i rather duct tape
1,Not well made, harder to insert limbs and most frustrating is the head keeps slipping out. Get the black one from the other company appx same price. Had one that lasted for 4 yrs.		Update: I threw it away after a couple weeks of constant frustration, with the stethoscope falling out over and over. Waiting for a replacement by the OTHER brand, same price.
1,very unhandy
1,Medline customer support advises me that the product is not sterile, and intended for use only on scrapes and minor wounds. Customer service advises that it is not suitable for use on serious or surgical wounds. Thus to label the bottle label "Wounded Cleanser" is false and misleading.
1,I purchased this to seal a small hole in a rubber pig. The product description said it could be used on rubber so I decided to give it a try. My Dobie's favorite toy is a pink rubber pig that squeaks. One day I noticed that he was pulling out the pig's insides through a small tear in the side. Because it is such a tiny tear I did not think there woud be any harm in using an adhesive. When I received this Loctite I read all the information on the back of the package. There are a lot of directions and a good bit of technical data. There is a section labeled "DANGER" that warns of the various dangers of using this product.  One of the warnings is that inhaling the vapor may be harmful or fatal. There is a "WARNING" that states "This product contains a chemical known to the state of California to cause cancer, etc". Obviously I can not use this on the pig that my Dobie carries in his mouth.		I give this one star based solely on my inability to use this item for the reason it was purchased. I have no other need for this item. One star is probably not fair but it is the only rating I can give based on my lack of usage due to the severe warnings. I have no doubt that there are situations where this product can be safely used but I do not have such a need.
1,It is my mistake. I needed more rigid tubing but this one is too soft.
1,I was very very disappointed with this Filament it warps badly even with the slowest and optimized printing configuration I really tried for 3 days to get the best out of it and still warps bad.	I have no idea why would anyone give it 5 stars.	Sadly I bought 2 spools one by mistake now I have to waste them as much as I could and perfect the printing to best I can
1,Works great the first time use but drys out in a short time.
1,Cheap lights but only about half of them work right. The others flicker constantly when they are on.
1,Great vibrant color.		Goopy, stringy and smelly.	Would not buy again.
1,Have yet to get it to work properly. It doesn't even come close when calibrating, so I decided to purchase a BlueLabs truncheon. No calibration needed with that product. Goodbye Apera ec meter. I have an Apera ph meter that works well, just not good for the ec meter.
1,<div id="video-block-R1B9OU9025B7YO" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/C1ugrHvch9S.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81uTTADY63S.png" class="video-slate-img-url">Words can't completely describe this, so please watch my 1 1/2 minute video and you can see what's inside the box.  For the cost of this product, this is all marketing and packaging, a lot of space, and a VERY SMALL amount of product, and the product is mostly just tape or strips of stuff to decorate, not really all that useful.		I will say that the product items, the tape, does appear to be high quality good tape, good command-strips, good "hook and latch" (looks like Velcro(TM)), so what you do get is good, and I will say that someone really creative could put these to good use, however I suspect they would be disappointed in the quantities of each.		The bottom line measure of success (or lack of success in this case) came when my senior in high school, and my junior in college, both pretty creative daughters, said, what? why? chuckled at it, and neither one wanted it.  Sorry, this is an expensive box that you might think you are getting something special with, or if you are giving it as a gift, it might make you feel that it looks like a nice gift and you paid a lot for it, but no... it's not.
1,LOVE camera but NO product support,  want to buy upgrade but cant get access to company, additionally worked on Samsung G5 and Nexus 7 but they stopped operation on Nexus 7 after "trial period":  cant contact anyone,  SUPPORT SUCKS!
1,I found the temperature measurements for this unit to be way off in the short-term, compared against 3 other extremely accurate units. I expected this thing to update fairly quickly, but in hindsight this unit is better for reading the average temperature and humidity of a room over the course of a day, rather than obtaining a new temperature measurement within minutes. Would not recommend for use with an indoor garden.
1,Not for outdoor use.  This stayed up about 2 days before falling off.  If the sticky side gets wet or even if its slightly humid it will not work at all!  the Industrial stuff is amazing for outdoor use or wet locations!
1,These leak air bad. I had to return these. I wouldnt trust these for traveling at all.
1,I was looking to buy the  1.88-Inch by 35-Yard Tape Roll which is 10.54 & eligible for FREE Super Saver Shipping, but mistook the  1-7/8" x 12 Yard Roll  which is  9.89 (with  FREE Super Saver Shipping).  I originally had the 35-Yard in view but lost it after looking for another item with Super Saver Shipping, and was in a rush when i ordered it later, and unless you look at the product details - which I should have done (!) - you can easily mistake the 12 yd roll. My fault, but  9.89 is  quite high for just 12 yards. (http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0026V4FOI/ref=pe_175190_21431760_M3T1_ST1_dp_2)
1,It changes all by itself from inches to MM and does this quite often.  Also when you measure something with it then close it, it should go back to zero, but most of the time it doesn't, so you're never quite sure what measurement you really have.
1,Nothing but common, cheapo, plastic-handled, art store pallet knives. They still have the numbers on the handle.
1,I purchased these for my son's science project and ended up tossing them in favor of a digital meter.  I'm not sure if I just got a bad set or not, but these were not accurate in the least bit.  Not recommended.
1,You must be very careful these cover slip break too easy. Other than that they are an okay product to purchase.
1,One of the leads failed the first time I used it.
1,The spool I received prints absolutely beautifully, and is very well priced. The color itself is also deep and rich and very nice.		*UPDATE*	My initial review was, alas, too soon. One of the principal reasons to print with ABS, which is more fickle than PLA, is of course acetone vapour smoothing. THIS FILAMENT DOES NOT VAPOUR SMOOTH. Sure, maybe it'll get a little shinier, but it won't come even close to smoothing out. Shame really, because the filament printed beautifully, but without smoothing what is the point?
1,Tape is thin and has not the adhesive strength to hold a throw rug in place for more than one day. I would not recommend this product.
1,Buyer Beware,  I have owned 2 of these robots.  They both will develop an electrical problem within a year and will continue to beep when you put it on the charger, They send a replacement and the second one begin doing the same thing, other words the robot is good for approximant one year at most.  Additionally the charger cradle is equally a waste of money.  Do yourself a favor and save the grief and aggravation and skip this unperfected robot that will turn out to be ready for the garbage can within a year.  As far as the cleaning goes when it does work it basically just spreads the dirt around evenly so its not noticed.  DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY
1,Tastes and smells like perfume. Either I got a contaminated bag or it's impure or made from alien corn. I washed it down the sink. I usually buy another brand Now. It has no undesirable taste.
1,I suppose some people have found this tape to be a real problem solver. For me, I found it to be a sticky mess, of tape, and too pricey. Hey, another thing no reviewer who raved about this mentioned that once the sealed packaged is opened, and this roll is soaked in water, you better have use for all of it as any left not usable in the future.
1,Never even used it and it's garbage. I took these out of the package and attempted to attach them to my meter. The red one is ok but the black one just falls off. I removed the clip from the boot to try and crimp the sleeve so I could get it to stay attached, to complete the project I ordered them for. The metal is so thin and weak that I gave up and tossed it in the trash. You wouldn't think it would matter much with these, but you really do get what you pay for.
1,I ordered one of these for a 32 gallon can I was getting.  Soon realized as I looked at it, that it was perfectly flat, so wouldn't allow rain or snow to slide off it, and I expect ice would probably crack it at some time in the future.  I returned it for another, on my dime I might add, and got a domed version to fit the can.
1,I like Chemical Guys detail spray, so I thought I would try this. I suggest you do not waste your money on this product.
1,you very off buying the ones you need
1,I just finished my first spool of this stuff.  I love the color but I had a few tangles...one in particular that was responsible for wasting almost 1/4 of the spool since it caused a jam towards the end of a huge print.  In spite of that I liked the color so much I was going to give a 2nd spool a try, but with the price varying wildly from the $22.98 I originally spent to over $33 when I looked yesterday, and now $27 today...forget it.  For $29 I can get a spool of top-notch Atomic Filament's silver PLA that's made right here in the USA too.		I think $22.98 with Prime shipping is a fair for a decent printing Chinese-made filament....but not a dollar more.  There are plenty of high-quality domestically made filaments for about the same price or a little mode like Protoparadigm, Atomic Filament (awesome stuff), and even MakerGeeks regular "Maker" PLA.
1,Variable speed control doesn't run slow enough. can hardly tell the difference. Have other fans with independent speed controls that work much better. would not buy this again
1,the v blocks are great, but the clamps broke upon first use, they cast and don't hold up well.  I am going to machine some out of mild steel.
1,Well, I've run through what's availabile locally/Amazon and here's my review of the different brand multifold towels.  My review is based on using a SINGLE towel to dry freshly washed (and gently shaked) hands.  Requirement was to have sufficiently dry hands (absorbancy) without easily tearing (durability).  Ratings are 1-5 stars.  I did not factor in price (they are all within ~$10 of each other) or box quantity.		SCOTT Multifold Paper Towels (Amazon)	Absorbency: ** (2 stars)	Durability: ***** (5 stars)	Overall: ** (2 stars)	These ranked lowest on absorbency (only wax paper is less absorbent), but high on durability.  Two towels required to sufficiently dry hands, but little/no tearing.		Marathon Multifold Paper Towels (Costco)	Absorbency: *** (3 stars)	Durability: ** (2 stars)	Overall: *** (3 stars)	Your average towel.  Med absorbency, med durability.  You effectively needed two towels to dry OR carefully dry with one towel.  Rips easily when wet.		Georgia-Pacific Signature White 2-Ply Premium Multifold Paper Towel (Amazon)	Absorbency: *** (3 stars)	Durability: *** (3 stars)	Overall: *** (3 stars)	Very similar to the Marathon in overall performance, slightly more absorbent.		Kimberly-Clark Professional KLEENEX Multifold Paper Towels (Amazon)	Absorbency: ***** (5 stars)	Durability: ***** (5 stars)	Overall: ***** (5 stars)	Top of the line.  Excellent absorbency and durability, easily drys hands with one towel without ripping/tearing.  Good comfortable texture and composition, almost approaches fabric in appearance and feel.  As far as I'm concerned, these are the towels by which all others are measured.
1,Kit has few larger grommets and a ton of tiny grommets. Diameter measurements are for the size hole you are inserting the grommet into, not the inside diameter of the grommet. Not what I was expecting.
1,garbage
1,I use a LOT of PLA, and this is pretty disappointing filament.  I've had more clogs with this spool than I've had in a long time.  If a print was more than a couple of hours, I KNEW it just wouldn't be able to finish.  I suspect that this is not pure PLA, based on the awful smell and weird super-glossy appearance of the (unmelted) plastic.  I've had better luck with some of their other colors, but their black is a definite stay away from.  I ended up throwing this spool out when it was still 2/3 full.  I couldn't even in good consience give it away.
1,Wasn't a fan of this filament. Heard good things about this brand but the filament was really stringy and had a hard time with layer adhesion. Not sure if it was just the roll I got but I won't be risking another purchase.
1,Too bad they don't supply the product as advertised. The sheet was undersized by .20". It's called dishonesty.
1,I struggled with the strap arrangement, especially the "safety" strap.	It's too short	The rear strap slips off the back of the motor.	The handle sits so close to the motor top, I can barely get fingers under it.	Some metal lifting ring or hook would surely slice up the paint on the top.	Good idea I suppose but it did not work for a brand new Merc 8hp 4 stroke motor.
1,The Printrboard fried after about six months, probably because thee board itself is manufactured cheaply.		Printrbot said it was out of warranty, but the electronics shouldn't randomly go bad if they are made properly.		The mechanics of the printer itself are good (the auto-leveling is very nice), but if the board fries, the replacements are $70 from Printrbot.
1,Device stopped working after 8 months. Resetting device didn't help. Awair support is friendly, but unable to resolve the issue.
1,As other reviewers have noted, this thing is not accurate. Compared to other hygrometers, it gives very inaccurate readings. Cheap, disappointing, prolly made in China...
1,Missing the roller for the spool
1,Bought it to control a brush type grinder motor rated at 6 amps. Had to return it because it only reduced speed to about half minimum.
1,Too small for extra large hands!
1,I buy these often and I have found that almost every seller of serenity seems to send you what ever brand they have at the time. So sometimes I get a good quality tens pad and then other times I get junk that only works one time because the stick peels or loses it's stick. This is a good deal but a gamble!
1,Hard to believe, with over a billion iOS devices in use, that this is an Android only scope. Perhaps if the developers took this into consideration, they'd understand just how much money they're losing. Interesting that they use an Apple MacBookPro in their images on Amazon's site - however, there is no indication that there is an App that would make the scope compatible. This looks like deceptive advertising, so I'll contact Amazon in regards to this.
1,2 days, spring blew out and it was next to impossible to fix. So.many better brands , these suck
1,I just got this and found calibration was way off right out of the box. I went through the calibration process several times and every time I powered it off and back on it lost calibration. Im sending it back.
1,Are you imagining this thing to be the size of a hockey puck?  It's less than half that size.		Really low-end finish -- lots of flash rubber still hanging off it.  Except where there's not enough rubber to the point that there are voids and you can see the canvas (?) structural stuff.		I returned mine.  I can dado a little groove through a piece of 2x4 and make a more trustworthy device.
1,I had all kinds of problems trying to print with this PETG. I thought it was just me for awhile, but after a little bit of testing and changing to a different brand of filament, I realize it wasn't me.		For whatever reason it seems to be brittle and breaks easily with poor layer adhesion. I'm going to try a different color of Hatchbox PETG, however for now the silver is just unusable for me. I would have returned it, but I used so much of it just trying to get a good print that I'm about halfway through the roll.
1,The USB connector on mine only made intermittent contact, so there was no opportunity to upgrade the firmware, which was difficult to track down. The target upgrade pages cited in the manual don't seem to exist. The buttons listed to one side, appearing and feeling as though they had been slightly crushed. The manual was printed in fuzzy 4-point type, and is written in truly appallingly translated English ... almost a self-parody. The whole thing is being returned.		All that aside,  it functions, if a bit obscurely. I'm sure if you're an oscope whiz it would be easier. I got it to brush up, explore further, and work on some projects. I wound up ordering the multi-channel unit ... at least if that works ok I'll get better mileage from it.		As titled ... I think I was just unlucky with mine.
1,Poor quality LED. You can see each color LED in the package when turned on.
1,Haven't received it yet but I found out that this is falsely advertised. It has a 4,000# MAXIMUM WORKING LOAD LIMIT with a 10,000# BREAKING STRENGTH.		Here is the product page from the manufacturer		[...]	it is the WS20HD0600 2"x20' heavy duty winch strap.		Don't buy this thinking it will withstand more than 4000 lbs!
1,A sensor designed for an alarm system. It does not have an alarm and cannot work independantly. I bought it thinking it was a heat alarm and found it works only with an alarm system. Contacted the company, but they do not pay for return shipping. I guess I will donate it to someone as the return shipping cost is about the cost of the item.
1,Not very sturdy. Try plymor.
1,I like hatchbox.  Its always been the best I've found. But my issues are like the others. There is a bunch of popping and sputtering going on. Plus I ordered silver and they sent me black. I will order more hatchbox, but not from this company.
1,piece of crap. i slipped a piece of 20g into the 22g slot. that's not supposed to happen so this gauge is useless.
1,these are not to specs or quality standards. i couldn't even get 2 of them to work in a dremel 4000 (with 1/8" collet). it turns out that the diameter of the bit is variable among all 4 pieces. i will give one of the bits a 4 star, as it was 0.126" diameter. another wasn't bad at 0.121". but the other two will not work for me since there shaft diameter is 0.171 and 0.129. they must be using cheap materials to have such variability. you might get 4 good ones, but it doesnt seem worth the time, unless you are a gambler. with such variability in the shaft, i don't know that i trust the workmanship of the actual grinding stone. since i cant use them, i cant tell you if they are going to fall apart. amazon was great about exchanging for a better set.
1,My green 30 micron sheet came with a lump in it. Light blue and pink were also creased so badly in the package I couldn't use the middle of the sheets.		The package itself is creased in half, which weakens the paper so you had better plan on using halves instead of a full sheet.		For that reason, these sheets are annoying. I'd rather pay $3 in store for the pack, and get the sheets flat where I can see them beforehand.
1,Takes way to much heat to completely melt the heat shrink !	You will end up with mostly burned wires.
1,Low quality tool holders. The "E" style holder wasn't machined correctly and caused a great deal of chatter and broken inserts while doing light facing cuts. Problematic especially when using more expensive inserts. The other tool holders seem fine for the limited time I used them. I am upgrading toolholders to better quality at the current time. You are better off spending your money elsewhere as these are a crap shoot at best.
1,Does adjust making threading a nightmare.
1,Product is still gooey 24 hours later at room temperature.  Weak, and rather difficult to mix properly.  Will not buy again.
1,no comment
1,Quality is not very good. Kinks alot.
1,I find this patty paper to be thinner and less waxed that the commercial papers I have used.  The meat sticks to the paper and the patties are hard to separate.  There are better choices out there.	Wouldn't buy again.
1,Of course, as soon as I got this, I tried the Groot bust. It came out nicely - I ran it at 212c and everything went well. I took away a star from what would have been a 5 star review because of the spool - the inside diameter is too small to fit on my Printrbot Simple Metal spool holder and I had to rig something with the handle and a clamp. Otherwise, fine stuff. No clogs yet :)		Edit: OMG strings! For Groot, it worked fine but as soon as I started printing something with supports (by Meshmixer) STRINGS! I've dropped the temp back down to 207, but it's still starting its own cat's cradle. The photo isn't a failed print, it's the strings from this filament! At this point I would not recommend this. Hopefully I'll find the right settings and it won't be a complete loss.		Final edit: Nope, I'm just not up to experimenting with this stuff. I have things to make, and if they can't give settings for their specialty filament, I'll have to use other that works right without hours of tweaking. Returning the filament and getting another.
1,Pretty light gauge metal. You get what you pay for.
1,VERY SAD ITS NOT WORTH THE $$$$  IT WORKS BUT ITS SOOOOOOO FAINT YOU CAN TELL.
1,I keep looking for "the best" solution in printing, but nothing beats blue tape, PLA would lift, curl, and warp while using BuildTak on my Printrbot, I reverted back to blue tape.
1,After a week my teeth weren't white. After 2 weeks I wondered if I kind of noticed a difference but there is definitely no definite whitening action.		Which is too bad because I really suffered using this toothpaste. I don't know if burning like fire is supposed to make me feel like it is working. But this is just burns. My lips hurt. My mouth hurts. My tongue is not speaking to me. There is a point where mint goes from "refreshing" to "chemical weapon". I think Colgate missed that line.		If you are an actor and need to cry for a role, I suggest this toothpaste. But if you like your mouth find something else.
1,It's as thin as water, so unless you need to apply this to a large area, it's almost impossible to keep the liquid where you need it. It also takes a long time to dry
1,I had hoped that I could use this camera to just snap a shot of whatever I was looking at though the eyepiece, but as far as I can tell there is no way to set this camera so that it sees what you see - you must reframe, rezoom, and refocus everything you want to take a photo.		Also, most other USB microscope cameras I have use simply show up as a standard webcam when connected to a computer. This is nice because it does not need any drivers or software and you can do handy things like show the microscope view to someone over Skype. Unfortunately this camera need drivers and seems to only work with the specified software which is not that great.
1,It worked great, for exactly 34 days.  Then the numbers started disappearing.  See photo.  Makes use impossible.  New battery did not help.  Frustrating, because I did like it.
1,This is the worst pla I have ever used	save your self the trouble and money and DO NOT BUY
1,It showed sign of degrading six month later. The new cost now $64... well, time to return the replacement.
1,Sad. Worked when I got it, but it failed the second time. I don't see any warranty, so my bad for buying it. POS.
1,Thought these were comparable to those in the auto parts store but after trying them, they are not. The internal metal is not sturdy enough to hold the crimp on the wire. Just a slight tug and the wire becomes loose, another slight tug and it will pull right out. I had a few of these come apart when trying to disconnect them from switches. When you grab the blue part to pull it off the corresponding blade, the blue part and the wire come off but the metal part stays connected. I do not recommend these connectors.
1,Didn't work at all I wouldn't recommend it. To trying it three or four times longus it lasted without peeling off was an hour
1,Full of bubbles, inconsistencies, and problems. I don't recommend this or and 3D Solutech
1,Very inaccurate. Would not buy again.
1,The one I received did not work properly.  First off, the case is not assembled. This would not be an issue except that the case was not cut and drilled to fit exactly.  The holes did not line up.  I was willing to overlook this until I tried to use the device.  The first thing I tested was an inductor. Instead of reading the inductance it read the resistance only of the coil.  Then when finished it would not shut off.  I tried to go through the shutdown procedure by long pressing the test switch but moments later it turned back on without notice and would not shut down.  I had to remove the battery.		Item returned to Amazon.
1,I've used this over the past few years and many items have now come apart. The glue seems to get brittle and break. It also bubbles up to yellow/orange tint which is annoying. I guess if your using the glue to seal 2 pieces of carpet together or something that will be walked on, it works fine. But for items you intend on handling it's a joke. And I've followed the directions so don't suggest this. I now use E6000 glue.
1,I bought this to deter my toddlers from turning on the fireplace.  The design is mediocre at best.  Sharp edges on the product, (cut my self).  The worst part is that the unit attaches to the switch plate with flimsy connectors.  Kids pulled on it because it was Red.  Pulled it off the wall.  Master Lock used to stand for quality.  Somebody at Master Lock missed the mark completely with this product.
1,The nut on the end gets in the way.  Hunt for one with a screw on the end.
1,Valve handle cannot take much abuse, but for a smaller ball valve that is not surprising
1,I've had this printer for a month, but actually only used it 8 times to print a model 0.5 inches tall by 0.75 inches wide.  Now the printer will not print anymore.  I have tried everything to get it to work, Calibration, cleaning the resin tank (wasting very expensive resin in the process), adjusting the laser strength, but nothing works.  I also contacted XYZPrinting Support to get it fixed or replaced, but the only thing they have done is tell me they are sorry.  I had high expectations for this printer, but it has turned out to be nothing more than a $1641.41 piece of junk.		Buyers BEWARE!!!!
1,I have a few of these and I intended to used them for multiple purposes. Once for gas.....not good,and once for water.....also not good. Not a chance in hell these work like they should. I got a few cheap and thats probably why. One set came with a coupler to join extention hoses to it but of course it simply popped out and not worth the effort. If I could meaure the amount of liquid that they "filtered" I would say about 1 gallon in 5 hours. I know what I'm doing but you can't make a crummy product work if it's designed poorly.
1,was/ is not whet we  thought it was we can only use them once and have to throw out when we are done using one just one of them
1,Well, not really that long.  I set it up in my offce and after about two hours the readings settled out at 70 degrees and 23 % humidity.  I turned on the humidfier and the humidity reading dropped to 13% and temp climbed to 72 degrees overnight.  Neither indication would change not matter what the temp or humidty really was.		Amzon, as always,  made returning it simple and my refund was recieved almost immediately.
1,Barely as large as advertised. And so thin that putting a coin inside of a bag sometimes breaks it. Not to mention there was a malfunction in the process to where about half of the bags had holes in the bottem just a tiny spot that was never sealed.
1,The picture is misleading. It shows a wheel that was machined. The actual wheel is made of sintered iron (looks like cast iron but it is easier to manufacture) and painted grey. It comes with all the pitfalls of chap casting, the major one being dimensional variability. There are more holes and smaller. The axle is bolt and nut - a plus because you can take it apart and add 10mm flat washers to stop the wheel moving from side to side. The bad part is that the wheel hole for the axle is not centered in the middle of the wheel and that the wheel hub side faces are not parallel to the wheel or to each other. So if you shim it with washers you will also have to clean the hub faces. Also the wheel hole for the axle is larger than the axle and even after shimming you will still get some side play. On the plus side is that the load is higher than the similar sized plastic wheels - the reason I bought them. You can also use more of them and mount them in a row to increase total load capacity while still maintaining maneuverability.	Unfortunately I could not find a better quality 2" fixed wheel with same load capacity even if I wanted to pay more.
1,Bought this with a spool of black, the black was semi ok had curling issues but the white is the worst curling filament I have used so far. It's not a true white more like a cream color. I wouldn't reccomend anyone buying the white.
1,I have just returned this product.  The switch was working well until, after less than a month of use, it quit.  I took the unit apart and found that a tiny - REALLY TINY - white piece of plastic was what connected the top of the foot switch to the electrical device.  It was the trigger that make the switch go on and off.  That pice of plastic had broke.  IF they had made the switch with a metal piece instead of plastic the thing might have lasted a lifetime.  This will forever be a mystery to me.  Why would a designer make a critical part that will take stress both small and plastic?  Why not increase the diameter of the part (in this case very easy to do) and make it out of something that will last?  The plastic part was about 1/16 of an inch square, maybe less.  Why?  A 1/4 inch piece of good plastic would probably last 10 years.  A 1/4 inch piece of quality metal would last forever.  What would that cost?  Maybe another dollar or two max?  Incredible.		AD2
1,The barbed section is very short.  Getting it to seal up with heavy poly pipe was a chore.  Go get a good one at a landscape supply place that has brass fittings.  Hope I don't have to dig this pipe up because these fittings are leaking.
1,No strong joint, no adhesion to plastics, metals, glass or whatsoever. No matter what seller says, this is WOOD GLUE. For wood it works nicely, but do not ever attempt to use it for anything else.
1,These are good probes and all, but they didn't actually fit the Amprobe AM-510 I bought along with them.  They're loose and tend to fall out easily.  Weird.  They do fit a little better in a Wavetek meter I have.  I dunno.
1,Did not work out of the box. Trimmer did not adjust anything. Many LED bars were out already. Would not change reading regardless of solution it was in. More junk being sold by Amazon.
1,These are not okay.  The bottle caps do not screw on evenly and the oriface reducers do not fit tightly.  I thought they may be okay for working on new blends.  I was sorely disappointed. The cap did not seal enough to hold the oils in. They are missing the inserts in the caps that prevent leaking. I discovered this when two laying on their side leaked out.  I won't be buying this brand again.
1,Thought these were comparable to those in the auto parts store but after trying them, they are not. The internal metal is not sturdy enough to hold the crimp on the wire. Just a slight tug and the wire becomes loose, another slight tug and it will pull right out. I had a few of these come apart when trying to disconnect them from switches. When you grab the blue part to pull it off the corresponding blade, the blue part and the wire come off but the metal part stays connected. I do not recommend these connectors.
1,THIS  is NOT a REAL K-type compliant connector.		It is NOT made of Alumel and Chromel which are the metals used in a K-type thermocouple wire.  A REAL connector IS made of CH and AL.		Typically, the plugs have AL and CH stamped on the exposed portion of the blades.  The jacks will say CH and AL also.  On jacks it is printed on the yellow plastic somewhere along with a + and a - for polarity.		AL is MAGNETIC, CH is NOT. If  both of your connector's metal parts ARE magnetic OR both are NOT, THAT is another way to tell your connector is NOT a REAL K connector.		If you use this you absolutely WILL introduce error into your readings because the junctions created by attaching the connectors to the wires and plug will turn this into a thermocouple as well since you will have alumel connected to a DIFFERENT metal, and chromel connected to a DIFFERENT metal... whatever metal IT is.!!!  Real cute in the ad. They CALL it a K-type yet DON'T tell you it isn't made of the correct metals and therefore NOT compliant!		NEVER, EVER, EVER buy this if you want accurate readings from a actual thermocouple.		EXAMPLES:		Scenario A:  TC Chromel and Alumel--->Fake Plug--->measuring equipment.		In this configuration, The TC,  as well as the connections IN the PLUG are also t-couple junctions.  The connection IN THE jack is where it SHOULD be.		Scenario B:	TC Chromel and Alumel--->Fake Plug--->Fake Jack--->K-type wire--->Fake Plug---> measuring equipment.		In this configuration which uses a extension cable, The TC, the connections IN the PLUG AND again IN the jack of the first plug/jack set AND IN the second plug are ALL t-couple junctions!  Heating or cooling any of them WILL change your reading!		IF they all were REAL plugs and jacks, the ONLY places affected by temperature would be the t-couple weld (Sensor) and the JACK of the test equipment and NOTHING else.  Cute how they conveniently omit this fact and still call them K-type no?
1,the humidity is 6-8 5 off & temp. is 2 degrees off. & seller has not got back to me.
1,I was pleasantly surprised to find abs filament at such a good price with prime shipping. I was especially excited to find a glow in the dark filament that wasn't $130 (I'm looking at you M****bot). I've printed numerous things with this filament and although the spooled filament feels somewhat brittle, the actual print comes out with no problems at all.	Printer used: Makerbot Replicator 2X		Nov 2015 update: Recently I've had issues with the consistency of this filament and now it WILL NOT print past the first 30 minutes of the build. I've tried everything to get it to print (temps 210, 230, 250), different print speeds (30,60,90), but alas nothing worked. What really is annoying is that I was printing really well with one spool of this filament and then it ran out. When I replaced it with a new one right out of the bag it doesn't work. You can see air bubbles forming as it extrudes so I'm wondering if there is a moisture problem from the factory. I'm trying to dry it out, but I'm not sure how successful that will be.
1,In my experience the material is not as strong as other users report. Parts show various degree of delamination between layers, expecially on transitions from solid to less than 100% infill (eg around top and bottom surfaces). Object can be pulled apart with bare fingers pretty easily. Tried temperatures from 240C to 260C, flow rate from 95% to 115% and speeds from 20mm/sec to 50mm/sec. The strongest (yet not as strong as PETG or ABS) results have been achieved at slowest speeds, 260C. Maybe I've got a bad batch, as others seem to be reporting better results with this material.
1,Not brown like the photo. It states brown on the label and looks brown in the item photo, but is actually gold.  No where near brown.
1,it does not come with the buffer pack so you have to calibrate by your self
1,Made out of cheap tear-able foam. The adhesive is barely present.
1,I wanted it to work but it didn't so my pipe is still leaking!	The tape was much shorter then discription!
1,It's nice but it seems to resolve temps by 2 degrees. Mine reads out only temp odd-numbered temps, so if it's 72 degrees, I won't know it. If you're going to buy a thermometer, it seems to me that a 1-degree resolution is not too much to ask.
1,Keeps snapping becuase its so brittle. The pink was more like a purple mixed with pink when printed. Will not buy again
1,Extremely brittle. Keeps breaking between the spool and my extruder, ruining prints.
1,Don't bother with xyz. All they do is scam you your money
1,Not as strong as steel..	 Breaks under stress.
1,Wanted another digital thermometer /hygrometer for another room & foolishly went with this acu-rite junk when I should've bought same 1 I had. Temp off by a good # of degrees & humidity way off.		 I have a no frills, inexpensive basic as it gets 1 that says Thermo meter on bottom & it's insanely accurate.  Fast reads too. Then this acu-wrong junk & another crap brand that reads 19% humidity all the time, except in excessive humidity which will read around 21%. Wrong! Both r fancier than my perfect basic 1 but useless.  I'll take my boring looking, super accurate 1 all day over these junkers.
1,It drains a Lithium battery, within months, when turned off and not in use.  This is the very same Lithium battery used inside most all laptop computers that is guaranteed to last at least five years and typically more under load.
1,I rarely see a really bad product that has so many good reviews on Amazon, but this is the one unfortunately.	It's accurate and seems like a good caliper until you try replacing coin cell battery. As many reviewers mentioned, once you open it, it will never ever stay closed again. Battery tray is extremely loose and you will loose power in the middle of measurement almost every time...	For a disposable caliper it's to expensive, go get a $10 one on eBay and it will work longer!
1,Works but spray is too strong and difficult to modulate. The degreaser does not evaporate so you have to wipe it off. I compared it to $3 can of another brand and that cleaner did just as well and evaporated completely.  The cheap competitive cleaner also had a traditional nozzle that was very easy to control the intensity of the spray. This WD-40 degreaser might be very good for some applications but there are cheaper alternatives that in some are much better. I also think it is way overpriced compared to any of the competition, almost $5 higher, too much for just for the advantage of having the straw built-in. I also think most WD-40 products are over-hyped and there are other products just as good and in many cases a lot better. I use a gelling grease that is liquid on application and turns to a grease a short time later. It works much better than WD-40 to lubricate bearings, locks and just about anything that turns or moves. I've also tried WD-40s Rust Penetrant and was not impressed.
1,These are junk
1,These are way too sensitive for general use.  Leave these to a clock maker.
1,This is a dandy little switch. I am using it to switch power sources for a the refrigerator in my RV and it works fine. The terminals are a little small, though, so really not practical for solid wire larger than 14 gauge. Maybe not larger stranded wire either, since the terminal screws don't have broad heads to clamp the stands. I would buy it again, though, if it fit my wire size requirements for a DPDT switch.		UPDATE 8/29/2016:	Update: The switch failed internally and literally melted after just 4 months of use and never carrying more than 3 amps of current @ 120v. The switch may be rated for 15A power, but it is physically designed for only light gauge wires, probably no more than 18 gauge. I believe the mechanical stress of having 6 x 14 ga wires attached was too much for it and broke the internal contacts somehow. Either that, or the 15A switch rating is pure fiction.		I withdraw my earlier recommendation and advise against this switch for any use.
1,I have owned this printer for 2 months now. I have to say that it's falling apart. I have had so many pieces break, including:	1. The main acrylic frame.	2. Filament holder.	3. Extruder Head	4. Heat bed is badly warped.	5. I also purchased an extra extruder nozzle. It was  broken out of the package.	6. filament monitor switch was broken out-of-the-box.		If you are thinking of buying this printer, PLEASE trust me and do not puy it. It's absolute garbage. Their support is terrible. I tried working with them, but they only offer replacement of broken parts. The problem is that these parts will just break again. The acrylic frame is sooo fragile, that It broke when I first put it together. My frame is now glued together. Their support finally stopped replying to me emails. If you buy this, you WILL have to purchase a better stand makde of a better material.	When I got the printer, it did not have the correct firmware. I also purchased the self-leveling switch and it required new firmware that took 2 weeks to get from their support. The printing software that comes with it (cura) is outdated. I downloaded the latest version and it does NOT support this printer nor does it have a hardware profile for this printer.		Cons:	The body is made of acrylic and I have already broke 2 pieces.	print extruder broke after 5 prints (had to print one)	did not come with most current instructions.	they need to make it easier to get the correct firmware (without emailing them)		Suggestions if you buy this:	1. RETURN IT	2. some of the parts are 3d printed.. print backups of these parts (found on thingverse)	3. set it on a stable surface (i use cork) so the y-axis is stable and cannot vibrate. It is so flimsy, that it goes out ot true.
1,First off you get what you pay for, maybe. Not even sure at this price it was worth it. Cheap plastic pieces, ear pieces that feel like a bear trap. By bending out the piece of spring "steel" it was made bearable. For occasional use, a few times a year these might suffice. The plastic end pieces were not finished off and had tabs that needed to be cut off. Everything is crammed into a flimsy box. Would not recommend to anyone that wants anything with any quality at all.
1,looks good, sounds good, but clogs very quickly with dust.  got two uses out of the inlet bag before it stopped up completely.  has an inner filter which clogs quickly as well.  still use it for picking up water, works ok for that.
1,Every part of this loosens and flexes when minimal force is applied (~5 inch pounds).  I had one of these snap at about 25 inch pounds.  They tend to snap at the part that holds the ball pivot.
1,I ordered 2 rods they were shipped separately one in a sturdy cardboard tube perfect. Second on was shipped in 2 cardboard boxes attached on end to cover the 96" rod sadly it wasn't sturdy enough and the rod was bent.
1,EPIC FAIL. My unit arrived with tiny dings and scratches in the view screen. It sometimes seems to detect wooden studs with about 50% accuracy, but electric wires keep slithering around from place to place in my walls, and PVC and steel pipes appear mysteriously out of nowhere.		I think it is safe to say that at least a million bucks just got flushed down the toilet at DeWalt. It is mind-boggling and downright scary that circumstances could exist where so many of these units could somehow sneak through multiple layers of R&D testing and production quality control to get into the hands of not only normal customers, but us Vine reviewers as well. I'm having second thoughts about volunteering for that Mars mission now.
1,Didn't work, was jammed shut. I had to pay for return shipping; and NEVER GOT MY MONEY BACK. Ripoff. Might has well have set my money on fire.
1,First of all, the bearings in these are total garbage. They wouldn't slide smoothly at all on a hardened steel shaft. So I swapped them out for some nicer bearings, and all was well.		Second, the mounting holes are not threaded their entire depth, just the first couple millimeters. The threading also wasn't straight on one of mine, but off at about a 15 degree angle. If you need these threaded the entire depth, you need to buy an M4 tap to go with it. Just be careful you don't follow crooked threads and break your tap.		Finally, these still have a rough cast finish. The bearing surface really needs to be milled flat, which I did on a little desktop milling machine.		After my modifications these were decent, but as they come out of the box there are unusable. Don't buy these unless you plan on fixing a lot of flaws.
1,Outrageous price for a single 1/2 slip coupling
1,Not sure who writes the sales pitches, but it would have saved us some hassle if they just said they do no fit the Gen. 4.
1,DOA
1,In most respects, the item was as ordered.  BUT, the untextured (smooth) side was unprotected with any sort of film or paper (as it usually comes from the manufacturer).  It had a very "shop worn" appearance with numerous scratches and scrapes.  For a person who wanted/needed an even sheen or shine, the item would have been totally unusable.  Realistically, you couldn't (and shouldn't have to) polish out the damage.  In my case, I want that side to be non-reflective anyway, so will treat it with a sander or wire brush to even-out the appearance.  When I buy a new car, I expect it to be delivered damage-free -- and I think the same could be said of this product.  For my purposes, this would rate 4 stars, but I want to alert other potential buyers, so it gets only 2.  If you folks at Plastics 2000 expected to "slip one by" with silence about the poor quality, you're dead wrong.
1,Purchased 2 of these for my ATV one for a secondary radiator fan and another for 2 flood lights in the front. One worked perfectly, however, the second one which was connected to the lights decided to stop working mid ride in the middle of the night. I was left without lights due to this faulty switch. It was not until further examination at camp that I figured out the switch was the faulty link using my multi meter. I have replaced both switches now with a higher quality switch. Save yourself the horrible experience and just get a better switch!
1,What I received was NOT what is pictured, not even close. The product picture clearly shows a thumb wheel adjuster. There's no thumb wheel on what I got. As if that wasn't bad enough I cannot believe what I received is a Brown&Sharpe. Talk about being cheaply made. I have an older Brown and Sharpe and I bought this because sometimes I need to have two calipers on hand and wanted a quality instrument. well I guess I'll have to look elsewhere. I am sending this POS back! For those out there who are content with second/third rate calipers and enjoy name calling GOOD for you I am glad you are happy with an inferior product and receiving something you didn't order. I saw a thumb wheel in the pictured product description so I want what is shown not a cheaper substitute the seller decides to send instead. I also own an older pair of B&S calipers that are first rate. These newer ones are a mere shadow when compared  with the older ones. In fact a pair of RCBS China made that I also own is a cut above.  So go ahead and be a cheerleader for junk. Buy a hundred pairs of these new B&S. You will need them. What I said is 100% true, ignore my advice at your own risk!
1,Even though it is described on the container that it comes in, don't use it on a vehicle.  I just now completed a 20 mile trip with this attached and when I got to my destination (NEVER EXCEEDING 55MPH) it was gone. I didn't see it peel off nor did I hear it.		I just hope that I didn't hurt anyone after it flew off.
1,All of the translucent Solutech PLA filament colors that I have tried (Blue, Red, Clear) were brittle. They also contained an excessive number of air bubbles. On prints with lots of retractions in a small area (aka: prints with multiple small islands), the extruder drive gear frequently grinds through the filament. This leads to failed prints. This sucks. It is possible to down-grade retraction settings and prevent this. However, diminished retraction settings lead to stringing. Therefore, this filament leaves me stuck between a rock (stringing) and a hard place (grinding). It's not worth the trouble. That said, Solutech opaque colors seem to be OK. Colors are vibrant, but filament diameter variation is frequently greater than the stated +/- .03.
1,I didn't get good lamination. Prints came out very stringy. Looks like I need to print hotter, but without an all metal tool path I'm hesitant. Also, LOTS of water uptake! First two prints went real well. I left it out over night (which I do with my PET and PLA), and the next day, hissing and spitting as it went into the hotend.
1,This isn't carbon fiber.  This is ultra cheap, dollar store plastic.  It is fairly accurate, but should not be described as carbon fiber.
1,junk
1,Does not hook as well as one's I had in the past.  Disappointed.  I manage to use them with a dab of glue on the ends but I guess I could have done the "glue" without these.
1,Maybe it was overloaded!? Wouldn't roll anymore because the plastic wheels went flat. Yes flat! I had a skid made out of 2X4's to mount the wheels on and put a 50 gallon tub on top with the bottom lined with 2" of sand and about 40 gallons of water. Next day I wanted to move it and the wheels just dragged (on level concrete) and left black marks. Upon troubleshooting, I noticed 2 wheels went flat and a third starting. Weight was distributed evenly across the skid and wheels were spaced to the equal measurements. I can only assume the weight was the issue. Thought it would carry the weight with ease. No complaint against the seller. Delivery was on time and packaged well.
1,came off in a week  wast of my time and money
1,This filament was abysmal. This is the second box of Hatchbox I've purchased that's caused harm/damage to my printer. The filament kept getting jammed -- it turned out it was a combination of poor spooling on the reel, and the fact  that the filament was faulty. I had to snip the filament during one of the jams and the filament literally turned to black dust -- The powdered dye used in creating the filament had separated from the filament itself. I've spent the past three hours disassembling and cleaning the hotend of my printer just to get it back to a functional state again.
1,I have used this name product for the past 15 years, when it arrived is the thinnist garbage paper, it is so thin that when you use it you can lay it down on a magizine or rewspaper and you are still able to read thru it. Garbage !!! and just think I bought One of each size.  Must be a paper reduction act or save a tree.
1,What I received looked of good quality but was not the right size
1,egh! 20 bucks what did I expect? Not accurate and not user friendly with the buttons
1,Let me first say I like Esun filament in the past I bought more than 50kg of Esun filament of different colors and only slight problems that was adjusted out nothing  to really talk about.	 Now with that said: The Esun 1.75mm silver ABS that I just received from Amazon  is junk, no matter what I do I can't stop it from layer separation. In the past I had this problem from hatchbox material but not Esun and yes it is ABS but I have used Esun silver over the years with very good success and VERY little layer separation.	 I use a enclosed build chamber to run all of my ABS in and the bed temp is 98c with a nozzle temp of 245c these are the settings that I was using when I ran out of my previous spool of Esun silver ABS and changed to the new spool of silver Esun ABS making the same part, and I have not gotten a good part since going to the new Esun silver. I did change to another color of Esun ABS and no problems but I can't use another color on this project. I know its a QC problem but cant afford to keep ordering spools of silver until i get some good spools so I guess I will change to another brand ( but I will buy direct ) so if I have a problem I can get something done
1,Not thick or adhesive as other Duck branded products.
1,Wat idiot thought of this packaging? I've been at it all day and STILL cannot get this blasted thing open. I'm sure the Super glue itself is find, it's the getting at it that I am far from impressed with... I guess I'll grab the crowbar from the garage and try again. You think I'm kidding, I'm NOT!
1,Glued some leather moccasin with this.  they did not last one wearing after drying for a few days.
1,my 60 degree heatbed on the 3d printer measured 168 degrees F an ice cube measured 57.7 F while in the freezer which measured 51 F		Don't trust it...it appears incapable of giving even a reasonable reading
1,When this item arrived one of the wires was pulled out of the pin on the plug. Being a technician, I repaired it with solder and it worked normally until today. The OUT sensor stopped working. I'm very disappointed in this product.
1,broke after first use
1,this isn't orange.  it's peach!..  otherwise it's a meh filament
1,This sensor with the LM7805 does not work reliably.  Sometimes your A-net V1.0 board will not detect the switch "closing", and your nozzle will be driven into your heatbed.  Sometimes it doesn't "open", which causes Skynet to get a false positive when it makes it's second probe, and you get spaghetti printed in the air.		This bogus combo is supposed to use the 12V output from the sensor to power a 5V V-reg.  Unfortunately, the output of the sensor goes through a 10K Ohm resistor, which provides nowhere near enough current to the regulator input.  Also, the regulator is not designed to pull the output down to ground when "off".  You will never get 5V or 0V reliably from this setup.
1,Everything I read stated the latex caulk was user friendly. Not so. No matter how hard I squeezed the caulk would not flow. It came out in globs. I even stuck a paper clip in the hole to ensure there was not any blockage. I had to throw it away. More wasted money.
1,Pros: came with all the attachments I wanted, including an excellent one for wood/bare floors; good suction that's adjustable; roller on/off option; bagless; reusable HEPA filter, well made, long cord.		Cons: this machine is very heavy, and when using it in the fully assembled mode with the carpet brush, it's too tall to go more than 2-3 inches under any furniture; cord not retractable (I know--picky, picky).		I like the lift-off option for versatility. However, the unit is heavy to carry around and the hose is in an inconvenient location when vacuuming in that mode. I am 5'6", and it's almost too tall for me; a shorter person might not be able to manage it.		With time I'll get more familiar with all the release buttons. I have two high pile shag area rugs which it cleaned very well. However, even with the suction adjusted to the lowest setting, it required two hands and a lot of effort to push around on those rugs. It's fine on my larger low/no pile area rugs, but I have to stand on the smaller ones to keep them from being moved around during vacuuming, and the corners tend to be sucked up.		Overall, I think the pros and cons are even. For me this is fine, but it's not my ideal vacuum, which is out there somewhere.		UPDATE 4/17: I'm done with this hulk. I find it very inconvenient to switch between floor and rug, and using this on rugs is like pushing a wheelbarrow full of concrete blocks. $200 down the drain.
1,Made my mouth hurt
1,Unfortunately I bought the 3mm bowden version. Not recommended.	Like the other negative reviews, I'd encountered not a total clog, but enough resistance that it will end up shredding the extruder end of the bowden tube. This is quite bad.	At first it will be "okay" and extrude a few millimeters just fine. Then when you print, it'll print the skirt fine and then nothing will come out of the nozzle.	Then you'll look up and the bowden tube will have committed suicide. (Picture attached of one of many times it shredded itself in the push fittings)	I'm not sure if the heatbreak is bad or if the bowden tube is too weak/thin, but it's not really worth repairing/modding.
1,Hictop has been really helpful in trying to troubleshoot issues but I have had too many problems with these boards.  I am switching to a different brand.		Good company, Just not the most reliable product.
1,I've read some thermometers not reading odd temperatures has to do with the math it's using to convert from Celsius to Fahrenheit. Mine will never read 76, 78 or 80. I'm not okay with a digital thermometer with a margin of error of almost 3 degrees.		Oddly, the 78 on the product picture is something it can't actually read.
1,I love oreck products but this one is a bad quality!
1,Didn't use this for a while but just tried it over the weekend and it's dead straight from the packaging.
1,smells really bad, returned
1,The coating on these is hard plastic and does not crimp easily.  Also the metal doesn't run the full length of the plastic sleeve.  You have very little area for crimping your wires in.
1,The unit I received is not Detecting at a 4 mm Distance, more like 2mm. Not functioning with my 3D printer, by the time the sensor detects metal, the nozzle has pushed down into my bed. I would return it, but after cutting the cable and pinning it as needed, it is not likely to be refundable. I Double checking the wiring and voltages (12.23Vdc) for error, there are none.	This product has no quality control, to validate it's functional to specifications another product is strongly recommended.
1,Crap right out of the box. The ph adjustment screw doesn't work at all so unit can't be calibrated.
1,As of 2018 Inland has declined in quality. Before 2018 all my rolls were amazing, bought from both Amazon and Microcenter. Now, buying from both Microcenter in-store and Amazon the rolls just aren't what they use to be. I'm no longer a lover of Inland. This makes me so sad. Now it will cost me more to get quality prints.
1,I had a lot of trouble with clogging with this filament. I ended up throwing away most of it because around 75% of the prints using it failed (other filaments didn't have this problem). YMMV though. I was using a Qidi.
1,I'm a little disappointed because nowhere on the Amazon website does it say this device does not work with off-the-air TV transmissions. All I get is pulsating noise. I had to search other reviews and finally found a few from folks who had the same issue as me. My LG TV only has digital audio out with no settings so this device will only work when using an HDMI input. I bought it so I could use my headphones while watching the local news. Unfortunately I am unable to do that with this device.		There is a red label on the box on the bottom about changing the TV audio mode but my TV does not have that capability. If I had seen this warning on the Amazon website, I might have purchased a different device.
1,Doesn't stick to itself and simply unwraps over time and fails. Not worth messing around with, should have returned it.
1,The manufacture claims this is metal infused or metal filled by 80% PLA and 20% metal. I find zero evidence to support this claim. It's weight is the exact same as normal PLA. If it is metal filled it is so light and has zero metal quality then what is the point. When sanded it looses all its luster and can not be polished like ColorFabb can. ColorFabb is metal infused for real. This stuff is a joke. You get what you pay for I guess. ColorFabb may be a bit more money but it is the real deal and no, I do not work for ColorFabb. This stuff is not even close.
1,Very expensive for a very small amount of material you receive. I would consider other brands first. The stuff about Cobalt, not sure if it is true since I have used them for over ten years.
1,i really hate when an item is listed as coming with a battery and a spare, only to find out it came with no batteries!!!! aghhhhhhhh!!!!""	also came with a hand written not saying" cheap meter" ;\
1,Like other reviewers here, the one I received does not show the correct temperature. This gun is at least 6 to 8 degrees high. See my example picture. A temperature gun that gives you the wrong temp is completely useless! The company wants me to ship back to them at my own expense in order to get a new one sent to me. That's ridiculous. If they ship a useless product, they should ship you another.
1,This is NOT a 72MHz bandwidth scope. It is rated at 72Msps or 72 mega samples per second. Seeed Studios, the original designers, themselves apologized for mistakenly calling it 72MHz bandwidth, but even now still won't commit to the actual bandwidth. In addition, if this is hardwave version 2.72 (the latest version), then many of the 3rd party firmwares don't work correctly with it, at this time.		I gave this only 1 star because it is NOT a "72MHz analog bandwidth" scope. As a 4.4MHz scope, I would give it 4 stars. I'd leave off the last star because of the rotten documentation, nonstandard connectors, crappy sine wave on the built-in function generator, and difficulty in figuring out how to update the firmware.		An analog signal like a sine wave requires -at- -least- 8 samples per cycle, which puts this at about 4.5MHz with all four channels going.		This is born out by the antialiasing filters on U17 and U18 on the two analog channels which have a -3dB cutoff of about 4.4MHz. That goes for -everyone's- DSO203.		- Update - A reviewer at Electronic Design News Magazine measured a DSO Quad at only about a 3MHz bandwidth. I would also like to point out that I observed the bandwidth changing when the sensitivity is changed, causing the appearance of a wave near the bandwidth limit to change shape, sometimes drastically.		[...]		It is important to know that channels 3 and 4 are digital only. I think they accept CMOS 5V logic levels. In addition, the wrong TVS protection diodes sourced for the two digital channels, limiting the bandwidth on them to about 1MHz max. For reasonable accuracy on a digital signal, that means they are only useful to about 100kHz. This is only on channels 3 and 4.		The documentation is on SainSmart's website and is pretty good. You'll need an unpacker that supports RAR files.		As a really small ~4MHz portable oscilloscope, this is not completely horrible. It has a built-in signal generator (10Hz to 8MHz) and it can fit in your laptop bag or in a briefcase. This is an open source design, so there are a lot of custom updates to the firmware out there. The internal function generator is used to adjust x10 probe compensation, the capacitors are under the battery. You'll need a stable adjustable voltage reference source with a decent DMM to do the "self" calibration, up to 60V.		Unfortunately, the signal generator is really only useful for the roughest of purposes. The square wave is fine if you need it for 3.3V circuits, as it is only 3V. The sine, sawtooth, and triangle waves are horrible. They have 15 very visible, large steps, clearly only 4 bits of information. In addition, there is no level control.		This uses something called an MCX connector. It is a small push-in connector that relies on the springiness of the metal to hold it in place. A bad thing for something like a scope probe that is going to get moved around a lot. I had problems with intermittent connections. Wouldn't it have been better to use a more readily available, more reliable connector like an SMA? Small enough not to increase the size of the scope, but it screws on so it is nice and secure.		For $100 more, you can get a Hantek DSO5072P and have true 70MHz bandwidth with 1Gsps and easier to find BNC probes. It is quite a bit larger which means a nice 7" screen, but not so portable.		I don't trust SainSmart to know proper ESD procedures, due to past experiences and emailed conversations. So if they are buying this ready-made and slapping their name on it, probably not a problem, but if they actually build it, good luck.
1,This lil thing is cute. I think I might put it in my dollhouse. Really, this duster is diminutive. I'm guessing it holds an ounce of powder or something. I was hoping for larger, since my garden space measures in 1000's of sq ft, not a kitchen window garden. It would have been nice if seller had listed product dimensions or given a photo of it next to a quarter for reference.
1,I bought this toothpaste because of the flavor - and it is very good for toothpaste. I can't recommend this though for several reasons: the box promises to freshen your breath with Scope and to whiten your teeth. Unfortunately, it doesn't actually do either of those things plus you get a lot less than a normal toothpaste.		The "Scope" part of the gel immediately liquefies once in your mouth instantly cutting the gel on your brush in half. The very small amount of "Scope" isn't enough to freshen your breath for more than a few minutes after brushing. Plus, since we lose about half of the gel in the tube, we are effectively buying half the toothpaste, as that of a standard competitor 6 ounce size, for the same cost (or more - this same toothpaste is available at Wal-Mart for about $2).		The "whitening" claim is also misleading as the whitening that you and I think of when we buy toothpaste is an additional chemical that works to lighten the color of our teeth. The "whitening" that Crest is talking about, though, is the same you would get from rubbing any toothpaste on your teeth: the toothpaste in conjunction with your brush helps scrub the stains off the enamel of your teeth. Crest isn't the only company to do this. I recently went down the aisle at a local store and found that most of the toothpastes advertising "whitening" have in small print that they scrub your teeth of surface stains, i.e., they clean your teeth not actually whiten them.
1,This is a pretty low grade filament.  The width varies a lot from the specified 1.75mm.  Also, the filament likes to break if you leave it sitting in your extruder between prints.  The very slight constant pressure at the bends causes it to break.		I only give it 2 stars instead of 1 because when you get it to print, it works ok for me.  As long as it doesn't cause your extruder to jam due to the width variance anyway.
1,Product package was already open before me. Damaged package.	Also they are uselesss for 3d printing since they do not have straight edge. They all have round edge.	Do not wate your money for this one for 3d printing.
1,These look and feel fine, but the right angled one spun in the handle on first use and the quality of the steel is a bit questionable.  A bit too soft in my opinion. It's a fine line between have it be too hard and snapping and too soft and bending, but I think they made the call too far in the soft/malleable direction. The handle spinning issue is a design problem as the shafts don't really have any features other than some subtle knurling on them to engage with the plastic of the handle.  I think these would be fine for casual use where you will not be applying rotational force to the handle, and for applications where you are not counting on stiffness of the sharp end of the tool.
1,Giving this 1 star because a slightly heavier model is available at my local Home Depot for < $4. I would suggest looking locally for a 2 gal pail since the price/quality of this item is pretty high.		Why did I get this from Amazon? Well I thought for $10 it would be a great heavy duty pail (kind of like the ones I could purchase several years ago).
1,Horriable!!
1,I read the reviews before I bought this, and I got to say that the sound quality is way less than I had expected. You can barely hear anything, you have to be really really quiet in order for you to hear your heartbeat. Do yourself a favor and buy a more expensive one or one with better quality.
1,Wrong color.  Everything about this filament is classic Hatchbox great.  Except, as someone else mentioned - it's not red, it's orange!  And I bought it for valentines jewelry.  Oh well.
1,VERY slow response (screen update) time, when checking continuity, don't lift test lead too quickly... count up to two or three then check or listen for reading. Meter rated as 6000 count, mine acts more like 500-1000 count... Very annoying. Not happy.
1,Cheap, not well built.  Tried using the ones with two hook in points that were bent a tiny bit.  They broke at the brazed point.  Probably would recommend trying to find someone that builds good ones
1,Looks after first few meters it is crap. Missing lines, doesn't melt evenly. Hatchbox works fine at same settings.
1,Never could get it to drive the stepper motors without tons of jitter. I think either the board or all the drivers are faulty. If it's me, I wish someone would explain the solution to me.
1,Save your money, this has got to be the biggest piece of crap I have ever bought.  The resistors, capacitors, and jumpers will not even stay in the breadboard, if you just slightly touch them the either make or break contact.	The only good thing about this kit is the power supply that comes with the kit.
1,didn;t work for me, had to return
1,I have a half-finished counter-height wall that is the perfect "test wall" for this device.  It is finished on one side, and the beams are exposed on the other side (no drywall yet on one side).  Each time I ran the scanner across the wall, it would show phantom wood beams or conduits between the studs where none exist.  Often, it would show really fat wood beams which are actually thin 2x4s.		The instruction manual says to scan really slow to improve the accuracy, but if you scan slow then the device will complain and tell you to scan above the minimum speed.		I wonder if this really uses a RADAR sensor, or whether the "RADAR" terminology is only for marketing and it just contains a mix of conventional sensors.  Whatever the case, DeWalt must have released this product on the market by accident because it doesn't work.  The other reviews appear to be right on.
1,Sounded like a good idea, use the cell phone's screen for a viewing device.  I don't know if the quality of these cameras vary as some seem to be very happy with the results, but the images I got were totally worthless. Even knowing what the camera was looking at was no help. Thankfully returning it to Amazon was an option, so I was only out time, frustration and disappointment that it didn't work.
1,Ear piece broke into, fell from 3 ft bench
1,Item arrived with cracks and bubbles in the glass. There were also a strange series of brown rings "rubbed" into the surface of the flask that would not wash off. I can deal with the bubbles, and maybe the rings, but the cracks I cannot. I needed the flask for a project and will now have to make due some other way.		I have several other Karter Scientific flasks, all of which suffer from bubbles in the glass. Not a big deal to me since I am not applying direct heat, but might matter for others.		I am returning the item and may try to order another one, we shall see.
1,These are junk, they chatter and destroy themselves on aluminum.  Don't buy them unless you are cutting plastic or something very soft.
1,This is, by far, the worst filament I have ever purchased!  Brittle and stringy... parts are so brittle that they usually can't even be removed from the print-bed without breaking into pieces.  I have tried many prints with this, many settings and print speeds but it always yields useless prints.  There are many good PETG brands out there, but this isn't one of them.
1,the one I got was DOA. I wanted to use it to inspect my chimney between sweeper visits... was a good form factor and seems like it would have worked...
1,Liked the water tight connector but the orange wedge is a pain to install. Both pin locked in place but could not get the wedge to go down far enough to exspose enough of the pins to make contact with the female end. Would not buy again!
1,This cleaner has a vacuum in it that is easily twice as strong as Roomba's. It actually cleans the floor.  It doesn't cover the floor as efficiently as a Roomba in that it may miss some places.  It also doesn't have a side brush that gets right up against the wall.  A very missed item.  I have to sweep along the walls every so often to get the dirt out into the room so the Neato will pick it up.	This is an update:	Date is 12/15/14  Ive had this Neato XV-21 for some time now, bought it in Jan of 2013. Used it twice a week in a home of low pile and tile flooring of about 2000 sq. ft. living space. No undue wear and tear in the least.  I loved it when it worked.  Total, I have been through no less than 3 Neato's.  The two extra were sent by the company to me for problems with the units that they could not fix.  The problems are varied: Not being able to find its charging base, a wheel is stuck when it isn't, A new charging unit came in non-working order, battery error 0002 several times and the thing won't budge, does a cleaning cycle and doesn't go back out from its base to finish the job, batteries had to be replaces early, doesn't make it back to its charging base before the battery dies, gets lost,  now the latest thing is "open my dustbin and turn the switch to ON".  This advice on its liitle screen is not working the unit it totally dead.  Neato will not take it back even though I have almost been in constant communication with them during all these problems.  Which by the way have gone away from time to time, but usually for no longer than a couple of weeks.		So Im out in the cold.  If I were to do it over again I would not consider a Neato product.  They simply are not made well.  They do clean the best when they are working however.
1,The picture on the listing is deceiving.  It would be cheaper to go to your own hardware store and pick out random amounts wood screws. The Hillman Group needs to be more up front with what the picture is showing.
1,FLIR - You got two strikes so far... Unit #1 - Horrible Back-light Bleeding.... Unit #2 - Dead Pixels!... Unit #3 is on it's way... Any bets on the next issue?!?!?		UNIT #1:	Right out of the box, upon power on, I see a big yellow pressure point on the display assembly. For the price you're paying, this is unacceptable!		At minimum, the display shouldn't have a big yellow pressure point in the top right corner. Basic movement of the product causes the display to discolor, which indicates either A) display quality issue B) design issue  or C) Assembly issue ( i.e. FLIR's factory that got torque happy when assembling).		Upon adjusting the the brightness, it's only worse. What makes matters worse - you rely on contrast/color with this tool, yet somehow this made it out of factory.		UPDATE: Unit #2 - Dead Pixels (a little bearable back-light bleeding. Dead/Defective Pixels Unacceptable!		- Defective Pixels galore....See pictures attached.
1,Junk.  Couldn't get the sandpaper to tighten up, seem incorrectly sized.  Paper blew apart when I used it on my existing mandrels.
1,DEFECTIVE! have it powered with 12v on the blue/brown -/+. i put a metal object in front of it, LED lights up. However under no circumstance do I get ANY voltage or mA's coming off the black output wire or at the regulator. I DEMAND A REFUND!!!!!!!!!
1,I will first say that this is a good price for a typical "consumer" machine and it is fairly easy to operate when it works but it doesn't always work and i would not recommend it unless you are comfortable with the idea of diagnosing and repairing the machine on your own fairly regularly.	this could include significant disassembly and even soldering.		  I have been working with 3d printers for almost 20 years, i have purchased and operated a lot of different machines from a lot of different companies and i can tell you that they are all complicated and all break down. They all have problems so i am not judging this machine or xyz on that fact alone and this is by far the cheapest machine i have ever used so i am giving it a lot of credit for that.		  The real problem here is that XYZ support is horrendous, it would be fine that it takes at least a full day to get a response if all the responses weren't canned replies. there is almost no regard to the actual content of the support ticket that is filed. I'm not sure if this is due to what seems to be a significant language barrier or just standard protocol. Specific questions are not addressed and you are simply directed to a standard user manual where you will either figure out the issue on your own or you won't.  Among dozens of other problems that I've had i ran in to an issue that is apparently very common in these machines. The wire connectors at the extruder head fail. I went through a few support tickets on the issue and tried various work arounds, i was able to make it work most of the time until eventually the problem became too persistent to deal with it. I filed another support ticket expecting to get replacement parts but now i was 2 days out of the 1 year warranty and i was told there was no longer any support for my machine but i could purchase new parts if i wanted.		Material is also an issue, i don't mind that the cartridges are proprietary and locked but there is no way to hot swap so if like me, you print a lot of large parts you can end up with dozens of material cartridges with 25-50 grams of material that are useless because it is not enough material to start a new job and there is now way to swap them during the print cycle.		The proprietary software is hit or miss, it gets a lot of updates but is continually buggy and recently it has been updated to include a confusing, nuisance advertisement every time it opens.		Here's another interesting detail, I have purchased all of my cartridges from amazon but the original machine purchase was initially made at a local Micro Center. I purchased the machine in January 2015 with a 3 year extended warranty since i know all 3d printers can be fickle. in February the glass print bed shattered so i took it back to Micro Center to get a replacement. They honored the replacement but also told me that they had not anticipated so many problems with the machines and they were now going to revoke the extended warranty and it would not be valid for the remainder of the 3 years! I'm not even sure that's legal but it certainly highlights the issue of product reliability.		I feel bad writing such a harsh review of a machine this inexpensive when i know that much more expensive machines have the same issues but as i said, the support for the issues is what could have won me over.		When the machine does work it is capable of printing models of a pretty good quality for a typical FDM machine. Models from this machine are nearly indistinguishable from models produced 12 year old machine that cost $30k... the difference is that the $30k machine was a workhorse that ran for nearly 10 years without ever having a hiccup and the few times that it did there was a service tech on site the next day repairing it.
1,Bought this because they were out of Hatchbox. Bought 2 rolls of white because of the great reviews.  Mistake.  Ran through my Hatchbox white (about a roll a week) and immediately inserted and calibrated this.  3+ ROLLS of Hatchbox in February without a single failure.  This stuff? Very first small print job (printing 32mm ball-bearing hubs for this filament) and the job failed. Not a spooling issue. Clogged print head. Haven't had one of those in about 6 rolls of filament. Cleared, bumped the temp up to 205 and tried again.  Failed again.  Clogged. Cleared it, pulled out some Hatchbox and printed the 2 hubs. Perfect.  No problems at all.  Switched back to this stuff, inserted newly printed hubs (with ball bearings) and tried to print another set.  Failed.  5 failed jobs out of 6 attempts and the one job that did complete was unusable because filament didn't flow consistently.  I've had this filament for about a month but it was stored in the vacuum sealed factory bag inside another vacuum-pack Ziplock bag with about 6 2-ounce bags of Silica Gel inside a sealed storage box with 20 other rolls of vacuum-packed filament. (I know about moisture...) Of course, my return options for the one unused, still sealed roll expired yesterday.		If you are inclined to buy this filament, it is slightly more yellow than the Hatchbox white, much more yellow than the Argos white but not quite as yellow as the Solutech Real White.  (I really wish everyone would use Pantone or web colors to define color...)		I hate bashing filament companies, but I can't recommend this.
1,This is beyond a doubt THE MOST frustrating filament i have ever worked with. I have tried this in both my Direct Drive and Bowden printers. it jams, it has layer adhesion issues, is basically too soft! I'm sure people have gotten this to work fine for them, but on my Ultimaker 2+ Extended and my Robo 3D R1+ its just a nightmare.
1,tears uneven to often
1,Very poor quality. I have 40 years in the electronics industry. Keep in mind the color. Yellow is for heavy gauge wire such as 12 gauge. The metal that you crimp on to the copper is so thin it will not hold the wire correctly. I used three types of crimps, all worked terrible. Don't buy.
1,Very disappointed in the sewn in tag that damages the seam edge when removed.  If you rip it out, you tear open the seam which gets worse with each washing.  If you carefully cut right at the edge of the seam, you still leave a portion of the tag along the seam which can scratch your car finish.  You'd think that Chemical Guys would know better than to sew a potentially scratch producing nylon tag into something made for rubbing on auto finishes.	I won't buy any more until they find a better solution to the tag problem
1,This filament has no structural integrity and this review is based on my settings in Slic3r did not change using another brand which I printed a GoPro five mount and the other brand is like abs compared to this brand. I was new to this world of 3D printing when I purchased this so I didn't know any better so now with several months, a hundred prints and trying multiple filaments this is by far the absolute worst filament on the market and its true to this game that you get what you pay for so please don't make the mistake I did and save a few dollars because it will cost you a lot in aggravation and stress.
1,First off, I have TWO of these units, the first I'd purchased from Amazon, the second was a replacement sent free by Amazon when I requested a return on the first due to accuracy issues. I also have several vintage weather stations, with USA-made, mechanical hygrometers which I trust to be fairly accurate. Those all read within a few % of each other. I have them in several locations around my house, but wanted a small, unobtrusive temp/humidity gauge for my daughter's room that wouldn't detract from her 'decor'.		To test the first unit I'd received I simply put it in my basement (where the humidity doesn't fluctuate widely unless it's raining) next to wall-mounted weather station for comparison. The 'Accurite' unit ALWAYS READS WAY UNDER the actual room humidity - sometimes as close as 8% under, but usually more, like 12% under.  The second unit I received as replacement acts much like the first, although their readings for humidity always differ from each other, usually they're as close as 2%, but sometimes as much as 6%, and it stays that way for hours (so it's not some sudden change like the furnace coming on that's the problem). I should note their temperature display is pretty close, within 1-2 degrees of actual - close enough to work with,  if only the hygrometer were as accurate.		The reviewer who claimed to have subjected theirs to a test chamber and praised it's resulting accuracy...maybe the hygrometers in these units only work well in a test chamber. I need something to work in my home, and a bogus reading of 39% when the actual humidity is 51% is pathetic.		FYI, while writing this review I found a website that shows up close to the top of googled results for 'hygrometer', 'nwclimate.org', that hosts an article titled '8 Best Digital Hygrometers Suitable for Your Home', with this 'AcuRite' model making the top of the list. Considering their numerous spelling and grammatical errors (even the article's title is awkward), and their (unintentionally lukewarm) recommendation of this unit, describing the hygrometer function as 'good accuracy if you are not interested in the exact percentage; for relative ranges it does a good job', I'd judge these devices to be the cheapest made and hardest-sold imported junk on the web.
1,Most expensive disposable camera ever.		Purchased from Amazon September 22, 2016.  Worked great for fall 2016 and winter 2017.		Tried to use on January 4, 2018 and it wouldn't work.  Tried charging over night without success.	Camera is as dead as the proverbial door nail and will not operate even with external power attached.		This is a toy, not a tool.  Save your money and do not purchase.		A year and a few months later the FLIR ONE is junk.	Meanwhile the SEEK Thermal (purchased through Amazon November 19, 2015) still works fine.		Addendum:	After writing this review, I contacted FLIR customer service and sounded off.	Much to my surprise, I eventually wound up with a new replacement unit.		However the battery is still not replaceable and therefore this phone attachment is still an expensive toy, not a tool.
1,One came damaged. Wasn't worth the trip to the post office to return.
1,It was DOA, just one of those things I hope
1,A small amount quieter. Really not huge. Probably could make a better one with homemade stuff.
1,Purchased as a spare part, failed after first use.  Works briefly if you tap on it... makes sparks.		This is one of those projects that takes an hour the first time, but is a snap from then on.  I have done it about 5 times and have it down to about 10 minutes.  You may have to cut off an existing plastic connector and use the included high-temperature wire nuts.		Our oven sees daily use and we have to replace this part every 12-18 months. I keep a spare on hand because it is, by far, the weak link in the design.  If anything goes wrong with the oven, failure to light, smelling gas at startup, I change out this part first.  Note, just because it is glowing does not mean it is working.  The gas valve will only open if the element draws a very specific amount of electrical current, and the element can be slightly high or low and the valve will not open, even though it seems to be glowing properly.
1,I bought this just to test it. Not pack it away and hope for the best when I really needed it.	I setup an extreme test by joining two 1" diameter wood dowels then allowed the 15 minutes as recommended. 78 degF	Very disappointed in how easy it was to break.		I would expect this might be OK for a split handle of some sort but for that a much smaller and cheaper 5 minute epoxy kit would be better to have around.
1,its just ok for the price, no hi quality, the nose of the tweezers are not perfectly line up.
1,I bought two. They were both Way off in regards to humidity. With semi-calibrated equipment I knew the room was about 68% humidity, but both units read 40% & 41% respectively. I ordered these two units a week apart, so I doubt they were "next" to each other during assembly. Amazon DOES NOT honor returns unless you write them and ask really really nice. That was a first for me after ten years of being a prime member.
1,funky threads and cancer warning label on product.
1,The wires are thinner than advertised - probably 28 ga. - I had a brief 12vdc low current short with one and it was red hot in 1 second.		The vinyl protective sleeves around the clips are so slick it's almost impossible to get a grip on them without the alligator clip slipping and turning inside the slippery sleeve so you can't squeeze it open. I wound up cutting them off and discarding the plastic sleeves and just using the bare leads		These are no bargain. Junk.
1,Really great vacuum here. Really gets the dirt and pet hair off the carpet. The hand attachments are great for cleaning the furniture.		Id like to edit my previous comment on this vacuum. I posted my previous comment right after I purchased it. Granted this vacuum performed excellent when it was new, but not even a year has passed by and it is completely destroyed. I use the vacuum once a week at best so I got less than 50 uses out of it before it was ruined by a terrible design flaw. The problem I have is with the belt slipping. Once the belt starts to slip it will begin to create a ton of heat in the housing. Over time the housing which keeps the belt stable and in place began to thin and melt away. It eventually just couldn't hold the belt in place anymore. Then it would get caught up in the housing and make the vacuum smoke until I turned the power off. The amount of time this vacuum lasted for me is completely unacceptable. I used it normally and it replaced a vacuum that was over 7 years old under the same conditions. Now I am without a vacuum, out ninety dollars and no contact from the seller.  Do not buy this vacuum, look elsewhere.
1,You would think that Anhydrous Alcohol would clean without leaving behind a film. If Windex have the cutting power of this on soldering paste, I would use that instead because the no film finish.
1,High temp Kapton is goes to about 530 deg C.  This is regular Kapton and only goes to 300 deg C
1,Doesn't do the job.  I bought this to use in calibrating a scientific Geiger counter but the specified CPM on the container are not even close.  I trust my factory calibrated counter more than this product.
1,Disappointed. Too soft for metal chain. Can only use plastic chain with these or it pulls them over.
1,Trashcan is nice and sturdy but they forgot to send a lid!!! Not real usable without a lid.
1,3/8" ball valve. Starting to seep some.
1,Absolute rubbish.  All nozzles were .02 regardless of what as stamped on them.  Internal cavity was full of burrs material would not flow.  It is almost like the seller took handfulls of scrap nozzles and bagged them up for sale to suckers on Amazon.		Worst part is this is not the only vendor doing this.		Best bet is stop wasting your money on nozzles-for-cheap and invest in a good set of MicroSwiss or Genuine E3D nozzles.  Worth the price, especially when you factor in lost time and frustration.
1,this glue does not work.
1,Not pleased really, hard not to damage this stuff just pulling prints off, going to try something else
1,These slings are NOT as pictured. They have full-width eyes and NOT folded eyes as pictured, to make attachment easier in shackles and other connecting links.
1,Unable to try it
1,One can hear well but because the head is too loose, it flip flops to one side to another. I will not buy again.
1,collects water. bad in Florida for breeding mosquitoes.
1,Poor suction to begin with and after a year the battery holds so little power that it can barely pick up lint.
1,It stopped displaying clearly after one month. I have had good luck with AcuRite up to now so I purchased another. Time will tell.
1,This is 3M #3903 duct tape. This tape is manufactured in Taiwan.		The tape's 3M label is clearly marked as being "LOW-MEDIUM ADHESION".		The tape is rated by the 3M company as "LO STRENGTH for ADHESION".		The tape is rated by the 3M company as "VERY LOW BACKING STRENGTH".		I should have researched this tape on-line.... instead, I read the part of the product description that read "Typical physical and performance properties include; adhesion to steel" AND "Highest tensile strength for highest demanding jobs".		Unless you are already familiar with a products specifications.... read up on the SPECS before buying an item for the first time. My mistake, so I cannot in all honesty return the tape.... so now I have an expensive roll of masking tape for painting???
1,2 of 5 were dead on arrival... The ones that worked didn't work well. Despite efforts to tune them they continued to run hot and were much louder than my  A4988s that i was trying to upgrade from. I was using these on a GT2560 board with standard 35mm Nema 17s. Didn't have alot of luck, maybe because they are knock-offs, maybe because im unlucky, buy at your own risk. 2 stars because some of them did work, albeit poorly.
1,Cheap plastic. These accessories were part of a Christmas gift for my mechanic brother-in-law. We purchased the wall peg poard from this brand too. These accessories were so cheaply made we ended up having to to order the Stanley brand accessories kit. It luckliy arrived before Christmas because we would have been embarrassed to give just this set. Wish we had just ordered the other set to begin with, but luckily my brother-in-law liked the yellow buckets (he says the hooks are okay as far as hollow plastic goes!) The peg board from this brand is nice, but it did not include the accessories as stated. I suggest if you're buying that board that you save yourself the hassle and go with the Stanley accessories!
1,Not really gaffer's tape, cheap imitation. Stick with the other name brands. This leaves residue on whatever you stick it to. And it's not a cloth tape like the real stuff, it's more like a vinyl tape of some sort.
1,seems to work - after a year the laser quit -- my cat is very angry -- but I can tell how hot he is
1,bad bad very bad worse ABS I ever used.	it warp bad and has a bad layer separation and its not one printer I used it at but 3, Flashforge creator pro, UP BOX and Pursa i3	attached pictures done by a pursa i3
1,Ordered 2. They don't match. Fans different size. Thermistors do not match 3950 curve. I had to calibrate it. The high end is not very accurate. The metal throat does not align in one of the heat exchangers. One exchanger has a stop which does not allow PTFE to go to the heat break point. Each came with different size nozzle. Only 1 prints . that one gets stuck too. I have been studying them for 2 weeks measuring temperatures and pressures in 5 places. They simply have never worked. Sorry Sammi that I doubted you.
1,Not very good takes quite a long time to cure look elsewhere
1,not impressed.
1,Too small not sure what you would move with it.
1,eSUN 1.75mm Black PLA PRO (PLA+) prints with an obscene amount of strings. I have used several different colors from eSUN and this Black PLA is the first that produces so many strings in the print process. I have eSUN's Purple and Grey and they both print marvelously. Im using them at 200c-215c with very smooth results. This black PLA strings at all tested temperatures. 190c-215c. I understand some stringing is to be expected on some prjects but just look at the attached picture. Thats standard 15% infill. Look at all them strings.
1,Being a hvac tech I go thru certain tools rather quickly and thought (knowing better) I would get this meter to save so money when I need measurements to be accurate I can't trust this because the measurement jumps around and both probes in the same location are up to 4 degrees off
1,Broke in mill before made first cut.  Junk.
1,As a general rule, fluke makes top quality products.  My fluke multimeter and amp clamp I can absolutely count on to verify a component as good or bad.  This is why I willingly paid over 400 for my multimeter instead of getting a cheaper one.		Their leads on the other hand I've not had good luck with.  About every 2 years, they'll fail on me.  A couple of times, I was forced to run to sears or wherever to pick up a replacement pair.  So I have some by craftsman, extech, and such.  The flukes have this nice anti grip coating on the outside of the wires so they don't bind up knotted as easily as others.  The flukes are also very pliable further assisting in not getting knotted.		I'll continue using my fluke meter and amp clamp, and if I break them I'd replace with another fluke.  Their leads on the other hand, I'm giving up on.
1,Good quality, perfectly flat. With a couple of layers of Aqua Net hair spray gets the job done perfectly for both PLA and ABS. No sharp edges.		UPDATE: After several weeks of use each both glass plates warped and became unusable.		UPDATE 2: Tried to contact Signstek customer service at jenny@signswise.com. No response. Downgrading the rating to single star.
1,Bad.
1,Well after 50 hours of printing just like everyone else the bed shudders really bad. Everyone says its the bearings. Why does amazon sell such garbage from these people.
1,Arrived warped, cracked and pitted. Had to return.		Even if it wasn't messed up physically, the rubber was so hard I doubt it would provide a good seal.		I'd steer clear of this product.
1,I received this on 12/24. Very easy to assemble. Adjusted the suction so the vacuum would be easy to move on the carpeting.	I vacuumed the bedroom and then switched to the wood floors. While I was vacuuming, it gave off the strong odor of "heat". I never  was subjected to this with either my  Dyson or my Electrolux Nimble. I purchased this so my wife would have a lighter vacuum to use. I shut off the vacuum and found that the shroud covering the motor section was so hot that I couldn't even touch it with my bare hand. I then went to unplug it and found that the AC cord was exceedingly warm to the touch. All this was first use right out of the box. In my opinion this condition is either poor manufacturing or poor engineering. I have seen other reviews complaining of the vacuum overheating and shutting down. Nowhere does Hoover address these complaints, other than to say, " check the filters and empty the container and check the roller".  With me, this was straight out of the box. Needless to say it is being returned forthwith. One thing I don't need is a possible fire or worse. I'll look for something else.
1,The cart itself is sturdy and strong, but the wheels are absolutely terrible.	They hardly roll, and more like skid across the ground. They left black tracks all over my floors, no matter how much I tried to clean them before use. There's also a seam in the middle of each hard wheel that I suppose should be sanded down if you want to avoid further damage to your floors...	I like that the top is grippy and large and has handles, but the wheels make it absolutely not worth it - not to mention the terrible smell that needed cleaning and airing out for two days before my (failed) usage.		I almost gave it two stars because the top isn't terrible, but since the wheels make it unusable for me... I feel nothing but negativity toward it.	Maybe it'd work for someone who is okay with the wheels sliding instead of rolling, and who is using it on a floor that physically can't be damaged, but for me... :(
1,clogged my hotend, tried different settings would not work, not one print successful ... trash can.
1,Poor quality spooling , overly tight and binds.
1,11 cm papers are too small, 12.5 cm papers are too large.
1,As of 2018 Inland has declined in quality. Before 2018 all my rolls were amazing, bought from both Amazon and Microcenter. Now, buying from both Microcenter in-store and Amazon the rolls just aren't what they use to be. I'm no longer a lover of Inland. This makes me so sad. Now it will cost me more to get quality prints.
1,way to tiny to see anything
1,Had to return. Could not get it to work on smartphones.
1,After taking three weeks (shipped directly from overseas) to receive these non-sterile pipettes, I am disappointed.  They measure 6" long and are much larger than I anticipated.  I was going to use these for essential oils, but being non-sterile I cannot use these for that purpose.
1,suction good, but so loud, I could not finish cleaning my five room house before my ears were killing me. My hearing was deadened for at least an hour and ears ringing for far longer.	Must have been defective. I sent it back immediately.	I was extremely disappointed, as I have wanted an Oreck upright for many years.	This unit was many, many times louder than my chainsaw.  Close to a jet engine, close up!
1,Well, maybe excepting the people who actually build boat anchors... for all I know they're in the same factory.		Hoo-boy.  After reading all the reviews, realizing that yes, this was probably assembled by some unfortunate future organ donor in a Laogai in mainland China, I took a chance and ordered one.  It arrived in short order, short two handles.  Looked promising though so I contacted Amazon to pick it up and go ahead and send me another which they got to me the next day.		Due to various work commitments it was a few days until I could unbox, degrease, disassemble/lube and reassemble to actually use it and in the process, having already spent about an hour doing the little bit of detail described, I discovered not only was the lower threaded rod BENT making it very difficult to bring the top half more than halfway across, one of the bolt handle BOLT threads were so badly damaged the retaining nut wouldn't thread on.		This is going back tomorrow.  I don't need another boat anchor.  Should've known better.  Am about to pull the trigger on a Grizzly G0704.  Buy once cry once.
1,It works... I have it for my chicken coop kind of flimsy and the motor seems to speed up and down on its own but let's see how long it lasts as of now I'm satisfied		***UPDATE***	It died after 6 months.... I bought another one that one was DOA on arrival.
1,I have purchased more than a half a dozen of these devices for my compressed air lines.  Even though my pressure is set at 110 PSI, I have had two of these that fail.  I have had to remove them and return.  Good value but poor quality control.  I now buy from a different manufacturer.
1,One time use....VERY PRICEY!
1,Had issues with it not holding parts while printing.
1,it's very unresponsive to changes in temperature or humidity. I'm beginning to question its overall accuracy.		Good to use to get an idea of the temperature or humidity of somewhere if you let it sit for a couple hours to equalize, but not useful for short-term purposes like testing out an AC system in a small room.
1,Great customer service as we did submit for a return. BP cuff only kind of worked but the stethoscope did not work at all. Smooth transactions overall.
1,I used to think the price was OK and the gloves where fair, but this box has aged a few months and the breaks are horrible. They break going on. They break after a few seconds of use.  There are MUCH cheaper gloves out there that are LOTS thicker. Check my other reviews. Too late now to get a refund, and MedPride should be ASHAMED at the reliability of this glove.		Double glove at a minimum. Actually, they are thin enough to triple glove, but of course, you can buy a decent glove elsewhere at a cheaper prices. Try searching for 5 mil gloves.		If you stop in a medical office and see these gloves, you should be concerned.
1,Although I loved this syringe for acrylic bonding projects at first, it went bad quickly. I can't recommend it to others.		This is seemed like a great syringe, but it lost three stars for me because after about a half dozen uses in the course of two weeks, the rubber plunger inside now frequently pulls off the sliding piece when you backdraw it. That's pretty annoying.		I was using it for Weld-on 4 application, which is what the title of the item said it was for when I bought it (in case it changed now). So it's not like I was using it for an unadvertised purpose.		Because this went bad in a very short timeframe but was great before that, it's a solid two stars in my book. I can't recommend it to others for use as an acrylic bonding solvent applicator.
1,Does not stick to anything.  Bought a 6 pack and all 6 rolls barely stick to cardboard boxes, usually falling off in less than 24 hours.  This stuff isn't even usable.
1,I have been using four of these units in my basement for the past three months.  Last night I decided to check them for consistency.  I place all four next to each other.  After 15 minutes, all four units had different humidity readings.  I left them together over night; this morning, they are all different again.  CRAZY different, ranging from 63% to 72%.  ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!!!
1,Trash
1,This photo-sensor worked fantastic... but only for three months.		The internal relay is now sticking in the off position, and will no longer turn on at night unless I reach up and thwack it with a broom handle.		Ordered the Tork 2001 today instead, let's hope it lasts longer.		:(
1,Worked then didn't. Not sure what happened but It stopped working in the middle of the first print. Two of the stepper drivers fried. They were not installed wrong and did work for about 2 hours.  Replaced it and the next one worked well. I purchased them both because I didn't have time to go through the replacement procedure. If it would have worked like my second set review would have been different.
1,do not buy. waste of money. you get a tiny amount, and i wrapped the hell out of a garden hose coupling, even tried it twice, with no success.  still leaks.  so, don't expect a miracle.
1,The accuracy of these is fine.  However there are scores of other calipers that are also accurate.		The digital display is too small and has poor contrast - reminds me of the first Casio digital watch I owned in the 1970's.  Times have changed and an 8 mm digit size doesn't cut it anymore.  The mushy buttons are nothing special - buttons with a positive tactile click are preferred these days.  The resistance to sliding is quite high - not as easy as the newer competing units.  Not a big deal maybe, but it imparts a low quality impression.		In summary, its like this product has not been updated in the past 40 years.  There's no reason to buy these except possibly for museum curators who need to complete their "measuring instruments of the 1970's"  collection.
1,Umm this switch is a pain it the "you know what".  It is just very poorly designed and feels really cheap.  To start with it is a mechanical switch, which I knew when I ordered but just wanted to through that out there.  Magnetic switches are much safer.  You have to be creative in order to mount it because the screws on the face plate can not be used to secure the switch, and the switch is to big to fit into a handy box.  The switch also does not seem to be sealed against dust or anything.  Its just not well made and I decided not to use it.
1,Sure the price is great but these are not great at all... They have a very low quality feeling to them and there is an issue I've noticed; where sometimes they light ok but then other times only a small box about a 1/2" x 1/2" lights up. Ok for small utility light but beyond that, I'd go with something else.
1,I am new to Hatchbox ABS filaments. One thing that I have found is the silver consistently clogs the extruder nozzle while printing. It would print just fine for a few minutes and then it clogs and thus cannot extrude anymore thereby ruining the print. A lot of reviews have said that this filament is particularly brittle when compared to the others. I've had it break when unwinding  some to load into the extruder head. This brittleness seems to compound the problem with the filament extruding properly so it doesn't clog. Unfortunately I learned about this after the return date had passed  so I have a roll that is only missing about 3 feet that is worthless.	 I find it very hard to purchase any HATCHBOX product in the future because of such poor quality
1,Plastic is very cheap and easily broke at the end.
1,Pure crap. Don't waste your money. Thin, cheap, won't stay in place so you can apply heat. Just useless. I threw it in the trash.
1,Looks good for the costume but do not expect to hear anything through it.  You can hear better if you put your ear up to the person's chest.
1,They break by looking at them.
1,let them know if there's any missing resistors
1,Used once more than month ago, my eye lids still swollen! Bad product be aware!
1,The printer prints good but its design has a flaws that allows a connector to become unplug during printing and then shorts the printrbaord and Printrbot will not fix this under warranty as well as their support is all but useless for this problem and their sales site does not function currently as the California tax calculation is incorrect so my attempts to purchase a new board are not successful so I have a dead printer I can not fix. I do not recommend purchase of this product till there are some serious changes to this product and Printrbots warranty which claims to cover material and defects but actually they do not cover a bad selection of a wire that has open metal pins with no protection from shorting if it becomes disconnected during use on a product made of metal especially this is not a common design feature with most manufacturers and the connector is not locking to prevent unintended disconnection as well as the male and female connectors are not of the same type so they could be locked. look at the included photo and you will see the open metal pins that have no protection and this coming from the Printrboard and carries power and signal from the board to the auto leveling probe. but remember they choose the compenets but this can not be a material defect on their part, normally a power providing cable would be femal on the supply side and male on the component side so I concider this a defect no matter what Printrbot calls it.
1,It doesn't help to have a digital watch on the head of a stethoscope you can't hear anything with.  Kinda defeats the purpose.  Wish I could put this clock on the stethoscope I can actually hear heart tones with.
1,I got a bad batch. The ABS was mixed with some other thermoplastic, possibly PLA but it could be anything. I only found out when I tried to dissolve some in acetone. ABS plastic dissolves completely in acetone leaving you with a mixture that you can use as glue on your heatbed, or to glue two pieces of ABS together. You can also use acetone vapor to chemically polish the surface of an ABS printed part, it's one of the great reasons for using ABS to print. This filament did not dissolve completely, there were strands of another plastic left behind that acetone does not dissolve. No matter how long I left it to dissolve, this other plastic remained, contaminating the whole bottle and making a mess.  So the filament is defective and I'm returning it.  Hopefully this is just a single bad batch and not representative of the product as a whole. I attached a picture of a sample of red ABS next to another brands grey ABS.
1,God I used to love this stuff but I unfortunately have to update it with bad news, The last roll I got was beyond brittle, if that wasn't bad enough It was filled with tangles that kept killing 7 or 8 hour prints. (as seen in the photos). I used to only buy Hatch box but when a filament that is half the price ends up being better stuff and won't kill your prints you have few options but to abandon what used to be your got to. ONE more CHANCE if this roll is junk I'm just using my Sainsmart and Amolen in the future.
1,Doesn't work very well humidity doesn't seem to change and the temperature doesn't change at all
1,Bought a Kenmore microwave in 2003 that served us well until the rotary motor stopped working. Saw good reviews on this one and it was just the right size so we ordered it from Amazon (Great price and super fast free delivery). So far, this thing has performed fabulously. It runs quietly (even the beeper isn't too loud), has great power and power distribution, and the door opener has, so far, operated smoothly and with ease (although we are holding our breath on this item in view of all the negative feedback we see on the door opener).		The only negative I have with this oven is the height of the cooking cavity. The advertised size of 1.6 cu. ft. is right but that size is mostly due to stretching the length and width and sacrificing height. The ceiling of the cavity is so low, we can barely get some of our larger drinking glasses inside. I am seriously doubting whether we would be able to get a large ham or turkey inside.		Only time will tell if this item continues to perform well. Foreign production, poor engineering and shoddy workmanship seems to be the order of today's manufacturing. I just wish we could get better response from our manufacturing base to get making things back into the good old USA with US labor which we need so desperately.		Update 2/21/2011:	Well, this appliance has let us down. It has been steadily going down hill since we started using it and my wife finally asked me to send it back; sadly, 1 day after the 30 day return period expired. It seemed to take longer to reheat and warm things and pop popcorn the first week we used it, and now it is definitely running out of power. It now takes at least 3 times longer to pop popcorn than when it was new and NEVER pops without leaving a large amount of unpopped kernels (it doesn't even have the power to burn the popcorn, no matter how long you let it run). The wife complains that it can't even soften a stick of butter in a decent time. Reheating food in either plates or bowls is frustrating. What a disgusting letdown. Good old foreign and cost saving manufacturing at work!!!		We are now paying a premium price to have our previous old reliable microwave brought back to life. It will certainly be worth it to get back to efficiency and reliability!		Update 9/16/2011:	My wife alerted me to something about when we were using this unit but I never knew until she told me recently; We have DirecTV and she said that she had noticed that when the TV was on and this microwave was turned on, the DirecTV receiver gave a bad weather picture and showed an alert that reception was being compromised. I couldn't stand this so, I took this thing out of the garage, where I had stored it for emergencies, and plugged it in. Sure enough, every time I turned it on at any setting, the DirecTV lost picture and gave a reception warning. This was a good 15-20 feet from the TV. This thing may have a dangerous microwave leakage problem and I am reporting this to the proper authorities. I have also decided to junk the thing to get it out of my life.
1,Prusa i3, Printing with an enclosure and abs slurry, an extra baffles to retain more heat and prevent any drafts at all. This set-up has worked flawlessly for the past 1.5 years using HB to produce the same part I print all of the time on it. Being that HB increased 50% for no reason, I thought I'd give this a try. Nope... Keeps popping off, keeps warping, changed up and down from 220-250 for extrusion, change up and down from 80 -115 for the heated bed. First layer is amazing, even added extra brim and mouse ears. No luck. Guess I'll pay more for something that works. I'm going to try brands that aren't on azn as I've started to have great results with those and pricing is starting to be better.	I like eSUN for other material types of filament, PLA, PETG, but the ABS is a big miss for me.
1,Brand new hose leaks like a sieve where connected at the spigot. Absolute total garbage product. You had one job Camco, I am embarrassed for you. This experience is so utterly ridiculous I will never consider another Camco product.
1,I've been using this printer for the past couple months for work. Although we have maker care with extended warranty toll 2017 customer support has been a challenge. To be direct, I have spent alot of time with failed prints. Purchased new extruder, purchased new PC since Dell PC cause crash on software, I only use maker bot parts and filament. I never knew the quality of the reprap but this printer finds value at the $200-450 price range with its poor build quality and reliability. I would not recommend	 Printing air is a waste of time and money, thanks maker bot.
1,Comes out easy, however does not dry solid for at least three weeks.
1,A friend of mine bought this and at first he was happy with it, he got it on a Tuesday, and told me how amazing this were and that he thinks its a good printer with good quality, I myself is a proud owner of 4 3d printers 3 of them from flashforge (creator pro, Dreamer and Finder) and the forth is M3D Mini and I think very highly of these printers and my favorite is creator pro its a beast, you can check my reviews on these printers.	Anyway I decided to try a different brand printer and as my friend told me this was the one, since Tuesday I have not talked to him all I knew he was happy with his purchase, so on Saturday night I ordered this, on Sunday morning told me not to buy this as he didn't got 1 print since he got this printer, so here I am writing a review since its something I enjoy and I believe it helps.	as my friend told me and explained his issues:	1. the first issue he ran into is the wires in the printer and under the heated bed, they are not fastened and lose one of the wires were off its location and rubbing on the moving parts he had to put some tapes and bundle them as they are not bundled properly I added some pictures.	2. the sensors on both the top door and the bottom door were bad as it kept giving him a message on the LCD top door is open and he was locked out from the LCD screen while printing.	3. Jog mode was not working properly he had issues moving the Z axes	4. he had leveling bed issues hence not one print would stick to the bed, and that was due to the metal parts in the extruder than has to touch every corner of the bed was not touching the bed for some reason.		I understand this review is what I have witness not what I have experienced but I won't buy this one yet and I would change my review if I had first hand experience if it was better.	I hope this helps
1,Do yourself a favor - buy the version without the 3D scanner at half the price.  The 3D scanner in this machine is unusable.  I purchased it to reproduce some small items I had previously had cast.  I had the original dull-ivory "bucks," perfect for scanning, right? Wrong. The scan preview looked like a livable model was produced, but the actual scan produced... nothing.  Hmm. Several tries, in different positions, with the room lights off, with re-checking the calibration. Still nothing. The support I got said the objects were "too small."  That made no sense to me. I had some PVC pieces on hand, simple shapes and much bigger. SImilar result. With much difficulty, the 3-in-1 system got returned and the non-scanner version ordered.
1,I've had this printer a while now. It's never impressed me. It has a great build volume, but the prints it makes are just ok.		I've had consistent problems with the frame going out of square which leads to carriage jams. It came that way. It also came with bubbly PEI.		EDIT: This morning: Thermal Error E1. Awesome. I hate this printer.
1,not worth buying, made in china, the needle was broke off when i opened the package.  save your money & buy a brown& sharpe when you can afford it.
1,Beware the formula change - previously printed fine, but now I've had to raise my nozzle and bed temperatures to get it to stick to the kapton tape.  On PEI it's a little better - but the new formula just refuses to behave and stick to the bed.  Warps off a kapton sheet with gluestick in just a few layers.		I had to raise my bed temperatures to 85C to get it to stick to PEI.  And nozzle temps past 230 are necessary to extrude it.  Other reviewers have tried 245.  Half a kilo down the drain with failed prints left and right		Packaging on the box is the same for both - but the old formula came in a vacuum bag without a ziplock, and had a solid filament spool.  The new formula has a ziplock bag and uses a honeycomb structure in the center of the spool.		PS - I've probably used around 30-40 kgs of the old formula with no issues past the initial testing phase, and the old formula printed great at 215/60 on a PEI sheet.		Note:	MicroCenter (shipped and sold by them) processed a refund without any fuss.
1,The name is ironic....with a name like rectorseal you think the item would stay sealed during shipping. I received a giant mess and an empty bottle. Since it is a chemical i could not return or even get a refund. Buyer beware
1,So unlike many of the comments on here, I do print a LOT (4 rolls a week). Initially i thought this was a hatchbox re seller, which was what i was looking for. But after printing the filament for roughly 12 hours I can confidently say this is not. Here are the issues I have experienced with this filament.	1. I have had 2 clogs so far. It seems that the diameter is not very consistent, or perhaps it was sitting in a warehouse for an extended period of time.	2. It doesn't flow consistently. Parts came out looking faded and some sections were obviously under extruded.	3. It requires a lot more heat than other brands I use (Hatchbox, Gizmodorks, Esun...). I have to print this at 205C+ (while the rest are amazing at 195) for it to flow well, leading me to believe it is not very pure or something.		Overall, I don't recommenced anyone who relies on their printer to purchase this filament. It just isn't consistent enough and frankly is just inferior to everything else I have tried. A better and cheaper alternative, which I have purchased tens of rolls and never had a problem is Hatchbox. In full disclosure this is based off one roll, so it is possible that mine was a Dud. If the manufacturer wants to send me another roll I will test it and correct this review I did in fact receive a bad roll.
1,It looks nice but for auscultation purposes it is less than desireable. I generally use ADC brand. Not impressed with this stethoscope and I primarily listen to breath sounds. I would not buy another. Actually looking for something to replace this one with now.
1,Defective. Where the ribbon from the LCD meets the PCB, it was misaligned and had several solder bridges. The metal bezel that holds the LCD glass down was bent up and didn't seem to be tight.		Amazon, don't remove this - this next part is NOT part of packaging feedback. Electrostatic Discharge (ESD) protection is a part of the item itself.		Additionally, this had no ESD protection bag. It should have been in a silvery grey static shielding bag, instead it was wrapped in staticky foam then wrapped in packing tape. Shame on you.
1,Nothing but problems with this filament
1,JUNK... completely unusable. I ordered 2 packs (4 bearings total) and each bearing had issues. Two were misaligned in their flange (which is fixable) and 3 of the 4 did NOT roll smoothly with either flat spots on balls or debris within the grease. It's kind of amazing that there's a factory out there shipping "ball bearings" that are defective.
1,This filament has been driving me nuts. I've been attempting some 10 hour prints after doing some 10+ hour prints successfully with no issues with 3D Solutech's black and white PLA filament. I've had to restart three 10 hour prints after the filament has snagged; it turns out that this filament is not completely 1.75mm through out it's whole length and that's been the issue for the filament. I'll be unwinding the whole spool and checking the diameter for consistency as it definitely has spots that are much larger than 1.75mm and has repeatedly clogged my printer. I like the color, but what use is the spool if I cannot use it for the prints for which I purchased it.
1,junk, printouts would not adhere to the glass, even when using hairspray like recommended.
1,Funnel is nice but tip was not cut properly and very jagged. It works but as clean as it should be.
1,got the metal board, didn't come with pegs so i got these and none fit right , all are loose and cheap and i guess for the money it makes sense, not worth the hassle of returning now that i have hung them up but don't buy them or don't try to use with the metal board sold on amazon
1,annoying to work with, hard to mold around the ac
1,Arrived non-functional. After inserting the battery the screen lit up and it displayed 14 degrees F and 16% humidity. I thought it just needed to calibrate or something along those lines well after sitting for several minutes it refused to read anything other than 14/16. The only button on the device is to switch from F to C and all that did was display the same wrong temp in C.
1,Junk!
1,The battery cover was jammed shut. The fragile supporting hinge for the monitor stay came off in the effort to open the battery cover. The display appears to be good otherwise.
1,UPDATE: This printer's advertising is a lie. They state that it can print ABS right out of the box - it can if you don't mind risking burning your house down. The board inside the control box is not wired properly and does not used connectors rated for the power required to print ABS filament. These connectors will melt under the strain of ABS causing it to smoke and eventually catch fire. There is a fix for this issue but why is Monoprice allowed to sell these printers knowing about a faulty electrical connection??!! These printers should all be recalled due to this VERY dangerous design flaw!!!!!!!		I purchased this printer about a month ago. I have been using it on almost a daily basis and it does a decent job for what little it costs compared to other printers.		One major flaw I found ion this printer is its print size. The listing claims that it has a 7 inch (177.8 mm) vertical printing capability. It does not. I attempted to print an object that was just over 6 inches tall, 154 mm to be exact, and the top of the printer's extruder hits the underside of the top of the frame not allowing it to go any further and risks damaging the printer. Basically anything over about 150 mm is not printable because of this error.		The only other problem I found that bugs me is the print bed leveling. The system used to level the bed is faulty - the springs do not stay straight which allows the level of the bed to drift requiring it to be releveled constantly. There are modifications out there that can be printed to fix this but you shouldn't have to fix something like this yourself when the manufacturer obviously just did a faulty job.		Other than these two issues it actually is a decent printer. I've printed basic objects and complex objects with both PLA and PET-G and it has done well with both. I upgraded to a glass print bed (prints much nicer with it) and I printed out a new cooler fan system which allows for better printing.		If you're looking for a good entry level printer for a good value that you don't mind tinkering with and making some modification to then this printer is for you. If you're looking for a printer that doesn't require the level of maintenance this printer requires then you should spend a little more for a better printer without the issues as listed here.		UPDATE: Since owning this printer since December, I have had to replace both fans on the extruder and both the fans in the power supply. All of them are cheap fans that the ball bearings are poorly made and starting making horrible noises. I was told by the Monoprice rep when I called about the warranty that I would need to ship the printer back but at my expense. I'm sorry, but I will not spend that much money to ship this item at my expense when I can fix the fans for under $30 with good fans.
1,When it didn't fail it was great, but this filament failed 90% of the time. I thought it was my printer, but I discovered that there were actual folds, nodes and bumps in the filament that caused it to jam in the feeder. What happened to QC? Would like a replacement or refund. Most of the spool has been used on failed prints, so I cannot return it.
1,I purchased this generator with high hopes of receiving a good quality product.  After a 30 minute warm-up, I used my Techtronic and Siglent digital oscilloscopes to check the wave forms.  I noted that at the lowest, default settings the generator put out a great looking waveform.  However, when I changed the frequency from 1KHz to 10KHz, the sine wave began to distort.  I checked the square wave and it too was distorted beyond any form of Square Wave shape.  I returned the generator and Amazon was excellent in getting me an identical replacement.  Unfortunately, that too was just as defective.  Not only did the waveforms distort, the voltage levels were no where close to the generator's settings.	I returned this unit to Amazon and got a refund.  I immediately ordered an off-brand .1KHz to 60MHz arbitrary waveform generator for about 50% of the cost.  When it arrived, I put it through some basic tests and the waveforms were excellent; great sine, square, saw, etc.  And voltages were spot on.  I don't know what happened in the Siglent factory, but their QC was not up to par to catch the problems with the two generators that I got.
1,Update: The product listing on Amazon has been updated since I originally posted this review. The new product listing has, fortunately, removed the prior inaccurate information about this device being for use with checking salinity in addition to temperature and TDS, etc. In the old listing, it was marketed as a TDS device that could also check salinity in and of itself and on various salinity scales. My original review is below in case the product listing changes again.		*** Original review: ***		I do not recommend this unit if you plan to use it to check salinity in a salt water tank. The product page here on Amazon lists that it is for checking salinity in addition to TDS, temperature, etc. If it doesn't do that (and it doesn't), it should say that.		I purchased one of these to use for my reef aquarium. The product insert says it can be used for reef aquariums and provides instructions for that purpose (two suggested scales). The outside of the box also says that it is for aquarium and aquaculture use. However, my unit was not able to read salinity on either recommended scale; the device simply stated the parameters were out of range and displayed no reading. I tested my water with another salinity-measuring device and also calculated the salinity by hand, and the water was within standard reef parameters according to both calculations. However, the HM Digital I received could not read within that range.		I tested the device in other solutions as well with varying levels of salt and it was able to pick up a reading for lower levels of salinity. However, it could not pick up a reading for salinity in a standard salt water tank range even when the salt water was not mixed in with the tank (and thus had not been dosed with anything). The HM Digital did, however, consistently read temperature in all samples I tested.		Otherwise, the device was easy to use. It is easy to switch modes and was great for reading temperature; but it's a rather expensive for just temperature use.		There might be a simple explanation for this, or I might have received a bad unit, but when I contacted the company, they ignored my email. I am returning the item through the seller, who has been helpful. I wanted to love this item, but unfortunately, I recommend that you just buy a hydrometer or an actual refractometer for salt water use.
1,Noisy, noisy, noisy.  I'm talking seriously noisy.  And the jury is out on the bag.  It is very large before placing it in the vacuum, and then it gets totally scrunched when installing.  The Stanley rep said just stick in and you are good to go. ?  After using the first time, I opened the vacuum and found the bag in the same scrunched position.  I can't imagine it holding anywhere near the amount that its size promises.  And did I mention that it is extremely noisy? Given the Costco cost, I'll keep it and probably wear ear protectors the next time that I use it.  Picks up the dirt off the garage floor, but poorly designed.  The 10 foot cord will get you nowhere.  Extension cord a must.		Going to Goodwill.  Constantly tips over, and the bags really are a pain.  Terrible product.
1,The new app shows the temperatures really nicely, with a vertical scale at the left of the picture. But they're meaningless. See attached pictures showing a near view of a washing machine drum, and a medium distance view of the same machine. Temperatures are wildly different. This device is fun to play with, and may be reliable for showing variations in temperature, but you can't take the temperatures seriously, at all.
1,Can not choose color, so you get the one you don't want.  Also, rubber o-ring on these go bad, when you replace battery's you can't get the cover back on. I took the seal off but then water leaked in and rusted on the battery terminals (and batteries).
1,Will return
1,This idiotic device is designed to stop for a moment every 30 seconds.  That drives me crazy, and you can't turn that feature off.  Never again! I eventually stopped using it and now only take it with me when I travel. Maybe, if I'm lucky, I'll forget it in a hotel bathroom.
1,DO NOT BUY THIS MICROWAVE. I have never been so dissatisfied with a product I've purchased over Amazon. It was defective right out of the box. CHEAPLY MADE IN CHINA. Others have had similar problems with this product. The microwave is made out of cheap plastic, poorly constructed. The fan malfunctioned and the unit overheated causing a small fire....and this was only after 5 minutes of use....RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX. I'm filing a consumer complaint. Panasonic has really crapped up their products over the years.
1,The Hoover MaxExtract77 Multi-Surface Pro Carpet & Hard Floor Cleaner is advertised to clean both carpets and hard floors, including sealed hardwood floors.  In the past we've used a Bissell carpet cleaning machine which has worked well on rugs & carpets, but having been unable to find a good hardwood floor cleaner we have always had to clean our hardwood floors manually.  Since our home has a lot of hardwood flooring with some rugs & carpets my wife and I were very hopeful this model would meet our needs with one machine.		The cleaner arrives packaged in a huge box.  The contents were neatly packed, and nothing arrived broken or missing.  Assembly was simple with only a Phillips head screwdriver needed to attach the handle.  The instructions included with the cleaner are poorly written and illustrated, but we were able to figure out how to use the machine with little difficulty.  The Hoover web site, to their credit, has some very clear-cut videos that show exactly how to assemble and use the cleaner.  I recommend viewing those before trying to operate the cleaner since the printed instructions are so poor.		As advertised, the cleaner has separate tanks for clean and dirty water.  My wife found it difficult to snap the tank with clean water into place, but the dirty water tank is easy to install and remove.  The cleaner comes with sample cleaning solutions for both carpets and hardwood floors (different solution is used for each).  First off, this machine is very loud -- much louder than most vacuums and so loud that hearing protection would be advised during usage.  It is also quite heavy and cumbersome to move around on carpeting.  My wife had a fair amount of difficulty moving it in directions other than straight forward and back.  It cleans rugs and carpeting well, and the suction left no moisture under our rugs.  My wife felt it may have cleaned rugs slightly better than our Bissell unit did, but she found this Hoover cleaner to be much more difficult to push around on rugs.		We were greatly disappointed in the cleaner's ability to clean our hardwood floors.  While it did fine from a cleaning standpoint, the cleaner did a very poor job of extracting liquid off the floor despite using the included squeegee attachment.  It left a large amount of liquid on the flooring and seemed to do little more than push it around the floor when it was supposed to be sucking it back up.  Even worse, it seemed to deposit more liquid on the floor while we were trying to dry it.  It ended up generating extra work as we had to mop the floor afterward.  In the end my wife felt it involved less work to clean our hardwood floors manually than it does with this Hoover cleaner.		Bottom line:  if you have predominantly rugs & carpeting you will probably be happy with this Hoover floor cleaner as it really does clean those areas well.  But you could also probably find another rug & carpet floor cleaner that does just as well for less.  I cannot recommend this floor cleaner for hardwood floors.  We do not have tile floors in our home, so I cannot fairly comment about how it would work on tile surfaces.  But as poorly as this unit performed with extracting liquid off our hardwood flooring I would not expect it to work any better on tile.  So our search goes on for a good hardwood floor cleaner.  This Hoover is not the machine for that job.
1,Broke at the hand pump neck. Waste of money in my opinion. I went and bought another set that was only 18 dollars. It's the ordinary one you see doctors hand around their neck. Works a lot better and is a lot more efficient than this one. The reason why I say this one is less efficient is because you have to hold the pump with one hand and that hand is tied up. I find it cumbersome because of the pump. I'm faster with the cheaper one.
1,I bought this with two different calibrating fluids, 342 and 1000. At first it wouldn't turn on, but after several tries it did. I checked its reading in the calibration fluids. For 342, it read 330, for 1000 it read 700. Not acceptable. While I was testing it and calibrate it, the meter turned off by itself and I could never get it to turn back on.		Very disappointed in a unit that can't work long enough to test and calibrate out of the box,. Now I wonder if my old TDS meter that died after very light usage was accurate at all. Definitely not worth buying. Guess I'll be searching for a better brand.
1,Why pay for a single tool when you can get the entire set for about same price?  Search amazon or your favorite auction side for 'painting knife' or 'palette knife'. For example this one from Amazon&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/uxcell-5-Piece-Painting-Knife-Set/dp/B004669XQ6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">uxcell 5-Piece Painting Knife Set</a>&nbsp;. As for 3D removal tools, these knives work well but this tool is even better&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/3D-Print-Removal-Tool/dp/B00VB1U886/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">3D Print Removal Tool</a>.
1,Bottle arrived wrapped in bubble wrap, but that didn't keep it from having an inch-long crack up the side.  Given the fact that I shelled out 5 bucks for what is likely a 50-cent item from China, this is unacceptable.		Go to your local drugstore and buy a good one.  That's what I ended up doing.
1,I will never buy again from this seller - Micca Distributor.  They do not operate their business with integrity and they have no concern for their customers.  They are unresponsive and dishonest.		The one star is for Amazon for making this right and giving me a refund.		OK, on to the product.  There is NO reason to buy this product.  It is cheap, inferior quality.  The supplied toskink cable that comes with the FiiO is a throw-away.  Better to spend another $10-$20 and get a decent cable.		Thanks to another reviewer, I ordered the Orei and did a side-by-side comparison.  The Orei produces exponentially superior sound quality.  Using the Orei with an Apple TV streaming from my iTunes library, it works fine for whole house audio distribution of background music.  Let's be honest - Neither is an audiophile level DAC.  If you want that, think about spending hundreds, not $30.  I haven't tried the Geffen, which is a good company, but the reviews are worse at twice the price.		Do yourself a favor - Don't make my mistake - Don't buy this product.
1,will not buy again
1,Dusty like the other reviewers found. I don't have such good luck cleaning mine, as the cover glass is very small for my giant monster size hands.
1,My problem isn't the product.  I ordered what you see in the picture, the suction cup reacher.  But what I actually received was the claw reacher.  Not the same thing.  I purchased this for picking up stuff while on my lawn mower.  Rocks, sticks, dog toys, kids toys, tennis balls, etc.  After careful consideration assumed the suction cup one would be best that's why I ordered that.  The claw version works OK, but not great.  It's honestly more hassle to send it back than it is to soldier on.  But were I an elderly person expecting to get the suction cup reacher because that what I really needed, well, I might never be able to get that can of peaches off the top shelf.
1,Worked as expected. Recieved in time as posted. Product is of good quality.
1,Disc are not very good--about what you get at Harbor Freight. Not seller's fault but you get what you pay for. Eac disc lasts about 15 minutes cleaning up angle iron to weld.
1,These are not worth it.  Buy the Dremel brand in bulk; they offer better value.  These are really limp, I went through a pack of them in no time, even being gentle, running half speed as recommended.  The real Dremel brand ones did better, enough so to justify their increased cost, but I hope you don't need many of these little brushes like I did, as they will bankrupt you.  Good luck!
1,The sticky backing for these was weak.  Depending on what you are putting them on, you might need to apply some glue, if the situation allows for it.
1,It was not as SENSITIVE as some declare.	Mine may be defective, but sending it back after not picking up emanations from my largest transformers.	It does detect radiation from common wiring and motors, but not the giants ... most puzzling.
1,Poor quaility. Would not order again and would definately not recommend them
1,Photo is misleading, these are JUNK the sizes are so small its not of any real use. Stay Away from these. Waste of money
1,I guess I should not have expected much for this price.  No problems with assembly, mostly just a lot of switches.  But the signal quality is poor.  While the frequency response is good, the amount of distortion and noise is terrible.  See the three attached photos of a 250 Hz sine wave.  The first shows the overall noise level and the second and third ones show the nature of the noise which seems to be not random at all.  Unless you are just wanting to play around, I would not suggest spending your money on this.  Go to Ebay and buy a older used but tested function generator and have something you can really use.
1,returned doesnt even hold a paper on the fridge
1,Oh dear God  the mess! First, the little plastic boxes just POP right open at the least provocation and scatter little balls ALL OVER!		So I used the floor sweeper picked most of the  up in the dust pan. Sorted out all the dirt and crap  then got them back in the little plastic boxes then I scotch tapped them shut so it would not happen again. So another week goes by and I see them start into turn color  so I popped it in the micro for 5 minutes. Melted the little plastic case down and my micro was full of little loose beads. Straight into the trash can this time!		Total waste!
1,Leaves residue not lIke what they advertise.  Product had multiple mini Dimond  paterns imprinted on it on every layer  I hope this doesn't  affect  the long term integrity  this could be damage  from the shipping  or manufacturer I don't know. Utility duct tapes are only for temporary repairs, this is not  a utility duct tape its a  Gaffer long term repairs tape
1,I ordered 2 rods they were shipped separately one in a sturdy cardboard tube perfect. Second on was shipped in 2 cardboard boxes attached on end to cover the 96" rod sadly it wasn't sturdy enough and the rod was bent.
1,I will say this when it works it's a good cheap printer, but it hardly works.  Right now I'm trying to get help from customer service for it not extruding filament and for the bed constantly being out of calibration.  Customer service is the worst thing about this printer, all I'm getting is run around and questions about unrelated stuff.  And let me be clear I've had this thing less than a month and haven't even hit 50 hours of printing yet.  The other thing that wasn't great was right out of the box the door hinge was broke.  If you buy this just be aware of what might happen to you, it's good when it prints but those times are few and far between.		Addition	Ended up returning this printer, Amazon was kind enough to take it back.  Seriously don't buy this printer it's not worth the head aches it will give you.
1,Verrrrry slow shipping. Not worth waiting for. I could have machined my own 10 times by now.
1,Mine quit same day it arrived....laser beam just quit.
1,This item was bought to promote a contact between the skin and a heart rate watch from SwimOutlet who advertised that a good contact was necessary. Tried the watch with and without the contact gel. Neither worked. I doubt it was the fault of the gel. I thought it was the fault of the watch, and sent it back and received a credit. I wanted a heart rate meter because I was under great workload in physical therapy.
1,Tried multiple times to use this filament but it broke both parts I tried to print. It bubbled and split the parts or it curled on its own. Will not buy again. Comparing this to 3D Solutech this is worse. Even the price is more for junk.
1,poor
1,There is nothing 'right' about this device....the 5 stars , we'll...no idea what they are thinking.		Doesn't tighten properly		Heavily plastic		Ballpoint won't stay put		Rubber slides around out of place under any pressure		It is simply awful , do not buy this....please.
1,at this point there are nearly 20 of these here on amazon and they all do the same so heh?
1,Oh god were do I begin.	I only tried PLA 3mm I wanted to try ABS but now with the bad results I got I don't have the motivation, I am going to review this filament on my Youtube channel and live print and compare it with other PLA as well but for here this is my review:	1. its inconsistant with its diameter, the tolerance of error is very large it can go from 2.90mm to 3.5mm at times, I hardly had consistency with this PLA.	2. it does not print good quality and warp as if it was ABS, I found that weird but I have pictures to back me up.	3. it variate very quickly to temperature change, I usually set 210 for PLA and this brand either don't flow good less than 205 or at 210 it start stringing.		I printed examples, 2 different brands, white is IC3D and Green is ColorFabb and you can judge for your self	I don't advise you buy this PLA its expensive for the bad quality.	and it causes jam in my printer and I have pictures of that as well
1,I have to return my filament because it's so brittle and keeps on breaking during printing
1,It had a solid heavy feel, but I was mistaken.  This thing kept draining the batteries while turned off in storage.  Now, my Neiko caliper is dead, something is blown inside the circuitry after only a few uses.  This same junky caliper is sold under several different brand logos.  I keep learning my lesson over and over again to avoid tools Made in China.  Now I'm buying Japanese made Mitutoyo 500-196-20 as a replacement.
1,The newest trend in vacuums are the "compact upright" slim/lightweight profile vacuums. Most of them are under 12 pounds & around $50.		The Airspeed One is the compact version of the Eureka Airspeed product line. If you've read my other reviews, you'd know I'm a huge fan of Eureka. Their motors & suction are just as good Dyson, no joke.		The Airspeed One is only 10 amps (not 12), and it's not "lossless suction" (it has a cheap foam filter that can clog the whole works). But the motor & suction are still excellent, almost on par with the other Airspeed products, at about half the weight & half the price.		BUT... the Airspeed One has so many other flaws I do not recommend it.		It is cheaply made. They cut every corner possible. The handle & canister fall out easily. I'm constantly reassembling it. There is no upright lock position (the thing is falling over *all* the time). The parts are paper-thin plastic & break easily. The hose is very short & not stretch - you can't do the stairs, the ceiling fan, etc. The cord is too short. This is such a step backwards for Eureka, it just makes vacuuming a horrible chore.		Not to worry. There are 2 options I urge you to consider before making your decision.		The first is the Bissell PowerForce Compact. It has a little less suction than the Airspeed One (only 7 amps), but fewer problems. So I consider it a step up...and it's cheaper! Today, both the Airspeed One and the Bissell PowerForce Compact are $53 on Amazon, but the Bissell is only $39 at Walmart! That's 20% less for a more reliable machine.		However in my opinion the much better choice is the Eureka upgrade - the AirSpeed One "Turbo". It solves most of the problems I mentioned. It has a stretch hose, better on-board tools, the cord is 5 feet longer, & higher quality parts (it's built better). And while it's currently $75 on Amazon, it's only $53.99 at Walmart! In other words, get the upgraded version for the same price. A much better deal all around.		Please be aware that Amazon prices fluctuate, almost daily. Hope this helps - happy cleaning!
1,This filament does not come vacuum sealed, and the edge is left loose. This is by design according to Monoprice. Unfortunately, this makes for a tangled spool of filament that you must untangle before any printing can begin. After that point, you need to ensure the PLA hasn't swelled due to water absorption before printing. I would not recommend this filament, it is a hassle before you even load it.
1,Not the quality you can relied on!  The crimp material is made of inadequate material SOFT ALUMINUM.  After the crimp, in 2 places on each side, the wire is not held secure, I pulled it out with little effort. This goes for all of these items I am reviewing.  When I was first hired after college, the guy I was assigned to sat me down with a pair of crimpers and 500 wires, for 18 gauge to 12 gauge, told me to put the proper crimp inline terminals on the end of the wire and call him when I was through. Needless to say, it took some time, strip, crimp and go to the next. Bob (his real name is Robert) came back sat down and proceeded to check each crimp using a pliers to pull on the crimp after wrapping the wire around a conduit pipe.  None could be pulled loose by him.  He looked at me and said: "You can work with me!"  We were together as a team for 4 years. I understand crimps, these are not crimps, the internal metal crimp appears to be SOFT ALUMINUM. This means you cannot solder them in a pinch and then slide the insulator on to the crimp and tape for a temporary fix.  NO I DO NOT RECCOMEND FOR ANY USE TO ANYONE for ANY JOB.
1,Sticks after a few uses.
1,Disappointed in the quality.  Not at all worth the price.  These are a bit difficult to tighten and have to be tightened by hand--there is no ratchet.  They will not work on large items.  I tried them to move a small bookcase.  I felt very unsure of the security of the strapping and, consequently, drove slower and felt anxious for the entire five blocks.  I used them inside the SUV to secure items and that worked out fine.  I also plan to use them to strap together a few boxes to help my son move his items more easily.  The problem is that these are not adequate for typical application in which you would want to use lashing straps.  If you need them for jobs inside the home or inside a trunk or cargo area of a vehicle, then they might be handy--but keep in mind they can only do small jobs as they are not long enough or wide enough for anything else.  Bottom line:  save your money.
1,The smell is awful. Stinks like burnt plastic and not he sweet smell I usually associate with PLA. The diameter of my rol;l is averaging around 1.68 mm and is inconsistent, which makes it very difficult to use.	I will not be buying again.
1,Not working on Mac longer than 5 secons with PhotoBooth.
1,Causes more problems than fixes.
1,These wheels are functionally very useful and sturdy, however, that functionality is vastly overshadowed by their noxious and offensive odor. If you're planning on using these wheels in an open-shop environment I am sure they will work well, but any confined space or environemnt where air quality is a consideration should be avoided. The odor is reminiscent of petrochemical or tar production and is overwhelming if there is not active and forced ventilation. It's been over 2 weeks since I cleaned and attempted to let them off-gas and the odor just seems to be getting stronger.
1,This filament is very frustrating. It is way softer than expected and I can't seem to get it to print with any kind of quality. I have ordered other hatchbox products with great success, but this just doesn't seem to work for me. I wish I could exchange it!
1,Arrived with no lid. Pretty good and solid but needed a lid for dust collection. Useless without it for me. Will have to return. 1 star until I get a bucket with a lid. The description clearly stated a lid was included.
1,These gloves are a small..they fit my hand like a large...way to big
1,Picture is wrong. These are like o-rings. Not washers.
1,Harbor sells this exact item for $9.99 and its junk. Not even worth the 10 bucks let alone the 18 bucks they want for it here. My crimping tool destroyed the outer plastic. Its almost a hard plastic that will break off in pieces. The metal ends are a joke, they are so thin you can bend them with your fingers. The price suckered me into buying them but when more of them break then you can use its a big waste of everything.
1,The internal size is NOT 2mm and does not work for my 3D printer. My 1.75mm filament only fits if you force it in. The tubing is also not Semi-Transparent as stated in the description it is a solid white color.	DO NOT BUY FOR 3D PRINTER.
1,My lid was not cracked. I got about 3 uses out of this but after a month it turned into a gummy mess and had to toss it out. I guess I should have put it inside the house instead of leaving it in the hot garage?	Even when it was brand new, I found it to be messy and difficult to work with, never was able to get a clean finish, always messy looking
1,Cheap lights but only about half of them work right. The others flicker constantly when they are on.
1,I've had this unit less than a mount and it's dead. The screen has died and is so dim that it's unreadable and it's ineligible for a refund/return. Avoid this, spend a little more and get something quality.
1,I purchased 6 pieces of PC for a project and upon arrival, every panel was warped and cut very poorly. It looks like whoever cut the panels used the wrong blade or tried to cut too quickly, which generated heat and warped the panels. I was going to use the panels for a project that required precise tolerances, which this product is far from. Returned the item as they were quite expensive for such poor quality panels.
1,The bottle came damaged.  The bottle itself was crushed, while the spray head was scraped up as though it slid across a concrete floor.
1,If you're looking for something to wander around your tile floor and pick up dirt, and you don't have very many obstacles in the room, and you don't mind the sound of a shrieking robot, get this item!  If you have carpets or furniture or sleep when it's running, go elsewhere.		Edit:  It's a month later and this thing died.  Now I have a dead shrieking robot.  Which is only good for when my ex-wife comes over.  Seriously, screw her.
1,We had complaints of smell after using this low odor Dap.  Its not bonding to marble either we had to re-do an entire install.
1,As of 2018 Inland has declined in quality. Before 2018 all my rolls were amazing, bought from both Amazon and Microcenter. Now, buying from both Microcenter in-store and Amazon the rolls just aren't what they use to be. I'm no longer a lover of Inland. This makes me so sad. Now it will cost me more to get quality prints.
1,ok if the magent was stronger on the pennsylvania roads it bounces off like crazy
1,Bought 3 of these for a home aquaponics project. Just now putting them in and it looks like 1 out of the 3 never fully closes... I do have them installed in a horizontal position like the instructions dictate and it looks like it's leaking less and less as the valve open and closes so it might fix itself over time. #Update# The valve that never fully closes still is leaking + others now. Also when open they have very little flow, close to how much they leak when they are open so they are pretty much useless.. also these things could probably catch something on fire when activated. Definitely too hot to touch. going to cut my losses and get a ball valve
1,Well, I'm no metric guru, but last time I checked 5mm was roughly equal to .20 inch.  The ten chokes I received, although of good quality, are NOT capable of receiving a .20 cable.  ...maybe half that, at best.  Maybe the seller shipped the wrong ones?  As I mentioned, they are of decent quality but not useful to me, and too small to worry about returning.  FWIW, your mileage may vary.
1,I've been using the supply for bench electronics work for about a year now and I have to say I'm generally unhappy with it.		The pro's are obvious, it has a nice form factor and good specs. But here are the cons: I'd say the most annoying one is that it doesn't have any output shutoff, as in, when you turn off the power switch, it slowly browns out as the internal caps discharge. If your only powering a little IC, it can take 30 seconds or more to shutoff. I consider this unacceptable. It also means that you need to manually disconnect your project before you turn the supply on, since you can't adjust the output before you turn it on. Basically it's a pain. I've been meaning to add a manual disconnect, but I haven't gotten around to it.		A second, minor con which I'll just get out of the way here is that the readouts are pretty inaccurate. The current readout is completely useless below 100ma. I'd call this a minor problem though, since that's what you'd expect for a budget power supply.		Ok, here's the third con, which I consider the final nail in the coffin: The display on this supply has gone blank on me several times. Each time, it required a restart to get the display back. It's not random, I think it was caused by some kind of transient condition that was happening occasionally on a certain project. ..Annoying, and it calls into question the reliability of this things control circuit. I'm mildly worried that this thing is going to shoot up to 30 volts and blow up a circuit one of these days.		The only reason I gave this supply 2 starts instead of 1 is that it does serve its purpose on my bench. I just wish I had spent a little more on something better.
1,The locking screw was bent when it arrived. Beware.		Any movement will turn it on, and this causes the battery to drain quickly.		Everything else seems fine
1,Good for the price. Welds are not neat. looks like it was welded by an amateur. well, there is no parts diagram. just an explanation what to do. figure out yourself what is what and where. there appears to be plastic cap on its rear side and i have no clue what its function is. The valve is metal and in front and that i know. the hydraulics was not smooth.		Update: Just after one use, kept in storage. today I noticed that all the hydraulic fluid leaked out on its on! the screw was tight and the o-ring was in its place. I guess it was a leak from somewhere else. therefore, I am slashing it to 0 stars (if i could). waste of money. Pics attached. Now I am out of return window. thumbs down to amazon for selling this low quality product.
1,I don't know why it would say 45% humidity is low and 29% humidity is ok this don't seem very accurate to me.
1,I bought this based upon what some users claimed it did not dry out. I had never seen a super glue that once opened did not dry out, so I thought let's see. Well I found out; any super glue once opened dries out. The air in the bottle, even the small amount introduced upon opening that stays in the bottle after closing is enough to start drying process. So now I know why they sell single use tubes; it's the only way to go unless you need a large amount all at one time. Wrote this for others so they don't have to repeat my experiment.
1,These are awkward ...Light sucks.  Better off with a plain insprction mirror and a small flashlight.  Nice try but FAIL...IMO
1,Really looks like cheap junk cannot get consistent color out of a print no matter the temp. I have tried all variants on extrusion but this stuff just didn't deliver. On FFCP all metal end. Possibly a bad roll I have had success with 3d Solutech before.
1,Comes as two separate pieces and did not have seal ring,
1,I did not find any benefit with these sheets and they were much more of a headache to use than anything else.  These are thick; so thick that the extruder height will need to be adjusted so that your nozzle doesn't rip right through.  These are also VERY sticky which made removing them a huge pain.  The sheet will rip right off the glue.  I had to use Krud Cutter and a razor blade to scrap the glue off my bed.  I have an aluminum bed as a point of reference.
1,May work well on some materials, but took almost an hour to cut a 1-1/2 inch diameter hole in a porcelain tile. Even submerged the tile in a shallow pan of water as described in several other posts.  And don't use too much force, because if you slip you will make an unremovable scratch across the face of your tile.  Quick note: if you are cutting tile in water with a 120 volt(cord- connected) dremel, make sure that you are connected to a GFCI protected outlet.
1,This toothpaste did not deliver any noticeable whitening for me. Also I did not enjoy the hydrogen peroxide taste. The mint flavoring was not strong enough to mask the hydrogen peroxide taste nor was it strong enough to even freshen my breath. The tube is made of thick rigid plastic and difficult to squeeze the product out. Also, this is pretty expensive compared to other toothpastes. If you want real whitening, try whitening strips or get Zoom whitening from your dentist. I get Zoom from my dentist when I need instant whitening. Then I use Crest White Strips to maintain my teeth's whiteness afterwards. I am able to maintain very white teeth with this regimen despite that I regularly enjoy  coffee, tea, red, tomato sauce, and soy sauce. I don't see the point of this toothpaste. It comes in fancy packaging, is expensive, tastes gross, and doesn't do enough of what it's supposed to do. Overall, I do not recommend this product.
1,Watch the price before buying, if you are paying over 22 then you are wrong. It will double in price over night. Other wise this is good stuff
1,I don't think it actually works.  I tested the hard water out of the well, it was really hard.  I tested the water coming out of the water softener, it still said it was really hard.  The softened water tastes like softened water and feels like softened water.  I was going to use these test strips to adjust the hardness setting on the water softener.  I just don't trust them
1,I ordered this caliper to have an inexpensive one for my range bag and to be able to measure something in millimeters. It holds zero. I checked it against my "older" Browne & Sharpe caliper and they read the same. Comes with an extra battery which is a nice plus. Certainly not as smooth as my "older" B&S caliper, but in this price range I didn't expect that. I am hopeful that this caliper will hold up reasonably well it seems to be "not too shabby" and I am pleased with it so far. November 16,2014 update. I have to downgrade this caliper to two stars, Initially I was pleased but recently they started sticking when trying to open them from the zero position. I tried "cleaning" the slide and applying a small bit of lube, this helped but the more I thought about it the less I trusted these things. I am replacing them with something better.
1,Useless for humidity. Humidity was consistently 10% off versus 2 other humidity gauges I have.
1,Half the bearings are rough and unusable. No amount of lube helps.	These came packaged the same way as another set of bearings from a different seller which had the same problems. I'm assuming they come from the same low quality factory overseas.
1,$8 at time of purchase. These are junk. Now I understand what they meant when they told me to get good tweezers. The tips don't line up, the edges are rounded in all the wrong places, one tweezer was bent to hell. No, these are not "anti-magnetic." At least they come with a carrying case.		I'll repeat the wisdom of literally every electronics guy ever: Save yourself the trouble. Get yourself nice tweezers.
1,Filament cracks and broke several times in my Bowden tube.  I can't leave the spool on in between prints or it will break off in the heat break as well.
1,2 things: the clamp does not have a bar to tight it, bad design, also the balls loose and keep turning, bad design again Honestly, for a vise this small, $30-$35 would be reasonable
1,I ordered three of these since I needed something 10gallon size.  I'm barely willing to keep them since they actually do hold what I need to put in them.  I expected the commercial grade brute cans, even the 10 gallon, to be stronger than this.  The plastic is thin, and the can is easily deformed.  Amazon screwed up as well, since the box they packed them in was too shallow, and the rims were compressed out of round.  Sitting empty for two days, they didn't return to round, I had to press them back into shape.  Pretty pathetic considering I have several other old rubbermaid trashcans that hold their shape no matter what you do to them.  And when the lids finally arrived, they don't even fit well.  Sure they cover the can, and yes, they 'lock' into place below the handles.  But the rest of the lid is loose, and not even down tight to completely close the can.  Commercial? food grade?  They can only be refering to the formula for the plastic, since the construction itself is barely acceptable for general use.		If you want to keep things out of the can, you'll have to put a weight on the lid, forget trying to seal it.
1,Garbage! Doesn't stick well to surfaces
1,This is specifically the bronze variety.		I bought two spools, the first one worked fairly well, but the second one has snapped on two out of three prints, and if a print completes and the printer sits in place for a while the filament will usually snap, causing me wasted material and time removing the broken piece of filament.		Also, on the second spool the printer seems to be underextruding, and occasionally delivering a fat layer, leading me to believe that this filament may have inconsistencies with regard to thickness. Changing to another filament immediately resolves the issue, eliminating the possibility that it's a printer issue.		EDIT - August 3, 2016 - This bronze filament is VERY hit and miss and I can't recommend it. The first spool worked well apart from occasionally breaking near the end of the roll, but the second spool purchased is utter trash. It is either full of bubbles or water. I put it into an oven set at 175F four three hours in an attempt to dry it out and after letting it cool and trying a new print it is still crackling and popping like crazy, and print layers look terrible and inconsistent. The filament itself is dimensionally accurate at exactly 1.75mm according to my digital calipers, so I can only conclude that the stuff is either so full of water that it can't be dried with three hours baking in an oven, of that it's full of bubbles.
1,I have had this a couple of yrs, and needed to use it recently. I had forgotten that one characteristic of this box is if you open all of the switches, you get a dead short (which I suppose is OK if you are not selecting a load resistor like I was).		At any rate, when I opened the box to check, I noticed the binding posts were very corroded to the terminal board. Not good. Thing is, I am not sure how the corrosion could have occurred unless it was stored in a wet environment, which it was not since purchase.
1,Pretty light gauge metal. You get what you pay for.
1,Looks great, has great attachments but the suction is less to be desired.
1,I suppose that there are windows out there that actually require such a wide spline. Unfortunately for me, none of my 30-plus window and door screens do - and my house is only 13-years old. I ended up returning these splines.
1,Tubing has about an 1.8mm ID which is slightly too small for my flashforge creator pro. In comparison the teflon tubing supplied with my printer which is listed as an ID of 2mm is actually 2mm. You can fit the filament through but it's too tight on this tubing.  However, this is within Fluorotherm's tolerances [...] so just beware that yours may be on the low side of the tolerance.
1,My son's favorite color... he loves printing with this filament.		Updated... my son has the XYZ Davinci Jr.  DO NOT BUY THIS FILAMENT for Jr. Model printers!  This is ABS filament and the Jr. models require PLA filament.  This was not in the FAQ or notes when I purchased this product for my son a few months ago.  He was able to print a few test items, but that's it.  He recently had a school project and he designed a few taller objects that either kept falling over or unraveling after a few layers.  I had no idea that there were even different filaments for XYZ printers.  This fit perfectly and the spool looks exactly the same.  But ABS filament requires a heated bed to print and virtually NO home printer has that, much less an entry level one.  So now I'm stuck with an almost full spool of ABS filament that will likely never be used.  Sure wish there was more information about this available while ordering.  I found out by getting on the Davinci support website where I out of pure luck found out that Jr. models don't take BLA filament.  It's obscure and hard to find.  Not this sellers fault and he even now has it as a FAQ, but unless you are familiar with 3D printing, I doubt you realize there is a difference between the filament material either.  Again, it's the same size, comes on an identical spool, fits, etc.  But it won't work.
1,After a month or two, it no longer sticks. I had a simple application, tape some small telephone wires to the inside of a new cabinet. The telephone jack ended up inside a cabinet and I mounted the phone on the outside. I routed the wires in the cabinet and used 4-5 pieces of Gorilla tape to hold the wires. It has been 1-2 months and the tape is no longer sticking to the cabinet walls. Keep in mind these are very small telephone wires. I have found this to be true a number of times where after 1-3 months, the tape simply no longer sticks to whatever you applied the tape to. I've used other heavy duty black tape such as Nashua or 3M and they stick much better and a lot longer.	Another case where the hype doesn't meet the reality.
1,Worked well the first dozen times I used it. After showing an open on pins 1 & 2 and me cutting off the RJ45 three times, I tried it on a known good cable. Same reading. Closer inspection revealed the number 1 pin was bent over the #2 pin. Straitened it but still reads open. Replaced with Southwire model M400TP.
1,connection to the back is not very good, I probably will have to replace them
1,Returned
1,I RECOMMEND THIS INSTEAD!!!!!!!!!!!!
1,I purchased this meter to test the pH of my newly found hobby of brewing kombucha. Apparently, keeping the ph at the right levels makes for a wonderful  carbonated kombucha. The meter is an attractive tool with its own carrying case for storing. I've never used a. Meter before, so relying totally on the instructions, which I diligently followed to the letter, I could not get the calibrated. It would work as expected, but next use, I'd have to do the whole calibration process again. I ran out of testing powder and gave up. Very disappointed, thought this was a great idea! I asked my CA pool certified hubby to look at this and he couldn't get it to hold the calibration from testing to next testing either. I purchased this to test and provide an honest  review from my personal use and experience.
1,Went to use this for the first time last night, and the shaft is too small to fit in my 1/8" collet on my rotary tool. tried a couple and will not tighten down enough.
1,Low quality PLA. Did not print well and I had to go much slower. It also warped. I suspect it's mixed with some ABS?		Skip this and get some hatchbox or inland.
1,I did not like this unit. It took forever to stabilize; I think there was something wrong with it so I returned it.
1,Wasn't able to use because it wasn't exactly the color I needed but that was my fault.  The packaging says 3M, but it sure doesn't look and feel like the 3M quality I'm use to.  I did try a small piece of it and it seemed to tear very easy which made me question the durability.
1,Does not fuse. Rips. Doesn't stretch. I used "rescue tape" and F4 and they actually worked. I used other colors from this company and none of them worked.
1,Awful gaffer's tape. Very thin and not very sticky compared to the previous brand I bought on Amazon. I got this because it was cheaper and got what I paid for. I would suggest the better tape:		<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Allstar-Performance-ALL14253-Ultra-Professional-Grade-GAFFER-S-Tape-Matte-Black-2-34-x-55-Yards-165-83-More-Than-Standard-30-Yard-Roll-Premium-11-5-Mil-Thickness-Made-in-the-U-S-A-Waterproof-Removes-Clean-Durable-Non-Reflective/dp/B003BZWR4S/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Allstar Performance ALL14253 Ultra-Professional Grade GAFFER'S Tape, Matte Black - 2" x 55 Yards/165' (83% More Than Standard 30 Yard Roll), Premium 11.5 Mil Thickness - Made in the U.S.A., Waterproof, Removes Clean, Durable, Non-Reflective</a>
1,Terrible product. Won't calibrate as per the included instructions or the website video (different instructions for each). The buffer powder wouldn't dissolve; even after an hour there were big chunks floating around. The display never would stabilize into a reading; it constantly jumped around. When I first opened the box there was a white powder all over the end of the meter and probe. I took the battery cover off and there was more white powder all over the place and inside of the pen on the circuit board. Absolute piece of trash.		If you are thinking of buying this meter I highly suggest you go watch their calibration video first. I would have never considered this meter if I had seen that ridiculous video first.		I use and calibrate ph meters on a daily basis and I would never recommend this junk. Save your time, money and frustration and look elsewhere. Luckily Amazon takes care of us when trash like this is sold to consumers with a no hassle prepaid return.
1,eSUN 3mm Orange PLA PRO (PLA+) 3D Printer Filament 1KG Spool (2.2lbs), Actual Diameter 2.85mm +/- 0.05mm, Orange	I purchased the Orange and I am not happy with the color.. It really looks orange in the photos but is more of a peach color and even more Peachy once printed
1,Very low quality.  I have used hatckbox abs white and had no problems.  This stuff warps like crazy for some reason.  It is unusable...
1,What a bunch of sh*t.  I spent $40 so I could use this for dissolve able support material, but it is like it's OILED!  It will not stick AT ALL to ABS, PLA, HIPS, or PETG.  WTF.  The extruder just balls up because the material will not transfer to the supports.  This is a total waste of $40 and WEEKS of my life trying every temperature imaginable on each of the materials I had.
1,I've got a 3Doodler 2.0 first, purchased locally, which was complete junk (see customer reviews for 2.0 here on Amazon). Was able to return it and purchase a 3Doodler Create. All I can say is that this is probably the most frustrating technical/creative present I've ever purchased for my kids.		I also own a 3D printer, so I have some idea about basic physics of plastic filament deposition modeling and thermal properties of various plastics. This pen doesn't take into account even basic physics of the extrusion process. Cold section of the nozzle feeding tube is too short, which puts the cold thermal break way too close to the feeding gear. Feeding is based on a worm gear, which is hardly adequate when used with hard plastics (e.g. PLA). Very little has been done to properly calibrate retraction (the part when the plastic is "sucked" back into the nozzle to prevent oozing). The results are rather underwhelming -- excessive oozing with Flex filament, large gaps in extrusion when stopping and starting again, almost guaranteed clogging when changing plastics and so on.		The last straw that prompted me to return the pen was when on a plastic change the smaller segment of the plastic noodle that was already in the nozzle got melted at the tail end when being pushed by the new plastic noodle I fed from the back of the pen. The result was an unrecoverable clog, as the melted portion ended up being thicker than the nozzle would allow to feed forward and thicker than the opening of the feeding mechanism so it won't feed backwards either. As the extruder in this pen is not customer serviceable (the "service" opening is a joke), the result was a solid plug of plastic which is impossible to remove.		You can say that my expectations were too high, but at the times when you can purchase a decent 3D printer for $300, I expected a little bit more from a $100 3D pen.
1,To complete various projects involving small motors and high output LED modules, I purchased five PWM controllers, including two of this specific module.  There was no documentation, so I was a little bewildered why neither of the two controllers worked at first with any type of load.  It was only until I pried the cover off that the presence of a three-way polarity switch was obvious.  That is normal-off-reverse.  Both switches were set to off?!?!  It is hard to imagine the logic of this design.  The switch isn't easily accessible or even visible with the cover still attached.  The perforations allow for manipulation of this internal switch but considering the potential damage to expensive equipment, it should be more visible with its status obvious.		Having purchased different products from DROK previously, I am growing tired of the lack of documentation. Even the simplest of products has important parameters and feature that an electronics designer should know.
1,Break up easy... don't use on a grinder with an RPM over 200
1,I didn't read all the description carefully, and thought it was an ESR-oriented LCR meter.  This doesn't do LCR functions at all.  It only reads ESR.  It displays a capacitance value, but it's fictional, varying 10s of percentage points for the exact same capacitor measured a few seconds later.  The ESR value is better, but it still doesn't seem particularly consistent to me.  It will differentiate between a "good" electrolytic cap and one that has gone horribly out of spec, due to electrolyte leakage, for example, but it won't tell you reliably if one capacitor has a lower ESR than another, similar capacitor.  It only goes down to about 1uf, so it's not useful for telling me capacitance for something that doesn't already have it marked on the case.  The description might lead one to believe that the leads are socketed.  The socket is at the tip!  If you need to replace the leads when they break, you have to solder the new ones on the board.  They will break, because the strain relief is what amounts to a little bit of heat-shrink tubing.  Granted, most people who need an ESR meter can solder leads to a board, but I still consider it a point against it.  Also, I got about 7 measurements out of it before the battery died.  Yes, it shipped with a dead battery.  It uses an a23, 12V battery.  Not something I have laying around.  Battery replacement involves taking it all apart, and the battery holder, if one could call it that, inspires no confidence at all.  The positive terminal is literally tinned wire wrapped around the edge of a cutout in the board.  The board isn't secured in the case, other than just being pinched by the halves of the case.  When it's set to silent, it still makes a short chirp/click noise.  It's based on a PIC16 microcontroller, and that only serves to reinforce my view that it's pretty much a very expensive version of a kit ESR meter that would normally sell for a few dollars, maybe a few tens of dollars with assembly. One might get the impression from reading all that it's a bad instrument, and it's really not.  It just lacks the kind of measurement accuracy, repeatability, and versatility that I feel an instrument in this price range should have.  It's perfectly servicable as a repair aid to find a bad cap fast, or to tell if a part is going to be broadly compatible with a particular use case.
1,For what this tape costs I expected it to be better than duct tape, in my experience it is not. It is not waterproof as it quickly released when exposed to water and its adhesion was not very good.
1,First of all it isn't a metal filament, but it does look nice for a gray. That's about it. I've unjammed this 3 times so far and the black from the same company is even worse. I'm also getting inconsistent extrusion, but only from this gray and black. I doubt I'll be buying any more 3D Solutech.
1,My package contained compression springs only.	there was no extension or torsion springs as advertised. However it was a nice selection of compression springs.		product not as pictured i was looking for assorted springs shame on you amazon
1,Takes time to dry, wouldnt buy again.
1,I bought this to attempt aiming a cell phone amplifier antenna.  It did not register at all so cheerfully returned it.
1,Does not always dry clear and adhesion is hit or miss. I've used quite a bit of this Loctite Power Grab and had mixed results. So much so that I would not recommend it. It also seems to dry white and not clear most of the time. I have used it on all types of materials and surfaces and can't get specific on which materials is works best on because I've used on the same material more than once and it worked great once but not the next time.
1,Let me start this by saying I use a high volume of filament for my business. Because of this I have tested many different brands of filament to attempt to find "the one" perfect filament. I saw IC3D's filament as a good American made product that I could stand behind. That is, until I got it in the mail		Right off the bat, the filament was sealed in the box, but I noticed inside the wrapping the spool was covered with dust. Dust and a 200+C hotend do not mix. So I took the spool and blew it out with compressed air next to my HEPA filter to keep it from blowing around the room, and decided to give it a shot...		Don't ask me how they achieved this, but when I print with this black there are spots of matte finish, and spots of gloss. I have never in my 3D printing career seen this happen with even the cheapest Chinese filaments. Also the dimensional accuracy is definitely out of spec on both of the rolls I purchased, which makes my Ultimaker 2+ very cranky and constant adjustment of the filament feeder is needed.		So, aside from the jams, the patchy finish, and poor QC, this filament is almost as good as the chinese equivalent, and costs 50% more! What a bargain...needless to say, I will not be purchasing from IC3D again. Use at your own risk
1,I bought this toothpaste thinking it would be safer for me and my kids. Nowhere in the description does it give any indication that it might be unsafe. I ordered 7 tubes. They arrived and I read the label. Contains trace amounts of lead, not recommended for children or pregnant women. Since I am pregnant, this product is absolutley useless for my family. A little heads up would have been nice!
1,Just got around to using this. Conditioned it as per instructions, then calibrated, using 7, 10 and 4 solutions, per instructions, then put it away in storage solution, per instructions. Today I brought it out to test the pH of some whey...... after rinsing the tip in distilled water, the unit gave me a reading of 6.8 (the whey should be at most 6.2 at this point). Thinking maybe the whey was the problem, I rinsed again in distilled water, then tested the whey again.... 6.8.  OK, rinse, and this time test the distilled water..... 7.5?  What about our filtered water?  7.9? Tap water... 8.5?		Something's got to be screwy here.... so I rinsed again, then tried the 7.0 calibration solution, which read at 7.2. After recalibration, I tried the whey again, and got 6.8. Distilled water 7.5. Filtered water 7.9. Tap water 8.5. I am now verging on throwing this thing through the window....		Seriously, thing MUST be defective. I wish I still had the packaging so I could return it.
1,Several did not close properly. I had to bend them so they would line up. Took over 4 weeks to get them!!
1,I have had a terrible experience which I believe is connected to Crest Pro-Health Clinical Rinse and Crest Pro-Health Clinical Toothpaste.		I was using another rinse and decided to try Crest Pro-Health Clinical Rinse.  The taste is horrible (you feel like you're rinsing your mouth with Windex) and your mouth will burn afterwards but I thought if it works, it's worth it.  Then I started to develop brown stains on the edges of my teeth.  I'm getting older so I attributed this to age.  The dentist was not overly concerned and he was able to get the stains off in my normal teeth cleaning, but a few weeks after the cleaning, back came the stains.		Worried about the stains, I decided to step up my game and try Crest Pro-Health Clinical toothpaste.  THEN I started to develop serious gum irritation and tooth pain.  My gums are raw, I feel like my gums are receding, and my teeth often hurt so much I have to take pain medication.  I'm miserable.		Worried about my symptoms, I looked on the internet and found that Crest Pro-Health Clinical products were the culprit!		Procter & Gamble fully acknowledges that the rinse WILL cause the brown staining, although this warning is nowhere on the bottle.  I'm not sure why a company would think it's OK for an oral rinse to stain teeth!  And that's just one side affect - there are more and much more serious than staining.  I think I got off easy.		And then the internet is flooded with reports of the toothpaste causing serious gum irritation and teeth pain.  I don't think this gum irritation is temporary, I think I've permanently damaged my gums.		I have two new bottles of the rinse and two new tubes of the paste that are going into the trash.		These are awful, awful products.  Research them, and you'll see.
1,When it prints its nice but its so ridiculously inconsistent that it keeps jamming my printer... its driving me nuts so chances are I won't even get half way though the spool...
1,I bought a hundred of the male and female connectors. These things are terrible. The metal is way to thin and will not grip heavy copper like 10 to 12 gauge as it's meant to. Tried three crimps, none worked. Do not use for heavy wire. Poor poor quality. I can't return mine because I live in another country.
1,I'll say that yeah, this tape does work but there are for sure much better tapes out there.  This tape is not the clearest tape and is definitely thinner than average.  It does come off the roll easily enough, but look out for static cling because this tape is so light it will double back on itself if you aren't careful.  Also note that when using a tape gun, this tape will have a lot of extra small little pieces coming off from the teeth on the gun.		Overall this is not the worst tape I've ever used, but I won't be ordering any more of this particular brand.
1,MY BAD, i ordered the wrong part.. 1/4" is not a standard.. know the size..	For me it was refrigerator water line.. different completely
1,Dont waste you money ...and poorly package	you pay cheap ..you get nasty..	Will we ever learn ..of course not
1,I've had one for about a year.  Trusted it completely.		Liked it so much - especially the 24 hour hi/low function, I bought 3 more for my new greenhouse.		Can't trust any of them.		You be the judge - see the photos.
1,Love the numbers - but the nails? Why in the world would you provide non-galvanized nails to hang them with? The nails are coated with black paint that chips as you nail the numbers in place, which then leads to rusting.
1,quanity received was correct but they arrived in a bubble pouch not protection for the pins can use then with a little pin straightening
1,I wanted to use this magnet sheet to store spice tins on my cabinet door. See the photo for Two problems were experienced.		1. The magnetic strength varied all over the sheet. Some of the tins stuck well, and others did not and fell off, even when closing the door slowly.		2. The sheet started peeling away from the cabinet. I prepped it by cleaning it so there was no waxy coating, and it still peeled.
1,i recently ordered this online thinking it would help me cure my gingivitis, well 4 days of using this 2 times a day i am now starting to think other wise...		Because instead of my gums turning pink they turn a dark red after each brush and remain that way for an hour, then return to normal light red color.		This toothpaste is not for every one be cautious of GSE liquid concentrate..		if you are going to use it as a mouth wash, PLEASE DONT it will destroy your gum tissue
1,The delivered Item was not as described.	The seller promised a product Provided at the  Image as:	Dual Scale Borosilicate Beaker, 250ml	Brand: Lab Zap	Labeled Borosilicate, 250 ml and market up to 250ml.	The delivered Item is different:	Brand: BOMEX	Labeled 250ml, but market up to 200ml	Not labeled as Borosilicate.	Borosilicate glass is manufactured from two main components, silica and boron oxide.  The mixture of these two components create glass that is resistant to thermal shock due to the very low coefficient of thermal expansion.  Borosilicate glass can withstand severe temperature changes without breaking.  It also has a high resistance to chemicals.	Pyrex marketed by Corning Glass has become a synonym for borosilicate glass.  Kimble also sells its own line of Kimax brand borosilicate glass products.	Brand: Zap Lab  borosilicate Beaker is labeled as Borosilicate. This beaker is made from quality borosilicate glass. As an import, it is less expensive than Corning-made Pyrex. We have noticed variation of wall thickness and make a suggestive comment that Pyrex uniformity might be preferable if using higher heat.	This is the Beaker the seller listed, but delivered a totally different one.	Brand: BOMEX doesn't Label Borosilicate, and we do not know for sure what material it is.
1,Very fragile, thin walled, packed poorly. Don't buy these. Half of them were broken when they arrived, three more broke on first use. Save your money. Buy some other product
1,Filament has terrible thermal qualities. Extremely poor layer adhesion. Most prints WILL experience some level of layer splitting, regardless of nozzle diameter to layer height ratio. Printed with a Lulzbot TAZ 6 with many different settings/temperatures. I have had no problem with any other ABS 3mm filaments but every spool from Gizmo Dorks has been horrendous. Will not buy again from this vendor.
1,I'm really disappointed in this.  I am new to 3d printing but have gone through a full spool of red and am now using white with no problems.  I tried many different settings to get the black to work but it kept curling, warping and delaminating.  I wasted over a half of a spool assuming that it was user error before I switched back to white and everything prints great over a wide range of settings.  It's hard to explain since no one else seems to be having this problem, based on the many reviews.  It works to print in another color and spray paint it with SEM (automotive) black trim paint, but that is inconvenient.  I'll try another brand.  I'm using a Hic-Top Prusa i3 printer from a kit.
1,Simply put, this isn't well made. The plastic case comes with a hole in the top, and one on the side so you can choose where to mount the eye bolt, but the gap you have to weasel the nut into is too narrow to fit a socket into, and too wide to lock the sides of the nut, so you can't really tighten the nut all that well.		The magent, well like many other reviewers have posted 100lb rating is pure bunk. 25lb pull at best. Their rating is false advertising at best.		It will do one of the tasks I bought it for just fine. Picking up screws and nails off of my wood shop floor. But beyond that, it is a waste of money. Albeit not all that much money.
1,I received this scanner today just in time to hang some shelves for my wife. In short, this does not work at all. Not at all. Thinking the problem was me, I reread the directions twice including the troubleshooting section. Then I set up an experiment. I put blue tape on the wall marking location and item this "radar" scanner found. I did three separate scans of the wall following horizontal routes at least two feet away from each other. Not once did any of the wooden studs it found line up. The worst scan had three studs about 4 inches apart and then a gap of about 4 feet where it found nothing was behind the wall. I then took my cheap stud finder and it found that none of the studs the radar device found matched what the stud finder did. A couple of test holes and a tape measure proved the stud finder was spot on and the radar scanner was completely wrong every time. This is a wall with nothing in it but wooden studs. Unfortunately it showed all kinds of stuff in there. Maybe it's confusing sheetrock screws with metal? Maybe the pine studs are not detectable depending on their density? I don't know. I do know, however, that this device was a complete failure and is not ready to be sold.		At first I thought my device was at fault. Then I read it seems everyone who purchased one of these is having the same difficulty. All my other portable tools are Dewalt and I'm generally very loyal to the brand. I owned one drill for 12 years that just broke last month. So I've always been impressed with their reliability. But I'm confused why something like this was ever manufactured.
1,Product does not contain any statements about being lead free.  In comparison, check valves carried by Lowe's or Home Depot - they print their lead free statements right on the handle.
1,I don't see how people are using this, to be honest. It's WAY too brittle! I have a Dremel 3D20 and I can't even get it to feed without breaking off.		I attempted to start a print, but it wouldn't stick to my print bed (using new Dremel sheet). It's probably a good thing it didn't start, because it broke about 20 seconds in.		I tried 2 spools and got the same results with each (so brittle it just keeps breaking). I wanted to like this stuff, but I just can't get it stop breaking.
1,On first inspection, the cover that protects the AC power input and output terminals could not open due to interference with the housing. This made it impossible to attach power leads to controller.  Unable to repair so I took the cover off.  When I attached to the controller to the motor and power input it did not allow speed control.  The motor went from full stop to full speed as the knob was turned.  I hope to ret;urn for credit.
1,unable to use. I strongly suggested "do not buy unless you know what you are buying"
1,I ordered this item along with probably a dozen or so other items about a month before our move. When 'Big Move Day' arrived and we encountered our first heavy item, we remembered that we had the lifting straps. So here we are in 90 degree weather, sun beating down on us, and I pull the bag out and open it up that contains these straps. All that was in the bag was the straps.. no instruction sheet.. not even a picture of what the straps look like in-use. After looking at the straps, in the heat (literally) of the moment, we tossed the straps aside as it was too much trouble to pull out a computer to look at a picture that might explain how to use the straps.		By the time I did get to a computer to look at a picture of the straps in-use.. I had already moved many of our large items using a combination of a dolly, furniture dolly (square tray with caster wheels), and ratcheting straps. It appears that the straps have to be sized to the item that you are lifting and the height of each person. So there appears to be quite a bit of "setup" just to get to the point of being able to use the straps on an item. In the meantime, I could have just lifted the furniture onto a furniture dolly and rolled the item out of the house into the moving truck.		As far as items to make your move more convenient go, this item is not it.
1,Not silicone coated as the picture shows.
1,My first print with this filament was great.  The next print failed because several of the layers were under-extruded and the part split at those points.  I got out my micrometer and the diameter was all over the map -- from 1.71 mm to 1.97 mm on random samples. I can't use this stuff.  Looking at the mostly positive reviews, I guess I got a bad roll.
1,These paper towels feel like 1 ply.  They do not even compare to Bounty.  And of course these are the same price as the larger, thicker paper towels I purchased on Amazon for 8 years. I would much rather pay a little more for the better quality towels.  I  am just plain sick and tired of the lower quality merchandise that has swept through our country in the past decade.  These are a waste of time and money and I am very disappointed. I will never purchase these again.
1,I already own two utility carts - both two shelf models - and I was hoping this three shelf model was going to be a welcome addition to my workshop.  Wow, was I wrong.  After briefly attempting to assemble this Luxor cart, and encountering what I thought was a poorly manufactured cart due to poor part quality and fit tolerances, I then went back and read some of the reviews to see if anyone else had the issues I did. I found one reviewer touched on the lack of sturdiness of the shelves and the build quality - but nobody touched on the fact that the leg posts do not fit into the shelf posts!!!  Huh?  Did they change the design of the parts recently?  DId I get a lemon?  How could I be one of the very few to encounter this?		First, a little about the two carts I already own - one is a WEN model, two shelf cart and one is a Husky cart, which is also a two shelf model.  These both were purchased from Home Depot - the WEN for $69 on sale (normally $99) and the Husky for $89.  The WEN cart looks exactly like the Harbor Freight $99 cart - and after further inspection I found out it is... although it is not a bad cart - I like it better than the HD Husky cart.  The main thing I do not like about the two Home Depot carts - only two swivel casters and NO locking casters - which is a pain in the rear on my sloped patio as I constantly battle the loaded cart toodling down the slope....		So you can see from the two carts I already own that my expectations were not through the roof - the two carts I own are sub-$100 carts, and I look for something that is built sturdy that does not carry a high price tag.  It is not like I was comparing this cart to $500 carts that are made of stainless steel - I weighing my inputs against two HD carts that I got for $69 and $89 respectively, and carts made of plastic.  Keep that in mind when reading here - this is NOT my first cart, and my expectations were NOT too high.  Also, this review is only my opinion, others may beg to differ, and I respect that.		Now, back to this Luxor cart.  Upon opening the box, the first thing that struck me was the "thinness" of the shelves.  Compared to the two other less expensive carts I own, the shelves are a lot thinner, and flexed with the slightest side pressure.  OK... I initially did not fret.  I was still looking forward to the fact I had four swivel casters, two that locked.  Well, I never got that far.  When I turned the first shelf over to install the posts, I was horrified first at the thin leg post material, and the cheapness of the plastic used.  They are square / channel designed legs, but made of VERY thin plastic, and very brittle plastic in addition - in my opinion.  But that was not the worst part - what was the real head scratcher was THEY DID NOT FIT INTO THE SHELF posts. I played with three or four of the legs posts on three or four different shelf posts, to no avail.  To make the leg posts fit, I would have had to file down the shelf post part... or force them on with a mallet, which would damage the receiving part of the shelf, and gouge out the plastic.  I refused to do that 16 times for the 8 shelf posts!!!!  They should fit, and if there was a concern about them being too loose, they should have designed them with a screw, or nut and bolt system!! If I attempted to force the legs on, it would peel back pieces of the shelf post, and I did not want to go any further.		Note that this cart is designed with ZERO screws, bolts, nuts, etc.  NONE.  On one hand some might like that, but with this cart and the way it turned out, even if I did want to keep this cart, that was a minus.  Given the cheapness of the plastic used on the leg posts, there could be nothing but problems down the road.  The thinness of the leg posts, and the cheapness of the plastic simply does not add up to making a press fit design.  This cart is simply NOT made to last.		At this point, I have described enough to paint the picture of my thoughts on this cart.  I never went past Step 3 on assembly.  I will stick with carts that are designed with thicker / beefier / sturdier parts, and ones that employ screw, nut and bolt hardware to hold it together.  I cannot believe this cart was more expensive than the two I already own...		As a side note, when I went back to HomeDepot.com, I noticed a three shelf cart under the label "H Wilson" that was the EXACT same cart as this one - the picture was the exact stock picture, with the same specs.  HomeDepot wanted $129 for this same cart... so obviously this cart is made in one factory, then marketed by more than one brand / company with different labels.  Says a lot to me.  I know that most carts are mass produced these days, but I will stick with the ones that are better built for my needs.		The pictures, description and reviews fooled me on this cart - what I thought I was getting and what I got did not match in quality in the end.  I am shocked at all the positive reviews for this cart... but again everyone's needs are different, YMMV, and I respect your assessment of this cart could be different.  Please return that sentiment....		Thanks for reading.		EDIT:  I did not mention this in my review above, but I did return this cart, and labeled it as "defective" since I could not get the leg posts to mate with the shelf standards without damaging the part or doing some major filing / modification.		EDIT 2:::  After reading other reviews - some that say how easy this cart assembled - I have to assume that the company changed the design of the cart, as the one I received did not go together easy at all - not even close.  I am a woodworker, an engineer and work with my hands all the time.  What follows is not a review written by someone who rarely assembles things, quite the contrary.  But I had to write the review for the product I received, and call it honestly.  I know some may not like that, but it is what it is...		... if the company has since addressed this design / assemble issue, then that is a good thing.  And if my review had anything thing to do with that, then that is also a good thing.  But if the reviews written before mine that state how easy this cart assembles are true, then the only conclusion I can come up with is a design change somewhere along the way.		END EDIT:::
1,Product quality reflects country of origin. Biggest issue is the cheap rivet that connects the ground strap to the grounding plug. One of three had to be replaced with a small screw and nut. Be sure to ground the box and fixture if using these.
1,The finish looks more like cheap chrome than stainless.  More so since I am adding a cabinet door to the existing stainless hinges.  This hinge is also built so poorly so that when it is half open, the barrels pull away from opposite members and bind the opening action.  Since I never used piano hinges that bind like this, I am not sure what will happen once this is screwed into the door and the cabinet.  Probably same bind or maybe even worse, since the flat parts can't adjust.
1,Excessive difficulty in assembling - some parts simply wouldn't snap together until near breakage point.  I had to go into "Zen mode" and become one with the vacuum cleaner before I could get it fully assembled.  Emptying the dirt cup and cleaning the filter was easy, however putting the dirt cup back onto the vacuum cleaner was a real pain in the you-know-what.  I tried my best to follow the directions which say to align it up and then press down.  I kept wrestling with it for at least 10 minutes and still it would NOT snap down.  Finally I hooked the back latch over the it's notch, and then using it as a hinge I was able to get the front snapped.  Voila.  (I'm writing this in as a note to myself in case I forget the trick to it).		However, once you get through the "parts" part, it does a good job of vacuuming. (See UPDATE at bottom of review) It has a very powerful motor.  With various selections for the type of carpet, including bare floor, I chose the one for short carpet and I could definitely feel a strong pull from the vacuum cleaner.  It also did a great job on the bare floor in the hallway.		Having no bags to buy is nice but the filter gets real dirty real fast.  I will probably remove the filter every time I empty the dirt cup and use the included brush to clean it with.  It says you can wash the filter but I haven't done that yet.  The hose attachment is nice and pliable and the suction is very good through it.  I used it to vacuum the stairs up to the second level of our home.  Since the cord on the vacuum cleaner is very long, I didn't have to unplug it to find a closer socket as I approached the top of the stairs.  It stayed plugged in the bottom electrical socket.  I had to bring the vacuum cleaner up with me as I went higher and higher up the stairs and it stayed well balanced on the step or two below the one I was vacuuming.  My other upright vacuum cleaners want to lean forward and fall down the steps.  This one stayed in place.		I don't know how long the motor will last.  My other two vacuums are at least 20 years old each and still running good but they don't suck as strongly as the Eureka.  It's a heavy vacuum so I will probably keep it downstairs and use the others for the upstairs.		Overall, it's good, but I sure didn't like the assembly or trying to place the dirt cup back on.  I hope that after more experience with it I will be able to snap it back on quickly.  I certainly hope so because it seems to fill up quickly.  It comes with lots of attachments to get to those cracks and crevices.  I will have to be sure and empty the dirt cup before attacking our sofas.		UPDATE:  11.5.12	___________________	O.K. I've had this thing for a while now and I'm NOT nearly as impressed now with it as I was when I first wrote this review.  It no longer picks up trash from our short carpet (yes, it's at the correct height setting) and drops as much trash as it picks up.  I empty the dust cup frequently since it fills up so fast but now it's hardly picking up any carpet dirt.  One of our dogs chewed up a bathroom rug and there were 1 inch strings from the rug on our carpet.  It would not suck any of them up but instead they all got wadded together in a ball and the vacuum started bouncing.  Honestly, I can't recommend buying this thing.  I have lowered my original star rating from a 4 to a 2 star review.
1,Very lightly rolled. Looks like a lot of wrapping, but doesn't last long.
1,The product I received was only 3/4" wide not the 2" wide in the description.  The label on the tape said it was 2' wide but it only measured 3/4".
1,came with missing sliders, broken pieces although box not damaged, looks really cheap. Ok for a kids room. Not durable enough for tools, flimsy. Wish I'd bought the metal version for $10 more. I would not buy this again or recommend it.
1,On my first run, it clogged my nozzles on the Flashforge Creator. I thought it was my printer so I cleaned and replaced with brand new nozzles and extruder gears. After cleaning and replacing the parts, i ran my black ABS and white PLA from another manufacturer, perfect. Then I swapped it to this silver PLA and clogged immediately! When I replace materials, I load the current filament to push the remainder out, then unload. EVERY TIME. This method has always kept my nozzles clog free.		This silver breaks easily and clogs almost immediately upon a start of a print. Once it clogs, i have to remove the fan and open up the extruder housing to remove the broken/clogged chunk of silver. I never got a single print out of this roll! Waste of money.
1,These shredded really quickly for "Heavy Duty". If I wouldn't have bought them direct from Amazon I would have thought they were fake. I know how to use a grinder, and these were used on a thin gauge of steel to just do some trimming. I barely finished maybe one minute worth of work before it ripped apart. Second one, same story. I'd suggest trying one before you get a whole pack like I did. Maybe I just got a bad batch.  I did note the production date as a user mentioned, and it was fresh inventory.
1,Not a fan. I would check other brands.
1,Super thin, this stuff is not very good.  I don't normally write bad reviews but I would not buy this stuff again.
1,I was really disappointed in this tape. I expected better from Scotch. It is thin and it does not stick well. I will not buy this again.
1,1. Poor finish. Paint kept flaking off.	2. Poor welded joints.	3. Rust found. There was NOT a protective coating of oil to prevent surface rust like stated in the description.	4. The vice jaws were painted and 2 or the Philips screws were stripped out.	5. The metal handle is made of Soft Steel and is damaged easily.		This is one of the worst vice I've had the displeasure of buying. No matter what we did it just got worse.	There was almost no grease on the threads anywhere, and like I said earlier 2 of the Jaw screws were already	stripped out and we could not get them out even after drilling and using a screw extractor. They were frozen in	place due to Rust and paint.		One of the Jaws came off fine but I did find Rust underneath and on the threads. I was told by support at TEKTON that the	jaws are not meant to be repeatedly taking off.  Well I could NOT even get them off in the first place so I don't see how that was	even relevant. The ONLY and I mean ONLY reason I am giving this vice 1 Star is there is no option for ZERO. TEKTON your	custom service was unprofessional at best and this Vice made in Taiwan is JUNK!		While I'll still buy products from TEKTON  I won't be buying a Vice from them.	Returned for Refund.
1,I have been using HATCHBOX exclusively ever since I got a 3D printer but lately I have been encountering an issue on several of their filament spools. After about half of the spool has been used, there is sometimes a point where the leading filament is looped under the rest of the spool creating a tangle. This has caused failed prints because the filament is no longer feeding through the extruder. This is especially frustrating when I set up a print before I head into work and come home to find the print head moving around in the air because it stopped feeding quite some time ago. This has also created jams in the extruder and it wastes my time having to clear a jam.		However, when it doesn't have this problem, I am real happy with the results. I have given away prints as gifts and made things which I use day to day.		*This review left on HATCHBOX spools where I encountered this issue.
1,We have had our Ghost investigation group now going on 30+ years, my specialty in the group is equipment & new equipment reviews & do they work or not, well this one is just about the only piece of equipment, we've ever purchased that never registered the presence of a spirit in any known haunted location where we had verified with other equipment that something was there, it just never worked, it's great in detecting your microwave or power lines or something, but to top it off, you have to plug into it and use the long wire with the sensor on the end, so it's inconvenient to carry, & none of our members ever wanted to fool with it, get a ghost meter or K-2 meter or any other cheap EMF Meter that works, but not this one, I even modified it by adding a long antenna to the sensor to give it more range, still nothing.
1,Part B Resin Hardener separated -- has dark streaks through it.  When mixed with Part A, the combined product is a sticky semi-liquid semi-solid -- does not form into a nice workable solid.
1,Stopped working after 3 uses.  I should have spent the money on a better unit instead of going cheap..
1,A word of caution, I bought the package of these and used 3 of them in an application where I needed to solder, in all 3 cases they malfunctioned immediately..Funny thing is when I just twisted the wire on to the POT's legs then used heat shrink tubing, they worked fine.	So I have a hunch that the internal wiper is a lighter plastic and cannot withstand the heat from soldering, so IF you do not solder the legs on the POT your OK, otherwise it's a gamble..
1,I got a Lemon that didn't work also I pretty sure it was used because one of the packets of calabration chemicals had been torn opened and used had so much white gunk on it like to never got the black cover off of the unit.
1,I have a number of these with the trash cans, in different colors. The lids do not securely attach to the trash cans and the raccoons bite through these very easily.
1,preasre buttons on all cans do not firmly attach.  not happy
1,Did not work on stainless steal, even with a smaller hole already drilled out.
1,This seemed great on paper, but I was really disappointed in the performance, particularly of the wet vac, which left a ton of slop behind even on little jobs. The dry vac was adequate but not umpressive, below what I'm used to from other shop vacs.		The pros: The tube is very nice and sturdy; and the design, with an on-board storage bucket that holds the attachments, is very handy in theory (though in practice, a bit awkward to move--it's too small and low to the ground to conveniently push, and, though lightweight enough to carry, awkwardly shaped with the long tools in place--they jut out sideways when you lift the unit by the handle--so it's tough to negotiate doorways or narrow jalls without knocking tools loose).		My reference points are a large but cheap 10-yr-old shop vac that's whatever the cheap brand Lowes carries, a wee Dewalt, which has great suction but is too small to be practical in most cases. I was hoping it would replace the Dewalt for smaller jobs (it's not as tiny as the dewalt--and with the added perk of a blower, which might be nice), but no luck. We also have an ancient commercial wet/dry vac that's sloppy but pulls a lot if water in big jobs, so between that and the big shop vac, I only needed it to fill a pretty modest niche.
1,Having used a few FLIR devices, this product is woefully inadequate and lags.  Any moving objects are not picked up in real time, or in time at all.  Disappointing.
1,I have an 8 node TENS machine and have been trying to find a reasonably priced replacement for the electrodes.  These are not them. Out of the first 8 that I put on, HALF OF THEM "bit" into my skin, shocking through the pad and drawing blood even on the lowest setting. These have so far been the worst.  The only reason for one star is because the adhesive did not cause a reaction on my skin.
1,This is the bearing.	https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01731LGGU/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o04_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1		Not sure if it's the rod or the bearings. I wish they were just sold together.
1,This is NOT a 72MHz bandwidth scope. It is rated at 72Msps or 72 mega samples per second, but it is really two 36Msps ADC channels. That is shared between the active channels, so if you have all four channels running, it is down to only 18Msps.		I gave this only 1 star because it is NOT a "72MHz analog bandwidth" scope. As a 4.4MHz scope, I would give it 4 stars. I'd leave off the last star because of the rotten documentation, nonstandard connectors, crappy sine wave on the built-in function generator, and difficulty in figuring out how to update the firmware.		An analog signal like a sine wave requires -at- -least- 8 samples per cycle, which puts this at about 4.5MHz with all four channels going.		This is born out by the antialiasing filters on U17 and U18 on the two analog channels which have a -3dB cutoff of about 4.4MHz. That goes for -everyone's- DSO203.		It is important to know that channels 3 and 4 are digital only. I think they accept CMOS 5V logic levels. In addition, the wrong TVS protection diodes sourced for the two digital channels, limiting the bandwidth on them to about 1MHz max. For reasonable accuracy on a digital signal, that means they are only useful to about 100kHz. This is only on channels 3 and 4.		The documentation is on SainSmart's website and is pretty good. You'll need an unpacker that supports RAR files.		As a really small ~4MHz portable oscilloscope, this is not completely horrible. It has a built-in signal generator (10Hz to 8MHz) and it can fit in your laptop bag or in a briefcase. This is an open source design, so there are a lot of custom updates to the firmware out there. The internal function generator is used to adjust x10 probe compensation, the capacitors are under the battery. You'll need a stable adjustable voltage reference source with a decent DMM to do the "self" calibration, up to 60V.		Unfortunately, the signal generator is really only useful for the roughest of purposes. The square wave is fine if you need it for 3.3V circuits, as it is only 3V. The sine, sawtooth, and triangle waves are horrible. They have 15 very visible, large steps, clearly only 4 bits of information. In addition, there is no level control.		This uses something called an MCX connector. It is a small push-in connector that relies on the springiness of the metal to hold it in place. A bad thing for something like a scope probe that is going to get moved around a lot. I had problems with intermittent connections. Wouldn't it have been better to use a more readily available, more reliable connector like an SMA? Small enough not to increase the size of the scope, but it screws on so it is nice and secure.		For $100 more, you can get a Hantek DSO5072P and have true 70MHz bandwidth with 1Gsps and easier to find BNC probes. It is quite a bit larger which means a nice 7" screen, but not so portable.		I don't trust SainSmart to know proper ESD procedures, due to past experiences and emailed conversations. So if they are buying this ready-made and slapping their name on it, probably not a problem, but if they actually build it, good luck.
1,It quality is poor. The instructions are ok, I know someone had issues with them but if you used product before you be right. the carry case is VERRRY good, one of the better one in this range of test equipment. But the quality of tester is less than other I have used.
1,Warning they list this as PLA but they send PLA+ which DOES NOT print the same as PLA and I have nothing but failures so far with it, even after trying to adjust the heats to compensate for it.  Strings galore even with retraction set in small steps all the way up to 4.5 with more strings then a guitar per level.		 The color is dull, it is almost a dark grey it is so dull of a shade, my spool of 3dSoultech black which is actual PLA prints perfect with no strings and is a bright and shiny black.
1,No holding power. The swivel wouldn't hold for anything. And I broke the base while hammering on the anvil
1,Poor quality don't buy contacted them for help they never did anything to help They even closed my case this item will cost you money to use manufacture will not help do not buy you will only have misery with no help don't buy
1,Tried this on a Printrbot Go V2 and a (feed path modified) Replicator 2....didn't work for either one. I have seen it work on a direct drive rep-rap. I can't recommend this due to it being so soft it will have feed problems in most bots.
1,The pins are not just stiff, many of the holes do not even accept a lead of any sort, chip pin or header.		If it just required some wiggling I'd be OK with that because of the price, but it really doesn't have 170 tie points. It has 170 holes in the plastic outer case, and maybe 100 usable tie points randomly distributed, with many whole rows totally unusable.
1,thin and soft steel rim, curved on first use AND CAME APART OF RUBBER TIRE !
1,Seems like a good product- threading is correct and it sealed well, but it doesn't actually act as a check valve. When I received it, I tested it just by blowing through it and you can blow air through both directions. I tried cleaning it which still didn't help. I installed it anyway thinking maybe it will seal low pressure water better than air, but unfortunately it didn't function as I expected.
1,Coating works, but they really need to change the packaging - I had some left over and tried to be sure that the can was re-sealed, but the stuff ended up hard and unusable anyway.
1,Our experience has not been good. a number of parts has failed. You can not buy parts for these printers. My son needs parts and it is just setting here due not able to get parts. He needs LCD+Ribbon+Cable and new belt and a new head. the door has broke also. He also needs new wiring too. He had this printer  only a year old. To me how can they sell these printers without sell parts one needs for repairs. We have looked everywhere for parts. If anyone know where one can get parts email me at laura.merc@verizon.net. He just told me that his printer is	XYZprinting da Vinci 2.0A Duo 3D Printer, Blue ...
1,Why Bother With Reviews, Amazon deletes the truth when it hurts.
1,leaks!
1,I used this on a few tool handles and also to mend some broken wires (apple charging cables and stuff) a couple months ago.		Stored it in a cool dark closet.		Went back to use it again just now and it's all dried up.		If you don't expect to use the whole can within the first couple days of opening it, you may want to get the spray-on stuff instead.
1,I can't give a good rating because I can call the switches because when you push it it doesn't click on or off it just pushes Mr. Tyler
1,flimsy
1,.......and it emanates an odor that is unbearable as well as unwashable.
1,I bought this a few months ago, and already doesn't work. The seller, Chaney Instruments, should refund my money. I never dropped it or mishandled it. It is only 2 months hold, yet it doesn't work any longer. The numbers on it or all distorted. Even when it did work, it didn't make sense. It would show my lowest temperature recorded inside my place at 72 degrees F, yet when looking at my current temp, it showed 68. Go figure.
1,I have used this brand for years, but this time when I ordered two CLEAR, I recieved two WHITE, it says clear on the tube but they are very white. very disappointing, I am using it to glaze cabinet glass, white will not work.
1,Cheap price, cheap grommets.  Most of the grommets are not correct dimensions listed as per digital calipers and my drill bits.  Either slightly large or slightly small, with 1/8 inch bit increments.  Ridiculous.  Also, the inside of the grommets are not the same size on both sides of the grommet; it has a taper.  On one side it seals up tight, the other side it has a gap all the way around the material it encompasses.  The grommet holes are not smooth; they are covered in pieces of rubber like a dull drill bit was spinning in it.  Have to use a razor knife to clean them off.		Overall, these will work if you don't need quality grommets or ones that seal up tightly.  It is somewhat my fault for ordering budge grommets and expecting decent quality, but wow, these things weren't manufactured correctly don't fit right.  2 stars instead of 1 because they are indeed rubber grommets and they would work fine for school projects or similar.
1,Not worth buying.  Didn't work with my computer and didn't want to go through hassel to return.  I might not even know where it is now since it never worked!  HAHA Pretty bad that it is bad enough that I misplaced it since i never used it.  I don't think I would purchase it for even a gag gift exchange!  I gave it a 2 start simply for the innovative idea!
1,First one broke within a week. Replacement was DoA.		I'm upset.
1,I am glad these were cheap, but I guess I got what I paid for. Out of the five of these included in my order, a grand total of ZERO worked. They all failed to report back any range data, and to be honest, I am not certain they were sending out the ping.		I tried several methods of coding them, pulled known working code, and even made it as simple as possible, just trying to get a ping/echo value to be reported to the serial console. Nothing, not on any of them, not when I tried different Arduino pins and different jumpers. I know the code was working because I could artificially generate a signal on the 'echo' pin and get a value, but as soon as any of these were attached, zero, nada and nothing.		I have since gone and ordered, coded and integrated a higher-quality Maxbotix Ultrasonic Rangefinder - HRLV-EZ1. Now, my project is up and running. Too bad I had to go through the time, effort and yes, a little cash with these pieces of junk.
1,these things are tiny! good luck if you're steeping more than a half pound of grains
1,Don't use this for gas. I purchased it to make gas can gaskets and it swells up when exposed to gas.
1,I bought these because it had good reviews, I must had gotten a bad pair because mine are dull, I wouldn't trust them to cut paper much less anything on my body, I am very disappointed and will be looking for a different pair.
1,The Eureka Rapid Clean was fairly easy to put together. The product feels extremely lightweight in a kind of cheap way. The vacuum portion (which clicks off to a handheld) seems to be something like a Dirt Buster. The vacuum comes with a slight charge but I wanted to test it fully charged. I was surprised at the charge time required - around 17 hours but thought that perhaps it had to do with a much longer lasting use period. Unfortunately, this was not the case. It certainly took the 17 hours to charge but the suction degraded at around ten minutes. It was fairly useless after twenty minutes and dead after twenty-five. It will take another 17 hours to re-charge. Frankly, this is unacceptable charge versus use time. I couldn't vacuum my ground floor in twenty minutes let alone both stories of my house.		The vacuum advertises itself for bare and carpeted floors. It has a beater brush but has no way to stop the brush from rotating. Because of that, I would never suggest using it on hardwood. It would beat the wood and perhaps scratch it or worse. My other vacuums all have a switch to stop the rotating of the brush. The RapidClean did an okay job of picking up dust and so worth from a low pile carpet as long as I was pushing it with the grain of the carpet. The moment I tried to switch directions, it became difficult to push and buckled the head up. I had to walk around to find the direction I needed to push or it would not work properly.		I tried to vacuum my tile floors but found that it was not picking up things at all - probably due to the degraded suction as time went on. I have short hair cats and it was unable to pick up their hair or their litter very well. The receptacle filled very quickly due to its small size. When I went to empty it, what litter had been picked up fell back through the stick onto my hardwood floor. It wasn't being held in the receptacle but was somehow in the stick. I had to get out another vacuum to clean up the mess that the Eureka made.		I have recently used a Rowenta RH8548U1 Delta Force 18V Cordless Bagless which I really like. It is twice as expensive but works well on carpets, tile, and wood floors. It has a 40 minutes battery life and takes much less time to re-charge. If it is in your budget, that is the cordless that I would recommend.		I don't recommend the Eureka RapidClean 2-1. It has a short battery life, long re-charge cycle, not really useable for hardwood floors, questionable suction, and extremely low capacity dust cup (it really is about a cup!) There are better and cheaper corded vacuums and for a bit more money, there are much better cordless ones.
1,It might cut soap or balsawood, but it didn't make a dent in soft pine. I don't think these were tungsten carbide, looked more like streight silver steel.
1,These are absolute junk. The plastic they are made out of is way too soft and pliable. I have gone through several of these in the last few years on my stock tank (I use it to supply water to my pigs). The cost is also ridiculous.		For half the price you can get:		Item number TF125P-E	Body and Nut Polypropylene	Washer EPDM	Internal sealing washer Polyethylene	Color Black	Thread 1-1/4" FPT	Hole dimensions 2-1/4"		Now, with the above, you will have to ream the hole a bit. Takes about 10 minutes with a spade type drill bit, or a couple of seconds with the right size forstner bit. On the inside of the tank, you will have to use the drill bit to remove a very small amount of plastic from the support ribs on either side of the hole. The plastic used for the one I listed is like PVC. It is hard and tough. The nut also threads on much deeper and has a much better grip on the bulkhead "passthrough" portion of the fitting. Buy the alternative and save yourself a bunch of money over the long run.
1,Ok
1,Tried to repair a plastic hinge, but this would not hold to the plastic.  Tried multiple times and waited 48 hours the second time to cure.
1,The filament spool is wound terribly to the point of unusable(constant tangles causing failed prints .  I won't buy from them again.
1,Not very reflective. you cant even see it at night next to the yellow or red until you are right on top of it. I would not buy this again.
1,It pains me to write this as black magic 3d has given me some really cool plastic in the past. but this last spool I just got into it and it's not the same color as the last spool of it I got. more over it's not as responsive to black light. overall the quality is just worse. it seems brittle and prints kinda spotty at times. I'm sure they just didn't properly clean out some black pla or something from their spooler before hand but because I ordered it so long ago and just now opened it i'm unable to return or exchange it now. so I guess i'm stuck with cosmic bleh. in the picture you can tell they are pretty different. ironically because I had such a strong light on them the one that is no good actually looked lighter but it prints with more of a blackish brownish hue then the other spool did.
1,Junk- Hard Brittle plastic tape that don't stick .  You wrap it around a wire and the end doesn't stick- it peels off.  Junk
1,I purchased a sheet 1/8" thick and 12" x 24" long. This was to be cut for a bed for a 3D printer.	I was very disappointed that the sheet was very warped, does not lie flat at all and impossible to correct the bowing in this.	At the price I paid, which was over $100, I cannot recommend this material, if they are all warped like this.
1,Colors were okay, resistors included were only 1 value, I was expecting an assortment for each color. Being the voltages differ for each color. Ships from somewhere in Asia, so if you need these now think again. You'd have to convince me to buy again.
1,Jacked up the van just fine, when I was finished I went to lower the jack and it wouldn't go back down, had to get my jack to raise the van to get this one out. If it doesn't go down when released it's just an overpriced jack stand.
1,I saw lots of really nice reviewing comparing to the more expensive toothbrush like sonic care. Let me tell you, the power is no where near a "real" the sonic care. It went into the garbage on the first try.
1,I purchased this 6 months ago but just got around to working on the project.  With a 45dcv input and 400 ohm dummy load the output was essentially zero.  With a scope I could see the output pulsing at about 20mv but the pulse frequency didn't change with adjustments to the potentiometer.  After a couple of  minutes the larger of the two capacitors became noticeably warm.  Because of the large number of positive reviews, I suspect this is a defective unit.  Since I'm well past the Amazon return period, I may roll the dice and purchase another.
1,I purchased these beakers thinking they were glass. That was my mistake and not the reason I gave the beakers 1 star. I gave these beakers 1 star because the measurements are not accurate! What is the point of having measurements on the container if they're not accurate?  It should state in the description that these are approximate measurements and not to be used for measurement.
1,Feels good but the thing keeps falling apart.
1,I had problems with nozzle jams with this filament. I don't know if I just got a bad roll, or if this is an indication of their quality control. I will use up the rest of the roll in small jobs that I can keep an eye on while printing.
1,They break too easily when trying to tack them in on harder wood.
1,This filament is okay at $16 for quick tests and prototypes.  The diameter changes every few meters but also is out of round.  Drying is dificult because it softens at 75C and will deform.  After buying higher quality filament I see how bad this filament really is.  I have purchased 7 spools of hatched and black 1.75mm with the same basic problem, the flow MUST be adjusted for eveey print and even during prints.
1,Horrible. I am not one to leave negative reviews, but I need to warn you about this product. I spent hours of time and extra money trying in vain to get this thing to work. The customer service is awful, I ended up needed to use them twice (neither of which fixed the machine). It is garbage.		Spend more and get something that works.
1,Well it didn't work in either of out printers one has direct drive and the other has a tube and really this is nasty looking filament wavy.
1,Returned item- I had 2(1 replacement and original purchase) have broken components. The first one was the door the second one the whole x axis gear box broke. I have had several xyz printers, this one is poorly constructed. I believe amazon no longer sells this(at the time i returned mine they didn't).
1,Dont buy!! Prints come out great then they come out like crap ended up trashing more then half my made parts and i have a company to run here.
1,This is the worst Gaffers tape I have ever used. Won't stick to carpet at all, comes loose within minutes.
1,This very cheap small emitter package includes  Laser Diode crystal with current limiting resistor and collimating lens. It serves a purpose of introduction Laser enthusiast, I think, into the World of Photonics. The diode is not sealed, it exposed to atmosphere, wet or dry,  dusty, indeed in usual home environment. The quality of the source is very poor. And the emitting power is low. It is also very sensitive to static electrical discharges.	Can not recommend it, it causes a lot of frustration.
1,At first this filament (black) printed nicely, no tangles, etc.  But as the spool wore down, the filament became more brittle and began breaking constantly.  It's likely the entire spool was brittle, but the outer winds were less stressed.  Either way, I've had to abandon the spool about 1/2 used because it's too brittle to feed into the printer at this point.
1,SUPER GARBAGE.  I'm not expecting a Littman or professional quality stethoscope, by the way.  I have significant medical experience, and actually one steth. I use is actually really cheap, but it works well.  I'm getting these for students of a class.... but when I tried to use one, it was HORRIBLE.  Very muffled heart sounds -- don't waste your time & money.		Furthermore, this company is now asking me to PAY FOR SHIPPING ($10.18)-- even though when I bought them it was with "free shipping."  This is in ADDITION TO THE 15% RESTOCKING FEE.  How they can retroactively ask for shipping is beyond me.  Whoever runs this company, I hate them!  I'm contacting amazon, and I'll update this review as to the conclusion.		In the mean time, I DO NOT RECOMMEND!!!
1,I had  this meter for 2 days and then it just stopped working.  It wasn't dropped, damaged or anything. It took 4 readings and on day three it would not turn on.  I tried everything.  Plenty of better meters out there and I would prefer test strips - at least those work!
1,Spend more money and get a quality set! Don't waste your money here
1,Vacuumed sealed bag was already open, tape was cut on box, desiccant packet wasn't anywhere to be found. Idk how itll print. I feel like I got someone elses return order. Not happy.
1,not matching 6mm , does fit but its way too large to grab a 6mm shaft
1,Ordered 5/16" DIA but received 3/8" DIA.  Item is in good condition, but unusable to me.  Not worth having someone turn this to the diameter I need.
1,quality is low, overall.  might be usable in a project, but would never use this in a build that I would do for someone else.
1,From the very beginning, there were red flags. I did not go into this expecting some amazing printer, or something that would make things that look like they were injection molded. But I was still incredibly disappointed, frustrated, and angry. Some of the parts were not the correct size. Rods didn't fit into the bearings, holes were not drilled with the proper alignment, a linear bearing even had its bearings falling out. They sent me a couple new rods and bearings, but even the replacements didn't roll smoothly and stuck a lot. I didn't feel like wasting more time with getting yet another replacement.	The mdf material this is made of cracked in several places during assembly, since the 'laser cut' (apparently not precision cut) pieces didn't quite line up. After a few replacement pieces, and finally completing the build, the first big problem was the X gantry sags. A LOT. As the print head moves around, the right side raises and lows, since it has no support. It sags so much, that I was unable to fully compensate for it even with totally raising one side of the bed and completely lowering the other. I did eventually purchase the heated bed from QUBD, hoping that would help some of the other issues it was having, but it didn't. They actually didn't even send me all of the parts that were supposed to come with the heated bed, and the bed has a crack in it, and after 6 days, I still have no response from them.	But back to this travesty of a printer. As the gantry sags, you can see the top support sway, which throws it off even more. No matter how tight the screws are, there always seems to be play in the parts.	The software that was loaded onto it when I received it did not work properly, and had the X and Y axises mirrored, and one of the motors had different colored wiring than the others, adding to the confusion of building, since this is the 'new' version, which apparently has very little support out there and the instructions had several spots that did not match the parts in the kit. I tried flashing the marlin firmware, and eventually found a firmware on the qubd site that did get it to actually print, in that it would move in approximately the appropriate motions, but still with all sorts of errors.	The Y belt is never able to get quite tight enough, without modification of the pieces that hold it, so as it prints, it introduces more and more shifting in the Y direction.	The X motor has always made a sort of grinding noise, and jumps a lot when making small movements, the extruder gear is not actually round (or the hole is drilled off-center) causing the filament to either not have enough tension to be pushed through, or too much tension and it tears it up or skips back, with every revolution.	The Z motor is now skipping any time it moves more than one or two steps, and just lightly hums, so when the extruder is lifted to heat up, then goes down to start a print, it has to be manually moved back down to the correct location.	The bed (non-heated) is not actually flat. It seemed to have a bulge in one spot, slightly off center, and no matter how often I leveled it, it would not allow me to use the full size of the bed without print errors.	I have spent a month looking on forums, getting advice, and even had someone with much more 3d printing experience come over, but all to no avail.	If the print speed is anything about around 20mm/s, I don't even get something that will resemble the model, and even with it going slow, the extrusion rate has to be cranked way up, which causes all sorts of deformations.	The extruder PEEK (the cylinder insulator that basically holds the extruder to the carriage) has never fit properly into the 'mounting' and generally sits about 2-3 degrees off of vertical, causing smears and eventually ruining the layers. I have rebuilt this thing 5 times so far, and the extruder at best sits off-kilter, and generally shakes itself loose and will actually wobble around as it moves.	Anything that is printed higher than about 5-7 layers starts gettings holes, spirals, gaps, missing layers, etc.	This has been a nearly wasted month. I say nearly, because I did learn that I will not use a printer with a single z motor, made from mdf, or that is the 'cheapest'. I just hope that I can get my return approved, I would even settle for Amazon credit at this point.
1,very disappointed in these bottles. first off you advertised them as being made in the USA (says in description country of origin USA) but right on the bottle they are stamped made in China.	also, one does not spray a fine mist, the other you have to keep priming it and all three of them do not have perfectly flat bottoms so they wobble. bad product and misleading description, very cheaply made.
1,waste of money! this is nothing more than a baby box of nails that you could find at the dollar store.
1,This printer is a bargain for what it sells for and for the hour or so it worked it was awesome. Unfortunately that about as long as it lasted, the Y axis began to shake and make noise and started laying down layers all over the place. It appears one of the linear bearings in on the y axis bound up requiring replacement. Looking into it on the internet it appears it's a known problem. I've returned the printer and willl order something else. Too bad because I really like the design and the size. Oh well!
1,Why didn't I listen to previous buyers.  This is a true POS.  It broke at the joint on  the second use ANY I could not get my money back or a replacement because I did not use this quick enough.  What a rip-off.  the concept  is excellent but the execution  sucks.
1,Broke on first use. Reads about 20 psi with no pressure applied. Disappointed indeed.
1,CHEAP, WILL NOT SPIN GOOD, SOAKED THEM IN GAS TO GET RID OF GREASE THEM USED WD40 TO LUB THEM. STILL WILL NOT SPIN GOOD
1,Not rare earth.
1,This product is a great idea on paper but the implementation is totally bad.	Pros :  Inexpensive	  Has great suction when it works.	Cons:  Tips over way too easily.  When it tips over there is no longer any suction and you have to turn it off and then back on to get suction back.	  The tipping over happens so often I just want to throw it away.	  Power cord way too short.	  Hose is way too short.	  Filters are very inadequate.  Motor is already getting covered with dirt and debris after only a month of occasional use.	  Filter Instructions are very unclear and confusing some of the parts seems to be missing to keep the filter on.  I had to use a rubber band.	  The filter should be properly installed by the factory mine certainly wasn't and the instructions seemed to indicate that was normal.	  I have not dared to try and pick up liquid as it looks like you need to change the filter somehow and the filter instructions are unclear.
1,These bolts a junk,  I have broken three already and the three had pilot holes drilled.  Buy quality SS bolts and screws and steer away from these ones.
1,cheap. full of kinks. thin. I got exactly what I paid for. Lesson learned.
1,I revised my review. At first I loved this thing. Then 6 months into owning it the wire for the bed heater broke and the thermistor for the bad went bad as well. I contacted monprice and it took them 5 days to respond. In that amount of time I ordered the materials to do the mod that others have done to avoid future breakage. So. 6 months in expect to do repairs. Monoprice will send you a new one, provided you don't void the warranty like I did. But why would you want a printer that is going to break again? If you have this, mod it. You will save some down time. As for monoprice their customer service just plain sucks.
1,stopped working after 9 months. the pump failed, junk!
1,As of 2018 Inland has declined in quality. Before 2018 all my rolls were amazing, bought from both Amazon and Microcenter. Now, buying from both Microcenter in-store and Amazon the rolls just aren't what they use to be. I'm no longer a lover of Inland. This makes me so sad. Now it will cost me more to get quality prints.
1,I purchased the roll. Rolls only have backing on one side. The adhesive glue is slightly squished outside the roll during manufacturing or storage, which results in the sides of the adhesive clinging to the edges during unrolling, making it unusable where flatness and even application are required.		I would not buy the roll again, as both rolls had the same defect. I might consider sheets if they had backing on both sides.
1,I've had this unit less than a mount and it's dead. The screen has died and is so dim that it's unreadable and it's ineligible for a refund/return. Avoid this, spend a little more and get something quality.
1,great if you want but after trying it I did not like the big heavy roll.	I'd rather have individual ones.
1,Dries too quickly. Difficult to clean up.
1,I want to like this, but there is so much wrong so far only about 1/10th the way done. First I was missing the M3 nuts, so drove into town, 5 miles, and back for the m3 nuts I needed. Then I got to a part of the build section 14 with the instructions call it an Endstop, Part one of PDF calls it an axis belt clip. I can't find anything even closely like that, and nothing that small. I am afraid, to ask just for this part, and then find out that there is more missing. They got this thing to me in 24 hours, so should be able to send me a whole new one that quick. I am unreasonable when it comes to spending this much money. I expect everything to be available when I get it, unless it states else where what I must supply. Also the screw I am supposed to use to hold this thing on the frame calls for a m3*10, which I do not have, and are not even listed on pdf 1. Also, the link to the instruction video goes to a bunch of youtube clips, none of them the instructions for this printer. They need to fix this. I will up to 5 start if they fix it all. I tried to get in touch with them, but couldn't find any way to do it after I contacted them with the feedback button. I can't go back and change it or delete it to add the rest I have found. I either want my money back. or everything I need to get this thing built. Half a day wasted for a few freaking nuts and crap. I am very upset about this.
1,Does not lift up a 2017 Ford Mustang with sufficient clearance to get me, a 140 lb. skinny kid, under with a Creeper...
1,I had this hooked up inline with a G20 pump.  Every time the pump kicked on those seals would blow loose and spray water everywhere.  They just can't handle high pressure (60 PSI) plus a 1 1/2" flow.
1,This printer should not be on the market. This is beta Kickstarter trash that was haphazardly retrofitted into a product. The version I have is the newest "R1" model. From the moment you power on the printer, the nightmare begins.		First you're given a horrible 3D printer software called MatterControl. The interface crashes when you minimize the window (At least on Windows 8). It also has the appearance as if it was created in the 90s. Many times you'll notice it fails to detect the printer.		Usually the first thing most people will do is play around with the X, Y, Z controls for the print head and watch the head move up, down, left, right, etc. However, if you control the head too low on the Z axis, the leveling switches will get loose and spin uncontrollably, and possibly get their connections permanently severed... pretty much self-destructing your brand new printer. I went on the robo3d forum to complain... but some guy named "Mike" said the solution is to not go too low on the Z axis, because MatterControl doesn't "respect" the switches. Are you serious!? Then why are the switches there in the first place!? Derp?		Before I continue, this is pretty much all the support you'll get from Robo3d... A guy named Mike on the Robo3d forums... Their support center is pretty much non-existent.		You'll get a few, maybe a dozen decent prints before more problems occur. First thing that you'll run into is probably the filament drive gets jammed or slips filament in the middle of your print... The solution the forum suggested was to buy a new "hobbed bolt" from eBay. Really? Did they build this in their garage!?		Next thing you'll get is an uncontrollable plastic leak from the top of the extruder's heat block. This is "common" according to Mike.. The plastic accumulates on top of the block, burns into a black liquid, and then falls on your print while releasing visible fumes. The black stuff hardens into nasty-looking boogers and causes the print to fail. There is no true solution to this, only a risky and potentially destructive tightening method that requires you to heat the extruder to almost 300C! While you're trying to work on the printer (which is what you'll be doing most of the time), the blue LEDs, while cool, blind you until you are forced to tape them up.		Maybe a few weeks in, things start getting very sad.. The filament drive jams even more, the leak becomes a flow, and you realize its almost impossible to print anything but the simplest items on this... Last but not least the fans over heat and fail (mine caught on fire), rendering your printer absolutely useless until Robo3d can send you a new parts, which on the forum I've read cases where it took several weeks (or even longer) to get replacement parts. Besides the parts replacement, the warranty is completely useless. Robo3d will not send you a new printer if it dies on you. In fact you'll be lucky if you even get a response from them. Only "Mike" on the forums might be the only help you get.		Thankfully I bought the printer from a retailer that has a decent return policy, and was able to get a refund for this hunk of junk! I just ordered a Dremel3D :)		**Edit - I just noticed a suspicious "5-star" review was posted shortly after I submitted this first review. I'm guessing someone at Robo3d is finally listening to me! Too late!!
1,Cheap flexible junk, that has such short pins and is so rubbery that it POPS OUT OF A BREAD BOARD just when you think it is fully seated. In the junk drawer these go until I'm desperate enough to use eight female to male jumpers on it.
1,It's silicone caulk, in a easy cheese can for 200-300% more cost for less product. (per can)		It's really no different than&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Dap-08641-Clear-Silicone-Sealant-9-8-Ounce/dp/B000BD0QAK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Dap 08641 Clear Silicone Sealant 9.8-Ounce</a>		Duct tape can seal a large hole in a bucket.  For that matter, a new plastic bucket is 4 dollars.
1,didnt last lont
1,Stopped working for me. Even changed out the batteries. Piec of junk in my book. Was impressed at first but it just stopped magicially.
1,This just proves that it's worth it to buy an original rather than a cheap knock-off. This hotend came with a non-working thermistor to start. The screw for the heater could not be loosened to remove the heater to use it in the volcano block. The volcano block also had burrs in it which made threading the nozzle in it impossible unless properly cleaned of the burrs.		Honestly, just do yourself a huge favor and buy the original E3D hotend and not this cheap knock-off. Save yourself times of time, trouble and a lot of headache.
1,I bought this wheel to sharpen my carbide drills. It does not work?? I bought a diamond wheel that does the job.
1,Robo3D, E3Dv1 hot-end.	Tried all the way up to 265C down to 230C, with and without a touch of oil.	Always jammed ~30cm a time.  Looked good when it started at 258 (slightly glossy, free flowing), but jammed during the print.		Ended up using Shaxon for the job, but Shaxon warped a lot...
1,Just set up a brand new Dillon Precision XL650 and darn near got a case stuck in a die right out of the gate using this stuff. Resprayed the cases with a friends lanolin / isopropyl mixture and no problem whatsoever. This product is not a good case / die lube, do yourself a favor and check on U-Tube for the lanolin / isopropyl mixtures, beats this overpriced and unreliable product hands down
1,Super low quality syringes. The plunger either doesn't travel smoothly, or the tip of it pops off when you're drawing in liquid. Don't waste your money, find another manufacturer to buy your 1ml syringes from.
1,Like other reviewers.... lots of areas that it read improperly.  not sure if the unit is a lemon, or the area I used it was causing interference...Dewalt is a solid company, hard to imagine them producing a product that does not deliver...will try it again soon...
1,Would not come on
1,I've had one for about a year.  Trusted it completely.		Liked it so much - especially the 24 hour hi/low function, I bought 3 more for my new greenhouse.		Can't trust any of them.		You be the judge - see the photos.
1,Well i don't have the right 3d printer and it doesnt work with amd processors. Big waste of money
1,it fits well.lots of breaks putting them on and getting them out of the box
1,Leaks
1,Due to Amazon's bizarre policy of combining reviews this review is practically useless.		Normally I find Fluke fluke to be a good brand. However this voltage tester lacks sensitivity. One has to bring the head with in about 1/2 inch of 120 VAC for it to trigger.  My Extech will trigger about 1-1/2 inches away from 120 VAC.		Made a comment is China.
1,purchased it to extend my car gps wire,,,, its not the right type of wire,,,, oh well.... my fault,,, bad research
1,Every part of this loosens and flexes when minimal force is applied (~5 inch pounds).  I had one of these snap at about 25 inch pounds.  They tend to snap at the part that holds the ball pivot.
1,I bought this hose for our camper. We went camping this pass week and our neighbors our camping had the same problem. They said when they get home they are going to get rid of their too. Once you TRY to roll it up it has kinks in it and won't roll. So three of us will not be using this type of hose, the other people through theirs in the garbage. The hose is strong but the end was bent on ours in the first place. Thank God we had another hose to use.
1,Terribly made. That is all there is to it.
1,the first roll WAS GREAT...STRONGEST STUFF IVE TRIED YET!  PRINTED AT 255/72C LIKE A DREAM.	IT WAS DEFINATELY WORTH THE PREMIUM FOR THAT ROLL.	BUT THE SECOND ROLL WAS GARBAGE. THERE WAS A MIXUP IN LABELING AND I GOT A SUB QUALITY ROLL OF BLACK NYLON WITH A PURPLISH TINT TO IT THAT WAS HARD AS HELL TO GET DIALED IN ENOUGH TO ADHERE TO ITSELF AND THE RESULTS WERE FLIMSY, WEAK PRINTS THAT DELAMINATED AT EVERY LAYER FROM TOP TO BOTTOM.  WHEN BROUGHT TO THE SELLERS ATTENTION ...ALL I GOT WAS A REPLY ABOUT THE NEWER STYLE REELS THAT TAULAN CHANGED OVER TO AND NO MENTION OF THE MIXUP OR ANY EXPLANATION, NOR ANY OFFER TO CORRECT THE MISTAKE IN SENDING A MISLABELED PRODUCT AT A PREMIUM PRICE, SO I NEVER BOUGHT ANOTHER ROLL ON AMAZON AND WENT TO THE SOURCE.		AFTER A YEAR OF NO RESPONSES FROM THE SELLER FOR A RESOLUTION, I AM EDITING MY RATING AND REVIEW TO REFLECT THE FACTS.	MY ADVICE IS IF YOU WANT GENUINE TAULMAN3D PRODUCTS...GO TO THE SOURCE.
1,I have been using Oatey 30203 Dark Cutting Oil to drill hard steel with cobalt bits and it works great. I decided to try this oil (always looking for something better) based on the reviews and was very disappointed. It simply doesn't work as good as the Oatey oil. It took me twice as long to drill a 1/4 inch hole in 1/4 inch hard steel. I drilled four holes, two holes with this oil and two holes with the oatey oil. The oatey oil is far superior for my type of work. Won't buy again.
1,Defective-Does not turn on when batteries (that come with product or other new batteries) are inserted.  This item is not eligible for return which is not stated in item description.
1,very tiny board
1,After using these for a while, the beads in the window turned black (not green). Put it through several recharge cycles, but the color never changed back.  I opened the box because I thought maybe the window had discolored, but it was still clear and the beads were black.  No amount of baking would change the color.  Will need to look for another solution.
1,This is not a true 3mm hotend.  It uses 4mm OD/3mm ID tubing and heat break and will not actually run with 3mm filament.  I expected more from RepRapChampions, but I will never trust their hotends again after this one.  I goofed and didn't read the description when I bought it, and when I got it I tested it cold without putting a tip on.  3mm filament will not even get through the heat break.  Do not buy this, look for one with a 6mm OD/4mm ID bowden and true 3mm path.  I returned it the next day.
1,Great idea but I couldn't get it to feed into my hotend for anything. So didn't work at all.
1,Looks like a blind child soldered this thing.  There's burn marks, shorted pins and cold solder point all over it.  Quality in the through hole soldering is very questionable to say the least. It got one star because Amazon made me to post this review.
1,Very cool Filament	Works great for model fences on train layout
1,there's about two feet on each roll.  what a ripoff.
1,Works great but it keep resetting it's self so I'm not able to keep a close eye on the highs and lows ... it won't keep the recorded high or low for more then few hours
1,Maybe Im using them on the wrong materials, but these just don't work for me.	I am using them on cast iron, steel, and brass, in model engineering. They just don't seem to bite into the scale on the castings, and even if they do they are hard to control.
1,4 days i tried to get this machine to even print half as good as the 1.0a and failed miserably. Nothing i did helped. i really wished it worked but i sent it back and bought a Robo r1 plus in its place and well the robo is already printing amazingly within hours.
1,The nozzle arrived broken
1,A tape job came along today. I received my few months old roll of Gorilla. Barely adhesive now. It was stored inside the house, by the way. Had to throw it away. Useless. Just doesn't seem to last. Won't buy again. Ever.
1,not the gaffers tape im used to, plastic finish does not conform well and the adhesive is hardly up to snuff
1,Not as sticky as I'd expect according to the reviews.  Perhaps this is old product and has lost some of it's stickiness? Not sure. I suspect a lot of products on Amazon are old stock from companies.		Does not work as reported on vinyl. Tried to seal a few blow up mattresses with bad results. Tape would not hold.	Tried cleaning and decreasing with 91% alcohol and other products just to have the tape peel off or just plain leak.		Also tried heating with hair dryer with no better results.
1,I bought this because I had seen the company's larger version in use at various events. I didn't need the capacity of the larger version, so I got this one. Profoundly disappointed. This is a toy, not an appliance. The first few times I used it, I thought I was doing something wrong. No, it's not me. This thing doesn't pop popcorn well.	Using Great Northern Popcorn kernels and oil, following the directions exactly, I typically get 59 to 68 un-popped kernels per batch. Remember, this is a VERY small batch. I can put the exact same popcorn kernels and the same oil in an ordinary saucepan on my kitchen stove, with a vented lid, and get 5 to 7 un-popped kernels.	Further, the lid (actually two lids) on the basket hang up near the hinge edge and won't let the popcorn out. I tried making small bends in the corners of the lids to see if that would help. It didn't.	I would not recommend this toy to anyone. I plan to give mine away (with a warning to the recipient that it's a toy, not an appliance.)
1,Glue is fine, but it is the most ridiculous packaging on the face of the earth.  Enough of a reason not to buy it.
1,In comparison to two different electric meters and SEOH's colorPHAst testing strips, these strips, over 25 separate tests, never came closer than 2 full points off in erroneous readings, usually reading as being more acidic than the liquid being tested actually was.
1,EDIT #2:  Elizabeth from HICTOP e-mailed me asking me to remove this review or else she would be in danger of losing her job.		I am not new to 3D printing.  This actually was my 3rd printer.  It was the first printer I bought that was a complete waste of money from the start.  First of all despite following both the paper guide and the video on wiring the power supply, the first time I plugged it in the room filled with smoke and the power prongs partially melted (see photo).  Luckily my circuit breaker tripped or an electrical fire would have been likely.  I was able to repair this, but really I should have stopped here.  The problem was that both the video and the wiring guide in the instructions showed a slightly different power supply than the one I was sent  - the difference is in the faint metal engravings, otherwise it was identical, but by simply following the instructions I was given I nearly caused a fire as I wasn't expecting a different power supply than the one on the item list.  I should have checked it a bit closer, but both the video and the assembly instructions said to do it this way, so I did.  If they are sending out different power supplies now then those directions need to be updated ASAP.  Second, the screws I was sent for the fan guard > fan > heat sink > extruder (connecting to each other in that order) were too long, but had they been the right size, it wouldn't have mattered as the heat sink didn't have screw holes anyway.  I e-mailed Hictop about this and verbatim their response was "try to do it again and do it slower."  Oookay, thanks for nothing.  I go to Lowe's and get some proper screws and manage to assemble it.  I turn it on and my computer doesn't recognize it (Window's 10).  I download drivers, install a different version of Cura, try a different USB cable, nothing.  I've printed with an SD card before, I'll try it again just to get this calibrated.  Well, you have to unscrew the LCD screen to insert the SD card, since the mounts for the printer filament block it.  Lastly, I attempted to calibrate my printer and was met with a "Heating fail" message on the LCD screen.  Thank goodness for Amazon, because Hictop customer service won't back up their garbage-grade products.		Edit:  After posting this I received an e-mail from the seller.  They apologized for their first e-mail and then told me to attach all those parts by the "upper holes."  They only have lower holes.  Next step was to "install the fan with the label facing inside" followed by a screenshot of their instructions where it literally says "the sticker on the fan facing out."  I know English is not their first language, but this is lazy at best and dangerous at worse.
1,Laser light stopped working after 9 uses.  Now I don't know if it is correct or not or if it is calculating the temp where I want !		Works well After I put in a new battery.  The battery that comes with it is IN the handle.	Wasn't until I swapped out for a new battery that I found out that the one supplied is shrink wrapped before they put it in.  VERY TIGHTLY SHRINK WRAPPED.	Hope this lasts
1,Not the length that I thought they were and so wasn't able to use them.
1,Its good to test for magnets, but worthless to test and study magnetic fields.
1,Mine only lasted 2 1/2 years on a 3 way bedside table lamp.  I know this because when I selected this item Amazon told me I purchased one on April 5, 2015. This is many years shorter life than expected for this type of switch,  which is only used 2 or 3 times daily. I'm buying another brand this time.
1,came broken - red wire had disconnected from PCB. soldered it back on and it eventually broke off again, solder and pad are of very poor quality. Tapped another point and it does work with this repair. Funny enough the PCB appears to be useless and just a way to add a pot to dim the LEDs; could probably just remove the PCB and mount the pot in line.		Once it finally worked: image quality is poor. Camera is misaligned in the case so the LEDS reflect onto the lens making half the screen washed out. Part of image that works is also mediocre quality. camera is not sealed well, I would not use in a liquid scenario without adding something around the lens to improve seal.		However, there are some positives - works without driver in OS X and linux. However, in linux it will not work in mjpg mode, only YUYV which is more taxing on your cpu. Likely not an issue on most computers but if you're using it on something like a raspberry pi it may be too much (~85-90% cpu usage on a pi zero)
1,Junk!
1,Ok! PETG will stick to this material to the point of ripping it when removing the print. Really pissed because it is really expensive for a pack of 3. I received them on Monday and by Thursday (Today) I have gone through all 3. Every print with PETG rips the damn thing right off. Also THE HEATED BED SEPERATED THE GLUE FROM THE ACTUAL BUILDTAK SURFACE. So it just came off very easily.
1,My offices required us to get several converter boxes, and this is by far he worst of them. It lacks even the most basic features such as a volume control for the television. If you buy this box, you'll need two remotes to control the volume and channels on your TV unless you have a universal remote that will actually work with it. The box itself can't function without the remote either. You can't even turn it on and off without the remote because the box has zero controls on it. It's performance is fair at best too. This box is so poor, we replaced it with the Tivax STB-T8, which has more features, costs less, and performs better. We also have several Zenith DTT901's, which also performs circles around this hunk of junk. I rarely give an item 1 star, but this box deserves it.
1,junk
1,I don't like it because it works as it should for testing with hydrometer but it also leaks at the base where you have to screw the plastic tube onto the plastic base. I was afraid of breaking it as the plastic tube felt weak and fragile. It also leaves hard to wash stains on the inside of the tube after repeated use. I no longer use this as now I have a single glass piece.
1,i was expecting  more, it is for just in case you need then for a very small project in the house. You are better making yourself this type packs from the hardware stores
1,the aluminum bed is horrible.  this thing is junk.  a rock found in your side yard is far more valuable.
1,Ordered two of these and both showed up broken. Packaging was undamaged - so my best guess is that the glass was improperly annealed.
1,This seems to jam up the extruder feed so I don't recommend it.
1,Cheap Junk
1,With all of the false readings being reported, you've got to wonder if this thing is either clairvoyantly looking back in time at long gone houses, or else it's actually one of the worst-marketed but most brilliant-designed planning tools ever.  "No, you don't have conduit there, but I'm telling you...you should add some."  Inconsistent readings are maybe just a sign that it's changing its mind about your best home improvement upgrade.  "Wait...wait...now I see - an indoor spa!  Yes, you'll definitely need live wires here."		Seriously, though.  With all of the reviews from people that have scanned walls that they _know_ what's behind them and gotten bad results, how is anyone supposed to trust this thing?  I've scanned walls that I don't know what's there, and the display is pretty cool - but I don't know if it's right.  My two-star review is based in part on that, but I can say from my own experience that it missed or incorrectly classified a stud in a wall that I know is there (because I installed wall plates on either side of it) every time.  It's 0% for stuff that I know exists, so I'm not going to believe that it's nailing everything else.		So, positive marks for being lightweight and having a nice case, and the display is nice and graphical.  Huge negative marks for accuracy, and a bit of a negative against Dewalt for not putting a screen protector on the unit for shipping - like other people, mine showed up a little scratched from other items in the case.		All of that said, I was torn on what rating to give this, though.  I scanned myself three times, and every time it displayed that I'm a stud.  False readings or not...Five Stars.		Alright, maybe not five stars.  But it was still a good pick-me-up.  :D
1,Low video resolution and marginal focus. Totally inadequate instructions. Software doesn't run well on my pc, with Win 7 64 bit. Have to power down the pc to close the app.
1,My new review: This is Chinese junk.  After a couple years, it won't turn on anymore, despite trying several new batteries.  It's dead.  I hardly ever used it.  Next time I'm buying the Japanese Mitutoyo brand.
1,The color they are showing in the listing is NOT the orange you will receive. Inland recently changed their colors and the orange you get is actually very light pastel orange. It's an unacceptable color swap in my opinion.		They are advertising a dark orange and shipping something that isn't even close.		It printed fine, however the color is pastel orange.
1,Your page for this product is buggy - when first shown, it has a line in the description: "For range hoods, appliances: to fit 7/16" x 1" opening".  If you click a different option and then click the "Standard" option again, that line in the description is no longer present.  So, the product you order when you just navigate to this page and click "Add to Cart" is described as:		Heavy-Duty rocker switches that fit .830 x 1.45 inch panel cutouts	***	For range hoods, appliances: to fit 7/16" x 1" opening		The actual switch is YUUUUGE (.830 x 1.45), and certainly not what I believed I was buying.  I looked through the comments after not getting what I believed I was ordering, and others reported getting big honking rocker switch when they thought they would receive the 7/16"x1" model.		What say you fix the page for this product?
1,Made covering the print bed of my Davinci Pro quick, but sticks to printed parts better than the aluminum print bed
1,After constant struggles for nearly a year to level the print bed, I finally found the culprit. This borosilicate glass was not flat.
1,I purchased this because it specifically mentioned use with 3D printers. The tape while of great form factor doesn't provide enough grip. I have tried calibrating the printer multiple times and even pushing the nozzle hard against the surface also increasing the extruder temperature to 215 (with PLA filament) and the tape provides very little grip.		I only purchased one other tape to try to 3D print with and the difference is night and day. The ProTapes Pro Scenic 714 has such a grip on my 3D prints that I actually have to rip the paper off the printer bed before I can take the part off (and the tape is thicker).		By comparison this tape has no grip on the printed parts whatsoever. The parts immediately start warping and lifting off the tape. Too bad because I so wanted it to work, because narrower form factor of the Pro Scenic 714 leaves creases in my 3D printed parts.		For reference I have tried this on the Printrbot Simple Metal without the heated bed.
1,It is an ok brush but not for my exact needs.  Should have paid more attention to the actual size.
1,Doesn't work very well humidity doesn't seem to change and the temperature doesn't change at all
1,Filament bore was not drilled straight and did not line up with threaded throat. Could not pass filament through. Nozzle, heat block, threaded throat and fan assembly looked fine though.  Returned and reordered.
1,Terrible , never seen this before.
1,First two were fine.  Third one printed a bit but was bad about stopping.  The last two were bored so small you couldn't push a piece of 1.75 filament through them.  I gave it two stars cause 2 of the 5 worked.  The others got thrown away.
1,This is just ~40g of sodium hydroxide (lye) mixed with 1L of water. You can buy 20x the quantity for the same price if you just look for lye or sodium hydroxide instead of "positive developer". Also, why does it come up in search results when you type "ferric chloride" in the Amazon search? I should have read more and it's on me that I bought it expecting FeCl3, but it's sllly that an ambiguously named product would show up when searching for something totally different. Also, it's non-returnable, so now I'm stuck with a very expensive bottle of lye.
1,didn't fit
1,haven't  used it as yet but will update if anything arises with it s use.  Did not come with the tube and fitting but that is probably why it is priced like it is.  If you look around I'm sure you can find one complete for the same price point.	I wouldn't say "I don't like it " as the 2 star designates but below is a response I wanted to send back to the seller:	Just a note for your information.  I finally got around to installing on my unit [Metal J-Head V6 Hot End for RepRap 3D Printer 1.75mm ] and much to my disappointment, it did not work.  It returned a "MAX_TEMP_ERROR" and would go no further.  With further examination it read "0 Ohms resisance" across the thermister resulting in the error code. It looks as if the thermocouple was shorted out causing the problem.  Your supplier should excersise more caution while installing the theremocouple and avoid the problem.
1,I bought this item based on the good reviews and I thought it would save me money by prolonging the filter life. However things did not go as planned. One of the units broke down less than 1 month of use. Luckily it was still in the return window and I easily got it exchanged. For those who wonder, I did not dip it all the way down , so it was not my obvious fault it broke down. Second one has been working fine in terms of getting on and off as it supposed to but the readings of the same sample within ten minutes is completely different. The variation is more than 10%, so accuracy is questionable. Besides, I change the filter and compare the before and after readings and do not see a change at all. You can say that the filter itself is not working and it may be true, but I feel the difference in taste while this machine sees nothing in numbers. So if I had a second chance, I would not buy this item, yet so far it has saved me nothing at all.
1,Well... It is awfully watery.  I like the Red Devil equivalent better, because it comes out more like "caulk" and is easier to smooth and apply.
1,To expensive
1,While I could use another one of these, I will not be buying it. The price went up after I got the first one. While it is a nice option it is not a must have.	****update****	This thing stopped working after 6 months. The magnetic part would not function. Had to go back to my original switch. Recently got another one from another manufacturer and it is NON magnetic. Mechanical is the way to go !
1,Bought these for "InstallerParts Cable Tie Mount 22mm -- Black  100 Piece Pack" as they were recommended as a 'group' purchase. Head of screw is too small and is pretty much useless.
1,Failed after a few uses.  Burned out I think.		I connected my vacuum and miter saw to it at the same time.  Clearly it lacks the amp capacity to power both, which is absurd for a piece of shop equipment.  Neither is a huge piece of gear- small shop vac and a 10" miter saw.  It constantly tripped off and needed to be unplugged and re-set.  After that happened a few times, it stopped working.		Will return for refund and spend a few more dollars for a reliable piece of gear.
1,Okay so honestly I feel bad leaving such a negative review of this product seeing how most people seem to be happy with it, and maybe I was just expecting too much from it but either way here's what I experienced.		The Negatives	1. The filament is very brittle and while they clearly state this in the description it's still annoying. My 3d printer always puts a slight amount of tension on the filament even when you are loading the filament so despite me being cautious I still had the filament break one time, not a big deal if it's removed but if it were to break and you pushed the broken filament into your machine I would imagine it could do some damage.	2. I'm not a fan of the cardboard spool, sure it's eco friendly but it can be damaged in shipping. It also doesn't roll as smoothly on the stand while it's being fed into the machine as a plastic spool does, not a big deal but I feel like if I'm paying a premium price I want something to preform better not worse.	3. The filament lingers around after you change filament colors, while all filaments do this to some extent none of them have been as bad as this filament. I suppose you could just steady run the extruder for a few minutes after you load a different filament but then you're wasting filament which seems kind of pointless.	4. The biggest negative for me of them all is I simply couldn't get a proper print out of this filament. Maybe it was something I did wrong or maybe it was just my cheap 3d printer but every other PLA I have tried has worked fine and I just couldn't get this to print properly. I'll update my review if I am able to get a decent print out of this but that still doesn't change the fact that it's preforms vastly different than a standard PLA.		The Neutral	The prints do weight more than a regular PLA filament, I'm not really sure why you would want or need this especially considering the extra weight doesn't add any strength to the print but if you're looking for that this filament has it.		The Positive	Despite not being able to get a complete print out of this filament the part I did get looked pretty cool, it has almost like a stone/concrete look to it and if you put some peroxide and salt on it you do get the cool rust affect that everyone likes.		So after all those negatives and aggravation the only really benefit you get from this filament is it looks kind of cool, even with that though it's not that cool looking when you compare it to something like a wood filament. When you use a wood filament and stain your print you can get a 3d print that looks exactly like wood, however with this no matter what you do it still looks like something printed out on a 3d printer. Overall I'm not really happy with this filament even if this printed out fine and I had no problems with it I still don't think I would be impressed by it. It's just not unique or good looking enough to justify the $40 and the difficulty of use was just the icing on the disappointment cake.		Even with the bad experience I will give another one of proto-pasta's filaments a try in the future but I'll be looking for one that is easier to use.
1,It extrudes, but that's about it. I have so many wraps on this roll it's going in the trash. First bad roll of inland filament I've gotten, thought it might have been a freak occurrence, but it then had a wrap on a 54 minute test print as well. Guess this stuff isn't as good as the higher volume black? Have not seen these issues with other colors.
1,As much as I love hatchbox filament, the last 3 rolls I have gotten have been riddled with tangles.  I would give a much better review if I felt like I could trust it printing by itself for more than 20 minutes without worrying about it tangling on the spool and killing my print.
1,RETURNED IT , BAT PRODUCT, I JUST RECEIVED PART OF THE CREDIT.  I WILL REMEMER...
1,Horrible. Price does not match perfomance,	First let me just say that this is not my first 3D printer. I have owned several 3D printers over the past four years. I also print professionally for my Consulting business that has to do with aerospace engineering. My main work horses for my company are flashforge Creator Pro printers. They work around the clock 24/7 with only minor needs for leveling the build platform and refilling the filament.		I bought a Taz 6 with the expectation that I was going to get another work horse like flashforge. Unfortunately that was far from the truth. The Taz 6 is a product "in development" at best. It Is by no means a device to be used to run a business or to get reliable and repeatable printing 24/7 like the Flash Forge.		Here are some of the problems that I encountered. The unit failed several times to auto level. It took several phone calls to customer support to address the issue. The initial prints showed problems with Z axis. Additional phone calls to customer support indicated that the z-axis had alignmnet issues. According the customer support they stated that the z axis gets damaged and/or shifted during shipping and requires recalibration by the end-user. Recalibration/realignmnet means that you have to actually take apart some the support pillars and performer realignment.		Bed adhesion was another issue. The heated bed showed problems with uniform heating across the entire bed surface. Sme parts of the bed are hotter than others. I also apparently had a failed temperature sensor which led to all kinds of other issues which again required customer support involvement.		After all that was addressed print quality was very unreliable with had bad repeatability. At a price tag of $2,500 I expected a more professional and robust machine. The Taz 6 is not that.		I have also bought a pursa i3 mark to back in December as a kit just for fun and found it to be printing a hundred times more reliably and better than the $2,500 Taz 6. And the prusa cost $750.		As for comparison to the Creator Pro there was none. Do you want to know how many phone calls to customer support I've made to Creator Pro since I first bought the printers? Zero. I have had no issues whatsoever after thousands and thousands of hours of printing with a Creator Pro. And for a price tag of $800 that's pretty amazing. So at the end of the day I shipped my $2,500 "development kit" back to Amazon and got a refund. I think Lulzbot does a diservice to its customers by not clearly identifying that this is a development kit it not a production workhorse type 3D printer as the want you to belive.		In my opinion it is not for professional use I would not even recommend it for amature use.		It's more of a learning tool to educate students as to how 3D printer works and continue to tweak it and modify it as a learning tool. If people here want a reliable printing machine that can dish out hundreds and hundreds of hours of reliable 3D prints they need to look elsewhere. I cannot help but continue to recommend the flashforge Creator over and over again.		I would have liked to have owned a newer machine but it seems that there's nothing out there in the market currently that is more reliable than flashforge for now for professional work. I am hoping 2017 will change this.		My wishlist would be:		1. Dual extruders (or multi extruder)	2. Enclosure (a must !)	3. 50 micron / 400mm speed.	4. Flexion style head for specialized filaments and nylon.	5. Open format.	6. Wifi, SD and USB interface.	7. Price less than $1500.
1,what do you know it Failed after the 30 day limit. Only controlling 2 time delay controllers using very little power.
1,For the price, the machine itself isn't terrible. I've seen a lot of pretty good prints made on this model (A small handful of them were mine). of course, because the price is so low, you'll need to print out an assortment of minor upgrades to bring it up to spec. It requires a good deal of tinkering to get everything running well. I consider that reasonable for the price.		The real problem lies in their customer support. Three months into its career my machine broke down due to some issue in the control unit. Basically only the fans worked. So I contacted Monoprice customer support. They didn't want to walk me through a repair so I had to pull out all my upgrades and take it in for a replacement. Not ideal, but okay. So I get the replacement in, reinstall all my upgrades and get it fine-tuned again. Just under three months into the life of the replacement, it dies. Exact same symptoms. I contact customer support again. When they eventually get back to me, they want me to send it in again. They can't offer any sort of guarantee that I won't be sending that one back in another three months and absolutely refuse to troubleshoot with me. So, after many emails back and forth, it was made clear to me that, at the end of my 1 year warranty, I'd be the proud owner of a fourth broken printer and they would still refuse to help me fix it.		At this point, I've given up any expectation of getting a reliable machine from Monoprice.		So, I would only recommend this printer to someone who is really good with electronics and has the confidence to safely repair it themselves when it inevitably burns out and customer support leaves them high and dry.		If I could make a recommendation to Monoprice, it would be that they train their factory workers/technicians to some degree or another.  Or to use reliable components.
1,not even close was to be 7/8 OD and 5/8 ID it's 29/32 OD so like .917 should be .875  ID is like  .582 should be .6325	 not happy at all
1,I have a corded Shark vac that is great so I thought this would be too.  I am having a problem with the nozzle coming up from the floor as I vacuum.  Yes, I put my foot on it and pull back on the handle and all is fine for a short while and then the nozzle rises up just enough to be ineffective at vacuuming.  I also have a problem getting it to pick up cat litter on bare floors no matter which speed I use.		Update 5/25/17:  I contacted the seller and they sent another nozzle, but missing the battery.  Then they sent the battery.  After installing the battery it would not charge.  I appreciate the seller's efforts, but this vacuum is just a piece of junk and I wasted my money.  I just bought a cordless vac at Costco for a lot less money.  At least it will be easy to return if I run into problems.
1,Not my favorite
1,Do not buy! Wasn't vacuum sealed and still wouldn't print after been dried for 8 hrs in the oven. Worst experience I ever had.
1,I've had one for about a year.  Trusted it completely.		Liked it so much - especially the 24 hour hi/low function, I bought 3 more for my new greenhouse.		Can't trust any of them.		You be the judge - see the photos.
1,It is supposed to be a 36" length of neoprene sheet but it is so tightly rolled that only 33" was usable. I clamped the sheet between two boards for 48 hours and still the last 3 inches were not flat.		I also found that with neoprene contact cement this material would curl in both directions which also made it more difficult to get into position. This is specific to the way this sheet material was formulated as I have never had this problem in the past with many other rubber sheet products. Tough to get it into position when it curls up so terribly.
1,All the other colors I have tried from 3D Solutech have been fantastic...	However.. This one was not so good. Maybe I got one from a bad batch, I don't know, but this one isn't very good.	For starters, this isn't gold. It's more like a bronze or the color of a dirty penny. I was very disappointed in the color.	Second, it was harder to print with than the other colors from Solutech. I tried all temps from 190-220 and different speeds with different retraction settings.. Kept getting stringy prints with this one.	If they can correct the issue, maybe I'll try it again, but for now I can't use 3D Solutech gold PLA.	Still using the other colors I have purchased, and running out of them.. Hopefully they stock more soon..
1,I thought I would use this a lot as I check jewelry for authenticity at my resale shop but this product has inadequate directions.  I decided not to test it without more information.
1,Like ink cartridges, they have us over a barrel. Without the replacement heads, one's Sonicare is useless; the price has gone up over $5 for the compact 3-pack. Anyhow, the compact bristles are about 5/8", compact for those of us with smallish mouths, and easier around the back of the molars. I'd always bang around with the standard-size brushes, giving myself a jolt and a shock. However, the standard 3-pack size is less expensive and covers more surface, I'll go back to the other size.		Update: while removing the compact brush head, it came off in two parts... just swell. Still works, but I will use a screw driver to pry off the brush head next time. Not what I expected for anything this expensive.
1,I have purchased over 50 spools of Hatchbox filament and it is usually very easy to work with. Lately, I've been using Chromatica-3D PLA filament, but I needed a color they don't offer, so I purchased this and re-calibrated the flow rate on my printer for this spool. The settings are generally the same as they are for other Hatchbox spools.  This has not been a typical Hatchbox spool, though.  So far, out of 8 attempts, I have had ZERO successful prints.  The print head was clogging within the first 10 layers of a print so I turned up the temperature a bit to 200.  This in-turn created a major stringing problem and I was still getting clogs. The one print that did complete had significant layer adhesion problems, which is really weird considering how high the hot-end temp setting was.  I purchased this from Amazon and the spool was still in a tight vacuum when I unloaded it, so I'm really not sure what the issue is. I tried another Hatchbox spool I had and it was OK.  I since switched spools back to the Chromatica-3D stuff and prints have been fine.  So maybe I just got a bad spool.  Still....poor filament, for whatever reason, warrants a poor score.
1,I struggled with the strap arrangement, especially the "safety" strap.	It's too short	The rear strap slips off the back of the motor.	The handle sits so close to the motor top, I can barely get fingers under it.	Some metal lifting ring or hook would surely slice up the paint on the top.	Good idea I suppose but it did not work for a brand new Merc 8hp 4 stroke motor.
1,Well, filament is filament is filament.  I purchased this particular filament with certain expectations.  I now find that these expectations were unrealistic and poorly formulated.  I "expected" this to print a little more clear.  I "expected" this to adhere to itself when it printed.		I get the clear part.  It was an unfounded expectation.  The adhesion thing though, that's different.  All filament starts off clear and they add pigment to it to give it it's color.  Why should the lack of pigment cause poor adhesion?  The one star rating is for the adhesion issue, not the clarity issue.		This is not a filament that I plan to stick with....
1,I don't know what this is, but I do know that it is not adhesive lined or dual wall. I work with aircraft and military grade shrink tubing and this stuff is far from having an adhesive lining. It is thick walled if that is what they are calling dual wall. This was a complete waste of money and my time. I needed this to complete a project before the weekend. I will now spend valuable time looking for the correct shrink tubing instead of working on the project.
1,Did not work in Mag Flashlite.
1,More parts for the money pit. I bake quite a bit and replace gears quite a bit also.
1,There is nothing special here. It is a blunt cake icing knife. It won't get under the print unless I use a razor blade to first lift an edge. It would be better if the tip were sharpened.
1,Does not stick well at all.
1,I purchase this filament from B&H.	Very poor quality printing. It comes in a cartridge with contacts to communicate with the XYZ 3D printer.	The XYZPrinting software automatically set the printing parameter for extruder and bed temperature. I tested it against the MonoPrice natural PLA filament on the same XYZ Pro 3-in-1 printer with matching parameters. The result clearly shows the XYZ nature filament is rougher.
1,That word heavy duty gets thrown around alot these days. It some how got thrown in this description either intentionally or unintentionally I'm not sure but that's not how I would describe these wheels.	A fairer description would mention medium to light much more often. The rubber peeled off at the first corner. How fast was I going you ask? How fast do you think? These are nice wheels for 50-75 lbs.
1,This tape is absolute crap.  My father-in-law had a stroke.  We had to move him and mom into our house.  There was no time to play games.  Get packed and get moved.  I used this tape.  EVERY SINGLE BOX FELL APART!!!  On most of them, the tape just peeled away from the box while sitting there.  No, there was not humidity.  No, it was not too cold.  I hung plastic in the basement with it.  Came down 2 hours later, all the plastic is on the floor.  Some was on wood, most on duct work.  It all fell off.  I need to double-check, but I really hope this wasn't a Prime deal.
1,These are NOT luer lock syringes as shown in the product picture. They have slip on connections. They should be fine if you want a slip on connection, but I need (and expected) a luer lock connection.
1,One coupler was perfect and works great. The other has a bore that is off center and is therefore useless so I only get to use half of the product I paid for.
1,Stopped working after 10 months. No joy getting it fixed or replaced.
1,cheap product, do not buy. I cant hear a single beat. I can hear perfectly with my classmates 3M brand.
1,Normally, this filament has been tops for me but this roll has the worst diameter inconsistency of all. It should have been disqualified at quality control. I didn't see the problem until halfway thru a twenty hour print that failed as the filament drew fat and broke the print free from the platen.  I measured at the stopping and the filament was almost 2mm!!!!!!!!!!	I'd send it back but half the roll was consumed only to fail	Gonna have to give the PETG a wide berth so I don't waste time again
1,Dries in weeks not hours no matter how brown you mix it!
1,I had bought this in April, 2014, I have been using it in my 2nd floor master bedroom since, I had it set up on schedule every weekday while nobody was at home, it worked ok, once in a while I would find it somewhere on the floor nowhere near the base, so I had to pick it up and put it back, the next time it would work fine again.		However the problem became more persistent starting from two weeks ago, it happened everyday for 10 days in a row, so I decided to call this company and tried to get this issue resolved, the 1st time I called, I was asked a whole bunch of questions that gave me the impression that they were trying to deny there was such a problem, there was question about the location of the home base, the distance between the home base and the virtual wall, blah, blah, blah, and this lady told me that I had to watch Roomba while it's working and see if there's any error message that might indicate what the problem is, so that's what I did on Sat. an Sun., the same thing happened, no error message given. So I called them again on Monday, after 20-min's hold time, I was only to be told to run more tests, that's when I said enough is enough and asked to be transferred to a supervisor. Well, she came on and offered more trouble shooting tips and kept me on the floor trying different things to no avail for half an hour, finally she gave up and said they would send me a replacement without a battery or any other accessories. After the hour-long phone call, I received an email from them stating that there's no warranty for the replacement after the original warranty runs out, which from my understanding is you get this piece of junk for $700, after that, you will be out of luck. I will never buy anything from this company again.
1,Pic shows it all. My PTFE based heatbreak worked decent but I wanted to do higher temperatures so I switched over to this all metal one. It fit fine in my e3d hotend but it under extrudes like crazy. Currently using a 0.4mm nozzle, PLA at 190C, and only 1.5mm of retraction due to the bowden tube.
1,I wasn't sure about the size and the price.  This is 24 yds at $8.50.  Homedepot is 35 yds at $8.98.  I paid $4.25 extra for these tapes.  I can't pick on any physical faults and return will cost me $7.  I'm keeping these but I'm letting you know.
1,I just used this hose for the 4th time, and the mail end brass to brass connector leaks. I leaks between the 2 brass pieces there is a seam between them. this is not bent.	I will not be buying this brand hose again!!		I have always stored in the basement clean dry and in a box.
1,It doesn't have much sucking force.
1,I bought and tried this on my heavy duty garden hose...did not stop the leak at all!  Waste of money for sure.  Do not buy this product.
1,Mine is going back , when I even try to just clamp it to the edge of the table it leans from the pressure of the thumb screw.  I am glad I purchased the SE 8433MVC Mini Aluminum Table Vise here on Amazon because it is a much better mini vise.
1,I have used these for years, but the current production is of inferior steel. Very soft and does not cut well at all. Suitable only for soft metals. Irwin seems to have outsourced the production to the lowest bidder.
1,This filament was a terrible experience for me.  I received a broken spool (the box wasn't damaged), and while most of the damage was on one of the spool flanges, this meant I couldn't use my roller-bearing spool holder, which cradles spools by their flanges on roller bearings.		Ok, I thought, so the spool flange is cracked, but the filament looked ok, so I dug out my home-made spool holder, set up my printer, and started a print.		I use a raft in all of my prints:  thick first layer, one middle layer, and two top layers.  No sooner had the printer completed the middle layer of the raft when I heard my home-made spool holder make a noise from behind the printer.  The filament was tangled, had bound up, and snapped my poor DIY spool holder as my printer's extruder motor yanked at the spool.  Yes, I know that filament tangles don't happen at the factory, but at the hands of consumers by not ensuring the filament never unravels.  I had maintained tension on the filament as I loaded it into my printer.  Furthermore, I still have some old spools of PLA from my early 3D printing days in which I let the filament unravel, but I was easily able to rewind a few turns of filament and the problem was resolved.  The filament seemed very haphazardly wound on the spool, and about 1/3 of the way unwinding it in an attempt to rewind it, multiple strands of filament had bound up, preventing further unwinding.		I couldn't believe it.  I've bought several different brands of PLA and PETG over the years, and I've never had problems with a new spool of filament like this.  I contacted Amazon, sent the spool back and got my money back.		Did I just get that one bad spool out of a thousand or more?  Maybe.  But I will not be buying this brand of filament again nor will I recommend it to anyone.
1,Would rate higher if it wasn't for the white powered residue it leaves behind
1,Easy to strip. Heads are soft and rust after short time. Looks as coated, not stainless.
1,I received this item in gray color instead of black, which is very disappointing. It does not match my fixtures color.
1,Dead on arrival - neither battery worked		This company requires that you pay to return it - not happy
1,I wish they would have listed these as being way too short to do anything useful with.
1,Ear pieces so uncomfortable they are actually painful. Does not feel very durable... Flimsy even.
1,This thing is the worst. It does not work, and I tried everything. My lerdge board supports it directly in firmware, I even got my oscilloscope out to make sure that the signals were correctly being sent to the device. They were, and it still did not work, the pin would never lower even though I was giving it the correct pulse train to lower the pin. Don't bother the documentation sucks, support sucks, and the company sucks. I would have loved it if it worked. I can't even get my money back because I had to modify the board (cut the trace to make it 3.3v compatible) still did not work. Please don't wast your time or money on this hunk of garbage. Plus Toms review said this is the least accurate homing device out there.
1,JUNK DO NOT BUY !!!!
1,Not  12X12 inches, It appears to be metric size (30cm) being passed off as 12 inch.
1,MUCH too round...bulky to the point of being in the way wherever one puts this large can. No lid, no wheels and hard to cart around when full. I wound-up getting another one which was more narrow, rectangular and which had wheels. This was far too expensive for something without a lid or wheels. I can't use this one, and it is going to be donated to a recycling center.
1,much better tape out there, doesnt stick good.
1,I had been impressed with hatchbox PLA so I gave the ABS a try.  Pops constantly - this is immediately after opening the sealed spool (no leaks, desiccant and all).  Hard to get good print quality when you're getting so many tiny explosions.
1,Ordered 5/16" DIA but received 3/8" DIA.  Item is in good condition, but unusable to me.  Not worth having someone turn this to the diameter I need.
1,I bought this and installed it on my Flashforge Creator Pro, and have been disappointed.  The print quality was no better than the stock parts, the work required to install this thing was ridiculous, and it ended up not only fouling and jamming more often, but actually managed to extrude outside and through the threads, clogging up the whole right side nozzle and mechanism.  I pulled it out, installed the original PTFE tube and nozzle after a quick soak in acetone, and the printer is running like new again.  Maybe there's something to this thing that's an improvement, but it sure didn't demonstrate it in my book.  Feels like an item that was made to cash in on people's desire to "upgrade" the new and trendy 3d printing world, that doesn't actually do anything other than take your time and money away.  I'm not going to even remove it from the heating block, just not worth the time and hard work to get it it and hammer the bloody thing out.  Spend the $.50 and just get some new nozzles and tubing when the old stuff starts to wear.
1,THE PHOTO OF THE PRODUCT WAS THE SAME AS I HAVE PURCHASED FOR MAYBE 20 YEARS.		WHEN IT ARRIVED IT WAS TINY.  THERE WAS HARDLY ENOUGH GOO FOR ONE CPU.		VERY UNHAPPY ABOUT THE PRESENTATION ON AMAZON.  NO WARNING I WAS ORDERING		A SUBSTANDARD QUANTITY.
1,I'm shocked, because normally this is a great product and consistent. The spool I received has been problematic. After a good drying, it is stringy and jams. One nozzle jam, at 220C and many extruder jams, leaving my hot end empty. Many inconsistent builds with skips. I am very disappointed with a product, I use to depend on.
1,Worse product to use! All the parts are super sharp, and when you open it to measure, the long thin part stretches out at the bottom, and is also super sharp!  I also bought a nice Digital camera, and had these pieces in a container with some other stuff not realizing how sharp this item was, and it scratched the whole display lens!  So it also damaged my new camera!  Every time I try to use this gauge to measure watch dials, or other things, it keeps poking me, and it hurts.  I don't know why it is so sharp, but it's like a sharp knife on each side, and the end piece that slides out.  Don't get this if you don't want to be poked with a sharp object that can pierce your skin, or damage anything around it!! Wish I could get my money back, and them pay for my new camera!
1,Trash. Sprinkle a little water on these things and it'll stop working instantly. Had to buy three more just because of that issue. Needs to be water proof
1,I owned this funnel for about a month before it broke. To be expected with glass, but this glass feels a little cheap. I got aluminum funnels the second time around (cheaper, more durable, stupid easy to clean).
1,They look like the typical push-on alligator clips commonly shipped with DMMs from the major manufacturers like Fluke, Extech, and Ideal.  However these are poorly designed imitations.  The push on receptacles are completely different from other designs.  The common decent quality push on connectors are round (quazi-cone shaped) holes that are large enough to receive the test lead pin easily and without missing.  They get tighter at the tips to hold the test lead.  These are designed with a small round hole that is tight...  So small and tight in fact that you have to visually inspect the probe and attempt to insert the probe though this tiny hole.  And assuming you actually make it and insert the probe in this very tight receptacle...you end up stretching it and shortening it's usable life.  Honestly, don't waste your money.  Spend a little more and buy a name brand.
1,Soft as painters cocking. It is not useful when sanding and painting is the next step. Perhaps as a breast implant... ;)
1,This sheds metal onto concrete and leaves a permanent stain. Junk.
1,tip was not in properly and broke off as i tried to unscrew itnot very good returned
1,It said it was 24" and it is not.  It is 23 3/4".  My design called for 24" so I had to redesign my project.  Other than that the product is fine.
1,Wanted another digital thermometer /hygrometer for another room & foolishly went with this acu-rite junk when I should've bought same 1 I had. Temp off by a good # of degrees & humidity way off.		 I have a no frills, inexpensive basic as it gets 1 that says Thermo meter on bottom & it's insanely accurate.  Fast reads too. Then this acu-wrong junk & another crap brand that reads 19% humidity all the time, except in excessive humidity which will read around 21%. Wrong! Both r fancier than my perfect basic 1 but useless.  I'll take my boring looking, super accurate 1 all day over these junkers.
