0,Two people who have known each other and craved each other for years but do not know each other's  professional names....what fun.
0,This series is a pure delight!  Check out the free copy of the first book in the series, and if you like it, go ahead and buy the bundle.  Each one ends on a cliffhanger, so you'll have to read them all.  (The fourth book does have a more solid ending.)  This is young-adult steampunk at its best!
0,I loved this book because it gave the reader the background to the personality of the Edenbrook book. I loved Edenbrook and have read that book a few times.
0,Sigh...I loved this book. It was humorous, sexy, spontaneous, goofy, yet with spots of seriousness thrown in the mix. I loved watching Amber and Barry grow throughout the book.  Going from two people more likely to never date to two people destined to be together. A funny, charismatic character,  you will fall in love with Barry and his uniquely geeky charms, just the way I did.
0,Wonderful story line. Very suspenseful. Highly recommended. Fell in love with the boy from the basement. Very well written.so awesome
0,Iris Bolling has gone it again. The Nick and Erika story was fascinating because of the cat and mouse game they played. I also like being able to  get a look at Vernon and Rene relationship. And you also get to see what kind of person Issac Singleton really is.  A must read book.
0,This set of books is great.  Each book is complete, and by a different author.  All were super on their own, each different, and each so filled with love.
0,Ben has a lot of passion and sensitivity involved in this book. Once again, he grabs and you have to hold on till the last page of the story. You are ready for the next installment. Thanks again Ben Hale
0,Another Cherry Adair book that I adored.	Emily Greene,  lost her mentor Daniel Aries in an apparent sucide and his son Max is the last person she wants to see since he broke her heart by just disappearing. Max knows his father's death is not what it appears, as he is a T-Flac agent sent to break an terrorist organization that is killing of Renaissence Art Restorers.	Max must protect Emily, solve his father's death and thwart the Black Rose plot. Along the way he re-ignites the passion with Emily from a year ago.
0,Violet and Rocky meet under unusual circumstances, and it seems like they are complete opposites who seem like they would never have anything in common. But chemistry is chemistry, right? The story of how their relationship unfolds is full of twists and turns, excitement and chaos, happiness and fear, and it will have you rooting for them all the way. Violet is feisty and fiery. Rocky is a tough guy with what ends up being a heart of gold. The detour isn't as dirty as you might think because the story is more about two people getting together in the wildest of ways. It's not all about sex for them, which makes the story even more interesting and emotionally layered. The side characters all all very entertaining, as well, and you can visualize them based on the descriptions, dialogue and mannerisms. I also loved all of the zombie references for reasons most of you will not understand.		This is the third book I've read by this author - and is now my favorite. I took my time reading it because as much as I wanted to know what was going to happen next, I also wanted the story to go on and on so I could get to know Violet and Rocky even better. You MUST READ this book!
0,Once again, Mr. Robinson has written another winner. A highly intense story, with more excellent character progressions and a few twists along the way. If you haven't picked up this book yet, you're committing an act of self abuse, by neglect. This book is going to scream up the charts because quite frankly, it deserves it.
0,I received and ARC copy of Katy Regnery's Marrying Mr. English Part 1 in exchange for an honest review. I have, however, pre-ordered the anthology and plan to read it all of the stories. Plus, 100% of the proceeds will be donated the Autism Society of America.		For fans of the English Brothers series, this is the story of how Tom and Eleanor English (their parents) met and fell in love. This can be enjoyed as a standalone novella even if you haven't read any of the English Brothers books, but be warned, you will be hooked.		I have read all of the English Brothers books and have "met" Tom and Eleanor, but it is great to hear their story. In this novella we see a different side of these two that we are not afforded in their sons' stories. Theirs is a sweet story that starts out as a marriage of convenience but could end up as something much more. And although we all know how their story turns out in the end, I find myself anxious for part 2 to read more about their journey.
0,Excellent book, just a little short this time for me.  I am looking forward for the next installment of the series.
0,If you love multiple sex partners or just the thought of them this book is the one for you  what a good sexy love story  I'm going to look for moe books from this author
0,Fast paced thriller with lots of well-developed characters. An evil assassin with an unstoppable bag of deadly tricks meets an assault marine that won't quit until one or both of them are dead.		An evil assassin with an unstoppable bag of deadly weapons meets an assault trained black-ops marine that is ready to tangle until one or both of them are dead. The outcome takes the reader through the last page of this fast-pacer thriller with enough turns and twists to keep the action rolling.
0,These stories are all very interesting and the characters were fantastic in each story.  I thoroughly enjoyed each of them.  The characters were outstanding in all 3 of the stories.
0,This book is pretty much one of the normal "celebrity gets overwhelmed with their life and escapes to find romance with normal person" type story, BUT..... I highly enjoyed it. Even though we have seen this type of romance many times, it was a really good read and I loved the characters. We first met Paige in book #1, but didn't really see too much of her.		I thought this book was a lot better than the first book of the series, but then again it was longer, so there was more time for character development and plot.		Paige was a Americas Sweetheart. Always the good girl and never attracting bad publicity until her boyfriends cheats on her. She wants to take a break and find herself and try to be normal again, if just for a little while, to figure out what she wants to do and where she wants to go with her life. She decides leaving town and running off to who knows where would be a good idea, so off she went.		Her car breaks down and she meets Tatum. He helps her out and takes her to a bed and breakfast in the small town owned by his mom.		Tatum is a brooding character from the start. He's had some bad things happen to him in the past that make him hesitant to trust anyone. He's kind of a dick sometimes, but has a good heart. I really liked his character.		Quinn is Paige's best friend, and the 3rd book in the series is going to be about her, so I'm looking forward to reading the next one when it comes out.		The whole rason that Paige leaves LA in the first place is to discover herself and be able to live her life the way she wants to, not how other people want or expect her to. By the end of the book she grows into a stronger woman that stands up for herself, and I liked that.		All in all it was an enjoyable read. I definitely recommend you give it a try :)
0,Enjoyed the story, have read more of this author
0,This book is brilliant. I could not put it down, start to finish. Luckily I didn't have to. I cried and cried and then cried and cried some more, and I almost never do that. It was beautiful and touching, and highlighted all the best aspects of being human and kind and loving. Just wow.
0,Amazing
0,I really enjoyed this murder mystery with its well-developed, complex characters involved in an intricate storyline with plenty of twists to keep you guessing.  Quite a bit of sex, violence, and language.
0,STORY	I hadnt read or listened to a Reapers MC story in a long time and it felt good to jump back in! Despite my terrible memory + how long it has been, I didn't have any problem falling right back into the groove, recognizing most of the brothers. Most importantly, I absolutely loved the chaotic relationship between Melanie and Painter. As always, Joanna Wylde did an excellent job of creating tension, passion and emotion in this installment. My only complaint is that Ms. Wylde wrote a prequel about Melanie and Painter yet she put it at the very, very end as an authors note/bonus!! If you're reading this review and haven't read REAPERS FALL yet, I highly recommend listening to this bonus/prequel BEFORE reading/listening to this book!		PERFORMANCE	I listened to the audiobook narrated by Nelson Hobbs and Saffron Martindale. I assume that both of these narrators have a lot of experience and/or are trained actors as they both delivered believable, error-free performances. they truly did an excellent job!
0,After reading book one of the Inside Her series, its good to have HEA closure and mature characters who deal well with drama. The characters were better developed as the story progressed.  The book was well paced and a quick easy read.  Thanks Lucia!!
0,Only non violent book in series, this seasonal feel good effort touches base with many good characters from the series and designs an appropriate present or presents for each one.
0,It was a short and sweet love story. The former bully turned into a nice guy and the former victim finds out he liked her and didn't know how to show it.
0,Oh man, this was one hawt read. Personally my favorite of the whole series. I love how dominant and possessive the hero is. The H/h love story begins with heroine rejecting her mail order husband. She ends up living in a saloon with her brother while she works to go back home. The hero is smitten and tries to go about getting heroine's attention. Unfortunately, he goes about it a little too strong;) After his attempts to get her attention fail, he makes a move to take possession of heroine by blackmailing her into marrying him. The situation is dire and he pretty much tells her how things are going to go down. He was so hawt for heroine that the love scenes were pretty intense. You definitely read how obsessed he was with her and that carries over to the wedding night. He is out to conquer and put his stamp of ownership on his leading lady. Their is another conflict and resolution, before nice epilogue.		I want to also mention heroine's brother is good 2nd character in this book. You can tell he really is trying to help but he is just a boy. He makes it worst but thankfully the hero was watching in the sidelines. The reason I mention the brother is because I was hoping for his own book, but instead you read about his HEA in the next book in the series. He is mentioned in the epilogue of that book. Such as sweet, protective boy.		I really enjoyed this book. He is an anti hero. So yes, I can see how some may find his method strong and overpowering. However, I loved it! Love scenes were scorching hawt. Hero was crazy dominant. Heroine was sweet but feisty. Highly recommend this book. No cheating. Safe read. Could be considered light dark read. Has some nice spanking scenes included into the sexual scenes. Hero was heroine's first, but what a way to lose it;)
0,A friend recommended this one to me, and it was a nice surprise. I let it sit on my wishlist for awhile because erotica isn't a genre I prefer as it's often poorly written with bad story-lines.		Skye Warren is a good writer. She's descriptive and her writing style is unique and well-styled. Well done.
0,SEALed with a Kiss is a "military romance" where a SEAL falls for an older civilian woman. Fortunately, there is no SEAL abuse in this novel (defined as author contorts active duty SEALs into alternate roles like bodyguard, law enforcement, witness protection, or other out-of-character actions) as the romance occurred strictly in off-duty leave times. It was fun if a bit short read.		Alison Garrett had been burned by a younger lover and vowed never to do it again, despite going to a party held by SEALs and encountered a hunky SEAL Evan Jenkins, call sign "Flip", a man only a few years younger. Despite being turned down, Evan was persistently nice, and eventually he wore down Alison's resistance. But a misunderstanding and a deployment left a lot of things unsaid. Then Evan was severely injured on a mission...		I personally think the combat portion was a bit... meh, as there wasn't much action there to screw up, but the aftermath was what really lead to the romance. And the push-pull between FMC and MMC was the heart of the romance. Rather enjoyable.
0,I received an ARC of this book in exchange for an honest review.		This is the first book by cynthia Dane I have read.  I like her style of writing.  It reads almost like literature from the 18th century, but with a modern day theme.  I enjoyed the book, but wished I had read the series prior to this one, and there is obviously a backstory.  All throughout the book Monica keeps referring what happened to her before with her previous Dom, Jackson.  She is attracted to Henry but is somewhat hestiant because of her prior experience.  Henry seems almost too good to be true.  He asks a lot of questions that made me question his sincerity, yet his letters to her are beautiful.  Then of course when she finally gives in there is a blast from her past.		There is a cliffhanger, and I understand that this is the first book in a series.  I look forward to finding out what happens.
0,I found this book very helpfull with easy to do recipies, a lot of interesting tips and	i would definatley recomend it to everyone who loves to cook because there are loads of fantastic recipies.
0,I love this story it had me absorbed in it's world from the very start!		The author states at the very beginning that this is the first book of a series therefore I knew there would be no forgone conclusion to the ending in this one book but I didn't expect the total surprise that unfolded at the end. It compelled me and left me wanting much more so I can't wait for the next book in this series. I feel like my thirst has not been at all quenched yet and I have a need for this story and where it will develop.		Having read this authors work before and enjoying it I am finding with every new release I read from her I'm floored and left stunned after finishing her book. She really is a captivating author from start to finish of a story.		This book dragged me into it's world right from page one. The author delved straight into the depths of the dark story line so there's no build up to the event which I appreciated immensely - there have been many books with stories that dance around the subject far too much before getting to the point. I loved this for grabbing me and gripping me from the get go.	The characters are well developed and brilliantly thought out. The author creates so much mystery to the character Calix that you question him. Question his motivation for his actions, his personality, his plans and his emotional state.	As for the female lead Nova, she is written with such beautiful emotional depth you can relate to her state of mind having just endured such horrific circumstances.		I can't wait to continue this story and see where it leads next .......book two will be definitely one clicked as soon as it's available.
0,This is a story of what can happen when young men make the decision to disclose to to their parents their sexual orientation. Beginning with a suicide attempt, an all too common solution to a temporary problem, it tells the story of two young men who find love, kindness and acceptance together.		The author uses their talent to relate one such story with love and affection in a way that speaks to a YA audience, and yet, it speaks to parents and families of those who may need to see the real dangers of total rejection. Since it begins with Adam's suicide attempt, it appears that his guardian "Angel" may actually have been just that, since it is he who ultimately faces total rejection and faces his worst fear, that of losing his family.		Although he finds acceptance and love with his partner's family, and does have a positive outcome, nothing can ever overcome the fact that through bigotry and religious rejection, he will remain alienated from his own family.		This book has a real purpose. It is a warning to parents to embrace their children and their perceived faults and to love them unconditionally. This can and should be read by both the targeted young adult audience and also by parents who may be struggling with their own child's sexual orientation.		The writing never dumbs down to speak to its audience. It is written for adults, too. It is written with real concern and feeling so that, just maybe, some parents will take heed, and avoid the pain and suffering that they may inflict upon their children. The alternatives are distinctly noted here, suicide, loss of affection, homelessness, and words spoken that can never be taken back. Is it better to lose a child to one of these, to never again have that child's love and affection, or is it possible to be accepting?
0,I like the Hope Falls series.  I this was a good story.  I really enjoy Melanie Shawn's writing.
0,I enjoyed this regency story.  It's a quick read, but I felt satisfied when I finished it.  I thought the way the heroine's scheme kind of backfired on her was hella funny.  She got her man in the end though and that's all that matters.  Lol
0,Very good read. I have enjoyed the entire series. Both of them fell pretty hard for each other and niether was expected
0,This book left me wanting for more. I am a sucker for zombie fiction. Very well written.		** I received a copy of this ebook at no cost in order to read it and provide my opinion of the story. **
0,Wow, I couldn't put the books down. Interesting characters. Everything was so detailed. Talk about close knit family.	Can't wait for next saga.
0,What a delightful read, and a roller coaster ride of emotions.  Going on the ride with Jamie and Miles in their quest to find love and peace was a thrilling adventure.		Its the perfect book to settle down with and while away the evening.
0,Ready to read the rest now - will definitely be finishing this series. Recommended highly for anyone who enjoys fantasy romance
0,This story was about two people who meet when the girl is attacked by two rogue shifters and Etienne rescues her. Recommend this story for those over 18.
0,This was a great read. Had some twists that I really loved. I highly recommend this series.
0,I was totally lost in this book from the first chapter to the last. A very real love story. I LOVED,LOVED,LOVED this story. It is a five star plus !!!!!!!
0,I read this in a day. Had the perfect amount of interesting plot, likable characters and sexual tension.  I liked that the build up to the actual act was well heated, but the actual act wasn't so detailed that it felt like I was reading porn. Can't wait for the next book in this series!
0,True to her talent of story telling, Roxanne St. Claire has set all the pieces of a puzzle in motion! Now, I'm dying to know Gabe's story and what his true mission is in Barefoot Bay. I'm so glad the first book is out- just bought it and am going to binge read it today! Who Hoo! Do yourself a favor and set yourself up, with this book, for her new series. It's going to be a fun ride.
0,Apryl has done it again. This series is so good. It is filled with twists, turns and plenty of drama. Cant wait until the next installment.
0,Told by the surgeon that had the knowledge and the faith to see his way through to passing.  It is very personal and I'm thankful that his wife also added to the story after his passing. Live doesn't promise a certain outcome, only that it will be a path of decisions. How we deal with and make those decisions is up to each of us.
0,Lust, mess, passion, complication, jealously, elation and love... Honestly I think you should read this while listening to formation by Beyonc it just flows perfectly together. I have always wandered what happens when the want fades away.... Kade bring southern charm to complicate love and shows just how powerful " want" actually is
0,Is it his book part of a series and if so whats the reading order.  I've looked and can't find one?
0,Ezra Carmichael is a very complex man of faith. Alexi Grier is a Harlem girl with a father who is in jail, a job to do without the resources to do it and a surrogate mother who is ill. Ezra is on a mission from God, however, his Helpmeet, is somewhat reluctant. He rushes her to commit. She reluctantly does so as she attempts to tempt the man of God with her body.	Ezra is a worldly man, with some very high end tastes. He is very intelligent with well connected friends. Alexi has, her around the way,friends who really are not her friends. Ezra wants Alexi, he sees more in her than she sees in herself. However, his tastes entice and intrigue Alexi. However, she lets him know in no uncertain terms, this covenant will not flow easily..		Cliffhanger that I anxiously wait for the sequel. Look out Christain Grey, we now have Ezra Carmichael to one up you...Good read
0,Divided into two sections: Learning to Listen and Learning to Obey, with discussions questions at the end of each of the fourteen chapters, makes this book a good source for an individual devotional or for a group Bible study. The author uses tons of scripture and real life situations to make her points. This is a good one for any fan of Joyce Meyer.
0,I wish the next one was out!!! Are the Magnus bane books part of the same story line? I there a book 7 coming out or does it change to a different series??
0,Wow this was a wonderfully hot and fast-paced read for me.  Actually, this is the first book of Kim Karrs that Ive had the pleasure of reading, which, for me, worked out extremely well, as an informal introduction to her Connection series.  Dazed was written as a stand-alone novella, which takes place in between Kims full-length Connection series books, so its a great way to learn her writing style and determine your like/dislike prior to committing to another book series.		So I was almost immediately drawn in, mainly because of the cupcakesbut kept reading cause if this author could get me almost to the point of wanting to jump in my car and hunt down some frigging pastriesby sheer cup-cakery description alone; I could only imagine how hooked Id be on the romance aspect of the book.  And Kim Karr didn't disappoint.  For being a novella, I was so impressed with Kims talent of creating characters with an amazing amount of depth and personality.  I found myself invested in the relationship of Aerie & Jagger in a remarkably short amount of time.  Their story was delightfully created with the perfect balance of playful flirtyness, sexy heat and just enough conflict and subsequent resolution to make it completely enjoyable.		4 stars ~Kathy
0,A story of humanity's triumph over extreme adversity. I am looking forward to more stories on how they tame the  Earth again.
0,If you are looking for a great story this is it you should pick up book 1 2	He is all alpha and don't care what anyone thinks but the love of his life	He has to go all out to get her back and she puts up a fight but he loves that	Will she take him back are not
0,I downloaded Rebirth as a free book from Amazon. This book was a delightful surprise, especially as it was free. There was more depth and complexity than I expected, and the plot was fresh and fast-paced. While there is a slight Ewww-factor with a 17 year old and a 'man' of 200+ years, I think the story was well done, and after awhile, Jackie's maturity seemed to lessen the gap between their ages. An excellent read, with engaging characters and a fabulous storyline-- I'll be adding the rest of the series to my TBR list.
0,This was a very good book.
0,AS a long suffering English speaking Perry Rhodan fan, having this book was heaven.	As usual, great writings, lots of twists, this is not straight up space opera. It has its own style	and lots of interesting ideas. Cant wait to read the next one!
0,I really loved this book. It is extreamly well written and described with well developed characters and scenes. I enjoyed book 1 but I loved book 2 and I am really looking forward to book 3. This book is is full of hard spankings and very spicy vivid sex. I highly recommend this book.
0,How delightful to feel so good about a story as it unfolds. With all her hardships Eden was a me to stick with her faith and trust that life would be good again. A sweet,respectful love story. Congratulations on a job well done.
0,I was generously given an ARC and I loved this book! The characters both had issues........they had to both work through them. I actually liked that Miranda and Jake did not fall into bed so quickly.....it was more realistic and showed the growth of the characters. Miranda is a struggling student and has trust issues because of her past boyfriends........Jake has intimacy issues due to a tragic past. I felt Jake's issue with the daughter of the owner was a bit unrealistic and the conclusion of the problem was rushed. Also Miranda's reaction to Jake's "stalker" was disappointing, especially since they were well into their relationship. She should have trusted him more.......at this point of the story, Jake has proven to be a very supportive boyfriend. All in all, it was a very enjoyable read....well worth the time.
0,I love dragons and thoroughly enjoyed this romance.  It was very different with a magical skeleton key.  A modern day romance writer and ancient dragon prince made a great couple.  I love the books by this author, and plan to read more.  I received an advance review copy in exchange for an honest review, and I highly recommend both the author and the book to lovers of this genre.
0,Wonderfully written about 2 parents and trying to find the time to be with one another. Not just that but to explore the cravings that the wife/mother Eliza has wanted sated. Jett a hard working father/husband shows that his love for  Eliza is strong and is willing to work hard to help her. Finding Time is a fantastic book about love and desire, parenthood and spouces. What we each may have gone through somewhat when raising children and keeping the sex life going. A very good book. I would have loved to have read more but maybe there will be a sequel. I would read it.
0,No matter what you have done in your life ,God can make everything new and give you a new life.		No one is perfect .we all have our flaws. It is very touching to read about love stories like this. I hope a lot of people who are in some kind	of place in their life, where they feel hopeless gets a chance to read this book.
0,I love Historical fiction. piper Huguley trilogy is a great read.
0,The Tribulation of Tompa Lee by Edward Hoornaert is actually a continuation of Edward Hoornaert's Tompa Lee Triology. It was easy to follow this book without reading the triology as I was able to understand what had happened in the previous book.	The Tribulation of Tompa is a scifi novel with a touch of romance to it. Tompa Lee is a strong female character that serves as an ambassador to the Shon's planet. She is one force to be reckoned with. She evolved from being a streetwise girl and made her way to the top. Tompa Lee met Awmit, a young man and fell in love with him. The story developed into such a saga that really makes this book an interesting adventure. You will certainly want more with this book and so I hope we get to read what's next? Nice one guys!
0,I loved this book! It was so hot and sexy I loved John and Trudy I hope you write a story about Jefferson and Caroline. If you love a true love story this is it.
0,This was an excellent story. I liked the fact that all four men...typical, hardened, ex-military...gave up there vow of no commitments, just from meeting Amelia. I did not like the fact they accused her of flirting whenever she smiled or was friendly with another guy; however, I do understand that was simply their own insecurities and jealousy, especially as she was trying to keep them at arms length. The storyline itself hooked me from the very beginning and I could not put it down. I am looking forward to reading the next one.
0,I suppose that nearly everyone had that first love that ended badly, painfully, leaving one with a buttload of regrets and the idiotic desire to go back and do it over.  Not gonna happen.  But this marvellous tale is going to delight you, and terrify you as well. It is so well written, so "real" that it leaps off the page and goes straight to your heart.  Don't miss it or you'll regret it.	Jgtimm
0,I need more. They got married at what 18. I need the rest of the story people. This is an amazing series. I couldn't put it down. Book after book. Lackey is a genius. Or I guess by her acknowledgement Chase is a genius for giving life to this story.
0,Awesome, unusual, disturbing, emotionally charged and relentlessly tragic.  Needless to say that I already want the next story. Top notch
0,I received an ARC of this book in exchange for an honest review.		This was a good, enjoyable read about the Sly, a sexy biker who is President of the Great Wolves Motorcycle Club, and Scarlett, an assassin on her last assignment.  The chemistry at the initial meeting between Sly and Scarlett was combustible and super hot.  As always, Jayne Blue excels at well-written, sexy reads. I loved how Jayne Blue swapped around the typical plot line where the male is the assassin--I thought it added a lot to the story.		Sly is a sexy, intelligent, complicated male.  I liked him more than Dex as I liked the additional complexity his character had.  Sly is a super hot, alpha business and "family" man (in terms of looking out and taking care of the club) in the form of a sexy biker.  I like Scarlett a lot but for some reason, she didn't capture my interest as much as Ava.		I liked how Jayne Blue continued the plot theme of the Great Wolves series and her excellent writing makes me want to read more of the Great Wolves series.  Can't wait to read about Colt!
0,It was a good read. Well written without typos. Lots of spankings involved, punishments , domination for sure and of course a love story ending.
0,Friendships revisited, secrets hidden, now revealed. Murder, who did... thought I had it figured out couple times, then totally surprised at end...  don't miss out on this great read...
0,This is not your typical fighter story. It is so much more. Believe by Natalie Gayle is an inspirational, encouraging  look into how people see themselves and how others see them. I was blown away by all the emotions I experienced while reading Believe. Dane, Arinne, and Isaac touched my heart in the most beautiful way.	Dane  is everything a woman would want in a man. He is strong, loyal, sexy and humble. I was moved by his perception of himself. It was refreshing to see a real man's feelings and thoughts. I fell more in love with every word. Natalie Gayle showed that men and women all have insecurities and doubts about themselves.  It is how we face those fears that make us who we are. Dane faces his fears and doubts while learning to love Ari and Isaac.	Arianne is one of the strongest characters I have had the pleasure of reading. She shows strength  and courage. Her past did not destroy her. She survived and made a better life for her and her son, Isaac. I love Isaac. He is an amazing child. I enjoyed watching all the relationships grow . When they grew, the characters grew. I understood why Ari felt the way she did and it was inspiring to see her views and thoughts change over time.	I loved this amazing story. Dane and Air are wonderful. Believe makes you feel. It makes you think. It makes you appreciated life. And it make you believe. Thank you Natalie Gayle.
0,I just loved this story and the characters. I wanted more. Awesome!
0,I loved it! Well written and a great story line. I started reading after I finished another book. I wound up reading until almost 5am and finally put it down. I finished it the following day.		I love the story of Cory and Jake. There were scenes that had me rolling my eyes *cough* airplane scene *cough*, but otherwise absolutely loved it! I loved the whole premise of the restoration tv show and would love to see sequels in this book that follow Cory and Jake (and Mel!) to other projects!
0,Good pair of heroes that does their own thing but as a team. The author always does an excellent job keeping your interest. Worth reading.
0,A hard hitting action packed story of a mission gone very bad.  Innocent children were in the wrong place at the wrong time and whoever provided the bad Intel is determined that their identity stay unknown.  This all woman team is being hunted down and killed. In this installment the men who have spent the last 5 years searching for the truth and keeping these women safe are forced to bring them back together in an effort to stop the killing.
0,The Painted Sky vol 6 Betrayl	By: Murray Pura		After the raid by the Apache's Sheriff Westcott accuses Marianne of killing Ahab Hawthorne.  Now the Sheriff has all the David brothers and the widows held captive. Marianne is being used as bait tied to the front door. This volume is filled with action and will keep you on your toes. There is betrayal! Who do you trust. No matter what is going on they hold to their faith. Lift their prayers up to the Lord to help them. You are gonna be on edge. Who lives?  Another great story written by Murray.  You want some excitement read this series.
0,Very good mail order bride book. First time reading by this author, and I will check out more by Katie!!
0,Good series. I'm waiting for more.
0,This book is a little difficult to read on Kindle because it's a picture book. But It's a wonderful book and worth reading. It has lots of great tips and awesome quality photos
0,See my review on Druid no 6 Plow	I enjoy a good blood thirsty book and these are the series to read
0,The Quest of the Thirteen (The Medallion of Mavinor Book 1) is John DeFilippis is a fantastical novel full of mystery and mythology. It takes on the old system of kings and knighthood while incorporating old legends and creatures to make the novel flow with the medieval feeling you get when reading it. The way DeFillipis uses the thirteen men to start a quest (which I realize thirteen is a commonly used number because of its origins, but nevertheless) reminds me a bit of Chaucer and of J. R. R. Tolkeins novels and the way men were chosen to go out on a mission in order to maintain the worlds balance. I was impressed with the composition of the characters because for having so many, DeFilippis was able to give each character their own unique tag that let you relate to them on some level. I think there are some points of book that have been done before, but I loved reading the book and look forward to reading the next book in the series.
0,I received this book as a ARC from the author.  What I can I say about this book other then I couldn't stop from falling in love with the characters all over again.  I loved how the relationships are ongoing and intertwined.  One of the best parts was the rebirth of Audrey Decker and few on the world.  Jeremiah Jordan just makes you want to fall in love with him as a man and a single father.  It is great that you can continue to watch he rest of the characters.  You won't be disappointed in this book cause once again A.D. Ellis has found a way to write a great book that sucks the reader in every step of the way.
0,It's free on other sites
0,Reincarnation: a philosophical or religious belief that asserts the soul of the deceased may come to life in another form that is dependent on their moral character in the most recent life.  Most simply, you are reincarnated for a second chance to get things right, or to do better in your life.  As the fundamental tether that binds this story of past and present, Conor has done it all right but for one thing: he never found love.	Through a traumatic injury, a mysterious death and an illuminated manuscript Conor finds his dreams come to life as he travels back in time to have another chance to reconnect with his soul mate.		Beautiful prose bring this unique premise to life, Valentine manages to craft a story rich in history and description that ignites curiosity and entertains from beginning to end.  Mixing past and present, dream sequence and reality all manage to bring Conor's character and personality forward: strong, honorable, honest and confident his only sticking point is a fear of love.  So many of the qualities that have been ascribed to the Templar Knights are apparent in Conor, but more than that his determination to solve the mysteries that flood into his conscience have made him a hero that was easy to appreciate and like.		While it started a touch slowly, this story quickly picks up in pace and reaches in to tug at your imagination and heartstrings.  Getting a chance for a do-over is such an intriguing premise, adding in a romance, historical and fantastical imaginings make this a book that was both an enjoyable and memorable read.		I received an eBook from the author for purpose of honest review. I was not compensated for this review: all conclusions are my own responsibility.
0,Loved it. This series just keeps getting better and better. Sofie was a little mean to Calvin in this one, maybe a little deserved trying to make him earn his way back, but I enjoyed it some. She was torturing him and herself!! I am not sure what Wade is up to, but I can't wait to see how that unfolds. Loved the cliffhanger, I sure hope that Kelly doesn't keep us waiting for long to see how it ends.
0,I knew Erie had something to do with this supposedly robbery. She was tired of her husband beating on her just to go running to Palace. I know he looked crazy to find out that her baby was not his but he still paying for another man to lay up in the house that he paid for so another man could be laid up. Wow what happened to his wife her new beau isn't being faithful either whoa what will happen when everyone paths cross.
0,Author John Hayes is the only person, so far, who has said something so spot on about the whole franchising business: it all boils down to asking a lot of questions. And indeed, his book, `101 Questions to Ask before you Invest in a Franchise' consists of ALL the helpful questions you need to ask yourself (and your prospective business partners/franchisor) to make sure you're actually making the right decision.		Even now, despite the experience of many people, franchising still has that `halo' of being `easy'. Many people choose the franchising route when they're engaging in business for the first time, fully believing that it's a more "proven" way to succeed in business. After all, you're franchising an already proven brand name, right? As it turns out, the real hard answers are not written in black and white. While franchising can be relatively easy, it's really not for everyone. And if you've already issued that check to that salesman, then it's probably too late to ask the right questions. But for those who are still trying to decide whether or not to enter the franchising business, Hayes's book will at least lead you to the right direction.		I ended up reading this book because of Hayes's other excellent book about franchising, the `Buy "Hot" Franchises Without Getting Burned', which can greatly complement this one (check it out and also get a copy of it if you're serious about franchising). But on its own, this book contains a lot of actionable information you can use NOW. After all, if there's anyone who can best write a comprehensive book about franchising, it would be none other than Hayes--the very same author who wrote the now-seminal book on the subject about thirty years ago, called `Franchising: The Inside Story'. This book is your best "pre-franchising" investment--get a copy and avoid making the same regrettable mistakes so many others did. Highly recommended!
0,This is an enjoyable holiday novella. May thought she had her future mapped out for her that was until she met the hero, William. This was a well matched pair. Did I mentioned it was hot. Some of your pages will sizzle. This was a page turner. Kept me turning the pages until I reached their happily ever after.
0,One More Night With Her Desert Prince is by Jennifer Taylor and is a medical romance.  It is set in the beautiful imaginary country of Azad, a desert country. The country is governed by King Faisal, Prince Khalids father.  Although he is only second to the throne, until his brother has a son, he is being groomed as if he were to be King.  That means, he must marry soon and begin his own family.  Whom will he choose?	Dr. Samantha Warren, Sam to her friends, is a well-known obstetrician in London and is working towards getting her consultant position.  She had known Prince Khalid earlier and was getting over her broken heart when he left.  Her background left much to be desired, the main thing now being her brother was in prison.  She was determined, however, never to desert her brother when he got out.  She had risen well beyond her beginnings; but they continued to be a presence in her life.  Now Prince Khalid was back and wanting her to join an expedition of mercy to his nomadic homeland.  How could she refuse to help women?	Prince Khalid was determined to use his skills as a surgeon to help the nomadic tribes of his country and to bring along a group of doctors and nurses to help the women and children of the tribes.  He had to proceed carefully as women were only allowed to be treated by women and men by men.  Luckily, Peter Thompson, a long-time friend was willing to help find the doctors.  The only obstetrician available was Sam.  Could he work with her for several months, knowing he still loved her?  Would she work with him?	Prince Khalid had no choice but to accept Sam on the mission.  Once she was convinced he was on a professional level, she accepted.  Could they manage to stay professional when so many personal feelings lay between them?  Will the beautiful desert nights work their magic?
0,I really enjoyed reading Once Upon A Fling. It is not a paranormal romance which is what I've been into lately, but it was a fun read anyway.
0,I have read this book 3 times and each time I read it, I was amazed at how Becky Doughty wrote this very powerful story. A story of any couple in America, struggling with marriage because of job loss or one spouse not working to satisfy the other. This story is about affairs, forgiveness, love, fighting for your marriage, and Becky Doughty also touches on alcoholism.	I guarantee if your marriage is struggling or you know someone who is, this book is for them! This book is for MEN & WOMEN! Great book!!!
0,In this book Flynn brings together characters from two different series, and If you have read the predecessors then it will all makes sense. John Tall Wolf meets Chief Ron Ketchum. A good read that I really enjoyed!
0,This is a well written, fun to read romance.  Time traveling from the 14th century had to be the most frightening thing anyone  could do. This story evoked multiple emotions while I read, happiness, fear, sadness and excitement.
0,I don't think there is anything I can say about this series and the author other then amazing.		It is a story that will take you, your reactions and feelings in so many directions, it will keep you hipnotized and spellbound. Ms. Hawkins is in my opinion a genious in how she brings the reader into the storyline.		As an avid reader, I have read books from giants like, Laura Wright, Lara Adrian, Alexandra Ivy, and Kresley Cole to name but a few and I feel that Jessica Hawkins is definitely in that same category.		There is no way for me to give this book justice but explaining the story line or giving you teasers/spoilers, my only advise is that you purchase it, you will not regret it and I can confidently  guarantee you will not want to stop reading her books.		This is the the 3rd (or 4th including the 2.5 Beau's POV), and while I look forward to the 4th and final installment, I am also dreading it as it will end Beau and Lola's story.  My consolation is knowing that I have found an incredibly talented author who I will continue to follow for many years to come.		Ms. Hawkins is in my opinion a genious in how she brings the reader into the storyline, I have become not only your fan but your stalker .
0,as described
0,This a quick fun read. Mostly about their few interludes with a few bouts of them running from gunman. Great for a quick read as long as you don't expect a whole lot of details about the characters in general or what exactly they are running from or for. I was provided with an ARC in exchange for a honest review.
0,I received a copy of this story in exchange for an honest review.	This series had me enraptured, I love the characters and their stories, who doesn't love a handsome Scotsman. The settings and concept where intriguing and kept my interest throughout. A definite recommended read, I can't wait to read more from this author :)
0,I really enjoyed reading this first installment of the Shifter Series. Totally captivated. A breath of fresh air. The characters are well developed, Cassidy is a plus size curvy, sassy Author that writes in the shifter genre. She's not some Barbie wanna be.  Her new editor, Abe McKeon happens to be a Rocky Mountain Grizzly Shifter who is new to the area after walking away from a bad marriage some years ago. Now he's looking for a mate. He is especially taken with Cas during their first meeting, but what happens next over the following 24 hrs has him sure of one thing.... He needs to be fired, because she's going to be his mate....... this story has some of the funniest laugh out loud moments and antics I've read in a while.
0,I had so much fun listening to this audiobook!	Gunning For Angels is a murder mystery featuring Jack, a private investigator, who discovers that one of his numerous one-night stands has produced Enid, a 16-year-old who has run away from home to find her father. Enid is a determined girl with plenty of attitude who is wise beyond her years but also very lost. It was so much fun following the budding relationship between irrepressible Enid and her lothario father who has no idea how to cope with a teenage daughter.	Then theres Bud, a police detective whose health is suffering, who has marital issues and whose son has just dropped out of medical school.	The case being investigated actually became almost a secondary part of the entire story as I was so focused on the characters and their interactions with each other. There was a lot going on with the characters trying to cope with their personal lives while simultaneously being entangled in a murder investigation and then further murders and chaos ensued.	Gunning For Angels is C. Mack Lewiss fiction debut and what a debut it is. She has a wonderful way with words. I loved the quotes at the start of each chapter and how the theme of angels kept turning up in the descriptions and dialog. The writing flowed really well. The entire audiobook was a fast-paced thrill ride with very funny dialog and well-drawn characters I fell in love with. As this was Fallen Angels Book 1, I now desperately want book 2. There is no cliffhanger.		I absolutely loved John Bells narration. If you prefer audiobooks to be read out in a straightforward manner, you won't agree with my 5-star rating. John Bell delivers a dramatic performance and he sounds as if he puts his heart and soul into it. He has a distinct voice for each and every character, and there are quite a few. His voices may be a little on the extreme but because of the wonderfully eccentric cast of characters and the humor involved, this totally worked for me in this case. I didn't find any issues with the production.	A trigger warning: the story involves human trafficking and sexual abuse of minors.	Highly recommended if you enjoy witty detective stories and gritty mysteries!	Audiobook provided for review by the audiobookreviewer dot com
0,This is the second book in the Soul Mate Bureau Series. It is a time travel novella. William goes to the Soul Mate Bureau to find his mate. The witch can send him to his mate and he has one week to find and mate her or lose her forever. Constance is a woman in a man field of work. She is a blacksmith. Countess Fiona wants William for herself and is not used to hearing no. This is a standalone novella with a HEA ending. I enjoyed this short novella, I liked the characters and how they interacted with each other. I liked the story line and cant wait to read more of this series. I received this free story in exchange for an honest review.
0,If you like MMF Books this a good one to enjoy. It is about couple who adds a third person in for fun. Then realize they want more & turns into a relationship.  The sex is very hot!! I enjoy the story too the characters are very believable.
0,And kept me coming back for more. Best free book I've read in a long time... even worth paying for! Can't wait for future books.
0,What a curious story!  Tonys vacation is called off due to a hurricane, but he gets stuck in the airport with weather delays, leaving him with a dead phone and laptop.  Returning to his gate from foraging efforts in the terminal, he finds a younger man in the corner Tony had been claiming, but since theres no alternative seating available, he plops himself down next to the man.		Ken is a child prodigy with a PhD at 18, finally out from under the familys thumb, and is excited to head to New York to interview potential team members to fill a practical applications gap in his group.  After some time together, the two head off to find food and end up sharing an intimate encounter in a semi-private place.		When Ken later discovers that Tony is one of the applicants for Kens team and that Tony has a serious psychological crush on the as-yet unknown Dr. Ikeda, he decides not to reveal himself.  How will this play out when they reach New York?		I liked the premise of this story.  Having been stuck in an airport myself due to weather, I know how interminable it can seem, and adding in the stress of meeting an idol, or potentially <i>not</i> meeting an idol due to delays just compounds things.		This is well written technically, but I didn't connect well to Tony.  He had a lot of preconceived notions and stereotypes about the Japanese that he kept spouting off, and I was surprised at the near-constant stream of it.  Kens seductive ingenuity was sweet, but I was surprised that there was no chastisement in even the most basic sense to Tony's presumptions.  That didn't ring true to me.  That said, the chemistry between the two is strong, and with Kens age and having just experienced his first sexual encounter, I will concede that forgiveness might be due to the excitement from that.		I realize this was a short story, but to not show any indignation or even the remotest upset at being deceived was another area that felt false to me.  At the very least there I would think there would be hurt feelings to be overcome.  In the end, I enjoyed the story, but felt like it needed more emotional content than was presented.  Im rating it at 3.5 stars, rounding up for sites that don't accept halves.		***Review copy of Relativistic Phenomena provided by the author, Kate Pavelle, for an honest review.***
0,I've been a fan of Barbara Erskine's books since I first read Lady of Hay over twenty years ago. I wasn't over keen on her last book The Darkest Hour but feel she's back on track with this one.		Miranda, Andy to her friends, goes to stay in Sleeper's Castle to house sit for her friend Sue, who is going to Australia for a year. It comes at the perfect time for Andy as she has just lost her partner of ten years and also her home and possessions to her partner's ex-wife who appears to be slightly unhinged.		Staying at Sleeper's she meets lots of new friends. Ella and Roy run a bookshop in Hay, Sian is a friend of Sue's who lives nearby and Bryn is the gardener who comes and goes as he pleases and appears to be quite surly. Then we have the mysterious Meryn who is mentioned a lot but doesn't appear until half way through the book.		Andy is a sensitive person and can sense ghosts. When she stays in Sleeper's Castle she starts to 'time slip' in her dreams. She goes back to the time of uprising and revolution between Wales and England.		Here she encounters Catrin and her father Daffyd who live in Sleeper's centuries before. Their housekeeper, Joan and a young boy Peter also live there. Edmund, Joan's brother is called on to assist Catrin's father. He and Catrin fall in love but there are many obstacles in their path.		This book is all action. The happenings of the past and present combine. There are lots of factual people from the past in the story as well as the fictional characters. And let's not forget the mad ex-wife and a cat with a very supercilious expression.		This is a fantastic read. History abounds here and the fictional story is every bit as good. The writing is superb as usual. Be prepared for sleepless nights if you start this book. You won't be able to put it down.
0,I love the Bubba books they make me laugh and the character names are unique
0,An anonymously written tome, The Story of a Baron, has the reader yo-yoing between perspectives. What is real? Who is real?		Jeffrey Althorpe has secretly written a book about his own imagined romance with a girl he has become infatuated with, yet doesn't really know. Because of this very book, he comes to know her and learns that he likes her very well indeed.		Evangeline is a sweet, lonely and lovely bluestocking who has unknowingly garnered the baron's attention. So much so that he has made her the heroine in his book. Over the course of a week's encounters they get to know one another and naturally sparks fly.		I find Linda Rae Sande's books to be just the right type of quirky for me. This story was no exception. Her characters are very likable and you just want them to succeed.		What I like most is that she has so many to explore and I have not even scratched the surface yet.
0,A very quick read of a very sweet couple (Grace and Michael) that engage in anal sex in a very intimate, private and (once again I will use the word) sweet manner. Hay, you never know until you try and Grace enjoyed every second of it!
0,Jenny is counting the days until her wedding. She has a bit of a concern as her fiance Rich seems to be getting more distant by the day.  Those concerns and her fairytale blow up when she walks in on him and someone else. With her wedding cancelled she finds herself left with nothing, Oh except for the really HOT, and Sexually adventurous Warren.
0,Witty and fun and almost the most unbelievable tale I have ever read.  Did that bother me or the storyline, NOT AT ALL!  It was a fun ride.  I loved Isis, Melinda, and her God Robbers, Odin, Zeus, and Thor.  What a way to be taken hostage.  I would get in line to go with that crew.  HOT, HOT, HOT.		It was so hot that it could have melted the pages right off the Kindle.  I loved that Melinda was as adventurous as the robbers and that she was able to meet them on their own terms and to hold her own even with all the odds against her.  I also loved that Paris Hilton quilt and how she was able to foil her skin flint employer and save the farm from his dastardly clutches.		It is also a nicely written by an amazingly  talented author of a magnificent and original tale.  I think if you can just go with it you find it was a once in lifetime adventure for you too.  Read and Enjoy.
0,I am pleased with this book.  It has some good tips and some new tips.  I find this to be well written and easy to understand.  I downloaded this book when it was free in exchange for my honest opinion.
0,Her first time meeting Caleb he yells at her and her daughter, but things take a turn.  From hate to love all seems good until the past meets the present.
0,I received this ARC in exchange for an honest review.		I loved this book, it was a very interesting read. Definitely worth buying!
0,I have read all three of these books and I am so impressed with Morgans ability to draw me into the story and make me feel like I am right there. I was unable to put them down, each book as good as the next. The battles are violent but not graphic, we get a true lesson in the meaning of honor. There are so many really amazing characters, each with their own colorful story. If you like dragons, magical beings, valiant nights and killing trolls your going to love these books. ON MY HONOR!
0,I liked it.  It was a nice read.  It didn't'  drag on with over telling of  the characters' emotions of every moment of the story.  I liked the  2 main characters.  I cared about  what happened to them.  Simple as that.
0,A good read about Sam and Carla who knew each other growing up, he had a bad reputation as a man whore, and her as a knowledge thirsty student. Years later, after a bad break up their paths again cross.
0,Short story, but gets into the the action and the characters quickly, enjoyed the story
0,I loved reading this book! The ending could be a bit more detailed and told from Ethan's perspective. After all the buildup through the story about how he's wanted her for years the end was a bit disappointing once he fulfilled his dream.
0,This book ought to be made into a movie.  It has all the intrigue of a good mystery along with unrequited love and suspense.  It keeps you guessing until the end as to the fate of the main characters.  Very well written story.
0,Crazy Emma is a very short story about a waitress/dishwasher in a small town diner who goes stir crazy over a hot guy sitting at a table.  She does something impulsive to get his attention, and eventually it leads to an impulsive encounter of the intimate kind.		I would love to see the author build on this story, and see if the relationship has legs.		In the meantime, the story is fun and entertaining for a mature readership.
0,This was a good story. I just felt after Trent strated to get to know Alice he should have told her what was going on. He knew that she had trust issue.  Glad he made him change into a different pe r son who started to care for someone besides himself.
0,Each book in this series keeps getting better and better. I was drawn in from the very first page and I could not stop turning the pages. I love Snow. I would love to be his angel. I can't wait until part 2.
0,Imagine if you will, the ability to bring forth your deepest desires, or deepest fears by simply putting your words to paper. Would you risk it? Even if your very essence called you to imprint your thoughts, stories and dreams on a blank canvas of spiraled paper? Logan has and now... her very words are literally turning her life upside down. Her talents have brought forth Samhain and he has his sights set on making Logan his Queen. Will her powers with words be enough to save her, or has she written her own destiny with Samhain?		Secretly Sam is the second book of The October Trilogy. While the author may be known for her other paranormal romances, this series is for both Young Adults and Adults alike. Both will find it intriguing and captivating... but the romance and storyline are a bit tamer and toned down. The story surrounds a young woman in high school who, along with a band of friends, managed to release the Lord of the Dead, into modern time. Logan's words have given him strength, and it's up to her and her friends to try and stop him before he claims Logan for his own.		So, sit back with a steaming mug of cider and curl up with this wonderful book while the Halloween season is upon us and enjoy!
0,I read this book and I could relate to it. I look forward to me Jessica Gray stories
0,First  time  that I have read this author.  Exciting flow to this story. Nice to read  an interesting mystery without all of the usual swear words floating around .  Nate really knows how to show love and respect to a woman. His strength of character is a great match for protective and loving Stella.  The concern  and regard they show one another and their teammates  helps hold this together. I felt that a little more show of personal affection or a romantic love scene  was missing.  After reading about the author I did realize this is written for a  more Christian type audience.  Most books with page after page of gratuitous sex are boring and don't really contribute to a story.  However,  it is only human nature that most growing adult  romance has some loving sexual interest.  Hope to find a follow up with these special cops and security guardians.  Especially Zane's  story. Very good read.
0,This book was very good. I liked how it all started as a one night stand and ended in more. Especially when the actor in the story finds out he really is a dad. The woman was trying to do everything all on her own and didn't want to disrupt him at all. I will be re-readin this book again and again
0,I don't know how Nala can keep her hands off of Vincent! She's way stronger than I could be! Vincent is hot and mysterious. I can't wait to find out what happens next!! Two lost souls hell bent on revenge, sounds like an exciting read! I received a ARC for an honest review but I had to purchase my own copy because I loved it so much!
0,Quite around about way of finding the love of your life. Had to come home to help family and fell for a dancer.
0,GREAT READ ALTHOUGH IT SHOULDVE ENDED IN BOOK 3, DONT DRAG THIS OUT TOO LONG SIS IT WILL TAKE AWAY THE GOODNESS OF THE BOOK
0,Unbelievable how these people end up turning on each other after doing so much for each other. Can't trust anyone. It's a scary life style.
0,This is not your typical post-apocalyptic M/M romance. What I really liked about this tale was Carlos really had a lot of growing up to do, while Dante needed to find an outlet for the connection and compassion that came naturally to him. Both men needed the other for those very traits they lacked. I saw this on a weekly blog hop and found myself intrigued to find out where their story went. I wasn't disappointed.
0,Omgosh, I'm so mad at that cliffhanger of an ending.  I was so happy that Antoinette went back home but I definitely understand why she left in the 1st place. Absence make the heart grow fonder.  Can't wait to find out what her answer will be.  Please hurry up with the next book.
0,I loved this trilogy. How refreshing to read something different than a 50 shades want to be! Young love with surprising twists & turns, laughs & tears. It helps you remember what it felt like in high school; good & bad.
0,Great characters including the dog. Good stories with a lot of trying to figure out who did it. I do enjoy trying to guess. Would recommend.
0,It is absolutely remarkable.  He was such a great scholar and such  devoted person.  I am really enjoying reading about him and his strong testimony.  Wonderful book and would highly recommend it to others.
0,Just think of me as a canvas and you as the paint, and try and imagine that we are creating a masterpiece that's so beautiful, that no other piece of art could rival its beauty." - Clint		Oh boy! What a freaking conclusion to THE MOST suspenseful romance EVER! Yes, EVER!		If you have been a fan of the series and read the first two books, Pieces of Lies (book 1) and Pieces of Truth (book 2) you know what a roller coaster this story has been. Not only is it a love square; yes three men and one woman but it also has secrets, TONS of secrets and an underground society that holds too much power.		First, I highly recommend either re-reading or at least re-reading the epilogue at the end of Pieces of Truth (book 2) before starting All The Pieces. In fact the book picks up and dives back into the storyline.		"I know I had no right to do this to you, but if you ask me if I regret it, I will answer you no. if you ask me if I'd do it again, I'd say yes. I would do it again and again. There is darkness in me that lives and breathes just like yours, except it's motivated by love and not by pain." - Josh		Norah and Josh are off in Europe getting ready to elope. Norah thinks her past, Sam and Clint are just that, just her past. Things seem perfect until Josh is kidnapped and the two men sent over by her father to help Norah get Josh back are Sam and Clint!! Yes, Sam and Clint are back and on a mission to help Josh and Norah! It's like the world has gone C-R-A-Z-Y!		As Norah, Tess, Clint, and Sam are trying to find Josh the love square continues as all the men still have feelings for Norah and she has feelings for them as well. The entire time, I was still on Team Clint. He has been my favorite man out of three, even when I couldn't trust him, I knew deep down he and Norah were it for one another. At the same time, Sam was her first love, and Josh would (no, scratch that he DID) everything, even lie and cheat to get Norah. As much as I wanted Clint to be the guy, I wasn't sure if that was the right choice for Norah.		"I was going to marry you Josh. I picked you. I chose you. I came all the way here and did what I needed to get you back. And you just pushed me away. You pushed me to them." -Norah		Norah is still feeling the pull from all three men while trying to rescue her fianc. All three men really stepped up and showed their true colors at the end. All they wanted was what was right for Norah, even if that was letting her go. I admired them all.		"You want to know what the saddest part is Tess?" I said, sounding chocked up. "What's that Josh?" I felt heart constricting as the brutal truth flowed from my lips. "You say she's mine... but honestly, I don't think she was ever mine to begin with."		The very best thing about the book is the multiple perspectives! The book is written in Norah, Josh, Tess, Sam, and Clint's point of view! I think it was essential to the story that we knew what all the characters were thinking. It truly made the book for me. For the first time in the entire series I felt like I knew all the characters and all the truths were laid out for me; no more hiding or lies. I also love that aside from the romance, there is a suspenseful story being told, even in book three of the series. The Lappell are still up to their old tricks, even to the very end they play a major role in the book. I absolutely loved even in the third and final book in the series I had no idea what was going to come next.		The ending, oh man the ending! There is closure for all those involved. I felt like the ending- that goes into the future was one giant epilogue! I loved it. I can see some people not being totally happy, but I think considering what a love square this series was, the ending was perfect. I think over all fans will be very pleased, yet sad all at the same time.		The Pieces of Lies series is a special series. It has everything I love in a book... a love triangle/square, lies, deception, secret societies, the mob, the rich, power, greed, and of course three amazing men who know how love a girl... that is for sure!		I can't wait to read more from Angela Richardson in the future. I am so grateful she has shared her series with me to read and review. Such a wonderful and different story I hope others will read and love as well!		I give All The Pieces (Pieces of Lies #3) 4.5 Stars		ARC provided by the author in return for an honest review.
0,Ancient cilivanation discovered to have been in earth history. A far superior one than we now live in. One that is warning us of up coming doom.
0,I enjoyed this second book even more than the first.  I loved the banter between Harley and Ryan!  The only downside was a cheesy ending, but we got a HEA.  I will look forward to book three.
0,An interesting start to Theo and Mijo's journey together. The tale was told very well and for the time era. I loved the characters and their story. Looking forward to reading more from this series!
0,Imagine my delight when I discovered this unread gem in my Kindle. Some time in the past, I read and loved Lynn Messina's first two books in the Love Takes Root series. Somehow I downloaded book three, The Fellingham Minx, but failed to read it. For shame! Miss Evelyn Fellingham is a delightful counterbalance to Lord Halsey's stuffiness. Although this was a clean novella, it in no way lacked the depth of characters, humor and crisp Regency dialogue that I have come to expect from Ms. Messina.
0,35 delicious Chinese chicken recipes. I love to cook Chinese, Vietnamese and any other Oriental food. Now these recipes are fantastic and easy to prepare so grab a copy of this cyand enjoy the fruits of your labor. Thank you and enjoy your day.
0,Parker grew up in an abusive household, so she kept her distance from relationships with boys. She felt demons made her damaged, until she met Ian. There was something about him that made her feel safe. Ian helps her realize that she's not a victim, she's a fighter and survivor. This is a great read that shows the struggles in a relationship with someone's who's been through a tragedy. It won't disappoint.
0,I love ghost stories.  Set up into many short stories so it is great to read on the go. Also good to get a few stories read before bed. Leave the lights on !
0,Great read
0,This was a very inspiring story. I Was very  uplifted by  This book. I want thank the author for this blessing.
0,Awesome book, I truly enjoyed reading Slade and Cassidy's story. His little brother's best friend, Cassidy, the one girl on campus that didn't fall for the star quarterback. They got paired together on a project for class and Cassidy couldn't fight the attraction any longer. *No more spoilers* A lot happens along the way so I'd highly recommend reading this book. I received this ARC in exchange for an honest review
0,I loved the characters, dialogue, plot, and premise of the story. It's similar, but different from the first book in the series, and that was fine by me. The feelings and dialogue were perfect, and so was the pace.
0,this book was off chain and feel of drama. old dude who was using women and marry them because of their money got his pay back and for his cousin he going to learn his  too. I hope its a part too. this was a straight soap opera!!
0,Good book
0,This was a great concept of a story with good writting. The only reason I didn't rate it a 5 star is because I needed more in the ending. It doesn't feel complete. Maybe a great epilogue would do it justice.
0,I've read many books of marketing, and it's a book I like to refer to in order to find a practical way to understand the benefits of effective marketing in a new media world. I've also found that social media and new media practitioners can find value in reading the book. There's great practical tips on increasing your success in the new media space and highlights some useful ways to start measuring your ROI. In short, it is very useful in an internet age, and it's worth the read!
0,Well done,followed along nicely,loved all the characters,refreshing on how you have the ability to bring them out for us to see.thank you
0,Great book and great author. Story was exciting. Couldn't put it down. Characters were perfect. Looking forward to more books from Hayden.
0,I was given an ARC for an honest review. Faye and Dalton, both feel an attraction the first time they meet. She is his boss and he is younger, giving way to the many differences along with secrets that will create havoc in their paths. Falling for an employee and acting on that emotion is the first step in destroying the life and career Faye has managed to build. What she learns along the way with the help of Dalton, is that there is more to life than her career. A slip of tongue by Dalton, in the wrong place and to the wrong person, puts their lives center stage for the media. Fixing the mess, leads Dalton to make a deal with devil so to speak. This deal will only further confuse their situation. What they both learn: the past is never past. Only just around the corner, waiting to step in their faces and tear them apart. A quick read about the choices that are made in life and how love can undo and unravel those choices on it's way to HEA.
0,I love this entire series however I always feel cheated by the double spacing.
0,This is Mayhem for real, dark at times, sexually charged and oh so good. Stitch is the man that finds his forever through loss, pain, rejection, forgiveness, love and redemption.  This is 4.5 stars......
0,This is a short novella and a very quick read. It is a continuation of Jeanette's story from The Dark and the Dawn, book 3 in the Kansas Crossroads series. I actually haven't read that book, but have read the first two, and know Jeanette a little from those. Now I'm anxious to read the third book and fill in some blanks. I was still able to enjoy this book, though. I liked seeing Jeanette begin to live her dream. Her story hasn't ended though. The last book in this series takes her back to Kansas. I'll probably skip to that one before reading the other books, because I want to see what happens when she gets back. I'm impatient that way. :)
0,What Can I say, the words to the meaning of a song portrayed by the 2 main characters, Syn and Ryhe.		I've read some reviews, because this is Ryhe's Story, I have not read the other 2 books by Nicole Reed, Ruining Me & Ruining You.  This can be read a stand alone.		Rhye, troublesome by his past, his growing up, loss of his best friend that committed suicide, he blames himself for all this.  His Demons are haunting him, but the record company decides on giving him another chance, either he cleans up and makes music, or out he goes.		Syn, country girl singer, doing great with her career, but they want her to mix it up a bit, and wants for her and Rhye to work on a Duet.  So they both meet up in Nashville, Tn.		Syn, 19 yrs old, doesn't have much experience with Men.  She meets Tag, and thought it would work out, but he betrayed her.  She then meets Rhye in the studios, but really doesn't feel anything for her.		As time goes, something sparks in Rhye about Syn, Syn can tell he loves his music, but there's something in his past not allowing him to move forward.  She reads up on him and finds what is wrong with him.		She tries to help him, and while helping him, things start to spark between them. Just a get away with Josh, and Rhye to her little cottage, Rhye opens up more to Syn.  And Syn figures he has to confront his past.		This is Rhye's story, and someone who fights his drug addiction, sexy, rock star that he can have any woman he wants, but figures there is more he needs ..........  and Syn........ is ready to give herself to some boy that she barely knows but by the information she has learned she wants to help him, and she wants him!!  What happens....... need to read the book!!  My first book by Nicole Reed, I definitely give it a 5.  I really loved it!!		Reviewed by Lourdes	**free copy provided for honest review**	For more reviews visit welovekink(dot)com
0,I love Janet Evanovich's books. This is a great introduction into her new series about Kate and Nick. I've also read The Heist and The Chase and am looking forward to many more books in this series. Pros and Cons is short and sweet and shows just a glimpse of Janet's sense of humor which we love in her writing.  A GREAT START TO A NEW SERIES!
0,A chef new to the arena of fine dining without the hassle is Richard K. Evans who has just gifted the devoted readers of eBook cookbooks that contain fresh ideas for various aspects of dining with a whole new series called the 3 Step. Those three steps are listing the Ingredients to buy in preparation, Directions for easy to follow instructions, and Results/Satisfaction - magnified by a color photograph of the way the dish is supposed to look when finished.		This particular book focuses on Breakfast Recipes! Here are recipes that are not only simple but offer a variety few other books of this type can match. In this book are recipes for Oatmeal Cottage Cheese Pancakes, Internal Detox for Glowing Skin, Microwave Poached Egg on Toast, Steel Cut Oatmeal for the Crock Pot, Orange Julius Smoothies, Grandma's Buttermilk Waffles, Baked Maple Oatmeal, Banana Milk, Quick `n Easy Strawberry and Banana Smoothie, Buttermilk Bran Muffins	Chocolate-Peanut Butter Smoothie, and more.		Jump in and see how easy and how tasty are these colorful recipes by Richard K. Evans. The look for his other books! Grady Harp, July 13
0,This book is wonderful on so many levels. The kids love to see the funny different pictures of the dogs and the story is also quite charming. This book never gets boring and the kids want to hear it over and over again. I still laugh just thinking about the crazy antics these dogs are up to. Like flying dogs, or a zebra dog or even one that juggles! The kids even started drawing their own dogs in order to see if they also could come up with such clever ideas!
0,I can't stop reading about Jaz and Silas this series is so good. Ms. Addae addresses so many things that happen in everyone's everyday lives with their thoughts and feelings. I really like the way that she writes.
0,I admit to having fairly low expectations for this book, but boy was I wrong as it's fantastic! The author takes you on a emotional roller coaster ride that will keep you turning the pages right until the end. Both main characters are well developed and are easy to connect with, I really cared about them and their happiness. As well as the romantic storyline, there is also plenty of suspense and danger that will keep you on the edge of your seat.		Sophie has a high powered job working for her ruthless father, so to let off steam a couple of times a month she visits a bar to hook up with a stranger for a one night stand.  She never stays the night or even knows the guy's name - until she meets Riley. He is an attorney who has become bored with the BDSM lifestyle and looking for a woman with real spirit. One night eventually leads to more, but danger is lurking in the shape of Sophie's father.		Initially I wasn't too keen on Sophie, she came across as a little bit bitchy, but I soon grew to love her. She's had to be tough to be able to work with her father, and she's learnt to put up barriers. Riley is gorgeous, protective, caring and sinfully sexy. The BDSM and sex scenes are really well written and hot, hot, hot! I can't find anything negative to say about this book, I absolutely loved it, so A Risky Dance definitely receives five stars.		I received a copy of this book in exchange for a honest review.
0,Carrie has a hard time liking with her hunky twin stepbrothers.	Ethan and Nathan have a hard time keeping their hands off Carrie.  They like to share everything and Carrie is on their radar.
0,HOT! HOT! HOT!		Deborah Bladon is fast becoming one of my favorite go-to authors.		In Ruin we are introduced to Noah Foster (Vain) twin brother Ben.  Ben & Kayla (whom is Alexa's) meet on an airplane returning to New York from Boston.  We learn that Kayla is returning b/c her boyfriend has dumped her and moved on to someone else.		The couple is once again reunited a few weeks later, then everything changes because Kayla learns who Ben is.  She struggles with her attraction to Ben as her friends believe he will hurt her.		The end of the book will bring a heartbreaking twist to the entire thing.
0,Corey has found the perfect woman to fill his life, but it's going to get more complicated with . . .		Racha loves Corey, but she also inherits . . . which causes Corey to . . .		When Corey's current and past love appear, there are stormy emotions on the horizon and no one is missing it or are they? ;)		Will Corey be happy again or will he forever regret dropping . . . off on another dragon?		Enjoy!!! ;)
0,Again another best seller in my opinion. Fantastic storyline that is able to plunge you into the fantasy as if reality
0,I tried to read this book years ago and gave up.  I'm giving it another tryl. I have only read part of the book but hopefully I will stay focused.  One thing that I believe will be helpful is to keep a list of the characters and how they relate to each other.  There are numerous long descriptive sections which make the reading slower and more methodical reading.
0,Great book with some great information. I have been doing a lot of research in to the foods that I eat and what type of diet is right for me. This book does a great job of outlining the diet and explaining how it can help you. If you are thinking of the starting the Alkaline diet this is a great book.
0,Claimed was my first book that I read by Evangeline Anderson. I was instantly addicted and since then have pretty much "Devoured" (her next Kindred Bride Book), all of her books.	.By the time I finished the first chapter I was major relieved to find out this was a series with a good number of books to get lost in and more to come. I have happily read and loved every one of them.	The bundling of the first four in the series is so awesome and so lucky for all getting familiar with this series, especially since they are best enjoyed read in order.		The basic idea starts with a Kindred Mothership protecting earth in payment for this service our females our entered into a lottery to become mated for the Kindred  Warriors on the ship. Well forget the lottery there should be a waiting list with women trying to get picked, I know I would gladly volunteer. The Kindred mating schedule is especially interesting.		 Each Kindred Male has his own special "enhancements ", some Beast Kindred, some vampire lovers, some come in pairs (very hot) and so on. All are awesome, swoonworthy, gorgeous, hunky alpha males , protective and possessive.	The heroines all have special qualities and  really like able. The secondary characters are just as well,thought out and entertaining as the H/H's.		Each book has a main story with a it's a heroine, hero and storyline, but all characters and stories tend to intermingle and enhance each other giving the series a wonderful "saga" experience.		Evangeline's world building is hypnotic and mesmerizing. It is consistent throughout  the entire series and you will find yourself feeling drawn becoming familiar and right at home with her many worlds within the series.  Each Kindred basically stems from an individual planet and then there is the Mothership which is like it's own special world (better than The Enterprise).		The author's imagination is beyond my comprehension and totally mesmerizing. I often found myself asking "How in the world did she think of this" .		  The storylines are all romantic, exotic, exciting, suspenseful, humorous (seriously giggle worthy), and yummy.	When you do jump into this series, make sure you bring ice cubes and a fan,they are the kind of Hot you didn't even know you were craving. important to note these scenes and scenarios definitely fit and flow within the book and storylines and not just thrown in for effect.	Evangeline is one of the few authors that really knows what makes women sizzle so yes these are Ten OMG's on the Hotness scale.		A resounding 10 hearts and stars, for the whole series for it is the whole package. From the unique stories, characters, planets and worlds readers will find the books all have so much depth.	Passion and romance, suspense and adventure, lots of humor and fun, gorgeous hunky heroes and fabulous heroines, paranormal, scifi, fantasy just enjoy it all.	 A definite must read, you will not want to put the books down books, and then I have to reread experience.		 If you are not a fan of passionite, exciting, hot sexy scifi romance adventure then you will be.
0,Such a great book, trust, faith and love won . I am looking forward to the next book.  Thanks so kindly.
0,Dominance and submission are apparent in this short read.  It's a good short story with lots of the physical but not much soft caring. In the end it did leave me wanting more of the story.
0,Wonderful romance story. Zoe Chant has written another great story
0,As a resident of Oregon, I could tell within the first couple of chapters that the author had either visited our beautiful coast a lot or was a resident.  The descriptions through the entire book were so exact of the sights and sounds, flora and fauna, and of course the quirky characters.	Teddy and her friends are very well developed and enjoyable.  The story line keeps you guessing and the formatting is good.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book and was glad to see that it lends itself to future adventures.	Keep up the good work and let us join Teddy at the diner for a cup of coffee or putter in her garden again soon.
0,Interesting characters, intriguing plot, fascinating twists in the plot and a very good ending that leaves room for more.  The gutter language and sexual references didn't add anything to the plot.
0,ok book but like a lot of other storys
0,This is my first book from this author and I can't wait to read more. I love the dual pov and can u say panty melting. Wish there was more to book 1 but can't wait to see what happens next
0,Made me realize how thankful I am to be an American.
0,Very good but too short but makes me want to read more of Emily's adventures so on to the next book
0,Great addition to the Lords of Kassis universe. I can't wait for the next installment. Heroine was a little whiney for my taste, but somehow her gentle giant made it seem workable.
0,Another great stand alone novel by Sarra Cannon! I love this one too. I became so involved in the story I can't stop reading this series!
0,Launceston is a fantastic author. Once you finish one book you want to continue reading. With this 4 book pack you now can. There's only one problem with this book. It finally ends, and that's a bummer.
0,Maverick is not what you'd expect. He is wild and knows what he wants but doesn't know how to get it. He understands life as a bear, as a human; not so much. He knows that Harmony is his mate, and he knows he cares for her like a bear cares for his mate.	Harmony thinks she know what she wants out of life, what she's always wanted; a singing career and an album. She is disillusioned with New York and the restaurant/club scene and her friends are all settled in life and in love out west; far away from New York and her. She and Maverick go through some tough times and Maverick shows that he's a real knight in shining fur, but with the help of their friends and family they eventually make it through.	I hope Terry Bolryder continues this series with the family friend Wyatt from the neighboring ranch, I want to her more McAllister news!
0,Eight books by eight amazing authors.  First time reading a few authors and they made me but their backlist with such sexy and alpha heros.
0,A story about two families that have suffer tragedy and through a little boy, they are able to find peace in their hearts and learn how to not be afraid to love again.  It was a nice story and you can't help but fall in love,with the little boy who just wants someone to love him,
0,I thoroughly enjoyed this sweet love story between Jill & Chet! Food can always increase the chances of heat in a kitchen! Lol! Sex in a pool! How hot is that?! The story was just refreshing to no end!
0,A good guide to update ourselves with what happen in the past that has big impact on what we are today. If you are willing to make an intellectual commitment to a substantive reading experience on one of the most distinguished history then this type of book  will interest you, you will not be disappointed. I find it fascinating!
0,an interesting read
0,Do not try to understand the psychobabble.  The DJisms were hard enough for someone past the age of clubbing.  Rest of book is about relationship between a pair of sisters and their friends.  There are laughable moments as well as bittersweet.  It is a fun read.
0,Enjoyed this third book.  Lots of action and decisions being made, albeit, lots of fluff leading up to the main scenario objectives.  I still enjoy this series, it's just too bad fans have to wait four months or more before the 4th book.
0,From the very first page of this new release that I was able to review I knew that it was going to be a book that I would remember for a long time.		Robin Covington has crafted an amazing story that is smokin hot with characters that you just absolutely fall for. I can't really express what it is about the book that makes it so different. I love the twist on the Las Vegas story. I love the character development. I love the male lead with his sweet West Virginia manners, his shyness, and his ability to take romance to a whole different level. I love the fact that he's not afraid to recognize that this girl is different and someone special.		The author brings us an tantalizing story that takes love to a whole new level with steamy hot scenes that are oh, so memorable. Whew!		I don't even know how to explain what it is about this book that makes it stand out for me. Other than the authors skilled and detailed descriptions that transport you to another level. What I do know is I fell in love with this book! I fell in love with the authors writing and I fell in love with the fact that she wasn't afraid to develop characters that are cognizant of their feelings for one another regardless of the cost.		So if you're looking for a book that has every element romance readers love you've gotta check out this one. I don't give five stars very often but this book has every element that I look for and it's not one to be missed.
0,This is volume 3 in Youngs series, and like vols 1 and 2 (which I haven't read) it is a hefty read at almost 175,000 words.  Even so, it deals with a relatively short period of the authors adolescent life: just one year, 48 years ago.  It would be unfair of me to make more than a passing reference to the stylised nature of many of the supposed conversations he records, as English is not his mother tongue and his choice of words and phrases will strike a native English speaking reader as mannered and literary rather than realistic.  However, his style, though certainly ornate, is fluent, educated and readily comprehensible, as long as you don't mind picking your way through the polysyllables with a dictionary to hand.  I have sent the author a list of the occasional verbal inaccuracies, and no doubt they will soon be corrected for future readers.		Young declares that the truth will set you free, and the main motive for reading his account of his life to date is to have your current stances on certain kinds of behaviour tested by his experiences and opinions.  As Clive James once said, nothing is more entertaining than a talking head when that head has something to say worth listening to.  The author throws himself into his writing with the same gay abandon as he embraces his sexuality.  His heart and his habits are worn very much on his sleeve, and his openness is both refreshing and revealing.		He clearly enjoyed a privileged upbringing.  Just one example from early in the book: ...The following morning, after attending Le Gavroche restaurants opening soiree, Jeffery (Uncle James chauffeur) drove us in the silver Rolls Royce to a private air field by Heathrow Airport to board the Simorgh, in which we would fly to the South of France. Upon arrival at Nice - Cte dAzur Airport, we were chauffeured to the infamous Carlton Hotel, located on La Croisette where we stayed for a couple of nights before boarding the Kahyyam, docked at Cannes Harbor.  Alright for some, I hear you cry		I read on with a kind of weird fascination about this world I didn't know existed.  In Youngs English Boarding School (and we are NOT talking about some minor backwater establishment here) it was the headmaster who recruited him to provide sexual services for the male members of the Bahraini Royal family (after a secret society in the school (not a secret from the headmaster obviously) had spent several years grooming a small number of specially selected boys barely into their teens for just such a purpose).  I used to be a headteacher; that beggars belief.		I cant go on giving you choice examples (and there are so many): the review would be far too long and contain too many spoilers.  Youngs experiences may not be unique, but they are certainly extraordinary.  The book is an incredible read: NOT for the quality of the writing per se, and certainly not for the verbatim accuracy of the conversations recorded, but for the wealth of detail and total openness with which Young meticulously describes one action-packed year of his truly amazing adolescence.  Along the way you will pick up quite a lot on a variety of topics, from Greek history and mythology to the intricacies of platonic idealism, homoerotic activity in its myriad forms and the inexhaustibility of the unfettered sex drive of the healthy human male.		I learned a very great deal from reading it, and I am guessing you will too.  My favourite parts were the lessons on literature and history revealing attitudes to and involvement with various forms of homoeroticism through the ages; but combined with that are the truly eye-opening passages revealing the extent to which money buys power and privilege and opens every door.
0,Fast moving and full of adventure, this little story is easy to read and a great start to the series. Here you learn of the MacVie family, their trials and triumphs. It's fun and enjoyable.
0,This book was another great read. S K is always on point. This series is the bomb. Please don't take so long with the next installment.	I had to re-read all the previous books. It would be nice to read the next one while everything is still fresh,
0,I love this book. It was funny, sweet, a little sexy, and sometimes sad. It had everything. I would definitely read more books by this author.
0,I am so sorry these books had to end I loved them all and I am happy for Leander and Wynn and all the news babies!! Can't tell you how much I have enjoyed reading all of these stories could not wait for the next . I love all of the characters and their friendships,especially the way they would call each other out or just knew what the other was thinking . in the end i would have to say that I love Mattias  character the most. If you can think of anything to add to these stories please do so what a great read I will reread them all over in the fall Thank You.
0,Surprising that the author can keep up suspense in a series. Seemed believable all the way through. Good descriptions of what main character felt.
0,Edith Hawkes writes a great series of hot, sexy shifter love stories about finding your true mate.  Noah saves Katie from her ex-boyfriend who wants to physical abuse her.  She had broken off their engagement after he attacked her when he came home drunk.  I can't wait to read more of Edith Hawkes books.
0,Trust is a hard thing to have. Especially when everyone around you has taken it away from you.  Jax and Dane are two more of Sloane's beautiful men that you must read about. This one line crushed me...		"Whenever the noise in your head gets too loud, ill bring you back." Jax to Dane		So beautiful
0,I love this series, you have to read it from the beginning to understand all the characters involved and fall in love with them all.  Its great when you read a book and become part of the series and enjoy every page.
0,Lucky me, I got this book in a blind date group and found a new to me author.	I really, really enjoyed this book. It wasn't your typical rock star book as this guy had disappeared from the scene. Freya works for his record company and is on the hunt for him. Their meeting and romance was not smooth sailing and both fun and frustrating.	The secondary characters will make great stories too, I look forward to seeing if they will be written. I was laughing and crying with this book, damn you Jax lucky I was home on the couch.		*wait, this is a debut novel? wow I'm impressed.
0,I have a love/hate relationship with this book.  The story of how powerful love can be, even when two people are so dumb they keep hurting each other is beautiful.  But these two, Jesus....		Adam is a complete bonehead.  Seriously, he is gorgeous and crazy possessive, but he is also a complete a**hat who keeps saying stupid stuff and doing even dumber things.  How can one man be such a contradiction?  It is important to understand that he adores Mia, he just has no social skills or something.  He acts like a caveman and he treats her like property.  Property he adores and is always angry at, but property nonetheless.  I'm in love.		Mia is very childish.  From the start of the book until about 3/4 way in I wanted to strangle her.  She misconstrues absolutely everything that is said to her, and she responds like a 4 year old would.  She is the real reason I have a love/hate relationship with this book.  I love the story, I love Adam, I want to choke Mia to death through most of the book.		Honestly I have no idea how this dynamic works, but they seem to get on the same page.  Of course there is a lot of pain in their past and the present is rather dangerous.  Max is the biggest a** I have ever seen in a book character, and that is saying a lot!  But they seem to find their way through the storm and move forward.		I am seriously hoping for a Johnny/Breena story and for Missy to disappear!  =)		I give this book 4 lipsticks!  I have never seen two people Forest Gump their way through a relationship as much as these two, but it works...
0,This new series is unlike any I've ever read before.  Its got wolves and virgins and a corrupt government that sell virgins to the highest bidders.  And the rebels are the good guys that save the virgins and then take then as mates.  Throw in some hot sex and a little BDSM and what more could you want. Betrayals and deceit along the way throughout the story line.  Very well written and enjoyable story to read.  Looking forward to the next in the series.  I was gifted a copy by the author for my honest opinion.
0,They just keep getting better. Absolutely loved this book. The characters and story is so live like! I don't see how anyone could not like this book!
0,I received this book for free in exchange for an honest review.  This is a fantastic book full of great facts and pictures that really break down the cosmos in a way kids can understand.  Going from largest to smallest, explaining the universe as a whole to the heart's moon, this is an incredible book that any child with an eye to the stars will love.
0,I like what I ordered.
0,"OH NO" is the words that came from my 2 yr. old gd!  She loved it and had to find Maggie herself...so tiny!!!  The pics were so adorable too!
0,This is the second book Ive read by Rie Warren, and its fair to say Ive become a big fan. This book, like the first in the series, has a solid and well-thought-out plot, which would be something in itself, but thats not all that has me hooked on this authors writing. There is a simple beauty in Ms. Warrens phrasing. Its lyrical, but not pretentious. And, her use of dialect is delightful. I can easily hear her characters speaking in southernisms, but its not too over the top to be believable. I love that her characters feel authentic. Heck, I think Ive even met a few of them.		There is a slightly darker feel to this book when compared with the first, mainly because both the hero and heroine are dealing with tragedy and personal demons, but the added complexity makes for two very rich and interesting characters. Further, I like the chemistry between Nick and Cat. Its passionate, sometimes explosive, and always interesting. They are a perfect match, and I love them together.		This book is well balanced with enough angst and heat to satisfy along with some nice comedic moments to lighten the mood. Love: In the Fast Lane is a great read; its five stars from me. Now, Im ready to move on to the next book in the series, and I will most definitely be purchasing more of Ms. Warrens books in the future.		(Note: I purchased the first three books in this series from Amazon as an ebook set, but I wanted to review each individually. So, this may not show as a verified purchase.)
0,when is these books going to be long they r to short but I like reading them and they r getting good.  Keep up the good work Ms. King.
0,I have found you can never go wrong with a DiAnn Mills novel and this book is no exception.  Mills has a way of dropping you right in the middle of the action, but you never feel like you have missed anything. The back story on the characters seems to just mold into the story and add to the mystery of the plot.		Deadlock is a page turner and will be a hard one to put down or not think about.  Just as I thought I had it all figured out, bam!  I'm right back were I started with no idea who is good and who is bad.  Thatcher and Bethany make a great team, while they start out like water and oil, as the pot got stirred up they blended perfectly.		I would definitely recommend this book, and can't wait to see if I get more of the clues the second time around.		I was given this book free from Tydale Publishing for my honest review.
0,Mysterious Book Report No. 195	Suspicion	by John Dwaine McKenna		Theres times, it seems, in everyones life when theres just not enough money on hand to pay all the bills coming due. The reasons for this, and the excuses, are many and various, but the bottom line is called insolvency . . . and no matter how badly you want to . . . you just cant pay. Panic sets in. Youre trapped with no way out. Thats the position single father Danny Goodman finds himself in when hes unable to pay the tuition for his daughters exclusive private school in Boston.	Suspicion, (Dutton Penguin Random House, $27.95, 387 pages, ISBN 978-0-525-95460-6) by Joseph Finder, is the story of a man trying to do the best for his child. Desperate and with nowhere to turn for help, he accepts a $50,000 check on a handshake deal from Tom Galvin, the father of Abby Goodmans best friend Jenna, and one of Bostons wealthiest hedge fund money managers.	As soon as he deposits the check in his bank account however, Danny Goodmans nightmare begins. Two DEA agents show up and take him into custody, charging him with money laundering for accepting drug money. Danny is given an impossible choice: fight the government indictment in court, which he cant afford to do, for obvious reason or, act as an untrained undercover agent, treacherously informing on his new friend . . . a suspected agent for the biggest, most violent and deadly Mexican Drug Cartel. Trying to protect his daughter and girlfriend, while living up to his DEA agreement, Danny is forced to lie to everyone in his life, while at the same time, deciding who is the real enemy . . . and risk losing everything and all who are most precious to him. Suspicion is a non-stop thrill ride that never lets up while never letting the reader down. It is, as Michael Connelly so aptly puts it, One mans fight for survival that becomes everymans journey to the light. Contemporary and cutting-edge, this ones a book for the ages.	Like the review? The greatest compliment you can give is to share it with others on Facebook and follow us on Goodreads.	[...]	[...]
0,I was lucky enough to recieve an A.R.C. of this but that does not colour my review in any way.		This is the 3rd story from the Darkworld: Skin Walker series.		This book starts with a very beautiful funeral, That might seem a strange thing to say , but everything about it was lovely.. After that it kicks into high gear.		Our heroine Kailin and her friend Lily are going to the land of the wraiths to rescue Anjelo and Kailin's mum .When they get there they are in for some suprises, and an epic journey. Things don't go quite according to plan.	One rescue down ,one to go. Now Kailin must call on exrta tropos for the next stage. She has many friends with different and amazing powers to help her.		This is a very good end to this part of Kailin's adventures. It also gives us enough teasers to want to follow our girl and the others we meet into the next books. This series has only a sweet romance ,so it is suitable for readers of all ages.
0,I really liked this book! The characters were great and the storyline amazing! I could not put it down! Totally hot!
0,"Murder in the Dark" by Steve Demaree was an interesting novel, quite different from anything else I've read. The author hooked me immediately with the basic premise and I continued to read the book because I was curious to see who the murderer would turn out to be.
0,I like satire, and this story fits the bill. I would have found it more interesting if it had been written from more than one point of view.
0,OMG!!!! Wow this series just gets better and better. I love that the Dragon king got his wish but hopefully it all works out in the end, for everyone!!!! I feel horrible for Thor but at least he gets to know his son will be back, in a way. Love love this series!!!! Can't wait for next book!!!!
0,This short story was too sweet I love the way it all came together and how the heroine had abilities that made it easier for her to accept and understand what her hero was. My my my I do love a bear
0,Que manera de mantenerte en vilo! Magistral la manera en que se desarrolla esta historia. Lilly Perozo, conoce muy bien las debilidades del hombre y traz una historia que no te dejar dormir y que te har cuestionar esa lnea frgil entre el bien y al mal.
0,Thank You!
0,Originally reviewed for Tea and Book		There is just something twisted in the mind of Marina Miles and I love it. The woman has this crazed ability to take a fairytale, add some pnr, twist it all together and call it a romance.		This time she based her story on Swan Lake with just a touch of The Little Mermaid tossed in.. old love vs New love. Outer beauty vs inner beauty..add a witch and a deadlock and all that is missing is a lion. Warlocke's Dance is a novella teasing us with some of the characters in her Cursed Prince Series and I promise it was beautifully done.		Giselle Swenov was a beautiful and famous opera singer. Defying her well to do family she is set to Marry her true live, an impoverished minor warlock. Missing her family on this special day she leans on a local benefactor fir familial support. Except there is nothing decent about this witch. For reasons of her own she stole Giselle's voice and turned her into an ancient hag. When Giselle walked down the aisle hoping against hope that her beloved recognized her, he had her tossed out of the church.		Lucian Ivanu was left at the alter by the live of his life. While his financial status has improved, he has hardened his heart and turned his back on his heritage. No longer the gentle lover he is ready to have a "traditional" marriage with no live involved. When the same hag appears at his betrothal ball he realizes just who it is. Fearing to trust his heart he refuses to accept that only he has the power to reverse the spell.		Of course there is more to the plot..evil always lurks in the background.. Lucian and Giselle must chose the true power of love if they are even to have a chance at reversing the spell.		Another wonderful Miles adaption of a beloved story. Great job!		Shauni		This review is based on the ARC of Warlocke's Dance, provided by netgalley
0,Cute
0,You know how you forget abvout some books almost straight after reading them. This one is going to stay with me for a long time.	I thought how the author manages to make all characters come alive incredible - I was not surprised to read at the end of the book she is a grief therapist herself. Each chapter is seen through one character's eyes - both parents, Gregory (a friend of the family), and their therapist they don't know they share and who struggles with problems of her own on top of trying to keep all confidentiality issues straight!	It's a great, clever insight into the process of grieving.		The story is tragic but never becomes depressing or over-dramatic, because the characters are fighters. The little girl's drowning is terrible, but it's the starting point of the story : how parents can manage living with the inthinkable and survive the grief, meanwhile struggling for their marriage that's exploded under the guilt, blame and anger.	(I thought it was really clever from the author to give an unusual name to the little girl who dies, so no parents reading the book do an immediate identification with their own child.)	The psychological evolution and slow healing of the family is in a way, heartening -I thought there was a strong message of hope in it.
0,There you jave it one of the best minecraft book writer ever. you are so good at wipping out books, I mean you are on book 12 and you started way after cubekid did and he is on book 11 (although his books are a bit longer than most books)[ you shoul read themnwhen you are done with your series.]) There is so much stuff going on in this book lile jukeboxes and withers, spoiler alex comes into the book. This is really cool. Some things that you could ad are things like the end portal or herobrine. could the old villager in the west be notch and could he have a command block that gets rid of her memory loss(sorry, I am writing about 2 weeks after I have read so I have forgot names. I think it is Cindy or something.)		you could make the noob killa actually be a mob instead of a villager like herobrine and you could make him be svcared of steve. You could also make a enderman come in at some point and steve finally has corrage to kill it.(unlile at the witches hut) Maybe you could have a new wepon like an axe of a sherkin. or maybe a fire aspect sword for steve.(or alex Im not picky). This is an idea I don't really want but it could be fun. stev likes alex but alex is anoid at steve.		thanks for listening. . . of, reading my comment,	MineFox	(sorry for any spelling errors I used my kindle and it is 9:45 (*-*) (@-@) [_$_] (~_^) emogies (hehe).
0,I really liked this story.  Emily was like a blank slate in terms of her likes/dislikes.  She was never exposed to 'racism' so to speak, so is less likely to judge based on a person's animal.  I liked the interaction between her and Brandt, and I definitely liked to see her come into her own and become a strong wolf and woman.
0,This was a good book and I appreciate the research but I couldn't connect with the characters.  Maybe if there had been more character development it would have been better but I guess it was as good as can be given the shortness of the story.
0,Amazing!
0,This is a GREAT overview over what your credit score is and it gives some helpful tips how to improve it. If I had known this in my youth, I might have been more vigilant!
0,Sequel to Spyfall and just as good as that book.  Really enjoyed the plot, the suspense and the lead characters.
0,Told in storybook fashion, this book explores 6 different types of spiders, Jumping, Orb Weaver, Wolf, Garden, Daddy Long Leg, and Crab. It features lots of nice, close-up pictures of the spiders, which will interest kids, as will the cute story. The book emphasizes the usefulness of spiders in controlling pests, gives them personalities, and encourages kids not to harm spiders. Well done!
0,A story of how love and all it's properties is always enough. I believe this book and series is one of the best I've read. The journey of Rayna and Azmir was as awesome as the depth of their love for each other. Love Belvin showed how unconditional love can draw and sustain two people through each life changing challenge placed before them. 5 Stars too Love Bevins on her first series.
0,Poor Claire. Can life get more confusing? In an odd reversal, she finds out that her parents lied when they told her Santa Claus was not real. The fat man with his sack full of goodies does exist, and woe be if she gets on naughty list as an adult. But it isn't Mr. Claus she needs to worry about, but his spoon-wielding wife, Kristine. When college student Claire sneaks around to get herself the latest iPhone, she find herself whisked to the North Pole and bent over Mrs. Claus' knee.		This is a truly unique - one-of-a-kind story with an unusual twist on Christmas. I wouldn't have thought that anything new could be done with the holiday, but author Anastasia Vitsky has. The writing is top-notch, A+, and the storytelling and voice are different from anything I've read. Who knew that spanking was an adult Christmas tradition? LOL.		I would have chosen a different title because there is no vengeance involved - more like justice or discipline - but I won't quibble. It's a good book.		It's fun, entertaining, light read with plenty of wit and humor. It contains both F/F and M/F spanking.
0,This book like all in this series was absolutely wonderful.  I look forward to the next one and any more this author wants to write for this series.
0,Freya Barker has given us another fantastic trip to Cedar Tree!  I certainly loved this trip and want more!  Mal and Kim were imperfectly perfect for each other.  Although they get off to a disastrous start with Mal putting his foot in his mouth and not just once, he slowly wins her round when her life is in danger without her realizing it.  Kim is a strong woman dealing with demons from her past and present that cause her to live the way that she does.  Thankfully the residents of Cedar Tree adopt her as one of their own and are there for her throughout her troubles with her boss, her health and with her family.  Mal is still fighting is own demons from his past, despite his brother and all the other residents accepting him into their big happy family.  Him meeting Kim is like all of his puzzle pieces falling into place and both of them cementing their places in Cedar Tree.		I am hoping that Cedar Tree series continues and never ends!  I am looking forward to the next installment!
0,Love C.G Cooper
0,Good book.  Thank you.
0,The House By the Lake by Ella Carey is a wonderful telling of one young woman's search for her paternal heritage and relatives that might still live in Germany - a family she never knew existed until her grandfather was on his deathbed.  The story revolves around San Francisco cafe owner Anna whose life is relatively stress free until her grandfather Max tells her that he grew up in an aristocratic family in Prussia (Germany) and he needs her to go recover an object from his ancestral home that he hid under the floorboards in his bedroom 70 years ago. Once she arrives in Germnay, she finds a poor little village, a dilapidated empty mansion, and an estate left to ruin. Anna elicits the help of a Berlin attorney to help her uncover the truth of what happened to the family and why Max never returned to his home at the end of WWII.		Words can't adequately describe how much I loved this story.  I especially liked how the story alternates between two time periods: present day San Francisco (and Germany) and 1930s Europe before and during WWII. It reminded me a bit of Jodi Picoult's The Storyteller with it's history "back-in-time" type theme. I finished it a few days ago and I'm still thinking about it!		Teri Schnaubelt narrated this audiobook and her performance was sublime! Her smooth overtones and subtle character nuances made for a very pleasurable experience. Teri uses a variety of accents and gives each character their own distinct voice. In particular, her narration of Wil, the attorney from Berlin, is spot on and swoon worthy. Brava!
0,Not my favorite in the Open Skies series but this is good still. I wanted more for Rob than Tammy but came around to her in the end.
0,Wow!!!! Thug I love and Ta couldn't been more perfect for him. The streets are not good for this life but she accepted him without any hesitation. Peaches is the hood mama I know and the relationships are priceless here in this story.	Young woment read this and hopefully they get the pic but Ms. Lady P you put the pen to the paper and created a masterpeice! Thank you making me feel this story, get ready for the part 2 because I am there. You will not be able to put this book down!!!!!!!!!!		50Stars baby!
0,I must say that even though this isn't something I normally would buy I have come to love ht nights stories so I figured give it a try. Wonderful that's what this book is takes you back in time to your younger years and that first crush can't wait to read the rest and see how Cody's story turns out
0,Received for an honest review.  Cassie had fallen for her flat mates brother Carter. But she had to keep it to herself. Carter was keeping many secrets and one was his attraction to Cassie.  Cassie made a proposal to Carter and he accepted.	This story was so wonderfully written and unlike the others. So much drama and plot twist along the way. But one thing was for certain, Carter and Cassie were perfect together.  I love Miranda's books and will continue to read them.
0,I loved Blood Deep just as much as the previous books in this series but I liked Eden and Jessie the most out of them all.  This book, like the others, is a bit on the gritty side with the hero having to do some things that make you feel for Jessie, but the story was great and the ending very unpredictable.  All of the stories in this series are very well written and make you want to keep reading to find out what happens.  Even if you know the main characters will end up together, you're still left wondering how on earth it will work out right up to the very end.  I highly recommend this entire series and can't wait for the next one.
0,Wow!! This was a dooooozy of a romance novel!!! I totally fell in love with the characters Jason and Becca. They were pretty dang hot! I kept telling myself.... This is wrong! They are teenagers! But.... But once I was able to block out all the "being a mom of a teenager issue" I was able to enjoy remembering the moment of being a teenager and all those "first time" "testing the boundaries" kind of moments. Boy do I wish they were as hot as Jasinda got in this novel... But then I guess it wouldn't be fantasy right? Lol!! This is a fantastic read! I'm just kicking myself for not continuing this sooner! I mean, I really enjoyed "Falling into you" but it left me so emotional that I was STOOPID and assumed "falling into us" wouldn't be able to compare. But it did.... And even	More so! You HAVE to read this!! Then thank me later....
0,What an amazing love story of not one but two couples, Rose and Jacob started it all back in 1947 to now when Mack found Rose's diary and wanting Jacob to know that Rose loved him - to Dean coming to investigate why someone wanted to talk with his grandfather.  You won't be sorry you've read this book.
0,JJ Harper did not disappoint this reader.  I am a huge fan of this series.  Love,love,love the Alpha male characters that love to take over and protect.  Each book has had it's own SPARK.  And it's definitely in this book, I mean who waits five years for someone after only meeting once and a few texts.  I mean the he'll Tamsin had went through, not only with a boyfriend but a psycho Mother whom is supposed to love and support you is anything but....a self centered bitch.  I mean Tamsin definitely has some major psychological problems to get through, and Mix that with a Alpha Male you will have problems.  So comes in the best sex scenes.  The storyline for this reader was awesome, you have your angst, tears and HEA.  Keep them coming JJ cannot wait for book four in the series.  HUGE FAN!!  Jamie Nibarger Ellis
0,Where do I start with this book. This has to be my favorite book in the series but I can not find the words to do it justice.		Magen McMinimy's writing style has great flow and rhythm to it. She makes you feel everything they are feeling. The way she describes her settings makes you feel like you are actually living it. I can go on and on about her technique but the book it's self I feel I will spoil if I try to discuss it. But I can say this Oh Lothar!! You have stolen my heart and I do not want it back.
0,Explanatory of the five exotic options and how they are used. Exotic Options are often customized to investor needs. These exotic options are more expensive then the standard vanilla. These exotic are definitely not for beginner option traders but they can be extremely profitable if you know what you are doing.
0,I thoroughly enjoyed the few hours of escape this story brought me. It was quick and kept me smiling. It was truly a feel good story.
0,I have absolutely enjoyed Oliver's and Grace's story.  You will find yourself pulling for Oliver whom finds out his father left the earldom in debt.  He is the type of person who cannot but help someone in need if he has the means.  He comes across Grace at a ball and learns there are rumors about her that are not true. He does what he can to help Grace and things go well until the scandal. I am definitely going to read the (Dukes of War) series.
0,Wonderful characters who fall in love, have a child, build a life together, endure  hardship and loss. They find the courage to start on a journey that leads them to a new life and challengers. Loved the warmth, open mindedness, and courage the characters demonstrate.
0,I didn't just like it I loved this book that b#&$$tch hanilie got what she deserved and good for her. I loved the romance the heartache and the back stabbing in this book. The characters were riveting and spectacular.
0,A great follow up to Seducing Samantha.	Loving Lachlyn continues the journey of the lion pride in Ashland finding their true mates.	Alek as we know is a mountain lion and he is starting to feel like he is never gonna find his mate and forever be alone.	Jericho and Lachlyn are bear shifters and have known each other since grade school. They have loved each other for as long as they have known each other but never mated officially because something was missing.	Who knew what a birthday dinner would bring together other than friends and family?	Action, drama, suspense, one psychotic bear king who will stop at nothing to keep his son, laughter, romance and hot yummy love scenes.	Loved Alek finding his mate and finally Jericho and Lachlyn have found what was missing. Also loved the intro to the next story in the series. I am really looking forward to that.
0,Cliffhanger like that and no follow up novel waiting for me? I'm crushed!		Another amazing plot live from miss Hart!
0,A very good short story. I am glsd there are sequils to this one.  I just hope they are longer.  I hated for this one to end
0,This book is great!! It gave excellent tips! Things that i would not have thought of. I received the book free in exchange for a review but i definitely would have paid the regular cost for it. Lately i have been reading a lot of weight loss books but i learned a lot more from than one than the others. This book is detailed. It builds confidence. It help to make everyone have the mindset that we can all lose weight. It has a great positive outlook. Great book!
0,I fell in love with the characters. Despite their baggage you root for them to make a go of it. Love the author, she tells a great story.
0,It was good as Ann Rule s writing are.
0,Loved every story
0,A very entertaining read from Melissa Pearl		This is another great read from Melissa Pearl. Every scene was well thought of and you can really feel the emotion flowing from them. It's like watching a movie. I love how she have woven the story as well as the characters. I like how Ella and Isabella was supportive as friends, Morgan's strength, Sean's indecision, all of them played well into unfolding the story. I even like the b*tch character of Rhonda and Travis being an *ssh*ole. And of course, Jody is something to look forward to. This book would be a good holiday read if you are looking for one.
0,Great story and very enjoyable
0,Once again Lana Hart has delivered a captivating page turner. Diving deeper than previously into the realm of fantasy, Hart weaves spell binding tale of love and mystery.
0,Love Emma Wildes regency novels, can't get enough of them.
0,Sometimes surprises comes in strange packages.
0,The nice thing about reading a war story written by a Marine veteran is that, like any culture, there are certain things you can only understand from the inside, looking out.		Flashback: Siren Song is an origin story for a modern-day mage, set in the middle of the Vietnam War. It's not overly preoccupied with individual morality, just-war theory, or the Geneva conventions, because the characters are doing the best they can to survive and that kind of reflection is best saved for the after-party. And while Siren Song is a supernatural story, full of ancient temples, berserk cultists, and mythical creatures, it does a great job of conveying the flavor, scent, and dirt under your fingernails feel of war, regardless of the where or when.		One of my favorite parts of the book is when one of the characters pushes to continue the mission, not because it's their duty or to win the war, but because they're going to have to explain what happened to command when they get back. It's that kind of little touch, along with the fear of stepping on landmines, not knowing where the enemy is, and the smell of white phosphorus, that makes this a fun read.
0,An entertaining read with our heroine as, who knew, an accountant!  Miranda just can't seem to stay out of trouble, but luckily she has FBI Agent Jake and former felon Quinn standing by ready and eager to help.  I look forward to reading more books with this possible love triangle.
0,I was a little torn with this book. It was recommended by Amazon based on my purchase history. I am not one to start a book and not finish it. My uncertainty was definitely replaced as I was thrown into the chemistry of Alex and Ryan. I kept asking will they, won't they? Must read to see for yourself what will they or won't they do. You will not be disappointed.
0,OMG! Where do I start? I love this book. My fave couple is Ty and Nice I love them. It was a very good length, sometimes a little repetitive but over all I'm so excited book 2 is finally out, so ready for 3 I need to know what's about to pop off because poor Nice was pissed. Overall an Amazing read.
0,I remember when I first picked up a book by this author. I read Sweet Addiction twice in one week. Reese is $&$@!@$. I have always enjoyed everything this author writes since. From Ben to Luke and now Reed M'Effin' Tennyson. I fell in love with Reed in the first book of the Alabama series. I couldn't wait for this series. I was impatiently waiting for this book to go live last night that as soon as it was on my Kindle I was immersed in the story. Beth is just the sweetest, kindest, strongest female lead I've read about in a long time. She's so selfless and doesn't ask anything of Reed. And Reed? Sexy as sin Reed? Well he's just the freaking cherry on top of a delicious piece of pie. These two worked so well together. I love everything about their relationship. It's raw, strong, and beautiful.		I love this book and I hope everyone will too. I preorder anything this author writes. Because when she has  a book coming out its my number one priority. I can't wait for what's next Mrs. Daniels.
0,My granddaughter had so much fun with this book. I love books like this that we can read together and I enjoy listening to her giggle. She liked the pictures and wasn't scared at all, even if some of them are kind of scary. She especially liked referring to the different lizards as relatives. We had fun comparing them to our relatives. Pictures are beautiful and text is fun to read. The perfect book for children.
0,Colin and Emily are an engaging duo and the plots of the murders they investigate are ingenious. This latest story is no exception, and keeps you on your toes.
0,A more emotional relationship depicted with the main romantic couple in this second book... Domestic abuse and sterility, but the subjects are handled in a way that is not too heavy.  The Coleman family are very much a strong depiction of good family, even with the individual differences of the characters.
0,Great read with well written characters. Highly recommend if you like shifter books.
0,Short and sweet romance. Kaitlyn didn't like the holidays ever since her parents had died. Until going away with friends and meeting Bryce the new game warden. She opens herself up to new possibilities.
0,Love Dixie Lynn Dwyer. Who does not love strong, good looking soldiers. The American Soldier Collection is great series.
0,Quite a storyline, very plausible in this day and age. Genuine characters that add dimension as the story progresses. A bit controversial about the cloning, as it should be.
0,Benny & Frankie are great together. They have a history together that is tough to work through before they find their HEA. It's a great story and we see glimpses of the other Burg couples. I love that in these stories. I wish there was a spin off with all the kids. It would be awesome!
0,Oh my!!!! I love Tor and Perry, our silver and red Dragons!!!! It's so hard to just pick one or two.... You will want them all... In this one, we see our tigers again, Tor and Perry rescue a damsel in distress, and sparks fly from the start!!! Wonderful story, wonderfully written, I love each and every of Terry's books!! Very well worth reading, and you will love Lexie!!!! I received this gifted ARC from Terry in exchange for an honest review.
0,This was an incrediably hot book. I loved it from beginning to end. Did not want to put it down. I am loving this author and her books more and more.	Voluntered for an advanced copy for an honest review.
0,Above average fem dom novel with the typical happy ending kinky as hell
0,Home book 7 of the Running with the Alpha's series. The series just gets better and better. We continue with Taylor, Alder and Hale's story. I couldn't put the book down. Can't wait to see what Viola has in store for us.
0,This is really a different type of SF.....great plot, unique twists, awesome characters, and some very humerous situations.  set on earth, but aliens abound, however they are helpful instead of evil, and it is evil earth humans who are the bad guys.  Altogether, a very enjoyable, entertaining read, and I hope the author continues the series, because I need more of these characters.
0,I stumbled across these two short stories by this indie author today - holy wow!  You know what I love about short stories and novellas?  There's no fluff, you just jump right into the hot, juicy stuff!  Lena is a chemist with a mousy appearance and spends all her time in the lab.  Each night, the super hot security guards, Tim and Dominic, take turns escorting her to her car.  She's the kind of girl who thinks she'll never get noticed, and after enlisting the help of her BFF Amy, she sexes up her appearance and the hottie security guards definitely take notice - together.  Cue the WHOOP WHOOPS!  If you're a fan of down-and-dirty M/F/M, then hold on!  Buttttt... the next day, Lena is really embarassed about what happened and tries to scoot out of work unnoticed, only to have Tim and Dominic waiting for her.  WAITING, ladies!  OMG, Day 2 was smokin' steam off the pages!  I loved these two little gems!  And how about that saucy little play-on-words for the author pen name?!  5-star
0,I chose this book because after reading the first book to this series I was hooked I love each and every one of these books. it's hard not to read the whole book in one day. I would recommend reading the series they are awesome
0,I love a man who knows what he wants and he goes for it.  That is Finn and I do believe he should be cloned.  He is the sweetest, sexiest guy I have read about lately.  I loved the story.  I loved the journey it takes and being with Finn and Presley as they learn to love eachother and overcome obstacles life throws at them.  I was frustrated at times and completely in love others.  I fell for Finn and this book.  I loved reading every bit of it.
0,I really enjoyed this book. Like everybody was sleeping with everybody & everybody was connected in some way. Indya & Amir were both trifling, couldn't stand 'em. I took for May to go through so much with a man & then him to dump HER for her to move on. Adrian wanted to have his cake & eat it too smh. He waited til it was too late to get his wife back to try & do the right thing. I'm glade Desirae's  finally happy. Can't wait for part two.
0,Always His is the first book in the Crazed Devotion Series.	Although it is a series they are standalone books, but I will read them all anyway!	I would give this book a 4 stars and highly recommend to others.	CA Harms has blown me away with every book she has written and this series is no different.	I get super stoked and excited when I hear she is publishing something else, she has by far become my go to author.	This book has all the feels it will make your hear rate accelerate, you eyes a little misty, and your panties damp with excitement.	I would call this a second chance YA novel with a little humor and many doses of angst and steam.		I can't wait for the next book in this series Liz's and Ben's story Forever Devoted!  Thanks CA Harms for another great start to another hot series!	Get to one clicking and see what the hype is all about!
0,Stormi Christmas mysteries were both different, but fun to be with her. Gets me into the Fun of Christmas spirit.
0,This book pulled you in once again.....  Part 2 was just as good as the original.... A true must read!!!
0,I received this book as an ARC for a honest review. This book was read and reviewed by Stacy Aube for Cutting Muse Blog Review.		I like second chance romances,this did not disappoint. The story of Kate and Laim is addicting. I love that they are reunited after 10 long years. Will they be able to work together, or will their history put a wedge between them?
0,I was not ready for it to end.  I am so hooked I don't know how I am going to make it to next weeks post.  I was surprised to see Charisse in this story especially helping Jackson the way she did but I hope he takes her advice and continues to want to live.
0,A nice book that grabs you from the start. Good story and CHARACTERS. Looking forward to more from this author
0,Great reading!!! Real excitement on every page. Cannot wait for more. Thank you for the opportunity. Very pleased to review.
0,As you would think reading the title that it be about control, and it was. It wasn't just about that though. Just wasn't about control In the bedroom was kind of about losing it to. Needing wanting someone so bad but not wanting them, even when you know you need them and being scared of giving up that final control. But the benefits of when you do. Loved it and would recommend to anyone who loves  a good romance with a little naughty to it. The characters were charming and you can't help but root for them.
0,It is 1803 in Suffolk, England. 11 year old Amelia is living with Lord Stafford when she gets the news that he is "shipping" her off to London to be taught by a governess. We then fast forward nine years to 1812 where we find Amelia helping her servant friend Emma out by dusting the library. Alas she falls/slips off the ladder and ends up in the arms of a handsome, well dressed stranger! Who is he? Only the notorious Lord Raebourne Rake, monster of the house, otherwise known as Anthony Pendleton, Marquis of Raebourne.		Anthony has been absent from London for two years but can he shed his previous reputation? Now a new creation, trying to live life as a Christian he has a hard time getting Amelia out of his thoughts. Anthony is fascinated by Amelia. She is truly an enigma to him. Does she really know all his servants by name not to mention her own and many others? Amelia is going to be 21 in a few months and has no idea what the future holds for her as it appears that Lord Stafford has forgotten she even exists! Due to an unusual turn of events, Amelia finds herself invited to dinner at Lady Miranda's. An amusing scene! This meal starts up a great friendship between Miranda and Amelia and of course Anthony is never far behind.		When a solicitor turns up at the door just one day before Amelia's first ever ball, is he bringing good or bad news? How does everything turn out? Why does Anthony later call himself a "corn-brained idiot"?		It takes talent to write humor into a story like this without it being corny. This author has done an EXCELLENT job! Found myself smiling/laughing several times. LOVED it! This is a Christian book based on Christian principles so please bear that in mind before purchasing so you will not be disappointed. At the end of the book we are treated to a preview of the next in the series which is Miranda's story.
0,This was a great love story. I love all her book, but I think this is my favorite.  Well written ..  Can't wait for the next Grey boys book.
0,This book had a good plot line as well as leading into the series with an overall arc. Lanie is a smart self reliant woman, but she accepts the wolves. Just not so much as a mate. Can Lucien convince her?
0,This is a first book in a new series for me. Loved the story. It has some really cool shifters and a fae that are all linked together in a deep bond. I'm looking forward to the next book! Highly recommend
0,Excellent post-apocalyptic tale of adventure and redemption.	Very well structured in revelation.  Characters were strong and evoked sympathy.	I thought the three brothers were unrealistic characters at first, so maybe shuffling things around to get the "bad guy stories" out first would have helped with that?	Overall, glad I read it and will read more.
0,This book as absolutely frightening. The fact the one of the leading causes of deaths and mortal diseases is not noticeable. Its scary also since i know my father has high blood pressure and its a possible risk of Heart disease. It is good to see in this book that the problem is also accompanied with solutions. That's what we need, because know people can always show us some problems, but never give us a way to fix it. This book has definitely left me with things to think about and to really consider my diet and the way that i live my life.
0,From Lauren Baratz-Logsted, author of the laugh-out-loud novel, The Bro-Magnet, comes the laugh-out-louder novel, Pursuing the Times. I haven't smiled, snickered, giggled or...well, laughed out loud... this much while reading a story in a very long time.		Our heroine, Mercury Lauren, would likely cringe if she heard what I'm about to say, but Chick-Lit really isn't my cuppa. Don't get me wrong, I enjoy the female friendships and their love life ups and downs that are a part of the stories in this genre, but too often there's not enough time given to romantic relationships to suit my need for a solid happily ever after in my reading. That said, while Chick-Lit isn't my genre of choice, if more authors wrote it the way Ms. Baratz-Logsted does, it most definitely would be.		Rarely do I find myself enjoying the heroine of a story as much as I do the hero, but this is another something this author managed to pull off. Mercury is intelligent, insightful, dedicated and self deprecating - in a denial-esque kind of way and I loved her outspoken defense of herself and her writing. There's just something so outrageous about her that, while watching a certain scene unfold on a golf course, had me thinking how much more exciting my own life would be if I had that kind of chutzpah!		Frank D'Arcangelo is a great hero! You may - or may not - have heard that this book at times mimics Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice. Well, one of my favorite things about Frank is just how "Mr. Darcy" he is, in a thoroughly obnoxious, modern sort of way. But like our beloved Mr. Darcy of old, Frank isn't completely irredeemable, and even well before the conclusion of the story, I adored him! In fact, even when he was being an utter ass, I was still grinning and cheering him on in the direction I wanted him to go: into Mercury's arms.		The bottom line: Pursuing the Times is an absolute pleasure to read. It's light, romantic, funny, steamy... a truly feel good story. Fans of any romance genre will completely relate to Mercury Lauren and her desperation to become recognized as a legitimate author, and you'll laugh at the lengths she'll go to to achieve her goal. I'm looking forward to reading more by this talented author. Even if it is Chick-Lit ;)		My thanks to Ms. Baratz-Logsted for providing me with a copy of this story in exchange for an honest review. And for her patience during the months it took me to actually pick it up and read it.
0,Nicole u have ONCE again wrote a great book. I couldn't STOP LAUGHING AT JAY I LOVE HIM..TEAM NAE ALL DAY...GIRL PLEASE BE WRITING PART 2 ..FOLKS I WILL NOT GIVE ANYTHING AWAY JUST 1 CLICK THESE MASTERPIECE...GUAM WILLIAMS
0,This book is a very cute and sexy romance story.  I liked that the story line is realistic, since snow storms cause plane cancellation.  The author is fabulous and one of my favorite.  READ and Enjoy! ! !
0,Oh my this was such an intense book.  The ending had me screaming cause that was it.  Ahhhh what a cliff hanger. So much is happening,  I can't wait for the next book.
0,Really hot book!  The descriptive scenes were very erotic.  it took awhile. Fro Henry to take the first move, but when he did the Sparks really filed ! The insecurities became a thing of the past. HOt Hot Hot. Great writer!
0,Waking Dream is the fifth book in J.J. DiBenedettos Dream series. Set two years after the harrowing events of Dream Family, it portrays a pleasingly settled world where Sara and her husband move into their first real home, and their children continue to grow. Readers starting the series with this novel will find a cool blend of family drama, intriguing mystery, and a climax of rousing terror, while those familiar with the series will delight in seeing the characters (and children) grow. Sara is a very genuine narrator as she ponders the meaning of life, family, gifts, guilt and responsibility in this book. And its a great addition to a series that really lets its characters and ideas take flight.		Author J. J. DiBenedetto has mastered the art of seduction, providing clean but deeply enticing romantic scenes between husband and wife, and combining them with very real family life. Jobs are at risk. Spouses occasionally lock the door. Kids wake up in the night. Hard questions are asked of love and death. And wise suggestions slip naturally from the page. Meanwhile Sara slips, with her strange power, into other peoples dreams, and a woman in red might steer her into nightmares.		I love the gentle humor, genuine feelings, family romance, and deep questions of this series. Why does Sara have this power? What should she do with it? And how will she cope? Waking Dream is an enticing mystery with great character, and Im eager for more.		Disclosure: I was given a copy and I offer my honest review.
0,I could so relate to this story it was wonderful. Two things that I have personally experienced the RAF and teaching so this story I read with great intrigue but also to see if it matched my experiences. Once again Harper has done a marvellous job of creating two wonderfully flawed characters that need healing despite all the bravado that at least seems to be shown on the outside by one in particular.		Marty was bullied at school and I so know how that feels and of course there is always the one kid that is the centre of attention, the star of every show. Martys and Devlins story begins at school and develops into a wonderful enemies to friends, to lovers story.		Although we grow up the experiences we have in our formative years can never be underestimated. When Marty meets Devlin later as adults, although a lot of water has flowed under the bridge, the feelings of being back at school are still there. Do people really change? Marty is still as guarded and defensive upon meeting Devlin as ever. Devlin still the arrogant, cock-sure, confident, gods gift to good looks, alpha male. OK he is a fighter jet pilot. However, behind Devlins mask lies a lifetime of hard expectations and little love from his father which explains his attitude in many respects. Marty goes on the defence as soon as he thinks hes being got at. I loved all the joshing between Devlin and his RAF mates. Although on the outside it may appear that they don't like each other you know that there is a deep camaraderie, a sense of duty, a trust that from on the outside is difficult to understand.		I found it refreshing to read that Devlin could be out and gay in the RAF and its OK. Well, I know things have come a long way since I left the RAF. When I was in being gay was still against military law which meant a closeted life and living in fear of being found out. If found out thrown out with a dishonourable discharge. OK, I still had a life but just made sure no one found out and was very careful with the people I trusted. Dont worry I was not alone I promise you. I think I could have been a master of covert operations  lol! Today Im glad to say that the British forces have come a long way and are now a equal opportunities employer and any form of discrimination is taken seriously and dealt with accordingly. You even get a house on base with your partner when you're married gay or straight. Absolutely unimaginable when I was in. So no, not strange to read about a gay pilot anymore. In actual fact heart-warming and uplifting to know that we have come so far.		However, Marty knows a secret about Devlin that could ruin his flying career. He never uses it to blackmail him but more tries to motivate Devlin out of concern for his own safety. Its in this concern that a relationship starts to develop. But being a primary school teacher is no push over for a job either and when Marty is confronted with the horror of all horrors that all teachers may face, Devlin is there for him.		I loved both characters. Marty for being the gentle, caring kind soul he is even with his flaws when he feels hes being got at. Being bullied takes a long time to get over and leaves scars but Marty learns to put the snark, knee-jerk, hissy fit reactions away when around Devlin. Devlin learns through Marty to be more careful with his steamrolling tactics and arrogance and understands all this bravado on the outside is actually covering up a deep seated hurt and fear inside. SO I loved reading how these two opposites in many ways attract but through each other find themselves better people for it.		All in all a wonderful story that doesnt take too long to read but covers a lot of ground, especially for Marty and Devlin. A story about learning to put our pasts behind us and sculpting out a new future for ourselves.		Reviewed by Mark for Sinfully...Addicted To,All Male Romance
0,I liked the plot of this book. I enjoyed reading it very much. I will recommend to anyone looking for a great love story. I will look for other books by this author.
0,Great
0,Was a really  good  book .It touched  your  heart in all the right  places
0,Good story. Loved the circumstances that brought this couple together. They were able to change each other for the better. I was sad for the angst, but what good story doesn't have a little.
0,This was more like a teaser to show you how Tanya and Devil come together. It was a warmer upper for the main course, The Devil She Loves. I found this one to be more of a novella type quickie. Getting to know Tanya and Devil and how they came to be where they are and why.
0,This was a cute story, very enjoyable, and I look forward to more by this author.		Beth and David meet in a pretty unusual way, in a "hotel room mixup". The morning after, Beth sneaks out, never intending to see David again. Of course, events dictate that they see each other again.		There's a murder investigation, and some very fun friends and crazy adventures.		I highly recommend this for a quick, fun, read.
0,fun for the whole family
0,Very stimulating and interesting short story. Eden surprised me by revealing her story on how she got started with her business. She may be a stone cold freak but she is also one helluva business woman.
0,This book deals with coping with the hurts of the past, living life in the present, and accepting the rewards of the future. Love in it's many forms overcomes lies and deceit, to get to confidence and self worth. Beautiful HEA.
0,I had the wonderful opportunity to read most of this story before it was put into book form.  Steve has produced a great story with two strong heroines who fly in the face of great danger to save their home.
0,Very good
0,Fitzjames and Grace. You can feel both their pain, their frustration, and than their hope. What a wonderful story. I eagerly await the next ghost to step up.
0,This book is most likely a lot different than most diet books. The author shares common sense tips to losing weight. I have personally tried two of these tips in the past and I can say, they worked! If you are willing to try some of these techniques, I think you will be pleasantly surprised. If you want to start your journey to lose weight, I would highly recommend this book.
0,If you don't like our story getting a little rough then book isn't for you. I'm usually not  ok with romance books that are a little dark, but I ended up loving the book bc the guy that was right for her wasn't the one that was rough. Would definitely read another book by this author.
0,Goodness... I'm literally speechless having just finished reading one of the most intricately woven dark romantic suspense novels I've ever had the pleasure of enjoying. I am blown away with how perfectly all the details meshed into each other. Each time you got an inkling of how it would all end up or who was behind it all, another curveball was thrown you way. Little details bled into significant events that meshed with other events and before you knew it your head was spinning. The main subject matter was something that had been touched on in other books I'd read before,  but nothing so detailed as was in this story. You're going to be disturbed. You're going to be disgusted. You're going to get so involved with these characters, you'll wish the story never ended. Your heart will be broken. It will shred, rip to pieces and become unrecognizable. But you will also be given a sliver of hope. And that sliver will blossom into something you never saw coming. It will blindside you and knock you on your tail. You will run through a gamut of emotions and by the time it's all said and done, you won't know which end it up. It was dark. It was delicious. I wish I could forget the entire story just so I could experience it from the beginning again.		I love that we weren't eased into this story. From the first chapter you are thrust into danger and intrigue. What Lucia witnesses in those first pages sets the tone for the remainder of the book and what it hints at are the things nightmares are made out of. I live for dark books, books that push the envelope. Books that make me question just how depraved people can get. It's human nature at its worst, but you also are privy to those who battle against it. It's a reminder that even in the darkest of places, there's always a chance for a ray of light to break through. I loved that Lake kept me guessing the entire story. There was a point about halfway through when I thought, well duh, that's who Pasat is. I was right in a way, yet oh so wrong. There are things that lurk in the shadows, things that others protect, and people who either aren't who they claim to be or are leading a double life. The questions and surprises never ended and I couldn't turn the pages fast enough. The depravity you will witness will chill you to your core. I thought I had read and seen it all, but never in my wildest of imaginations could I think up some of the stuff that went on. It kept me on the edge of my seat, anticipating and dreading what would come next in equal measures. My heart bled for characters no longer present in the story, but none more than for Lucia and Jase.		I loved that behind all the darkness and suspense, Backfire truly was a love story. An unconventional one at best, but one I won't soon forget. These characters had a beautiful backstory which wasn't realized until a ways into the story, but that connection only helped to further what was growing between them. Jase was somewhat of an anti-hero and his methods, to some, came off as questionable. This only helped to further the air of mystery that surrounded him and furthered the fall into his broken soul. These characters both had their own wounds, internal and external, but it was those scars that truly brought them to an equal playing field. It was when they opened themselves wide and bared their feelings raw that you really got to witness something beautiful. For as different as they seemed to the outside world, they couldn't have been more alike if they tried. Yin to yang, it was impossible to deny their connection, even while they both tried in vain to. Their road wasn't easy, and there were definitely moments that the pain will puncture your soul, but it made them who they were. Had a single step been altered, they might not be the people they became. And that truly would have been a shame. Their energy was electric and palpable, and when they came together in a fit of passion you could literally see the sparks fly. Their partnership became one of dependence, trust, and reliability. It was heartbreakingly beautiful from start to finish and I can't wait to read the next installment.
0,Love this story line with the real everyday life drama and a crisis thrown in to add life's ups and downs of the engrossing story line based on three couples that have close bonded tides gender wise, three close girlfriends meet three  closely bonded males and have found love and soul mate status that has made this story line saga a huge favorite of mine, I started with Buried Secrets and ended with Total Eclipse eight books all together and a truly engaging and rewarding series  that I'll probably read again.
0,Story of finding yourself while finding the love you've always wanted.  Fighting their own issues both Clay and Paige find more together than apart.  Wonderful story.
0,I really enjoyed this book. If you're looking for a fun, light read, this is a great book. The characters were well developed and the banter between the H and h were funny and cute. It got me out of my book slump!
0,This book had me going in circles, I knew Peaches was a twin!!!! I can't believe how the book ended.... Please hurry up with part 4... I need my fix... Kudos to you, well done!!!!
0,Carved in Stone by Kate Douglas was a book that I could not put down. I enjoyed the playful banter the true love and the adventure of the whole book. I look forward to reading more by this author.
0,Awesome book great series can't wait for the next book. Enjoyed the suspense and could not put it down. More
0,Spiralized fruit and veggies is all the rage and so great for those of us who want to eat low carb and still enjoy delicious foods. This book has terrific recipes and easy tips on how to make spiralized meals. I am always looking for new ideas for my spiralizer and this book does not disappoint!
0,OK.... I enjoyed the book but I just have to say one thing.  This guy is the hawk king and is grossed out at the thought of eating chicken.  I don't think so.  Do you know how much hawks love eating chicken???  Hawks LOVE eating and hunting chicken.
0,Steam and story. This was a good read. The interaction between the main characters is enjoyable. Good read. Worth the time spent.
0,Good Read
0,As the title implies, each of these stories involves piloting a spacecraft. However, there the similarity ends. One craft is barely large enough to support a crew of two while several others have remote pilots. Just as the book supplies spacecraft in a diverse variety, it does the same with story plots.		Many of the stories deal with warfare, and some deal with military versus non-violent solutions. One such is Tara Maya's "Food, Peace, Power". In this story, two determined men, a military leader and a civilian pacifist engage in a contest of will and wits. You can't read this story without respecting both men, their differing viewpoints and their conflict resolution styles.		Philip K. Dick's "Mr. Spaceship" takes a different view of warfare. His protagonist views war as a bad habit acquired by humanity and never out grown. His solution involves a radical approach and a fresh start.		In her story, "Semper Audacia", M. Pax presents warfare at its grittiest. Leda is the lone survivor of her brigade and now her people depend on her to save their civilization. There's no room for hesitation or error, however Leda has ghosts her fallen companions' ghosts to guide her. Are the ghosts real or has Leda gone mad? This story packs action and suspense into a tight container.		Another strong female protagonist can be found in Ethan Rodgers' "Farsider". This tough pilot makes the best of her exile on Titan and finds comfort where she can.		Other stories in this collection address artificial Intelligence, quantum physics, quests to explore deep space, and the loss of one's humanity. There's quite a range of topics packed into one collection.
0,Jessica and Tyson 's story is heart warming you feel Jessica's pain for the secret she is keeping and sacrifices she made in the name love... Great Story
0,Good things come to those who wait... Sometimes we have to walk a few different paths before we end up at an intersection where life takes you where you always dreamed of. A story about being true to who you are, reaching through your fear and insecurities, and living life with love and passion. Just love Jack and Elise, I hope there is another peek into their life! Did I mention how hot and sexy Jack and Elise are together? Oh, so wouldn't want to forget that fact. Whew......
0,I really enjoyed this book.  Great quick read.  Can't wait for the next story in the series.
0,Have you ever made a mistake; one that cost you more then you ever knew possible?		Unlikely Love is the story of Nikole Castro, aka Kole, and Adam Lane and the oftentimes bumpy road love leads them down. Kole knows what it feels like to not be able to depend on anyone. Shes been taking care of her hard living mother and step-father for as long as she can remember and finds the thought of sticking around her small, middle of nowhere Kansas hometown absolutely unbearable. After an accident leaves her a 17 almost 18 year old orphan, fate steps in and Kole finds herself with an opportunity of a lifetime. Almost overnight shes moving to Southern California, a college degree set in her sights.		Though Adams upbringing has been the opposite of Koles underprivileged one, its still been anything but easy. From the moment he was born, the only thing important to his father was training Adam to one day take over the family corporation and to marry well and produce a son. Thats it. No Hey son, want to throw the ball around? for Adam. The flip side of this was as long as Adam did well in school and towed the line, he was free to do what he wanted without much parental supervision from the time he was in his teens. Shock of shocks, Adam the rich, cocky manwhore was born. When he meets Kole, after literally knocking her on her butt, he finds himself wanting something different for the first time. What starts off as a casual summer friendship quickly turns to more as Kole and Adam fall and fall hard.		I feelalmost in awe of you. When people look at me, they see a rich kid whos been given everything hes ever wanted, and they're right. I am. But, Im also moreor at least, somewhere deep inside of me, I want to be more.		Due to outside forces and thoughtless comments said in the heat of the moment (Im looking at you, Adam!) Kole and Adam find themselves heartbroken and alone. For me this is where the story really starts to come into its own. I enjoyed Adam and Kole the Early Years and their backstory was a necessity, but I really appreciated a successful and confident Kole holding her own against a more grown up Adam. The relationship felt equal where before I could almost feel Kole waiting for the other shoe to drop and Adam to leave her. Unforeseen twists and turns add a little intrigue to the story in the best possible way.		I need to give some serious props to first time author Riann C. Miller for the writing in general, but also for the way she handled what can be a particularly sensitive trope for some to read about. And no, Im not going to spoil it for you! Lets just say Im a fan of this particular plot device when its handled well but it can be a huge downer for me when the author drops the ball. No ball dropage here. Ms. Miller was completely on point, not only with the way this part of the story was set up but also the way the characters dealt with it in a believable manner.		My only real complaint with Unlikely Love is the fact that I would have loved more character development when it came to Kole and Adam. Both individually and in their relationship together. I know these two crazy kids were all kinds of in love with each other, Im just not quite sure why. I also feel like a bit of additional in depth time with a few of the side characters couldve provided extra depth as well as a few light hearted moments I wouldve enjoyed.		I thoroughly enjoyed taking this wild ride with both Kole and Adam. Just ask my boss who caught me reading it at my desk at work. Dont judge me! I cant wait to see what Ms. Miller has in store for us next.		ARC provided by the author in exchange for an honest review
0,Loved her books....looking for more....I've read the first one in series and working on the second story.  I just can't wait to pickup my Kindle and find out what is happening next with the characters and relationships.
0,I love Ms. Essex's style. This time a Navy man has to have a bride to please his father and oh boy does she come through. Ms. Essex delivers a beautiful love match like no other. Thank you.
0,Thank you
0,The 3rd novel in the Aviator book series is well done and pulls together disparate pieces of war stories in both European but mainly Pacific theaters. The descriptions of the dogfights of the lanes and the land fights are well described without being too horrifying. War is hell and friends die. But thus seems pretty true to life. Interesting ending.
0,Bluestone  is a hometowns that sounds pretty cool to live in..Trinity and Leo,Quinn and Livia' s story will draw you in.the things they come up with to bring the economy up in their town is pretty neat..This is an enjoyable read.
0,Next door a quiet hunk with a hurtful past. A school teacher in danger, but why? Murder, mystery, love and  more...
0,Love Monicas way of writing as it always grab ones attention from the word go and she did not disappoint in the Fifth moons wife.		Its a very emotional book where a little boy has carried a guilt bigger than his little shoulders can carry and unfortunately that same problem is rearing its head as his bride will come to the same fate as his mother.		As usual there is treacherous, violence and betrayal but its good to read how Valentines bond with Mirella helps them overcome the enemies.	Wonder is there is a follow up to find out if Valentine will find a solution to his predicament.		I received a pre-release copy of this book in exchange for an honest review.
0,OMG!! Jacob and Cole could get into more trouble than Brittany is worth!! Now they are going to be looking over their shoulders for Lars Eichmann and his gang. This has a shocking twist at the end....we find out who bought and paid Lars to take Brittany for his sex slave club.
0,Kimberley Reeves did not disappoint again!  The book started out slower than some of the others, but it picked up very quickly.  I read the book in one sitting!  I recommend this and all of her other books!
0,The rules were set. The rules were broken. Now its the aftermath for breaking the rules, leading to difficult decisions having to be made that will have inflictions on everyone involved.		This is one read I've been eagerly awaiting, and the second it hit my kindle I couldn't hold off, needing desperately to discover the conclusion to this riveting series with Mirella&Gabe, Bridget&Weston.		I devoured the finale in one sitting, unable to put it down.  Like with the previous two books, each page gripped me as the plot unravelled and intensified, evoking a cyclone of emotions. From beginning to end, I was immersed in the story and the characters. All the emotions the characters endure throughout, the authors precision to detail with her touching scenes and flow of words erupt and explode through the pages, inflicting the reader with the same emotional charge which consumes you entirely, pulling you alongside these amazing characters in to a story that will stay with you forever.		I loved everything about The Rule Breakers Series. It was fascinating, addictive, sexy, raw, emotionally spellbinding and had my heart divided throughout.		I would highly recommend you read for yourself.
0,*** ARC provided by the Author in return for an honest review***	I cannot say enough good things about this book and series. Jericho is the latest thrilling addition to the wonderful Barringer Brothers Series. Tess's writing once again draws you in and you feel every emotion these characters go through. You simply cannot avoid falling in love Jericho and Roxie! Jericho won me over with his determination and willingness to do just about anything to save Roxie. The chemistry between these two resulted in some very hot scenes. In addition, all the twists and turns made it impossible for me to put this book down. I also liked that even though Jericho is the fourth book in series but it can still read as a standalone novel. Fantastic book!
0,Can't wait for more Layne and Shelby  So get tto writing cause I can't wait
0,The third book in the Defiance series is a thrilling romance that keeps the reader on the edge of their seat.  The one bright spot in Lunas world is being held against his will by a rival gang and shes going to get him back. When shes taken prisoner, Bishop has no choice but to lie and claim her as his, only whats been building between them is real and undeniable. But they may be facing their final goodbye because Keller is keeping something under wraps and Defiance is unable to come to their rescue.		This fast paced and smooth flowing plot keeps readers trembling in anticipation with suspense, action and romance.  The author brings this post apocalyptic motorcycle club world to life with well written scenes which inspire vivid images that capture the imagination and makes it easy for the reader to pictures as it is happening.  The tension building drama and action scenes are exciting and believable and the strong compelling characters are easily related to and grab the readers attention from the very beginning.		The chemistry between Bishop and Luna radiates from every page and the sex scenes are hot and steamy, but the relationship builds slowly because of the situation they are in and because the tough give em hell Bishop recognizes that Luna needs time to get over her past, so he lets her take charge of how fast they move forward, which sends hearts a fluttering and underwear to melting.		The author has created a fantastic and intriguing world with lots of captivating characters, plenty of excitement and drama and surprises that the author doesnt see coming.  I was completely engrossed in the story from the very beginning and I cant wait to read the next one and discover what happens next in this post apocalyptic world.
0,Accidentally found his  in another Alphas territory ; had problems with said Alpha because he doesn't like gay shifters. Separated the mates did everything to keep them apart.
0,This was a fun book. Gardner's daughter and son of Lord of the manor. Will read about his brothers in the next kindle unlimited books
0,This series keeps getting better and better. Bella had my emotions all over. Not only is there romance and sex(hot sex) but her attention to military detail is awesome. I love it Bella, and I cant wait until I read Tactical Error (Black Ops Brotherhood, #4)
0,I cannot wait for part two to see who is going to end up with who.  I just do not think they should involve the daughter.
0,It's not the first time that Kasey's books as entertained me and kept me up whole night to read finish. I'm utterly in love with her style and breaching off to a slightly taboo genre which was a surprise. It's innocently steamy, sexy and definitely so out of character you have to love her for the plot as it is totally different and unexpected.
0,I loved this book! An excellent writer and storyteller! Ms. Burrows drags her unsuspected readers into her story and takes us for a ride! In this case, on a dragon! Romantic and exciting! Pitting brother against brother! Ya know, I kind of was disappointed at the way it turned out, but, maybe there will be a second story! I can live in hope!!! But, my disappointment not withstanding, it was a very good book, very entertaining! If you are reading this review, do yourself a favor and read this book I downloaded this book from K.U.! I think I may have to buy it to keep in my not so small book library!!
0,I was looking for a new way to look at losing weight and keeping fit that didn't follow all the same generic patterns that most diet books do when I came across this book. This was just what I was looking for, finally a refreshing perception on how keep slim delivered with easy to digest information that is written in a very informative but easy to understand manner. I learned more from this one book that I have from the past 3 I read. There's a lot of good science and facts that support Diana's case that are explained in a manner that everyone can understand and find helpful to their health. I couldn't be more happier after stumbling upon this read. Thanks so much.
0,This is Cassidy and Grady's story.  Cassidy has had to be responsible for her mother, if there was trouble she was right in the middle of it. She worked in a small cafe and when inheriting land from her grandparents she turned it into a RV rental park. Saving from this made her dream to see the  world. Grady come home, a GI  threw with the wars. The setting was during the Texas oil boom. Read about their story I enjoyed it.
0,I'd like to start this review with a disclaimer: Cindi Madsen wrote Troy specifically for me.  I know you'll all fall in love with him after reading CIPHER and then have that love solidified in RIFT, but please remember he was written for me. No one else. (This is, of course, a lie. I am finding that the more I repeat it to myself, the more I believe it is true, though.)		RIFT has many layers and brings a new depth to Summer's story. First, there's Liam, her next assignment as a cipher.  I just KNEW going into this book that having a good looking, college aged hottie taking up her time would cause issues with her relationship with Troy.  And it did.  And it SUCKED.  There's just really no other way to put that. Sorry.		Then there's a new cipher "side effect" that presents itself.  While there are some benefits to this new gift, (OMG I TEARED UP WHEN [BEEEEEEEEEEP] AND [BEEEEEEEEEEEEP] HAPPENED!) the downfall and it's resulting creepiness brings our dear Summer to both physical and emotional exhaustion. There was one chapter that ended with such a creepy factor that I had to count to ten twice before I flipped the page. I was scared, yo!		I found my patience with Summer wearing thin at one point of this book. I know she knows Troy is, like, the best boyfriend ever and I want her to just let go of her fears and TRUST HIM. He's proven over and over and over and over and over again that he loves and accepts all of her, yet she keeps holding on to secrets. C'mon Summer! Let him in!		Oh, one more thing to LOVE. Present parents!  I have a soft spot for John and Tiffany and was cheering at the rules they set for Summer. That's a rarity in YA and I always want to jump up and clap when I see it happen.  (Which is an awkward thing to see at midnight in my bedroom. Just sayin.)		I might go as far as saying that CIPHER and now RIFT are my favorite Cindi Madsen books.  I love the main characters (especially while shirtless and wet), I love the world and I love the people that come into Summer's life because of her job as a cipher.  I finished RIFT with a genuine "feel good" feeling.  For now.  Here's hoping that RESOLUTION, book 3 in the series, proves that LA is a-ok.
0,I certainly hope these characters are carried to more books! Very exciting! I look forward to more in the future.
0,This book was great.  I couldn't put the book down. It was the story of Camelots time. This story was about two men. These two men were Loholt Pendragon and Galahad du Lac. Loholt was the oldest son of King Arthur. He doesn't want the crown. He doesnt want to marry a woman just to have children. Galahad du Lac was raised by the Lady of the Lake. He was trained to that think his mother and father were poisoning Camelot. The two men came together and faced many challenges and became real brothers. They even possibly became more. I cant wait for the next book to come out. I loved the characters. I love the time period. I loved this book.
0,This is a book unlike any I've ever read before! It is fascinating, I couldn't put it down. The thought of time travel and how just being where you don't belong, the repercussions that could have on changing actual history, is absolutely astonishing!!!	This is humorous sci-fi entertainment, modern day and 18th century romance, and throughout it all a true love, soul mate connection between a man and woman so strong spans across many, many lifetimes...It's the kind of love we all hope to have, but few of us are lucky enough to experience...	You need to read this book, I promise you won't be disappointed!
0,Loved Ryan and Jamie, they were my favorite of all the couples in this series.  Especially loved Jamie, who was oh so sweet!  This has been an awesome series.
0,Love Cherry Adair's TFLAC series. And even more with the paranormal aspect of it. Loved the action and adventure when I read this previously, but really like the enhanced version with the extras. Would recommend of the TFLAC books. Suspense and intrigue throughout.
0,Czech Mate was hot-steamy as this author wastes no time and plunging the reader straight to a bang!  Mmmm..... I don't think there is anything hotter than the incredibly handsome, masculine Navy SEAL and the the feisty, beautiful pilot in this story I truly enjoyed the romance that took place between these two. I highly recommend this book. It truly is amazing!
0,So glad I read this!!!!! BIG MAC!!! I loved everything about this book!!! The bantering between all of them was hilarious!!! Highly recommend this book to all u ladies!!!!
0,Gator is not a feel good, romantic book. Gator makes you rethink judging people because we truly don't know the pain from people's past, and how that past makes them who they are. I loved Gator and Gidget, later known as Jake and Mia. Two damaged souls that together rise above the hell of their past. A dark, erotic, compelling read. I loved it!
0,What a great collection of Christmas stories.  Nineteen stories of Christmas chaos, mishaps and love by 19 different authors. What a great way to find new authors to follow. Who doesn't love Christmas stories?  I don't have a favorite but I  could relate with the story of Noel, byJennifer Theroit.  Noel is a heavier set woman who has lost hope in everything and has begun to see herself in a negative way, instead of seeing herself as she others who truly love her do.  Needless to say their is a special guy that helps her to erase those images.
0,From the utterly delicious moment Jill Adgate doused Chet Castle with birthday cake, I was hooked on this story. Despite (or perhaps because of) that disastrous introduction, he offers her the job of a lifetime - act as his personal chef and he'll help her get her catering business off the ground. Now, you know when a man makes an offer a woman she can't refuse that the best kind of trouble is about to follow, and Ms. Warner doesn't disappoint. Sexual tension sizzles, then explodes when they get down and dirty in the pool. (SO HOT!) This story is a roller coaster ride complete with actual substance, which serves to totally invest readers into every twist and turn of the plot. Whether you're longing for summer or just want to bask in something smokin', you can't go wrong with the smexiness generated by Chet and Jill.  Ms. Warner is on my auto-buy list, and stories like this one put her there. It's a sweet, sexy read that satisfies!
0,It waa very good book. I hate what happened to Farrah. Casien was heaven sent for her. I like how they were all about family.
0,I enjoyed this book. It was a short read but it kept me entertained. The main character in the story was not the typical guy, who had to have it all and dominate everything. I really enjoyed this story because of that. I liked the main girl in the story as well. She was very well put together and hilarious. This story was thought out and written very well.
0,I hope when you are looking for a series to read that you try this series you'll love every minute of it  and thank you Christy for writing them.
0,Katerina, aged five and her sister, Ios aged eleven, a cat, two dogs, a tortoise and an owl who lived in a tree, live with their mother in the wood house on the edge of town. Katerina and Ios knew their mother liked a calm, peaceful,home, otherwise it seems like the house turned upside down.		One day Katerina, her sister, and mother made a cake in the shape of a cat. While it was baking, they went outside to set in the balmy evening. Everything seemed calm and lovely, the stars were shining and all was right with the world. Katerina's mother shared a 'big secret' with them, one that would stay with them for the rest of their lives. To be happy and calm, everyone should know this secret.		What a lovely story for the entire family. The author, has a way with words that seem to enrich this tale. The illustrations are lively, colorful and at the same time give off the sense of peace and calm. This is the kind of story we want to share with our children, a lesson to be learned that will stay with them. Note: I was given this book to read and review.		Heartily Recommended. prisrob 11-13-13
0,This is exactly what I look for when reading contemporary romance. Lost in New Falls is like slipping under a warm blanket. Not only are the characters loveable, but the romance is spot on. This is a feel-good romance that you're going to find impossible to put down. From the sexy Quentin to the new and improved Kate, this novel is what romance is all about.
0,I love science fiction with human challenges.  This is a thought provoking book which draws you in to a survival mode.  It is  very gripping from the beginning and I can't wait for book two!
0,This series must be read in order. The first book is&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Darkness-Falls-Reveler-Series-1/dp/B00KAM07RY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Darkness Falls: Reveler Series 1</a>. This is the second book.		Maisie is a wild child free spirit so no way is she just going to quietly roll over and give in to the uptight Chimera agent Steve just because Jordan wants her to. Maze has a plan and it does not include being part of the dream police or a know it all babysitter... That may be fine for Jordan but Maze is not buying it for herself.		Not many series are this original. I never really thought of shared dreaming as a drug of choice until I read the first book. Now I totally get and love the concept! And where there is new pleasures there have to be new abuses... That's where Chimera comes in... To stop the abuses of power and to keep all the norms safe. And clueless (wouldn't want the regular people to know the real dangers after all) Widespread panic wouldn't be good for business after all.		Full of action, mystery, and adventure this romantic suspense thriller is chock full of paranormal goodies to keep you guessing. The characters are enigmas just waiting to be solved! I really love this series for always keeping me on my toes! I can not wait for the next book&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Darksider-Reveler-Series-3/dp/B00KUUPF2I/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Darksider: Reveler Series 3</a>!		***This series is suitable for adult readers
0,You just fall in love with Crowe.  And feel the emotion that his "Fairy girl"  feels
0,****ARC was provided by Madison Faye in exchange for an honest review.****	It was a great quick little read. It provides everything I Love in a book HEA, No Cheating, Minimum drama, and instalust/instalove.	We do in the beginning get a glimpse into OW drama but it's just a few memories. She never actually shows up. A tad bit of drama with OM but it was handled quickly and over before it even started.	My only wish is that it was longer because it would have made a great book and not just novella length. It would have made the OM drama a little more fleshed out and more dramatic.	 There was also a few grammatical errors. It seemed like they were more in the beginning or maybe I just blocked them out after noticing a few. I'm good at doing that.
0,A suburban highrise become invaded by unruly children.  Or are they really trolls?  Written expertly to keep the tension building right to the end.  The other stories are a bit hit and miss,  but  there are more good then bad.
0,When I first started reading about Camilla I had a hard time understanding why she used sex to deal with her emotions but as I kept reading it made a lot of sense.  I'm just glad she found her mates.  I would have liked to know if there were babies on the way.
0,Chicken is by far my families favorite dish, so we are always looking for new ways to serve it, and this book did not disappoint. Easy to understand instructions and pictures to help the process make this an excellent choice for the novice or expert chef alike!
0,The action and adventure continue to come thick and fast as the story comes to a climatic end.  There are yet more glimpses into the darkness of the future along the way, and once again the despotic Governor is far from a black and white baddie.  For all the evil he causes there is still a core within him that believes he is doing the right thing.  Brilliant writing and a great end to the series.
0,I could not wait to read Claimed book #3 in the Death Dealers MC. Wow just wow what a great book this was to a great series since the beginning. I really loved Gage in this one he was overprotective of Raven and would do anything for her he feels for her. Raven was another tough gal who went through a lot in this one. She tries to overcome her accident and trying to get her life back on track. It was neat to see all the members take care of Raven and how protective they were for her. This book was a very emotional read that was worth every minute and will be forever remembered for a great series that Alana Sapphire has created. Hope to see more of the Death Dealers members in the future
0,I absolutely love JS. This is one of my favorite books of hers. I've read 3 times over the past year and that's a big deal for me. I never read a book twice. I don't see the point in it, this book just sucks me in. Will say that if your a stickler for punctuation, misspelled words etc, then you'll get very annoyed with JS. Personally I don't care. Her books are fantastic and that's all that matters to me. AND she is hands down the absolute best at the sexy time scenes.
0,Sweet The Sin	(Revenge Sage, #1)	Claire Kent	POV: Dual	Genre: Romance -Revenge		By the time Im through with you, youll have surrendered your delusion of self-sufficiency. ~ Caleb		And by the time Im through with you, all of your unrelenting alpha-maleness will be broken. ~ Kelly		Synopsis		In the first novel in USA Today bestselling author Claire Kents deeply sensual story of love, lust, and deception, a woman searching for the truth discovers that shes sleeping with the enemy.		Portrait artist Kelly Watson keeps her relationships simple and steamy, with no strings attached. Shes had a hard time trusting other people since she was a child, when her father was murdered for trying to blow the whistle on corporate corruption. Nearly twenty years later, Kelly finds herself in the arms of a seductive strangerthe very same man who may have ordered her fathers death. And even as she plays him, using hot sex as a means to revenge, Kelly is tormented by one question: Is she committing the ultimate betrayal?		Caleb Marshall has spent decades forging a high-powered career, rejecting intimacy for the convenience of fast women and cheap thrills. But Kelly intrigues him, pushing commitment buttons he didn't know he had. Still, something is wrong. Despite their physical and emotional chemistry, Caleb feels the fear inside of her. Now the only way to keep her safe is coming clean, before secrets and lies destroy their connectionno matter how deep, intense, and addictive it may be.		Sweet the Sin is intended for mature audiences. Includes a special message from the editor, as well as an excerpt from another Loveswept title.		4 'conflicted' stars!		 Sweet The Sin follows Kelly Watson & Caleb Marshall.  Kelly, who is a photographer - she is also a very traumatized woman, finding her murdered father will do that, and to say she doesn't trust easy would be an understatement -- she doesn't trust, period.	Caleb Marshall, older, alpha male, ruthless, and rich - yes, he is the CEO if the company Kelly's father worked for prior to his murder -- and he could be involved in her dad's death.		So in essence Claire Kent has brought us a damaged woman and an opportunistic man -- yeah, not the perfect relationship by far!  This could be why I had a hard time connecting with this book -- it seemed doomed from the get go, and the way they meet - a little convoluted.  The sex was hot and plentiful.		While reading this book I had varied interest. The plot was there but I just didn't know if I would ever connect with the characters. But, alas I was able to connect even if it was out of curiosity to see how this book would end -- and then, a cliffhanger!	While I didn't hate this book - I didn't love it either, and I am hoping this is the way the author wants it to lead up to book 2. As it is Sweet The Sin is a good revenge to lovers story.		If I had to sum this book up in three words they would be: Ruthless. Revenge. Lust.	4 Stars-		ARC provided by LoverSwept via NetGalley in exchange for an honest review.	Reviewed by J.Loves2Read for Alpha Book Club
0,What a good read this book was.  I enjoyed it much more than the title led me to believe I would.  The characters were right in character and the story which followed a different pattern, led you on a delightful adventure that was a bit different, but satisfying.  You will enjoy a couple of days reading this delightful book.
0,For such a short story, there was quite a bit of PF moments. Good story, looking forward to the next books.
0,A well written light fun read where a very young 22 year old girl named Jenny lands in 1277 and tries to behave as a girl would today. A knight called Stephen thinks she's related to a Peverel he knows and respects and decides to take her under his wing and keep her safe. Jenny was in for a rude awakening. Along the way they fall in love. The ending was a great surprise and was definitely bittersweet.
0,I'd seen hints of this story on Six Sentence Sunday and thought it would be great. I really liked the flaws Tamara and Josh possessed, and how they had to work them out together. Ms. Subject is a great storyteller and even in a novella captured the true essence of the story. It didn't hurt the story was set in my home town of Las Vegas, either. I highly recommend this 1NS story and will definitely look for more of Ms. Subject's stories.
0,Melissa runs Isle of Palms realty on Island Bliss.  However, her passion is matchmaking which has been handed down for generations.  Shane is Melissa's contractor and they also happen to be good friends.  Thing is, Shane realizes he has feelings for Melissa.  While Melissa shares in those same feelings, she can't help but think that Shane is meant to be with his ex-girlfriend who happened to show up on the island recently.  Sparks and a strong connection can not be ignored and Shane definitely shares those with his ex.  Melissa feels she should step aside and yet, should she ignore her own feelings for Shane?		This is book #2 in the Island Bliss series and Ms. Boykin did not disappoint.  I really enjoyed this book and can not wait for the next one!
0,Loved the book kept me interested from beginning to end
0,He solved his pain on his own and shares the secret here. I appreciate his insight and advice.  .  .  .  .
0,A good read. Filled with suspense as a mother has to learn to trust a psychic for the safe return of her kidnapped. Along the way two people find love and trust.
0,Sums up what I need to know in order to find my passion in 25 keys. It was like 25 shots of alcohol that was hard to drink at first but had me feeling good afterwards.lol<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Don-t-let-life-Punk-You-How-to-get-up-from-a-major-life-setback/dp/B0188EN52Y/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Don't let life Punk You: How to get up from a major life setback</a>
0,I really enjoyed this book especially the romance part.  I know opposites attract but it was an interesting take on love from the wrong side of the tracks.  Thankfullly most of the sex was described as just making love not explicit descriptions.
0,Mara and Logan has a lot responsible on their shoulder. Logan is dealing with more internal turmoil if he can truly trust his Mate Mara. He knows that she is holding things back from him and when she calls another name during her sleep he gets upset. Will Mara be able to show Logan that she is his only and his mate truly? Does she forgive Logan when she needs him the most for the upcoming battle with Queen of Mean and her evil Minions?  When The UCI arrives extra early for their meeting, Logan is starting to see that things have been put into place to defect Nyx.  What do they do to bring back the dragon Queens and will they achieve that?		OVERALL IMPRESSION OF THE BOOK Audra Hart book you will find Romance, some suspense with a lot of intense action. This is a must read series and author
0,Really enjoyed this story.
0,Gangs,murder,romance this book has it all. A page turner that you will not want to put down  . So enjoy this good book.
0,When Matt walks into Eve's life she thinks she has him figured out but working with him on a project for city hall tests her patience and her design skills. Once he starts tempting her outside the office she knows she admires more than his skills as an architect.		Matt puts up with her sense of humor and her attitude of taking no flack from the men she works with and even meets her boisterous family.	I love how each character has their unique sense of humor and how Eve tests Matt's nice guy persona and patience and she thinks she knows what she wants until he shows her otherwise. They complimented each other nicely and I read this book in one day because I couldn't put it down.
0,This was a good book, well written and thought out. The author did a good job of describing the characters and leaving a message.
0,Procrastination is the thief of time. Book guides you well to understand one procrastination in every aspect in our day to day life and to overcome this debilitating condition. Helped me motivate. Highly recommended to people who need inspiration to maximize their result.
0,This was a great book.  Great original ideas.  Can't imagine hitched to the outside of a space ship for so long and staying alive.  The aliens couldn't bring him aboard their ship because he would not be able to survive the living conditions.  Great relationship between a human and basically one alien.  Great murder mystery and the intrigue of the human not being able to testify against the murderer because of the alien's laws.  Great to see how everything was eventually solved.  Will definitely read any more books by this author.
0,Such a great series, haven't been disappointed once. Been a few upsets along the story line, but it for sure kept me hooked and reading to see where it was going.
0,This is one of the most emotional books I have ever read. M. Robinson grips your heart and makes you feel every emotion that these characters go through. I have a hard time calling them characters because you feel like they are real people that your heart is breaking for and at the same time falling completely head over heels in love with them. Your heart will break over and over and over again, and this story will consume you. I made the mistake of trying to sleep 70% of the way into this book and all I did was dream about them. I finally gave up on getting sleep to read this the rest. Let me tell you it was definitely worth losing sleep over.		 I know this is not what a typical review looks like, but I feel that the raw, pure emotions that I felt while reading this was the point I needed to stress the most to let you know that YOU DEFINITELY DON'T WANT TO PASS THIS BOOK BY!!!!! Outstanding job M
0,An painful experience of unrequited love combined with a case of "bad" timing sees our heroine Rachel Forster mistaken for a hooker by our hero, Landon. Maybe it's her bruised ego or the fact that he's quite possibly one of the most stunning men she's ever seen but rather than running for the hills or correcting his mistake Rachel decides to go along it with.		In honesty I was slightly concerned about this part in the plot  but if anything it's a nice segue into the real story. Rachel soon discovers the object of her one night of passion is none other than Billionaire Hotelier, Landon Court and like all good Billionnaires, has the means to track her down and that he does.		After some initial resistance form Rachel, they embark on passionate affair that they both agree will have a time limit and wouldn't develop  in anything more beyond the physical. Sounds like you've heard it before? I'd have to disagree. Neither Landon or Rachel are typical of characters of their stereotype.		I found it a sensual read with genuine and well formed characters. I love reading anything by Serena Grey, she's a writer that just works for me. Reading her books are real escapism and a wonderful reading experience getting lost in her characters and their story.		The second book in the series is expected early next year. Although it didn't end on a major cliffhanger, I really hope that means January 1st!
0,Claiming the She Wolf by author Louisa Bacio is a great addition to the multi authored Black Hill Wolves series. I love how this author can take a story and make it blend seamlessly into a series that is already in motion.	Tala Los Lobos has been her home her whole life. She doesn't want to leave it ever. Her big brother thinks it is his job to protect her from life and all harm. She just wishes he could see she can take care of herself. She is not looking for a mate or any man to protect her. She wants to be independent. When her brother leaves for college she sees it as her chance to prove she is stronger than everyone believes her to be.	Yas he left town as soon as he could. He never wanted to see Los Lobos ever again. He is back now, determined to find a mate. He likes his sex a little on the rough side. He tends to be kind for no reason to all, but make no mistake he is pure dominate wolf inside.	I liked how both of these characters really needed each other. They each bring something the other cannot live without. They have great chemistry too which kept me turning the pages. I also liked getting to know the town of Los Lobos more. I really cannot wait for the next book in this series. I cannot wait to see where these amazing wolves go next and who falls in love.		  Five Shooting Stars
0,This story comes together well. Well written with passion, suspense and love. And, let's not forget about those hot hero's.
0,I really liked this cute and hilarious read. I loved the back and forth snappy remarks made by the main characters, who were all friends.
0,Wow this series is just plain amazing I love how all the books tell a stories and it does not get boring
0,Good epilogue. Considering that I absolutely loved the first book I knew I would appreciate another peek at my favorite gargoyle and mate.
0,Part 4 is great because it has a lot of scenes with Sid and Jack and you learn a lot about Sid's background. The scenes at dojo and afterward at the hotel are excellent. These two are a hot mess.
0,this is another of my favorite, really love this book moved me story is good and got into it, always go back and read them again.
0,Again, love these stories about real hard working Cowboys and lawmen. True values and when they realize they are in love, nothing stops them.
0,I could not put these books down! I can't decide which part of the books I like best? But they have it all, rest assured. Another of my fav authors just introduced herself. Thanks for writing such amazing books!
0,I loved this book as much as I did Keeping Kaitlyn.  The characters were great, and the descriptive of the dimension that they live in was wonderful.	The only complaint I had was there were a ton of typos in the Kindle version.  But it was nothing that I couldn't live with.		I don't give details of the story in my reviews; I think that you get enough in the book's description.		I hope you enjoy this series as much as I do; I am so looking forward to Capturing Caroline, the 3rd in the series.
0,has much more substance than most historical m to m books. Was also long enough to have more plot and character development.  I would recommend it highly.
0,Dawn Robertson I love your Amazing Awesomeness!!!! This lady can deliver a story that just pulls you right in, makes you hang on to every page like it's a damn lifeline or some crap (not the word I would have chosen...Lol). Truly a wonderful series, don't think anyone would be sorry they read it!!
0,It's hard to believe that the next book will be as good or better than the last, but I have yet to be disappointed. Mr. Cooper has the ability to make sure you won't want to put the book down until you know how it ends. I enjoy that twists and turns that keep me enthralled and wanting more.		This is probably my favorite book in the series so far as we got a glimpse of the characters human side and see them express real emotions.		Keep up the great work and I look forward to reading more.
0,Heather as a very descriptive imagination. I get easily consumed into her stories like this one. I have missed the characters so much! This series is a must read.
0,This is a great companion story for Speak No Evil & Tell No LIes...it lets us see some of Flo's demons & doubts she has lived with since the death of her son, her conflicted feelings for her daughters & her need to control from beyond the grave. The attention to detail is characteristic of this author's writing...you can feel the heat & humidity that is Charleston...you can just smell the mud flats & feel Flo's fear.
0,I took Trouble in Paradise with me to read at the pier while on vacation in Wisconsin. It was totally enjoyable, humerous and just the thing for a summer read. Carol Grace is a great writer of romance novels and I look forward to each one I get. Maybe my next vacation will be on a ranch!
0,This is essentially the story about three characters: Max (man who lost his wife, Leslie), Tessa (Leslie's best friend) and little boy Ryan (Max and Leslie's son).  The book tells the story of how Tessa and Max fall in love as they try to help Ryan with his difficulties as a child who has lost a parent.  It is was quite an enjoyable read and would highly recommend it
0,Beautiful. I love Alice and the love she have for her family made me cry. Family is the most important part of our lives. Please read this book<3 it.
0,Taste the Heat is full of heat! The attraction between the two jumps off the pages and readers can feel the spark of anticipation building. Rachel Harris writes in a way that makes you connect with the characters and makes you want to keep turning the pages for more. This is a fun and flirty read that I would recommend.		You will like this book if you like hot and spicy (but on the cleaner side) romances.		Probably the only way you would not like this book is if you prefer more down-and-dirty romances or if you just don't like romances. (And if you don't like romances, then why would you be reading this anyway?)		*Recommended for 18+ only.		(A copy was provided by the author for an honest review.)
0,OMG can it be a part 2
0,Review by Whitney at The Club	I received and ARC for an honest review.		Ava has been a single mother since she was 16. Finally taking time to go to school she struggles with making sure she is making the right choices for her and her son. Knowing she needs to do this to give him a great life she doesn't want to complicate it more by dating and especially dating a bad boy like Dax.	Dax has had a rough life. Joining a gang at a young age; being thrust into drugs and violence among other things he finally got clean and out of that life and is trying to be a good person and worthy of his friends and Ava and her son.		I think I love this book even more than The No A@*hole Rule. I love that even though Dax is huge and scary he has a soft and funny side. He laughs and makes Ava laugh along with treating her son as if he was his own. I love reading about a man that is tough yet has a soft spot for those few he lets close. Ava being so strong and independent, being a great mother and knowing what she needs to do and what is important for her and her son gives her character great meaning. Her and Dax compliment each other perfectly.		I give this book  5 stars
0,This book is Amazing! No, really it is. It's easy to read and understand with some humor to it. Highly recommend this book to beginners!
0,Josh and Mallory get a second chance at love.  Years ago Mallory made the decision to go to NY to pursue a writing career. Josh let her go and now she is back in town along with all former feeling coming back.  Now they both have to decided if their love is worth a second chance. Great story. Recommended read.
0,Loved the story but would like to know if her and Finn get together hope there is more to this story don't like to be left hanging
0,Leondra you are very talented keep doing you girl! I am very proud of you, keep up the good work
0,I just finished this last night. It was absolutely different than anything I've read in this (sub) genre.		FIrst, the author's take on Christmas is completely new and different. The author, Anastasia Vitsky, is funny. You will laugh out loud when you read this. The story is engaging and I liked all of the characters. I wanted more about Minelle and even when Claire was a brat, she was written in such a way that you still weren't annoyed or irritated by her. Although you were glad when she got her spanking!		A terrific read; funny, sexy and well written. I'd definitely recommend it.
0,This book was full of angst from all sides. It's an emotional story about love and forgiveness. It's amazing to see what the power of love can accomplish. I enjoyed the book, it's well written and the characters are amazing, even though Rocky and Lita are hard headed and stubborn most of the time. But that's what makes them perfect for one another.		I was given a copy by the publisher via Netgalley in exchange for an honest review.
0,Interesting and kept you wondering who the stalker was. I had two suspects but turned out neither one of them LOL. STILL THINK THE ONE WAS SHADY MAYBE NEXT BOOK LOL
0,CHA,TISSA,AND KOIR ARE SOME REAL CHICS THAT ALWAYS HAD EACH OTHER BACKS! THE WAY THEY WERE GETTING CARS WOW IS ALL I CAN SAY . CHANEL JONES I KNOW YOU'RE WORKING ON PART2  I CAN'T WAIT TO READ IT ! ALL I CAN SAY IS I LOVED IT !
0,Loved it very much. Nix and Kadence moving past the dark areas of life and blissfully holding on. Such a moving storyline.
0,Once again I can tell you I loved this and the continuation of the series. Kennedy's character is fierce and never gives up. Without giving much away I can tell you once you start reading your not going to want to put it down. The ending was completely different from all the others and leaves you wanting more. Well Done!
0,This is an entertaining, sexy, short story.  I can't wait to read the next book to find out what happens.
0,Delightful story and I enjoyed it. The story itself is a 5 star.  However, the writing is a bit stilted and abrupt.  It doesn't quite flow as good as it could.  Each book I've read of Ms. Carlton's is better and better.  The subject matter of Mail Order Brides is always interesting and I love it.  This author does a good job of describing the romance side of this life as well as the heartaches.  Josiah was lucky to find such a wonderful wife in Anna and I felt it in the book.  Thanks for writing a good storyline and I look forward to more and more of your books.
0,It was a good story
0,This is the fifth book in the Underwood Mysteries; and it was as wonderful as the previous four in the series. After being approached by a friend to free a wrongly convicted officer from prison in Australia, Underwood becomes embroiled in a mystery that almost costs him his life. This story is rife with villains and misadventure. I read the fifth book in the series quickly, as the characters have long since become dear friends!
0,what a great book it was. it was hard to put down. it was so very instering reading. reading about what went on in her world.
0,Very detailed book everyone did have ulterior motives was a very good read nonetheless.. Melissa was a sweetheart wished she cared about her marriage more
0,Another fantastic story by Lynn Red..  I just love reading her stories, especial when I am down..  they never fail to lift my sprites.  Lynn you must have a great sense of humor because this book is full of it.  This story is about Mali Aliexandra and Jake Danniken and their meet not-so-cute. and all of the exciting little twist they bring to there relationship..  I am honor to be able to read this story for a honest review..
0,Great read for a short story!
0,THANK YOU!
0,Loved the characters, loved the plot. Once more Ms. Chant has lead my imagination on a good run. The excitement of the story keep me up past my bedtime. Looking forward to more stories in this series.
0,If you are looking for a quick read this book fulfills the requirement .  Recommend to read the series in order.
0,Can I just say that I loved it? No?		This isn't my first time reading a book written by J.J., she's pretty good at that, but this book? OMG, from cover to cover, it caught me and didn't let me go until the last word. I was looking for something, but I didn't know what, anyway, this is how that resulted.		That Thing Between Eli & Gwen tells us about... yep, Eli and Gwen's lives. They are completely different in whatever thing you can think, but for some reason -the why I loved it-, they fit together, more than they can imagine.		Eli thought he's found the perfect woman, she is all like he is, and that's what he needs in his life, except that he never thought she'd be leaving him, and the worst? Running away with other man in their wedding's day. In the other hand, we have Gwen, she thought his fiance was the right man to share her life with. But when he runs away with the bride, all what she thought now seems fake. Now, both of them are "together", because it seems as if they're the only ones who can understand the other.		Overall, I really liked how they both end together, how after all what they had to go through... they can have their well-deserved true love. It was a pretty good read, all the plot was really well settled and the characters -all of them- were the right addition to the whole book, plus J.J.'s writing made my reading even better!		** I received an ARC in exchange of an honest review **
0,Yay baby! Patrice Michelle has done it again, 5 star novel, Josh's Justice in her Bad In Boots series. Patrice is a talented writer that even though in Josh Justice the hero and heroine fall in love within 3 days it felt so real. I was so engrossed in the hero/heroine time together did not even realize it is happening within a few days.		OMG! I am crushing on Josh the sexy wearing wrangler Cowboy/Fireman hero. Fell head over heals in love with him right from the beginning. Josh helps on his parents ranch but he is also a fireman. A bad incident that happened when he was a child left him to be a Fireman. Heart wrenching what happened that made him want to be a Fireman. He spends most of his days in the fire station to help him cope with the bad incident, that is until he meets Sabrina. Now he wants to spend time with her. She makes him feel alive.		Sabrina lost her father to a fire he was fighting to put out. She never gotten over it, left her a little bit of a control freak. She just had a relationship ended because she tried to control him. She decides to take a vacation and visit her best friend from college on a ranch, then she decides she is going to live in the moment and not try to control everything around her. Well that is easy until she meets Josh and they have chemistry right from the beginning. But he is a Fireman and her control issues want to come to the surface.		Their chemistry is hot. The sexual tensions got me hot and bothered to many times to count. I have never been so jealous of a character before now. Patrice had me wanting to be Sabrina so bad, especially in the scene with Josh and Sabrina riding a horse together. I loved how Josh was able to keep Sabrina's control matter under wraps especially in the bedroom. The little BDSM scene is wickedly delicious and written well. It was light and not over the top. The sex scenes will have you needing to take a cold shower and wishing you could find a yummy cowboy for yourself. Josh's dirty talking mouth had me panting and wanting him all to my self. Not only did I find them sexy in bed but outside of the bedroom too. They are so adorable together and perfect. Loved when they were playful. They way they flirt and tease each other was a joy to read. They do have a few minor bumps but they are not overly drawn out. I could not swipe my kindle fast enough to see what was going to happen next.		Loved how Colt and Elise from Colt's Choice (Bad In Boots #3) were part of the plot and how they are doing. Loved how the secondary characters are in it just enough that I want to know more. Mace had me giggling with his sexy charm and innocent flirting with Sabrina. I hope he gets his own story soon.		Patrice Michelle is an amazing story teller with a beautiful writing voice. She has the right amount of romance and a bit of mystery. Her novels are a feel good feeling. Josh's Justice is a keeper for me. Look forward to see who is next up in her Bad In Boots series and can not wait to see the lovely cover.		Orginally posted at Wickedly Delicious Book Blog
0,I very much enjoyed this story and look forward to reading more of Catherine Harper's books. Will written book and it kept your interest all the way through
0,Abigail meets a very nice looking young man at the restaurant where she is a Hostess! They see each other for a month and he must leave! She is devastated! Read this book for an amazing love story!  I really enjoyed this book!
0,Love your book Sammie J.  This book was worth reading and can't wait to see what else you come up with.
0,Very interesting species, world, beginning!!  Now I want more!  I want to know how Hain fares.  Where does she go, does she pollinate?
0,This was the first book of LA Cotton's that I have read and I absolutely LOVED it!!! I enjoyed the layout of the book. She gives you just enough information to keep you going for more. This hasn't even been officially released and I already want book #2. A must read. You won't be disappointed.		*I received an ARC in exchange for an honest review.
0,Theres so much in this part of the trilogy that I CANNOT TELL YOU!	I will say I was a bit suspicious regarding some of the things I learned, but I didn't see the story heading in this direction.		If you read my previous review, you know how I feel about cheating, but man did this story get complicated and intense. When they each return home, thinking the week is behind them, they also realize they are each forever changed. Finding each other sparked something within them that couldn't be undone. Elle returns to NYC and her family, finally being all in one place, and Sinclair returns to  NYC.		Yep, you read that right. Elle and Sinclair are BOTH IN NYC! That shouldnt mean anything, right? The city is full, FULL of people, so they probably won't run into each other. I mean, and Elle will definitely never find out who his darling girlfriend is, right?		I was in over my head with this one. As much as I despise cheating, I was in a constant argument with myself about who I was rooting for. There were so many feelings involved, not only between Sinclair and Elle, but also now between the others around them.		This trilogy quickly took control of me, and no matter my qualms against cheating, I found myself moving past them and becoming invested in the lives of these characters.
0,Another good book. Loved it
0,I can't get enough of this series. There is nothing like a HOT menage read, but one with a futuristic twist to it makes it all the better. I'm driving right into book 4 NOW!!!!! I absolutely recommend this book......this whole series. It's AWESOME!!!!!
0,After growing tired of being micromanaged by her parents and ex-fiance, Michelle Ruby made the choice to leave New York behind and make a life for herself in North Carolina. She has opened her own boutique, and she is ready to live her life on her own terms, and has a life "To Do" list to prove it. And she's not about to let anyone keep her from checking those items off her list...		She signs up for a 24 hour survival course with the intention of learning new skills to help make her feel like she can accomplish things solely on her own, but once she sets sights on her handsomely rugged instructor she begins to think he may be the perfect man to help her accomplish a few of items off of her naughty fantasy list too... now she just has to convince him to be her student!		Dex Young has been used by woman more times than he cares to count, he is always attracted to the ones that see him as the perfect bad boy that can be used to rub their families the wrong way. He is tired of being a pawn in their games, and has given up any hope of ever having a long term relationship, so he keeps things casual now days, and only does things on a one night basis. He enjoys his job as a search and rescue squad member but isn't so fond of having to teach survival skills classes in order maintain his license...especially when he's teaching those skills to upper class people who don't really appreciate the educational adventure. He is currently in need of	acquiring his yearly hours so his boss once again sends him to teach skills on a overnight camping trip to the very people he despises. But once he arrives and finds he only has one very sexy student to teach, things definitely start to look up...		This was my second visit to this series and I have to say that I thoroughly enjoyed every minute I spent reading this story, it had me laughing, smiling and blushing the whole way through. Dex completely stole my heart and had me flying right through the pages to see if he'd finally find his well deserved happy ending. Ms. Ryan has once again reaffirmed my belief that she is a true master at her craft, and has once again provided me with a well written and highly enjoyable literary escape!!		Highly recommend you acquaint yourself with the men of the Search and Seduce series, they are sure to steal your heart and provide you with a few hours of VERY satisfying reading!!		I voluntarily read and reviewed an Advanced Reader Copy of this book.
0,I am addicted to this author! This book was not as intense as some of the other books but was refreshing with a satisfying romance and some happily ever afters -- looking forward to more books from Tallulah Grace.
0,I too loved it and was asked to read and review, which I was only too happy to do so.		Now I also have to admit, I am not a fan of serial reads :) and generally avoid them, unless I can get the whole set. BUT... :) this did have a HAPPILY FOR NOW ending that was enough to keep me going until we get to enjoy the next instalment. :)		It is about a young woman who seems to have such bad luck in the man front, now deciding to focus on her new job. Her dear friend tries to set her up on a blind date with her friend a Billionaire Bear shifter. Goldie accepts with an open mind but it gets called off for business reasons, where she just chalks it up to experience again.		Meanwhile the sexy Bear Larry Woodson, has also decided to focus on his ever hopeful finding of his life mate.  It's handy that he is friends with Goldie's friend, and learning that Goldie had also lost her job, offers her one as his assistant. :)		Needless to say he does find his mate in her, but feels the need to take it slow. Goldie also has reservations, even though she really likes her boss! :) It's a well told story for a starting part and leaves you wanting much more that we will get to read in time. Both characters are so good together, you feel the need to 'will' them to move faster. You have to accept there is a past for each and that takes time to settle then really enjoy their budding relationship.		We now need more as the two get together on a deeper level. For Larry to reveal what he is and that their future is a permanent one. I also can't wait to see that all come about and Goldie finally get her happily ever after.		Thank you again for the opportunity to read and review. Roll on the next part. :)
0,So hot! I didn't buy this book, but I did buy the boxed set Stepbrother Studs: Taboo A-Z Boxed Set Volume 1. It has reads, letters A-D (with double D's) teehee! I figured since I'm reviewing the boxed set, might as well review them individually also. Not just to help the author,  because Selena needs no help, everyone already knows she has some of the hottest taboo out there! If you don't, them you obviously haven't read any of them and you should start by doing that now! This is my voluntary review of an individual story from a purchased boxed set.
0,It was hard to put this book down. The three subplots kept the story moving at a fast pace and the weaving of the characters was terrific. I am hooked !
0,Where did he go and why hasn't he called? My heart is breaking for Megan. This was a quick read with a cliffhanger, but that's okay because all the segments have been released. ;)		Onward to the second part!		I received a copy of this book from the author in exchange for an honest review.
0,I love a little suspense in a romance novel but quite often the books are too scary for me.  I don't like a book that makes me afraid to sleep at night.  I just can't handle when things get too graphic.  I gave this book a try because I had just finished one of the authors other novels, Blame it On Texas (which is not a suspense) and enjoyed it.  This was a perfect blend of suspense and romance for me.  The book has a lot of dynamics and I wasn't able to figure out who she was threatened by until close to the end.  I enjoyed the beginning, ending and everything in between.  Hope you enjoy it too!
0,Like people these days benge watch a series, benge read The Legally Bound series you won't regret it.
0,I love this collection of books!!	These stories are hot and show that there are men who LOVE women with curves. As a woman with an abundance curves, it's nice to see the herorine of these stories more reflective of myself. Embracing love and accpecting herself.
0,A great reference and resource to exercise and strengthen the memory and recall.
0,Savage Stalker is the debut novel by Ms. Kelly, and WOW what an amazing debut it was. Savage Stalker is the story of Kat, a rock star who has lost her ability to sing, and Dane, the president of Savage AngelsMC.  Kat is trying to recover from her accident and find her way in the world, and Dane was a very good friend of her mothers. He and his MC are trying to look out for her, even though she doesn't exactly know them yet.		Savage Stalker is not just a love story though, it also has a lot of action and suspense. Someone is after Kat and is willing to hurt others to get her. The boys in the MC rally around her and try to protect her. I will say that I honestly wasn't 100% sure who Kat's stalker was till very close to the end. I really enjoyed the suspense part of the book and trying to figure out for sure who was the one out to get Kat.		The one thing I really loved about this book was the "families" involved. Kat's band members and manager were her family and I loved the bond they all share with one another. The Savage Angels were Dane's family and they had a strong bond of brotherhood. When Kat and Dane got together, the band didn't just accept Dane but the whole MC and the same for the MC accepting the whole band and not just Kat. I like that the two families came together and that they all worked together to save Kat.		Dane is everything a girl wants in an alpha hero. He's strong loyal, possessive and protective. And he's sexy as hell.  Those were some steamy sex scenes! He was able though to let Kat be herself while maintaining that alpha badass vibe. Not that Kat is the type of woman who would have let him get away with trying to control her. Kat was tough, feisty and strong willed. I like my heroes to be alpha but I also like a tough heroine too. Weak female leads drive me nuts and I'm so happy Kat was definitely not weak.		I will anxiously be awaiting the next book in this series and hope for many many more.
0,WOW! This book took on so many important issues, such as PTSD, child abuse, mental health, and suicide. It was done in a way that made the story realistic and not harshly that the reader could understand the characters struggles. I was hoping Roxie and Cruz would be able to overcome all of their obstacles. They have a chemistry that you can feel through the pages. The ending was a definite surprise. This book is a must read! This book is my first from Nikki Prince. I look forward to reading more from her.
0,OH MY! What a steamy, erotic read by this author. This story continues in the same theme as book 1.  In book 2 Delilah & step-daughter Mandy are tranced and hooked on The Master and bringing in the sexiest and hottest young women into the talent agency for only the master. The women think they are going to get jobs in Hollywood but nope, its for only their Master and his breeding pleasures. In this story, it is focused on  Francesca. She is sassy and has this way about her . She goes from thinking she will find her big break to wanting to be with the head slave for her Master.	This story is extremely sexy, erotic, and steamy. My kindle was smoking hot by the time this story was finished ; I very much enjoyed this book and the characters in it. There is some light F/F action along with F/M/F action. I very much found myself wanting to read more and didn't want the story to end. The entrancing of the female characters for the males pleasures is a rush and there is an end game coming. I cannot wait to read whats next in this series.		My rating: 4.7 stars ****	 **I was given an ARC by the author in exchange for an honest review***
0,Great Read! I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys historical romance books. I can't wait to read the other books in the series.
0,What a story, starting the next book right now. Amazing how God's will can change lives for the better. Thanks
0,A very nice cook book, wonderful recipes with good variety for those of us who love spring rolls!!
0,Garett Ryan and nurse Vanessa Meyer meet in the ER......His riding his bike straight into a tree in Central Park provides the beginning of a cute love story.	Along the way there are background stories of the mother who adopted her.....and the Altzheimer's she is now experiencing.  A search for her birth mother adds an extra  dimeension to this very good book.  Worth reading!
0,d6b45-review		Fatal Wounds  they can be inflicted both mentally and physically, and some go deeper than others, depending on who perpetuates those cuts.		For Lana, her father and her brother beat her down with their words and their actions, never seeing her as more than someone to berate and shred her confidence, so she cowered to them and their demands. But the deepest wound  the one that ultimately broke her until she had the courage to build herself back up for herself and no one else  was the love of her young life, Mackson,		Macks gashes are many due to how he grew up and the fact that he could only rely on himself until he found his true family with Slater, but when the one person who meant everything to himthe person who he believed in more than anyone else and thought believed in him just as much betrays him, Mack becomes someone else, allowing those wounds to solidify and mold around his heart.		5 years is more than enough time to allow hatred and darkness to build, so when Lana and Mack are forced together due to a war just waiting to explode between Lanas brothers gang and the Portland Kings, emotions run high and truths are exposed that rock everyone to their core, making both Lana and Mack wonder if they can mend a relationship that ended with a series of misdeeds, becoming a better version of what they were.		Evie Harpers Portland Street Kings series is an intense and volatile ride that focuses on what happens when people learn to protect themselves and those they love by any means necessary. Theres a lot of bad blood between Lanas brothers crew and Slaters, which puts Lana right in the middle, almost like a pawn in a twisted game  a place she refuses to be but nonetheless finds herself in due to her connection with both sides.		A lot goes down in a short amount time in Fatal, and even at the end of the text, theres still plenty up in the air  situations that can end fatally for many involved. The mafia connection will need to be explored more in the stories to come because there isn't a significant amount of insight provided but now that Dellas story is coming, Im sure all will be revealed and the danger will only get more intense, which is saying something based on whats already gone down in the series.		A complimentary copy was provided in exchange for an honest review.		4 Poison Apples
0,This is truly the most amazing epic I have read since The Hobbit and I am not exaggerating. The relationships between all the the key characters are truly special. The Dwarves language and the way they speak throughout the series is perfect and exactly the way they should sound. The relationship between Roakore the king of the dwarves and his many wives and sons is hilarious, he is hands dawn the most colorful character out of them all. The story is wonderful and I can not wait for the movie. There is so much more I could say about this story but I am in the processes of reading book five and I am in a hurry to get back to it. What I wouldn't give for a signed, first addition, hardback copy of the entire series....
0,I really liked the Smart Diet principle. I think this is one of the most convenient ways to lose weight. Unlike other weight	loss methods, Smart Diet is for the long term and does not necessarily relies on will power that punishes dieters who are into popular diet programs. And the book goes into detail what are the right foods and beverages to select, what specific foods to avoid (also in a particular restaurant). What I like about the book is that it provides a list of alternatives, for example, for the foods loaded with deadly fats, high calories and sugar.		The recipe section of the book is a huge bonus. I think it can be made into a separate book. That great list of healthy recipes really added a lot of value to the book. Awesome book!
0,I hadn't read any Heidi Rice books until I found this one. I am glad I chose this Valentine story. This is a book to read in a day. I find this story to be a mix of humor and sadness. Heidi gave us a good story line. Rosie is done with Valentine's Day. She was dumped a year ago. Now with her friends, Tash and Imo, she is out to have a one nighter. She sees Cal at the bar looking sad. Rosie is fairly drunk and goes off with him. Spoiler. They are on and off. Don't miss the art class scene. Spoiler. Then here comes when she learns he is a famous photographer. Then she finishes her debt. Spoiler. There are a few twists and turns from here on out. Don't miss the Big One near the end. I liked this story. I must say my recommendation for this book is that it is an over 18 story. Don't let this story get past you. Enjoy this story! I have this book for an honest review for NetGalley.
0,Chicken and Pasta are two ingredients I like very much. Every week without fail we have a pasta dish and a chicken dish in our household.		I am so pleased that this book offers me exciting new chicken pasta recipes I can introduce into our weekly menus.		The Easy Chicken Tetrazzini recipe sounds really good and I am sure my kids will love it!
0,I received an ARC for an honest review.		Overall I thought this was a very well written, engaging MC story! The Prologue was fantastic, sucking me right in. Arden (Irish), love the name Arden by the way, was a sexy biker with a bit of a softer side. Valentina (tina) is on the run from her past and the last thing she needs is another bad boy entering her life. I enjoyed their dialogue and felt in when Tina started to fall for Arden. I thought they were great together!		 My only complaint keeping this story from being a 5 star read to me is that the ending felt rushed! I needed more from it and I was disappointed by the Epilogue.		Regardless, this is definitely a must read MC series!
0,I received a complimentary copy of this book in order to review it and gosh am I glad I did. This was my first Nancy Warren book. I absolutely loved the book. I look forward to reading more in the Toni Diamond Mystery series.		The book was an easy read, you really got to know the characters, the language was clean, not an "f bomb" every other sentence, and just down to earth. You can relate to each of the characters and being a retired PTA mom I definitely related to the convention atmosphere. And as most women, I can relate to the make-up part and picked up a few tips. There was humor it as well as the suspense of a murder that got you thinking. Great book and highly recommended.
0,Jenn Bennett has done it again! Another great book in her Savannah Martin series! Love me some Rafe and Savannah
0,what a wonderful collection of full length books. I loved every one of them. They were all unique vampire stories.
0,The Starlight Chronicles just keep getting better. With the competition right around the corner, Lark and her band are in top form. The dark spot is that Larks grade school nemesis is also competing and is doing what he can to get into her head, or is that really his angle? Since the talk about her father, Lark and her mom have a new relationship. In fact everything seems to have a positive spin, until tragedy strikes leaving Lark to try to pick up the pieces.	It was great to Stevie fleshed out a bit. He was seeming a bit like a cardboard cutout, just there to be a third member of the band and turned into an integral part of the story. The drama with Larks dad is far from over and the loose threads of Larks association with Dwayne still need to be reeled in. All the characters are again more developed, more real, than previously and the story is better for it. I did feel that Beans story line was a abruptly dealt with. There was so much potential there. It does make it seem that I may have been right about my feeling back in the book 1 about how important Dwayne is going to become.		This third installment is well written, with emotion and a heart, and with some interesting twists to keep you coming back for what has to be a fourth installment.?.		I received a copy of this book in exchange for an honest review
0,Again, Tim O'Rourke has left the reader completely shocked. I do not usually begin my review with the end of the book, however, it is the end which unravels some serious revelations, after many twists and turns. I love how these novels surprise the reader. They are unpredicatble and yet still believable and in line with the whole series. Hence, the five stars that it truly deserves.		The writing is excellent, as in 'Dead Seth (Keira Hudson Series Two, Book 4)' we are subjected to the history and background behind Jack Seth, the Lycanthrope, the cursed killer wolf. This novel is written from mostly Jack Seth's point of view as he narrates to Keira his story of how he became cursed and detailing the life that he led growing up. As in most of the Keira Hudson novels there are many twists and turns, especially on the emotional scale. This book is no exception.		We realise the many corners that Jack Seth's life turned, how he was mentally tormented and how unstable his whole family life was. It would be wrong of me to reveal anything more without spoiling the story as this is a must-read. There are moments when the reader hates what he is doing and other moments when we feel compassion and understanding for him. Once the reader is engrossed in the thick of the story it is easy to empathise with Jack and I must admit that, apart from the paranormal/fantasy side, there are elements that feel very real. The mental torment, lies, betrayal, and the instability are all elements that real people, real children have lived through and are living through.		Keira's point of view is also told in 'Dead Seth', as she is desperately wanting to escape in order to save her father and Potter. However, as Jack is telling her his story she does feel for him. At the same time she is gradually turning to stone which proves difficult for her to even talk to him at times. During the whole read I kept asking myself; will she escape, will she rescue her father, Potter, or both or will she turn into a statue?		Throughout the first half of the book I did feel the need to know exactly what Potter was doing and how Murphy and Kayla were. This is no different to when reading the novella, 'Dead Night - Potter's Secrets (Keira Hudson Series 2, Book 1.5)', and 'Dead Angels (Keira Hudson Series Two, Book 2)' where we are told Potter's story and in the latter, Isidor's. As these books focus on the one character mostly I did terribly miss the others and was desperate to know what they were going through and what they were thinking.		However, in hindsight, I think that this is a fantastic way of writing as it allows the reader to get up close and personal with each character, good and bad, and become fully aware of them and understand their point of view. It also makes it the more exciting when we are reunited with the other characters in the following books as we have waited with eager anticipation and cannot wait to sink our minds into the next adventure.		All of the Keira Hudson books are interwoven and provide a great backbone for all of the others. I would strongly recommend that any reader of this book, along with 'Dead Statues (Keira Hudson Series Two, Book 3)', should read the earlier books and novellas of series one and series two. This would really assist the reader in understanding the whole picture: where these characters have come from, their adventures together and also their connection between each story and the other characters.		I simply cannot wait for the next instalments, 'Dead Wolf' followed by 'Dead Water'. However, I am glad that I am finally up-to-date with the series.
0,I loved this book and the first one.  The humor is right on.  Of course this book has everything that I love in reading such as good-looking cowboys, military men, romance, and women who take no flake but love their guys no matter what.  I just hope these are not a two book series because would like maybe a Christmas novella with Terry and Mrs. Brennan getting married and following up about the others.  Then we got a glimpse of Liam and Stacy and would like to know about their history with follow ups about Trisha's PTSD and maybe her and Brett getting married and both having kids maybe even twins.  This is a great series to read but I just not ready for their stories to end. Great job Donna.
0,Omg great series but seriously the book is like a chapter,how many more books are there?dont get me wrong I love the series it's an amazing read,highly recommended,but how does he know her? And why is he punishing her for?
0,Short and sweet.  Two people find each other after years together. A quick read and good character building. I enjoyed it.
0,& I don't cry. Your story was so heartwarming & full of emotion. I read & enjoyed almost all of Sable's book, but this one struck home for me. It a wonderful story of learning to trust first and then let yourself love. Not always an easy task, but so worth it.
0,I didn't read the authors first book, in this series, in fact hadn't had the pleasure of reading this author at all. What a tremendous find!  This story (as a stand alone was really good. Set in small town America with just a couple of main characters, this story moves along at just the right pace, adding mystery, suspense, a bit of romance and a splash of humour making for the perfect recipe in this story! Definitely a fan for life and following the authors book release dates! I I received a complimentary copy of this story in exchange for an honest review.
0,Read it in one sitting, could not put it down. It was a fantastic book, immediately brought book two. Can't wait for more in this series!!!!
0,the story line was interesting and different.  I read this manga over after the first time and still find this one of my favorite story lines.
0,I have read this entire set and each story is as good or better than the rest ! I still can't believe I only paid 99 cents for this book. I can't wait to read more from this author!!  Each book had me on the edge of my seat and up for hours to see how they end.
0,I've read all of the books and they're so good. I can't wait for the next one. I hope it keeps up this
0,I received this eARC for review from Pippa DaCost.	5 Stars for Drowning In The Dark by Pippa DaCosta	Fighting. Its the only thing matters now. Fight because she cant sleep-her parasite sees to that. Fight to try and save her city. Fight because its what she does best. And every move is watched by the Prince of Greed. Mammon/Akil is always there, watching and waiting.		The veil is close now. Demons are coming through every day, and the Institute has their hands full. After burning to the ground, Adam had to find new digs to continue his research. Muse has no idea where the new facility is, but she knows Adam has a half-bloods there, and that she must find them.		Without giving away the book, this installment was GREAT! So many twists and turnsthe first chapter nearly caused me heart failure! And then we learn a secret from Ryder. A scary, gut wrenching secret that causes Muse to double her efforts to find Adam and the Institute. Muse still has her past owner deep inside her, wrapped around her heart, squeezing the life out of her haunting what little sleep she gets with horrid images, and the only way to dislodge him is to let Akil in. As Stephen says Well done. You swapped one psycho for another. And lets not forget the title Mother Of Destruction bestowed on Musehow easy it would be to just let go and become Her.		There is so much going on in this storyFighting, confessions, and destruction. Amazing, scary, and important discoveries. So many things change, and connections are made. Im looking forward to book 5 (Ties That Bind) almost as much as Im dreading it! These charters have become close to me, and I cant imagine Muses story ending.		The author, Pippa DaCost, has asked me to read and review this eARC (electronic Advanced Reader Copy). I jumped at the chance because the story of Muse, Akil, Stephen and all of the other characters are fascinating, intriguing, and bound to me almost as tightly as Akil is to Muse.		Please do yourself a favor, and pick up this series. You really need to read the previous books in the Veil Series before starting this one. Its much better to start at the beginning with Beyond The Veil (book one), and enjoy the entire story.		Independent Reviewer	Jackie Huntington
0,Wasn't sure what to expect, I'm not a big vampire genre fan and was pleasantly surprised by this book. It's witty and fun and fast paced.
0,I wouldn't mind some hard candy like Dale and Nick, for Christmas! They are hot, and Lia is funny and very likable.
0,An enjoyable read. The stories in this book about this women will touch you. I enjoyed this book from start to finish. I recommend this book to anyone that would like to take a walk in someone else's shoes and see what their life is like.
0,Karen Neal done an awesome job with her very first book. She stepped on the scene with Grey Family Preys and let me tell you, they are well protected by their very own Katrina. You best believe Katrina is nothing to mess with when it comes to her family, if you don't believe me then get you a copy and read it for yourself. Keep in mind that you've been warned.		Great Job Karen, I look forward to reading more from you. :)
0,Mind-blowing!!! What an awesome book! Loved, loved, loved it! I have a major book hangover.		Not sure where to start, but I will say Ivory Quinn writes beautifully! Her characters in this book were so full of life. We meet Gabriel, a dark, tortured soul who finds Noelle and feels that she is his redemption. Gabriel is the lead singer of Darkness Falls and also public enemy number one from some past events. Noelle is a sweet, innocent school teacher, but she is sucked into Gabriel's world immediately. Gabriel's world starts to obtain some balance with Noelle involved and he is looking foward to their future.		Noelle didn't realise she was crying until someone handed her a tissue. The crowd was hushed with rapt attention, realizing they were listening to something very special. It was as though he'd ripped the demons from his body and shattered them into the glittering shards that poured through his vocal cords.		We also meet Jax, the lead guitarist for the group. He is Gabriel's friend and a sweet, kind, sexy man. He takes a fancy to Noelle, despite Gabriel's jealousy.		"Noelle, will you promise me something?" He said slowly and she shrugged. "Depends on what it is." "If things don't work out between you and angel boy here, you'll marry me?" Noelle burst out laughing. "That's very sweet Jaxon, but I really don't think I'm your type." "Baby, I didn't have a type until I met you." He winked. "Now I'm all about the sexy red-heads that are good with food."		Something happens between Gabriel and Noelle that forces their relationship to detail and all I can say is I never saw it coming! I was hit by a freight train of ugly emotion! I kept thinking, no, that can't be. Ms. Quinn wouldn't do this, would she? I can't say anything more because I don't want to give anything away. But I highly recommend this book and this wonderful author! I have started the second book in the series now and thank God, I didn't have to wait for that one!!		This was one of my favorite books of this year so far!!		I received this book in exchange for an honest review.
0,I love the Argeneau family! Lindsay Sands does a wonderful job of writing about them. I easily get caught up in the funny problems of a vampire's life. And the finding of a 100 year-old or older perfect love!
0,My granddaughter got my Kindle and said Grammie, you don't have any kids books on here so I loaded some on.  When we read this she just giggled and giggled.  Seemed to be a good book to her and that is all that matters.  She was 7 and her sister was almost 6,.  They both really enjoyed it and loved reading themselves.
0,Definitely a book for any modern woman who wishes to wear todays short shorts!	Good advice and easy too, not as expensive as going to a plastic surgeon.
0,I love Deborah Bladon's books and this one is another winner I can't wait to read the other parts. Most books I hate waiting for the 2nd or 3rd part but the anticipation of her books I don't mind (I really do but I'm trying to be nice). I also love how she brings back other characters so we see how their lives are progressing and growing. We need to see Noel, and Caleb, Sadie and the others are doing. God just buy these books you won't regret it.
0,A really gripping short story, and a great companion piece to anyone, like me, who loved the Deviant series.
0,Tony and Charlotte have known each other since they were children. Different interests and her short marriage have kept them apart, but now Charlotte is willing to admit there's something very attractive about 'nerdy' Tony. One thing leads to another and the geek finally gets the girl in this fun and sexy novella.
0,Hunted is an exciting action thriller which will keep your heart beating fast and your mind entertained with a thrilling storyline. I am not going to tell you about the book because I don't want to mess it up for you. But Eugene does a good job building his characters and especially his main character Rory. He keeps you motivated to read on and on with all the wonderful writing.	I would definitely recommend this book to all those who like a well written and exciting thrilling book.	Pattimari Sheets Cacciolfi, Therapist and Author of Frozen Time
0,:)
0,Books involved are: Lightening Strikes, After the Storm, and Blizzard Wedding.		Now, if you are not familiar with "round robin" writing, it's a BLAST. One writer starts the story, writes so much, then hands the story off to the next writer. There are NO RULES!!! The next writer can take the story wherever they want. When they are done, the story is passed along to a 3rd, writer, and so forth, until you run out of writers, or the story is completed. (hopefully both.)		The writers for this first book blended their ideas so well, you really can't tell where one writer ended, and another began. This story will clearly leave you wanting more, but remember, it's the first part of 3 of these sessions. All 3 books are free, and quick reads, so you don't have to feel like you have to "buy" the ending.		Now...Concerning this specific story...cute, creative, left me hurrying to read the next book. I would recommend to the writers, to go ahead, and bundle the 3 short stories together in a free short anthology, to avoid confusion for the reader.		Well written, writers!
0,This book made me cry. Beth gets so attached to Kaylee. This is the third child Beth has to lose in her life and it starts to feel like she will never have a child to love.  Parker is beginning to make me not like him. I really don't like how Hannah and her adopted mom treats Beth. I wish they would try and understand.
0,I love this book. Would have given 5 stars all the way if it was longer. Your character development is solid and easy to fall into their story. Good job!!!!! And thank you for proofreading and editing. This book was a good story without having to stumble through errors. Much appreciated!!!
0,This is not your typical story.  Yes there is love.  But it is so much more than that..  The way they connect..is special..  I liked how it was in each perspective.  I fell in love with Emilia Winters writing.  This is not a book you can put down..
0,Can't wait for the next one
0,Not normally the kind of stuff I would normally read but occasionally I like to step way out of my comfort zone. I enjoyed this book. I have never been tempted to play with fire. Don't think that will change but I loved this book.
0,Great read love both main characters.  Different story line, original, but the author makes it work. Hope to keep reading the next one
0,I really enjoyed this one. It was sweet, funny and some parts made me tear up. Very good story and I'm glad I got to review it.
0,This was the first book I read in this romantic series, but I had no trouble following the story line. It almost reads like a standalone book. But after reading this enjoyable tale, I am planning on reading the first book in the series.		The book starts out with Ash and Olivia becoming engaged. They are both over 50, and they have both had previously failed marriages. Olivia is still recuperating from a very difficult break up with her cheating husband. As Ashs and Olivias relationship grows, they are faced with the complexities of a blended family and often have to take a backseat to other romances that develop among the younger characters in the story. Some of them are members of a band, and trying to maintain long distance relationships can be problematic, and then when the troubles of one band member surfaces, Ash and Olivia step in to help solve the difficult situation.		This is a well-crafted, heartwarming love story about finding love again and trust in a blossoming new relationship. The story ends on kind of a cliff hanger, and Im looking forward to reading how it gets resolved.
0,Love it, love it love it! You have to read this book because from beginning to end its just fabulous. You truly have to keep your circle of friends small.
0,The main character Red is an absolute jerk and I still feel that he needs to find his submissive side, but the series keeps pulling me in and wanting more!
0,I love this series.  Each story keeps getting better and better.  Great suspense, action, and adventure.  The writing is very good and so is the dialogue.  Looking forward to more in this series!!
0,Never certain of what to expect , Im always nervous to read the sequel of a book that I love, but Resilient was everything I wished for and so much more. This exuberant story took me back to the lives of my beloved characters and once again I was enchanted by their story.		When we last read about Katrine she was broken hearted from a relationship that was suppose to be a Rebound but meant so much more. Now six months later and being the badass that she is, Katrine is determined to move on with her life, finish her MBA and kick ass at her new job; fortunately for her she has the help of her adorable son Teddy and some of the most fantastic friends anybody could ask for. All of my favorite characters from the first book are back and wackier than ever, plus there's a few new ones that complemented the story fabulously. This book had me laughing hysterically from beginning to end, and it just made the characters and the situations so much more relatable, more than once I felt like this story could easily be my life, no embellishments just lessons, romance and pure unadulterated fun.		Katrine is willing to learn from her mistakes and is also trying to be more open about what the future might bring, but she is still hurt and as much as she wants to forget about a certain someone her heart still aches for Xander. I was surprise by the new direction in which her life was going in the first part of the book but found myself loving the new and exciting possibilities. The truth is this story was totally unpredictable and I was delightfully surprised at every turn.		I can't begin to explain how crazy Katrine's friends are; their take on every situation is so ridiculously funny that you won't be able to control the laughs. We have the gay sidekick "Gusband", the straight forward tells-it-like-it-is gal, the "I'll cut a bitch" friend that has your back no matter what, the sweet and protective sister, plus a few more equally outrageous individuals and I just adored every single one of the secondary characters of this story. Another aspect that I really appreciated was that the man and the love interests while important in the story were not the center of it all, this novel is about girl power, being strong and living your life by your own rules and not having to apologize for it but to embrace who you are, no matter what.		I would recommend this book to absolutely everybody! I had a great time reading it and fell in love even deeper with Xander and Katrine. The writing style was witty, honest and very sexy. So now ,stop reading this review and do yourself a huge favor a go read Rebound first, followed by Resilient preferably accompanied by a nice glass of red wine and let this wonderful story take you on an exhilarating ride, where second chances are even sweeter and if you don't watch out you might even get hit in the eyeball with a woman's saggy boob.		Last I want to thank the author for adding a music playlist that complemented the story fabulously.
0,Awesome book! Super easy to read. I think I am better person, and think that my sister (we are very close to each other) is looking me funny these days. She thinks I changed, which is totally awesome. Maybe other people will notice change, and will treat me better. I won't be nervous anymore!
0,This was the perfect quick read. I immediately fell in love with Candy and Z. Candy was unhappy with her life and just went through the motions. She felt that because she was a stripper that no one could ever love her. That was until Z finally made his move. There were complications such as Elliott and Pamela.		The title says it all. And now I have a sweet craving after reading this book!! I cant wait to read more.
0,I am not sure how I found this book. However, I am sure that I took a chance on it because I had just read some other baseball romance stories and thought, why not. To my surprise it had an element that I did not expect. The D/s theme was tasteful and  interesting. I am not personally into the lifestyle nd have to admit, my only experience/knowledge was from that famous book about Ana and Christian. So needless to say, I have very little factual knowledge. The differences in this title and the other is apples to oranges. This story has peaked my interest.		My only regret is I felt the ending was a tease that left me wanting more. I still have questions about what happened. Questions that frustrated me. Do get me wrong the story is good...Well I might have liked a bit more baseball action.
0,I'm not that big on Christmas books at all but I read everything Sabrina writes and Just like everything else she writes I loved this Christmas novella.	We get to catch up with Kate and Caulter and have front row  seats to their wedding. Their wedding that Kate is eight months pregnant at.	This is a hot, funny well written  and did I say hot? Book. Just like all of Sabrina's books I loved it!
0,Great series
0,From time to time I read a book of this genre to refresh my knowledge. This book is consistent and rich. The author knows what he is talking of and proposes even the techniques that I did not know until now.	I've learned a lot and I am happy this book is on my bookshelf. I will read it again in the future for sure
0,Great set of romance stories that include our Heavenly Father.  I will be reading more stories from this author. Thanks for sharing your imagination.
0,ARC given in exchange for an honest review		I really enjoyed this book. This is the first book I have read from the author and I have to say that I wasn't disappointed. The author has a way with words and gets you drawn and hooked. This book will keep you on your toes and you will want to help out the characters. To watch a love form between two people and the battles & struggles they must overcome.		Ellie is a school teacher and she loves what she does. She takes her dog out for a walk and sees something and runs off. She meets Liam and has to stay away from his type. Only one night changes that. How does it end? Read it and find out :)		Great job to the author. This was a really good book. I highly recommend.
0,Exposed	Ivy Stone		Lindsey and Mason are both flawed, both have secrets and are both willing to take a risk with their hearts.	Lindsey is a great female character tough, caring despite the horrible upbringing.	She's just trying to survive the best way she can.  Being a surrogate mother to her younger sister comes with it trials and tribulations.	Mason has issues as well over a tragedy that he can't quite get over.	Together they have chemistry will stop them hooking up.	Major plus Mason dirty mouth  " your ass is not leaving till it say morning to my cock."
0,Loved it.
0,What can I say but simply Fantastic. What a moving book that everyone should read tissues are a definite must but this book will stay with me for a very long time to come. This book shows just what our military families go through on a daily basis and the support systems that are back home waiting for them as they protect and serve our freedom. Sophie told this story in different characters POV and made you love it from the first page right up till the very end. If you are looking for a read that will touch your heart this is a definite read for you
0,Great book with great tips and simplified methods. This book has helped me a lot as it contains of amazing tips on how to change or modify your habits in order to live a success and happy life. Must read !
0,If u thought part 1 was good omg part 2 is a beast.  I couldn't get enough of this book. All the secrets came out in this book and when I tell you that you will not be able to put this book down.  The drama and backstabbing is just the beginning, words can't explain how good this book was. Can't wait for part 3
0,Excellent story for a young reader.  Through the story it explores all sides of bullying and with power comes ethical responsibility.  Friendship, emotions of puberty and being kind to others are all threads in this magical story.
0,this book was written very well. I understood Nicole's hesitation about moving on and letting people in, I suffer from the same thing. I'm glad she got past it and found a love of a lifetime. great job Brown.
0,I thought Marraige by Mistake by Alyssa Kress was a fun, entertaining book. It had good likeable charecters and a good storyline. I look forward to reading more books by this author.
0,This series has been a great one from the very beginning I'm hoping that this series continues . Hopefully there will be further adventures for Simon as this story could go so much further, the groundwork is already been laid for that. Whether they continue want to story or create more for this world I look forward to the next one and I will definitely buy it .
0,Who wouldve thought that cooking could be this fun?  I never knew there was a special use for Mason Jars.  I love salads and now I can easily prepare my favorite salads ahead of time.  And they don't get soggy!  I love the breakfasts too.  Ive been eating a different mason jar breakfast every day, but my favorite is the Strawberry & Chocolate Yogurt Parfait.  Yumbo!  Somehow feel like I am being a little healthy and it is so delicious.		Mason Jar Meals are really easy to do.  Alexa is the master of quick and easy.  And these recipes take the cake because they are fun and tasty!
0,Loved this story I loved this story with the Aces story lines I love this storyline between Sydney and Jared and nice to see Sydney can be able to get pregnant with Jared's kid and also glad that his ex wasn't pregnant also that was great for Sydney. Loved the whole hockey story line as well with the whole playoffs and not getting another Stanley Cup was cool too loved it great book loved it and Kelly is an amazing author too thanks for amazing book
0,Fiona life hasn't been easy. From the time she went to foster care she had to fight. When she meets Shelly and David her world changes. Until an unexpected incident that takes Fiona husband David away from her and their daughter Emma Grace.		All goes well for three years until a person from Fiona past wants to destroy it. From Fiona fighting to get away, to a car accident. After she wakes from her injuries, she finds two handsome wolf shifter that will do everything in their power to protect her and Emma.		Emma Grace is a lil angel that has everyone under her spell even a lil boy who claims her as his mate.		Can two strong alpha and beta men break the walls that surround the woman they love. Can she see that the dates brought her a family she never had. Can Declan learn to not be the big bad wolf?		Will Fiona survive all that comes to her or will she see there is nothing to lose if you don't try.
0,What would every writer love? The perfect hero like the ones she writes about to live up to her dreams. That's what succerssful author Helen is looking for when she takes a break from writing and starts to live life again. But does the perfect man exist? A thoroughly enjoyable and fun novel that will keep you turning the pages! Two stories perfectly interwoven for the price of one!
0,Okay story about a husband trying to be the best man that he can be to his wife. Giving instead of always receiving.
0,Awesome read, amazing how someone can write and keep their readers in suspense until the end.	Can not wait til the next in the series
0,I loved this set of mail order bride books. They were all romantic and interesting. I would recommend this book to all my family and friends
0,I absolutely LOVE these children's books.  Werner has such a sweet way of telling stories with a moral to each one.  Each book is becoming a favorite and I can hardly wait to get my grandson in my lap to read them to him.  I highly recommend you get these stories for your little ones.
0,Another good book series....read one and had to read more....an engrossing story....
0,I will give it five stars because it deserves it, although I do have some reservations. Far too much inner dialogue from our hero. Up to four pages of it in places. I found myself skipping over much of it because by the time I read through it all I couldn't remember where we were before it started.
0,This was a good read, it could have been much better with a build up of the characters. When I think back it kind of felt like coming after the start of a movie and just diving right in. I would recommend this book because it is a wonderful love story. I just wish the author had added mired details..
0,Pretty good book. Her soon to be stepbrother gets out of rehab for sex addiction, he's going to  be living in the same house as her. We can all see where this is going, right?		The story, though smutty, was actually pretty good.
0,This novella had the charming vintage style of a story actually written in the 1920s. The writing, setting, characters, and dialogue felt authentically old-fashioned, in the very best way. I love descripting writing, and Miss Foley's was rich and atmospheric. It's also infused with a certain fairy-tale quality to help draw in the Twelve Dancing Princesses tale. Though this story was short, the characters were extremely well drawn and easy to understand, the intrigue made me desperate to know how it would all turn out, and the moral questions raised were deep and caused me to think, "I hope I'd be brave enough to do the right thing in that situation!"	The only thing I'd have wished for is a certain part of the action toward the end to have been depicted rather than just summarized, but leaving it out did help the story wrap up nicely and neatly and didn't really take away from the story itself.	I look forward to reading all of Miss Foley's works!
0,Jennifer and Rocket by Anita Claire is another incredible romance novel within the brilliant stunningly series. All of the novels in The Princess of Silicon Valley can be read separately. That's one of the reasons I love this series so much. Jennifer is tired of metro-sexual men. She wants a real man. When she eyes Rocket with the tats and piercings, she doesn't think there's much more to this hot man than meets the eyes. Rocket has spent his entire time, wasting it away with drinking and tons of women. But now he wants to settle down and the middle school teacher, Jennifer, is the one he wants to settle with. He takes her to an art gallery where she finally learns there is indeed more to this sexy man that she first thought. Jennifer's story isn't complete without the help of her college friends and her title: Princess. Anita Claire has beautifully written an adult novel that is realistically enchanting. Her characters are real, hot, and have flaws that make them interesting. I loved reading each and everyone of her novels in this exciting series. Every girl in this series has gone through their own situations and there's always plenty of hot men to satisfy readers' attention. I would recommend reading Jennifer and Rocket to all. I enjoyed their adventure and journey and I have no doubt others will fall in love with them too. Overall, I rate it a five out of five stars.
0,Stephen del Mar has written a contemporary fantasy set on the Gulf Coast of Florida that contains mythical beings, as well as every day humans. His writing is excellent, and even though there were a few word usage issues (i.e. waste versus waist), they were minor and easily overlooked. His characters were believable because they weren't perfect. Im so sick of reading books with the characters all having six pack abs, perfect lives, and cookie cutter romances. The characters in this book are not at all like that. I felt that if I got on my motorcycle and rode a couple hours north that I could actually sit down and talk with Dieter and the rest of the cast.		Dieter Reinhold has just lost his Uncle Wolfgang. Now he and his brother Paul are the last two surviving family members. His brother Paul ran off at the end of high school and Dieter isn't close with him at all. Dieter was very close to his uncle, but his brother Paul was not.  Paul comes to the funeral and stops by the old farm for a few minutes, but says that Uncle Wolfgang was a nutter and a horder and that the bulldozers can clear all the junk away when they sell the property.  Only one problem.  Dieter isn't that interesting in selling the property.		After finding a mysterious cold to the touch box with rubies inset in it, Dieter finds that he is the only one who can open it. (Well in truth, his brother can as well, but the brother isn't really part of the story, so well ignore him in this review because I personally didn't like him and Im the reviewer so it is my decision, LOL.) Inside the box is some dust, two fangs and a priceless ruby.  It doesnt take Dieter long to put two and two together and realize, based on Uncle Wolfgangs having been confined in a death camp in Nazi Germany when he was a child, that the dust is actually human ashes.		A few too many beers follow, and then Dieter calls his ex, Innes, who is a male witch (although Dieter thinks thats a load of crap).  When Innes arrives and sees the box and what is written on it, he calls the witch living next door to the Uncles farm.  Dieter is told that the fairies have said that he must not ejaculate into the box and onto the ashes under the full moon or something bad will happen. Really. What are you thinking right now? I was thinking. OK.so why would someone masturbate into a box of what looked like human ashes anyway???		I probably don't even have to tell you that at some point there is masturbating and ejaculation into the box of human ashes. There are also fairies, witches, bears, a tease about some dragons living nearby, gypsies or Romani, a teenager who was actually born in the 1300s, an evil vindictive spirit and even some fairy bukkake!  In between it all there is lots of well put together storytelling.		I really enjoyed this book. It was a fairly light read and I read the entire book in one day. Most of you will probably take a couple days unless you are reading fools like me. One note, the sex in the book is mainly fade to black.  You know the sex occurred, but it doesnt occur within the pages itself. So if you're looking for one of those sex on every other page, in full gory detail, type of books, this isn't it. Move on. If you're more about the story and characters than the sex, then give it a try.		I recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a good contemporary fantasy tale. While it set not that far from where I live in Florida, Im pretty sure my part doesnt have fairies, dragons and witches. Damn it! I would so like it to have all of the above!		RATING: 4.5 Stars (Originally reviewed for Love Bytes Same Sex Romance Reviews)
0,Tanner Nd Jin's story was amazing!  It was full of action, suspensions sizzling to say the least	 I can't wait to read the next one!
0,I enjoy smoothies and always looking for new recipes. This book cover has some interesting detox, energising, immune boosters recipes.  I made the strawberry-a-peeling drink for improving digestion and it was delicious.
0,One of the best I read.
0,I read this book in bits and pieces over the course of a week.  There's a great mix of prose and poetry in here, and while the tone shifts from piece to piece, I think everything is well-written and certainly entertaining.		A lot of the material here carries with it a very "mythological" feel.  Those readers who are into Fantasy RPGs like D&D would find a lot of inspiration here.  I don't necessarily mean ripping it verbatim from this book, but rather see how the author has crafted each tale to speak to a certain aspect of the mythology and go from there.  The stories involving the various divine aspects (Love, Death, Fame, etc.) work especially well for this.		A fair number of the stories in here are satirical in nature, and while I'm not much of a satire fan, these pieces are still quite good and entertaining.  Some of them are also "modern mythology" and may appeal to those who like Pratchett, Gaiman, and other, similar writers.		All told, this is a quick-reading book with a little bit of everything.  Whether you like Weird fiction, fantasy, satire, comedy, poetry, or prose, The New Death has something for you.
0,This book was mind-blowing! I LOVED IT! It was intelligent, emotional, exciting, intense & well written. I really got into this series. This book was even better than the 1st one. The only thing that I hate is that the next book is not yet available. Talk about a cliffhanger!?		The adventure was so great. The battle scenes were intense & yet easy to follow. The bad guys are pure evil. Twisted & demented sadists. They NEED to die! I like that. The ethical issues of good vs. bad & right vs wrong are explored & quite well done.		The romance was a tiny bit more sappy than I like but the characters are so likable & NOT sappy that it worked for me. I just hope I can hang in there until the next book comes out. It will be VERY tough. I am seriously into this world & it's characters. I need justice to be served!
0,I like westerns, so I am biased to begin with in my review.		I recommend this book to any lover of westerns. Good plot and characters that keeps you interested. I liked Ben Blue's personality and thinking process.		Easy read.
0,I'm a doll collector and I was immediately immersed in this story. A great read. Gretchen and her aunt Nina and Mom Carolyn are interesting and lovable characters.
0,Downloaded this as a freebie.... Excited because I like the author's work. The story was sweet and interesting.... I liked that both the lead characters were damaged and not really looking for any type of relationship. The focus on both society and the rawness of a new California set a great background for this story...... The love scenes were not gratuitous and blended well and the ending was nicely done. I look forward to her future releases.
0,First of all, I won an early copy of The Chase 2 through a contest that Jessica has. I can't imagine having my heart broke so badly that I never want to love another person. Dean has experienced this kind of heartbreak, but I believe his heart might be softening for Blair. Trent is trying to get Dean to do something underhanded to Blair, but hopefully Dean will not let his career come between him and Blair. But what happens at the end of this book totally takes me by surprise and the people that are involved is just hilarious. Jessica, you have kept my head spinning and I love it, I can't wait for part 3 to see how everybody reacts to this news and if Dean help Blair with this issue. I think everything will work out the way it should. If you are undecided about purchasing this series, don't be I believe you will love it the way the rest of us do. Go 1-click it now!!!!
0,5 Hot, Quick n Sexy Stars		This is the first book I have read by this author and in this series and I loved it:)  It was hot, very quick read and sexy as hell!		Romeo...oh GOD, Romeo, I wish I had him in my life, lol!!!  Loved Athena, she was a sexy, spicy girl who I hope to see grow into a promising woman spending her life by Romeo's side!		Athena is very young so this was a HFN ending and hope to get a look into their future.  I haven't read Dante and Karina's story but I am definitely planning to for sure, they were also a great side couple:)
0,It's a love story with a happy ending.  Always a winner in my book.  Great characters and a very touching and loving story.
0,desde nina e tenido esa facinacion por vampiros y hombres lobo,efectivamente como dijo la autora este no es como todos los libros que hay por ahi de hombres lobo,llenos de sexo y poderio y fuerza descomunal que nadie los puede derrota ry demas bainas,este lobo sufre perdidas fatales en su vida y lucha por mantenerce vivo y mantener vivos asus seres queridos,y la chica que encuentran me gusto mucho como fue desarrollandose ese vinculo o ese carino entre ellos fue de apoco no es que la olio y la reclamo no senor,y ese gato y su pandilla como los deteste pues son malos muy malos asesinos sinpiedad hay no tienen que leerla no puedo contar mas porque luego spoleo y se enoja la autora,100% recomendable para los que les gusta este genero...
0,I felt like I was on my seat trying to make things happen for the best. Book 2 was a wonderful conclusion and I wouldn't  change a thing! I advise anyone to read Book 2 right after Fate Interrupted because its really not that long of a book. It has a wonderful turning point! That I will not give a "spoiler alert" because it just makes you want to rejoice because it finally happens! Trust me if you read book 1 you definately want to finish with 2 and it is totally worth it!
0,This was a very good series. I absolutely loved it. It held my attention from beginning to end. I'm looking forward to reading more from this author. Great Job Leondra
0,Cute story, but not the brightest book in the list. I enjoy the premise of the book, but the writing tends to be bogged down. So, while a nice story, not exactly the most exciting book.
0,This is a book I really thought I was there. It would not let me put down it was amazing you will think your there. TASHA BLACK IS A GREAT AUTHOR. AND LOOK FORWARD TO READING MORE!!!!
0,This was a HOT read! Very descriptive on what turns her on and the punishments she receives. HOT sex scenes and a great plot. Be sure you buy this book!
0,Oh my goodness! What to say Loved it. This is my favorite so far. Romance hot sex drama. Ms. Snow did it again. Rook and Bobbie was great together. Would recommend this book. Again Loved It
0,Too cute!  Made me laugh, sigh almost even cry.  Gemma and Nick are a hilarious combination of insecurity and the need to find that special someone...no matter how many toads you have to side swipe to get there!!
0,Already said it all when I reviewed the first book of the series. Great read with all sorts of interesting twists!
0,The Bellingwood series is the best I have ever read, bar none. I am a big fan. I cannot even begin to say how good these books are. If you haven't read them, start now with #1!
0,I personally think that this is a fun read.  Many others decry it as a rough and unpolished, but it is an independent author.  Yes there are some grammatical errors.  However the story itself is solid and I think the overall premise is sound.  I enjoyed reading it.  I have read the entire series and enjoyed them all.		Some people may not be comfortable with the lifestyle choices of the protaganist, but I say GROW UP.  This is a work of fiction.  A fictional characters choices should not define or threaten you.		With some professional editing I believe that this could be a five star book and series.
0,This is very erotic yet loving.
0,This is the perfect prequel to the Escape to New Zealand series. It introduces you to the mother hen of sorts, Reka, and Hemi, the All Black's chief. It is the ideal length for a novella, but it is only a taste. My only complaint is that I wish it was longer! If you like stories about sporty guys and tough girls, then you will enjoy this novella. Again, it is only a novella so don't get irritated that it isn't longer. Just read the next book, Just this Once, and then you can be happy again. Rosalind James is one of my favorite authors because she imparts a lot of emotion into her characters-they are human beings and make you wish you could meet them in real life. I received a free copy of this book in exchange for an honest review. I was not compensated for my review and I was not required to write a positive review. The opinion expressed here is clearly my own.
0,The Selection by Kiera Cass	Grade Level: 8 and up	Series: Selection	Paperback: 352 pages	Publisher: HarperTeen (March 26, 2013)	Language: English	ISBN-10: 0062059947	ISBN-13: 978-0062059949		I received this book as an ARC from Harper Teen in exchange for an honest review.		My Review~	OMG OMG OMG what a book! This book was intense from the beginning to the end! I absolutely loved it! Superb writing! I'm still reeling after this book! I honestly can't wait to read the next book in this series! I loved that you could experience the emotions as the characters did. It is a fast paced book that I would highly recommend. I totally adore the cover with the elegance and the color scheme! I loved the interaction between America and Prince Maxon.		Amazon Book Description~	For thirty-five girls, the Selection is the chance of a lifetime. The opportunity to escape the life laid out for them since birth. To be swept up in a world of glittering gowns and priceless jewels. To live in a palace and compete for the heart of gorgeous Prince Maxon.		But for America Singer, being Selected is a nightmare. It means turning her back on her secret love with Aspen, who is a caste below her. Leaving her home to enter a fierce competition for a crown she doesn't want. Living in a palace that is constantly threatened by violent rebel attacks.		Then America meets Prince Maxon. Gradually, she starts to question all the plans she's made for herself--and realizes that the life she's always dreamed of may not compare to a future she never imagined.
0,only one thing pleases me more than well written, interesting books, and that's ones written by fellow ozzies. I totally look forward to the release dates. the only downside has been the increasingly tragic back stories of the women.
0,book 2 in series.read chasing sam first. this is better than the first.still have the crazy villain wolf,which looks like she will feature in future reads. sexy big bear and strong female wolf.this story has laughs,suspense ,sex and different species in story line.if you like paranormal stories pick up this series.
0,4 Stars		This was a great book, and totally different from what I was expecting.		Lexie is a writer, who is sort of stuck in a rut. She's tired of writing the same old thing, and wants to break out of the monotony. When her editor comes up with a new idea for Lexie, she sets off to do research.		Enter Garrett Hughes. He's a Master and has agreed to teach Lexie the ways of the BDSM lifestyle so that she can accurately put it down on paper.		I love the idea of this story. It's very original; something I haven't read in other books. While it does have to do with aspects of the BDSM life, the story itself is less sex and more about the relationship between the Dominant and the sub. It's about learning to trust and learning to let go.		I love the struggle Lexie has in her submission. She's sassy, stubborn and honestly can't believe how people live the life. Garrett is a patient and kind-hearted Master, always trying to teach her in a way that will not make her roll her eyes.  The chemistry between the two is great, and I love watching their 'business' relationship unfold.		Overall I think this was a very good, easy read. It's the first book of Alexandrea's that I've read, and I would absolutely read more from her.
0,It was a treat to go along on this journey. The characters are believable and real and their story was touching. I actually read the end of the previous book before reading this one and then I read the first one again.
0,I love it .... enjoyed every thing about it ... I give this book 5 star ...I highly recommend it ......
0,Really cute
0,I've got to say, I don't like to exercise, and I do like my rich and creamy foods. That's what I grew up eating, after all, so no shocker there, right? Except I'm starting to feel less than awesome, and my body's reflecting it. So I grabbed this book when it was free to have a look.		The author breaks down how and what we need to eat by food group: protein, carbohydrates, fats (breaking them down further into "good" and "bad" fats), then goes into essential vitamins and minerals. She explains how each of them works in the body and why we need them but also how and which to eat, which is the trick. I already knew my sweet tooth doesn't really do me much good, but it was still important to see it written out here in black and white.		Best part? She doesn't expect you to break out a food scale or do anything labor intensive. Instead, she gives you snack and meal ideas, which are much more useful to the busy person, am I right? This is a book that makes eating choices easy and doesn't expect you to give up all treats ever. That's my kind of healthy food book!
0,Charlie and Whiskey are identical twin brothers. They live in England when younger and then their father moves the family to Australia. They are polar opposites - Whiskey is outgoing, a daredevil,  and Charlie is much more introspective - and envious of Whiskey's ease in traveling through life.		They haven't talked for years and all of a sudden Whiskey is in a terrible accident and lies in a coma. And Charlie hopes he will be able to make amends for the past.		Anyone who has been in the middle of family conflicts will relate to this story. It explores the many feelings that Whiskey's accident brought out - in Charlie, in Whiskey's wife, in their mother and more.		Charlie is not an easy character to like but he is an interesting one. There are a lot of emotional highs and lows in the story and the middle part of the book dragged - and then the ending seemed rushed.		But I am glad I read this offering from author Smith.		NOTE:  I received this book from Sourcebooks Landmark through Net Galley in exchange for my honest review.
0,I loved this story, my only complaint is its way too short (but I should have checked the page count before I bought it).
0,I'm not much for retelling the story in a review.  You need to read the books.  You'll love them.  The Blood Magic Saga brings together multiple genres that will leave you craving more.  Romance that isn't sappy and predictable; sexual tension;  time travel; action packed life and death thrills; science and medicine delivered "Grey's Anatomy" style - no degree required to understand with humor sprinkled in.  Lots of twists and turns that keep you at the edge of your seat but never lost.  This book isn't superficial either.  For those of us that like to look for deeper meaning in what we read, Carolyn offers up plenty of that.  Blood is life, is it magic?  Do we redefine magic through science?  Do we look to our past to find our future?  What if....  Can't wait for the next installment  "Dead Blood".
0,If you thought part 1 was good wait until you read part 2.. After heaven called for her lover, she found new love and hope.. But old ways catch up with you quick.... The things you do to survive in the world.. When everything comes crashing down on you... Waiting for part 3.. 5 stars
0,This book was great! Loooooovedthe dialogue between the characters. I honestly started to give this book a 3 just bcus I hve to wait until 2015 to read Naresh story!! Ugggh
0,Sweet and funny, an enjoyable read without being preachy. The "Black Toe Enigma" is IMO a pretty silly device, but it doesn't spoil the story. Elmo Jenkins is an endearing young man and his Bonnie is a delight, though her character could be better drawn. As for any other criticisms, a proofreader would have been a good thing but at least an editor wasn't needed.
0,In the first five or so pages of this book a snake, in the form of one Luella Carter, insinuates herself into the life of her victim, wealthy businessman Ernest Hamilton by barging in, unannounced and uninvited, to the bedside of Ernest's invalid wife, who is referred to only as Mrs. Hamilton.  Though she pretends great concern for the bedfast Mrs. Hamilton, Luella goes to the house solely for the purpose of exacting revenge on Ernest, who she feels "trifled" with her back in his college days because he "teased, tormented, and flattered her" and she thought he would marry her and she was furious when he did not.  Now, most infuriating to Luella, he does not even recognize her.		Long ago, when she finally accepted that Ernest would never marry her, she agreed to marry another man because she thought he was wealthy but it turned out he was not and over the next 20 or so years she cultivated her bitterness and sense of betrayal and became so rude and obnoxious that she made her husband's life a living nightmare and he finally left her.  He has recently died and she learned that Ernest Hamilton's wife was dying so she comes up with a "wild scheme".  It should be mentioned that at the time of this story, (the author was born in 1825 and died in 1907) divorce was simply not done.		Now it is almost time to act.  In fact, insinuating herself into the Hamilton home was Step One of her plan.  After leaving the Hamilton home, Luella returns to her own home where Snake, Jr. a/k/a Lenora Carter, is introduced and she is a sort of "mini me" because her mother has taught her to be bitter and vengeful also.  Such a caring person is the daughter that she asks her mother in regards to the dying Mrs. Hamilton, "How long, think you, will the INCUMBRANCE live?"		Now, all of the above has occurred in the FIRST TWO CHAPTERS.  Therefore, I will confess to being more than a little confused by reviewers who said it was "boring", had "no storyline" and "talks more about the terrain than anything".  WHAT????  Good grief, Charlie Brown, you must want beer with your eggs.  (That's a good old Southern expression which means, "you expect too much".)		As the book continues and the plot of the lovely Mrs. and Miss Carter unfolds, I was completely spellbound!  I couldn't wait to see whether the Carters' evil scheme would succeed, and I also wanted to know what would happen to the four Hamilton children, especially 19 year old Margaret (Mag), who has taken an instant dislike of Mrs. Carter.		I loved this book and highly recommend it!
0,This series is good! I couldn't put it down. I'm a sucker for a good romance. Bought the series, read them all.
0,Just felt this book and also must claim cash earning process is necessary to make..i has remained claimed It offers remained postulated through many before which we stay in one "dream scene" and that it is my responsibility to aftermath to is actually..which thing offers been carefully teached in this arrange
0,Great book. Can't wait to read more. I fell in love with all of the characters. Can't wait to read about more characters from Vermont.
0,Kept me interested and affected me in so many ways. truly enjoyable and I would recommend it to anyone.		judy
0,One of the best books I've ever read. Truly inspiring and insightful. Everyone whether you have or know someone with mental illness can find enlightenment from this book. Thanks to the author for sharing her story.
0,Nice introduction to Rylee and Lark. If you have read the Rylee Adamson series you should read this one as well.
0,Unrequited	Max Henry	4 stars		I love Max Henry and this new series doesnt fall short! The cover is absolutely beautiful. I love the orange  the cover alone draws you in ready to flip the pages and dig in. Be ready for a cliffy  and its a big one 		King and Elena  remember them? YUP this is their story. These two characters were thrown and I mean thrown together like a train running into a wall. You don't need to read the events that go down in the from the previous series they appeared in so you are good. However I do recommend you head back and pick up The Butcher Boys when you get a chance.		The obstacles these two face are just more than you can even imagine. Im telling you anything that you can think up .. its worse and more. Eleana was given to the Cartel in order to have a better life. Surrounded by the mayhem of crime rampant throughout her country this was the only way. Needing to care for her father she is given the path to go to him before being given to Carlos.		King is prospecting for the Fallen Aces MC. He has worked hard his entire life and nothing felt right until he found his brothers. Seeing Eleana, while passing through after a meeting that turned him into a wounded man, he knows this woman is the only one for him. One meeting leads to the next until the lies unfold and the truth can't be unheard. I wanted to go put a bullet in someones head in particular, look at both of them and drop the mic so they could continue on as I wanted them to.		This is where everything start to get real for King and Eleana. And again, the cliffhanger is a I can't believe this is happening moment .. you are going to bang on your Kindle for the next pages to turn and all you are going to see is neon yellow . Unbreakable  it's coming and you are going to have to wait  I need the cover as much as I need the story!		Thank you Max ! I love your stories and can't wait for the conclusion of King and Eleanas. Review to post to Ramblings From Beneath The Sheets.
0,Great addition to the seris
0,It is rare to find books that take the time to teach children behavior lessons and manners and the qualities of life that make for well adjusted and happy living - and at the same time honor children with a bit of adult humor that makes these stories truly fly.		By now we know Billy and Monster and their manner of getting along in the world. Now we meet the neighbors in his block - Mr. Forgetful, Miss Drinkwater AKA Miss Squeaky and Mr. GrumpDaddy whose been banned from the local butchers because `he gives them grief when he goes to get some beef!' But there is a long vacant house on the block and we soon discover the new owners.		It is a Saturday afternoon and Billy and Monster have family time with the parents reading books to each other when the doorbell rings: the FeelGood family announces they are the new neighbors. Young Sally FeelGood attempts to join in Billy's and Monster's car game and when Billy perceives she is bossy he tells her to leave! Billy and Monster are sent to their room and later father comes up, discusses Blliy's actions and suggests he apologize to Sally who is just trying to be a new friend. The next day Billy and Monster visit Sally to apologize and discover that voila! - Sally also has a Monster friend, too. They all drink fizzy drinks that make Sally burp and Billy and Monster do a triple combo fart. Sally's father enters to chastise and tells them `That stinks! - and the four new friends are bonded.		The art for this book is excellent and the story has many levels of meaning and just plain fun.  David Chuka has these stories down pat and only makes us impatiently wait for the next one.  Collect them all - they are a joy! Grady Harp, May 13
0,I love this series.  I absolutely love Tex and Ruby.  I have 1 issue tho, I would have preferred to have all 3 books as 1.  I understand the separation points in the books, but still. Each story was short enough the author could have easily made them 1 book I feel.  With that being said, still loved it and will continue to read them.
0,This was an entirely new genre for me. From the moment I picked it up I knew I would want more. Lou Bradshaw writes in a friendly and informed way about the Southwest.
0,This was a nice introduction to what I expect will be an epic 5th book.  Some backstory on where Caleb and Maggie have headed and how their family has grown.  I love seeing how Maggie has grown into her Visionary role, but she's still the same spunky Maggie.  And Caleb....swoon....man I missed him.  Very excited for Book 5!!!!
0,THanks
0,Love the book and would like to read more books from Layla Wilcox thank for giving me the opportunity to read this book
0,Amazing.. The books was well worth the wait.. I can't wait until part three. I love all the characters and their relationship...
0,Beyond the manifesto, this series is one of the most realistic love story I have ever read. It will make you cry and laugh. Can't wait to read more about this great group of people.
0,First book I have read from this author, but will be reading more of her work.
0,"Section 60: Arlington National Cemetery: Where War Comes Home" by Robert M M. Poole is one of those must read books for all Americans. I never knew or thought much about the person buried beneath each headstone. Poole puts a face on some of those headstones, a face that belonged to a full blooded human with hopes, dreams, family, friends, dedication, and all those things that made them who they were.		So much of this book tore at my heart. Unfinished business between the fallen soldier and another was the saddest as that business left a riff so deep between the survivors they couldn't even comfort each other. The causes of each soldier's death varies and each one is given the honor and respect they so deserve in this book.		This is a book that brought meaning to Arlington National Cemetery. It made me weep for the many lives lost and given me a new respect for all those who served each of together as one Nation, those both living and dead. And as sad as I felt for each life whose final stop was Section 60, I felt a new sense of pride for what these men and women sacrificed for us.
0,This book has some great recipes.
0,I really enjoyed the stories, even I picked this up for free even I had paid for it, it would be worth every penny, if one was to buy them.	I think I liked Emma's and Craig's story the best. Don't get me wrong I liked them all, but Craig was such a sweetheart,  actually all the men were truly.	There secrets that need to be told, surprises that are revealing, deceit that is shocking, crimes that are appalling. A must read, you won't be disappointed.
0,I enjoyed the humor.  It had me smiling and sometimes laughing out loud.
0,I really really loved this book. It held my attention from beginning to end. I sure wish it had another part
0,This was a fun, quick, light read about the alien prince and journalist.  Evil comes, good guys fight, we win.
0,Three naughty nurses all totally unique. I love that this book focuses on three professional females, much different than one would typically see. Loved it on to book 2!
0,A good story, read it.
0,Loved all 3 books, so glad that Maggie found her love & they lived happily with their new little baby girl.
0,Holy crap. I have book lash. That's whiplash from a book. Yes, that is completely possible. You know what cracked me up when reading this book? This book was about an author, and a book signing event also took place during the plot. How funny that I go to those. I was flipping through my mental history like "had anything like this taken place when I was at an event?" It's like I went into memory PI mode. I know, I'm a strange one. Back to the book. I seriously thought Tate had mental issues halfway through the book. He wants her, he hates her, he's calling her names, making her come, riding her ass, literally riding her ass. I mean he was all over the place. Back and forth with his feeling, back and forth with his feelings. I'm like whoa I feel like I'm getting ran over. Sheesh. Then we have the other guy, Tom. I was secretly pulling for him. He sounded like the ultimate catch. I wanted him to catch her. I felt like Tate was playing cat an mouse, and Tom was just so open about what he wanted. And Casey... What in the world!! So much goin on! So much drama!! I like that Piper is such a strong character. I love that she doesn't give up, she fights back, she sticks around. Well not until her heart is broken. I love that. She doesn't hold back, tells is like it is. Thank the book gods for that, it's exactly what Tate needed.
0,Really enjoyed this book. Author teaches as he writes. I learned s lot about Africa from this book. Excited for the next one.
0,I started this series because i loved Ryder in Scorpio Stinger Series. The little i saw of Max i knew i wanted more. Once again Jani Kay has kept me wanting more. The story picks up where we left off with both men fighting hard to get the girl of their dreams. There is drama, sex, and twists and turns. Truly a great book. Can't wait for the next...
0,This was a good book, the writing was not perfect in some spots but it still was a nice romantic story.
0,A fantastic romance filled with passion that will hook you from the beginning and hold on to you even after the story is finished.		Kaylee Song creates multifaceted stories that are thoughtful, plot driven, and feel good. All with just a hint of danger. She weaves the lives of Thane and Mackenzie together in such a way that you just can't help but root for them. The two characters are deep, not flat or shallow, their stories ones of tragedy, loss, and love.		Thane is just the right kind of bad boy. The type who has a wild side that cannot be held back, but he also has a vulnerability to him that makes you excited and frustrated. His insecurities sometimes get the best of him, but I found myself rooting for him until the very end.		Mackenzie is dealing with a lot, and at times I feel upset for her, but she is a strong, independent woman, and I am surprised at the twists and turns this story takes. You can really see her come into her strength as she comes home and deals with some serious pain that she thought she left behind. Driven, independent, and plus size? That is a combination I like.		Overall I thought the piece was well written, thoughtful, and it hit all the right notes for me.
0,Oh my gosh, Delilah has such a great idea! 10 Christmas novels released every December for the next 10 years! I am jumping up and down in excitement! I loved this first installment in her new Christmas series.  Felicity and Maxwell are so fun together from the first time they meet! We get an excellent amount of character building (as always with Ms. Marvelle) and we get soooo much drama! Felicity is super feisty, and Maxwell so lovable and sweet. I was stressed out for a lot of this book, and I loved every second of it. I felt so much sadness for both characters for different reasons, but when they were together I was so happy! I loved all supporting characters, and I loved the paranormal aspect of the story mixed with the historical romance. Really, what more could a reader ask for? Oh! I almost forgot the tears! I was choked up a lot of this book, and laughing out loud at other moments. In typical Delilah fashion, her story sucks you in and refuses to let you go until you finish. I cannot wait for next December for the next installment!
0,MABEL DROMER! Mabel needs a story, maybe  she could show up at the magjc university where they teach students nifty stuff.
0,The Mind Thieves is the 2nd book in The Mind Readers Series and let me just say... Wow, Amazing...		After having her mind erased by Aaron, Cameron and her grandmother move to the Caribbean and try to start over. When people are out to get her Maddox shows up to save Cameron and take her to see her father who she taught to be dead.  Cameron starts to realize her father is not what he seems.  Just like Aaron her father wants her to use her powers to break into people's minds, something she is not comfortable with. And despite the fact that Maddox seems to have feelings for Cameron he puts his job and duties first. Although Cameron starts to get her memory back, nothing is ever easy for her. Someone is trying to kidnap her and Cameron is left not knowing who to trust.		Simply amazing ...full of twist and turns, I really enjoyed both books and know the 3rd (The Mind Games) will be as equally thrilling. Would definitely recommend!
0,This was an interesting storyline with lots of good characters.	I would have enjoyed the story more if the author had included an epilogue as part of the story.
0,As a writer I found Roy Carter's How to Make Amazing Money Writing From Home an excellent resource to add to my writers tool chest.  I wish I had this book when I was starting out.  Yes, Roy gives you the where and how to get your articles published, but he goes way beyond the obvious that most newbie's and established writers are not aware of when it comes to why their published articles are not drawing any traffic or making any sales.		This is key, because you could have a restaurant with the best food for miles around and if no one knows about it or there is no compelling reasons to step into your establishment no one will ever know how good your food really is.  The same holds true about your published articles.  You must have a title that pulls them in and once they are in you must from the very first sentence have a compelling reason for your readers to want to continue reading.		Roy covers this thoroughly and then some with topics that cover the gamut from where and how to sell your articles, to creating a compelling foundation for readers and publishers eagerly looking forward to reading and publishing your next articles.  That said, you can't go wrong from an international public speaker, mentor, and Internet marketer who has written hundreds of articles and worked with the best the web has to offer, in bringing you an article writing foundation that delivers the goods.
0,This was sad, but a very enlightening storyline. Karma is a mother and as people say what goes around comes around for Victoria & Taij. Wow!
0,A very involved story about the Iraq war that includes an amazing woman spy.  Hope that it is fiction as if is even partially true, we can't trust anyone.  A great read
0,As always, a good book by Tess Gerritsen.
0,I read it in a different sequence, applying it to my needs. It is a helpful book as it caters to ones needs and answers to questions on where and how to do stuff on eBay. It is a good way to protect yourself and navigate the outcomes from business. I like the easy language and the straightforward talk. It is a pleasant read.
0,This is a romance story with a dash of vampires thrown into the mix. There is little urgency to the story, and so makes for a nice comfortable lazy read, especially if you only have a few minutes to steal now and then to read. This feeling carries through the entire book, if you're craving adventure, hard sci fi or fantasy then look elsewhere. The author does a good job in characterizing Bryn as someone who is not confident in her own skin, always second guessing herself, and believing that she is not worthy of being loved.  Then William enters her life, and she struggles to understand why he is interested in her. The true reasons are hinted at towards the end, but really explained in the second novel. Bryn has some hard decisions to make, but William comes to the rescue every minute. A lovers triangle exists that adds some interest between Paul and Bryn, but overall it is a poor attempt at creating some conflict.  There were some grammatical and spelling mistakes littered throughout this novel, but if you looked over those, then it was a good story. I definitely would have liked it more, if the author had spent a little money to get it copy edited. But seeing that this book is free, it is forgivable, since she's not making any money off of it. Unfortunately this is a forgettable book, in that it did not really make me think about it outside of reading it, or even after I finished it. This is a good book to read at the beach, when you have plenty of nothing to do.		For more reviews visit [...]
0,If you like finding your long lost love, some steamy sex, and happily ever after beyond your wildest dreams then this is the one for you. I read it in one day. Couldn't put it down.
0,All the books were entwined together so that each book would start over and tell different people's point of views of what was going on at the same time frame.  I loved it and yes the sex scenes sizzled.
0,I was given this book for a honest review from Netgalley. Love this book about friendship that turned into love. Levi and Shelly have been best friends since they were kids. He left to pursue his career but they always kept in touch with each other. Their friendship changed when Levi return back home and noticed that his best friend is gorgeous. As they spent time together their feeling grow but Shelly is afraid to let go and confess her feelings to Levi.  Levi proves his love in such an awesome way that Shelly decides to trust in their love.  Recommended read.
0,Just buy every thing this author writes and you will not be disappointed.  Buy the the  Saint series and you will believe again in great sex, love, passion  and HEA!
0,A must read series!  I fell in love.  What a wonderful ending from The Eden Trilogy.  A love so strong and beautiful it will last to the end of time.  You have a new fan Nichole!  Thank you for a wonderful trilogy!  Make a book featuring Patrick!  He is a great character!  I am in love.
0,As usual, Sosie does not disappoint. Lachlan is one of my new favorite bad boy book-boos, lol He and Elle were funny and oh so sexy. Can't wait for the next book in this series!
0,I fell in love with J Daniels with Sweet Addiction and this one is no different. I absolutely love this book from page 1 to the very end. It was fantastic. All of J Daniels' books have been a home run. I really love Mia and Ben and how they are with each other and how they are just real people. And oh how we can not forget Tessa, because let's face it, she is HILARIOUS!!! I was laughing out loud at her. Mia and Ben are definitely characters I think just about everyone can relate to. I love how you see how they are both very different from who they were as kids and they have to work through that. J Daniels is a brilliant author and I will be reading everything she writes!! Awesome read!!!! 5 AMAZEBALLS stars!!!		A copy was gifted in exchange for an honest review.	Review by Tabitha
0,Jams and jellies are a sweet way to say I love you! Pair a jar of homemade jam or jelly with a loaf of homemade bread and you will be welcome wherever you go!  One of my favorite gifts and a great book for a variety of recipes. YUM!
0,These are great books.  I enjoy the fact that the villain is not easily spotted.  All of the different characters are a lively.  Always anticipating the next book.  Must read.
0,This story was breathtaking!  I love all the stories related to Sanctuary, but this one had me on a rollercoaster when it came to my emotions.		When last we read, Charlie had not been in agreement with her true mates of moving to Sanctuary and sent Garrett and Travis away from her home in Ada, a decision she made with a lot of hurt, but as the new Alpha of the pack and to continue her parent's dreams she  had to stay and help her pack heal from the loss of her parents, their Alpha's and the other members of the Mason Pack that were lost to Xerxis' evil in Savanah.		Now Charlie is faced with problems within her pack and is forced to call Garrett and Travis for help, thus giving in to her mating call with the brothers when she finds herself in their presense again.  But the discord in her pack is stronger then she thought and finds herself torn between keeping order in the pack, or going against her own kin.		Garrett and Travis have decided to stay in Ada by Charlie's side as her mates thus formiing an Alpha Triad, but things are harder then they ever imagined it would be within the pack and Travis' hand is forced.		In the meantime Xerxis has found a sure fire way to take over the States and now Sanctaury will really be the only place safe for any supernaturals and maybe even humans?		So much intrigue, evil and passion, this story was full of much action and sadness too.		Ms. Shannan outdid herself with this one!
0,Much lighter than the first three books but still has enough love, sex, twists, problems to overcome that the other ones do. Such a great way to end the series!
0,love this series
0,I just love the way Greenwood moves the floor & made what I think is a good story. I was fascinated with Kate. How much pain she had, the memories, but she's a Winner.		Kate, a character of her own. LAPD, had to create a partnership for Kate with a Shifter (Bennet).		Terrible Crimes but a plot & characters with many facets to enjoy from here and so on... I'm ready for more. Bring it on...Abby
0,I really liked part one of this series. Part two seemed to leave many cliffhangers open. Cannot wait for part three hopefully will answer some questions hopefully will not have to wait too long for part three :)
0,4.5 stars		Please do NOT read this review & this book if you haven't read book #1 yet!!		We basically start where we left Terra & Michael in book #1. Michael just proposed and both couldn't be happier...BUT....	A few buts are standing between them and their Happy End! First of all Terra needs to confess to Michaelwho her father is.	And of course Michael's and her father's dangerous and illegal business dealings are also a topic of discussion.		And all through the fighting and the making up and the dangerous life... Terra and her mom have a wedding to plan!		With some secrets still left to uncover, lots of danger, and LOTS of sexy time..... Terra and Michael still have a LONG way to go until they can ride off into their Happily Ever After Sunset!		What will happen with Terra & Michael? Will there be a HEA? Will everybody survive this booK?? Or will there be a horrible Cliffy?	READ THE BOOK TO FIND OUT 	__________________________________________		YES! We're finally back with Michael & Terra!		I'm not a fan of mafia books and I don't like my hero killing people while doing illegal business, but I guess that's what you get for reading a mafia romance!  And I really liked it!	It's very adorable and suspensy and slighty eww here and there  and mysterious and moving and very erotic!		I really enjoyed the book. I was a great romantic suspense story. You can't stop reading - you just have to know how the two of them will overcome all those problems... Only...we won't know how their story will end yet - because it's a TRILOGY ...grrrrr 		And how the book ends is sending us in a totally new direction - and I had a lot of tears in my eyes reading the last pages .... but our darlings will get through everything thrown in their way in the last book... GIVE ME NOW PLEASE!!! 		 THE GAME CHANGER was another very sexy & exciting mafia story!	Run to your nearest amazon for your own Michael - this one is MINE!
0,Private Message by Danielle Torella is an amazing love story.  Tess and Ben are so broken by their pasts that they shut everyone out emotionally.  Until private messaging at an innovative bar called Chatz lets them be themselves in relative anonymity.  Then find it difficult to trust each other, yet impossible to resist each other.  I love the concept of this book and am thrilled that Danielle Torrella has the skills to tell this story effectively.  The meet and greets are as perfectly written as the love scenes.  I will read this one over and over and still never get enough.
0,I just can't get enough from thus writer! Lisa you are just amazing. This new series is going to rock!! Love the edginess of this new series!!
0,Was hesitant because of paranormal label, but knowing Cooper I had to. And have absolutely no regrets, even though he protested to much. Wasted a lot of loving time . Nice story.
0,I've never read a book like this of this genre. Thought provoking and enjoyable. I would like to read a sequel to this to find out how the characters lives became and their future together.
0,I bought this book a long time ago or I got it for free I can't even remember but it was actually pretty good and very funny which was a total surprise. It's not a very long book but I think it was worth reading.
0,I have never met a child that did not love tigers! They are, after all, pretty spectacular. As such, my son really enjoyed flipping through this book. The awesome pictures kept his attention while the blocks of content were short enough to help keep him focused.		Very pleased with this book!
0,Really loved this third book in The Redemption Series that shows Glori trying to make her fame in fashion and in music .  This author doesn't write erotic but still  is able to create great feelings of romance of the heart and soul in the story that a person can feel in your own heart as you read along.  You just want more and more of this suspense, romance and mild Christianity.  When book comes to an end,  you can barely wait to open the next book in the series.  So...please, I hope you have read Killer Cupid and  then Fame and Fortune before this book.  If you have not read the prior two, I recommend that you order them now and you will be not be disappointed .  Number one, Killer Cupid, is free.  These will be the best books you have ever read
0,I would recommend this book for a light, weekend read. The sex is a bit graphic for my tastes, but I guess that is what readers like these days!! The plot was cute and I knew where it was going but I read along anyway. Takes you away from your everyday humdrum to a nice place with love and more love!! I'd read more of her books.
0,Lord somebody should've warned me before I read this book. The couples definitely went through it in the finale but I'm happy they all got their happy ending.
0,There is something about a Amy Lane book... You're reading along when she sneaks in a little truth that rocks your world.  You nod, smile, and get a lump in your throat.		I want to read more of Darrin's world.  I love his vision for the future.
0,awesome
0,This was a good book I couldn't put it down I can't wait to read the rest of this series
0,With all that's written on manifesting techniques and all I already understand I thought this writer did a superb job of making the process simple and to the point. Nothing hard, just enjoyable and informative.
0,really liked the fast pace of this book. it spanned a few months but told everything that was happening around good reading not bored.
0,I enjoy good clean romance books and Christmas romances this time of year are my favorite.  This book is the first in a series of three:		Book 1: What Child is This by C.J. Carmichael	Book 2: Home for Christmas by Roxy Boroughs	Book 3: The Holly & the Ivy by Brenda M. Collins		I loved "What Child I This"!  It was clean and romantic.  It was an easy read that you could get lost in and enjoy a night curled on the couch with cup of your favorite warm beverage and forget the worries of the day.  The books starts with Garret who runs a local business that his family owns and operates.  His mother hired Lily, young beautiful women to come and work for their company.  Garret Frost is Lily Parkers boss.  Garret is a single dad who lost his wife and has not come to terms with her death and is living with him parents.  Lily has a secret of her own that when a mysterious baby is found in the nativity scene makes her normal facade crumble.  With everyone fighting the season Garrets son Duncan is asking for a gift that Garrett cannot deliver.	Having lost my own mom this book was touching.  Holiday seasons can be tough on those who have lost someone they love.  However through love and friendship getting through those times can make it easier.  Can Lily trust enough to share her secrets and heal her heart?  Is Garret to lost to love to see it when it is in front of him the whole time?	I highly recommend this book to anyone.  It is clean enough for teenagers although it is better suited for older readers based on the families and adults involved.		Warning:  If you have book OCD like I do then you want to go ahead an purchase all three books and read them in the order above because they lead into one another.  Not to mention have cliff hangers ;)
0,Confession time: I have a review of one of Elizabeth (No, not the deceased star of Bewitched) Montgomery's  earlier books that I jotted down over a year ago, and have not yet posted.  I felt bad  I didn't like it as much as others did in their reviews, and I couldn't quite put my finger on why.		Then, I received a copy of Twisted, the start of Ms. Montgomery's new series.  I read it  and I really liked it!  The author blends two famed fantasy realms together in this series  Oz and Wonderland  to tell a different tale than either of their original authors could have imagined.		In my opinion, Ms. Montgomery captures the spirit of L. Frank Baum's Oz series, albeit with a bit more mature an edge than some of Mr. Baum's works  I can't see Santa Claus making a guest appearance in this series, for example.  The author never actually says Oz  (I don't think), and the young woman acting as our protagonist goes by Dee rather than Dorothy, but we all know who she is.  (NOTE: Legally, Mr. Baum's works are available for derivation  however, the 1939 movie is not.  SO, one can allude or directly reference one as long as it does not bring in the other  which is quite the slippery slope.  This may explain the author's reticence to be direct.)  The new characters she introduces would fit in quite well in one of Mr. Baum's original works  to the point where I am assuming that they are new characters, but would not be surprised had they been taken from one of the later Oz books!		Wonderland is not quite how I remembered it.  The land that Ms. Montgomery describes is a darker place than I pictured from reading Lewis Carroll (or from watching the Disney cartoon, which of course being a Disney cartoon was brightened up a bit).  Still, the tone set in this land is actually appropriate and explainable, based upon the behavior of the Red Queen and her subjects.		All in all, an interesting and mostly enjoyable literary effort.  I'd encourage our author to return to this / these world(s) and tell us more tales of Dee, the Hatter, and the rest.  (And, I think I'm finally ready to post that original review, which I had tucked aside waiting )		RATING: 4 stars		DISCLOSURE: I received a complimentary copy of this book in return for a promise of a prompt and honest review.  I provided no guarantees of any reaction, positive or negative, only my usual commitment to do so in a civil and polite manner.
0,I am a big fan of Krista Lakes' love stories and I have read the entire Kisses series to date. I love her writing style and the sweet, romantic stories she creates, so when I saw she had written the first book in a new series, I knew I had to purchase it! This book did not disappoint me at all and was everything I had hoped for and then some! The details on the book's product page show that this book is nearly 400 pages but Yours Completely is only about half of that. In fact, when I finished the story, my Kindle was at 47%. The second part of this purchase is Sunrise Kisses, a part of the Kisses series which does not need to be read in order and I would recommend reading it as well if you enjoy Yours Completely.		Ella McDaniels is 21 years old, a romantic, optimist, and basically a servant to her stepmother, Delores Phillips. Delores isn't nice to her at all and makes working at the Blue Lake Inn and Resort very difficult but Ella is a dreamer and makes the most out of her situation. Ella runs most parts of the inn and is helping to plan the wedding for Madelyn Connor when she meets Jace in the stables where she is grooming the horses. He is running from one of several women who are after him and his money but she takes pity on him and hides him in the barn. Little does she know that her life will be forever changed from that moment on.		I love how Yours Completely is a fresh, modern retelling of Cinderella. This story is a wonderful read and I had a hard time putting it down. If you have read and enjoyed any of Krista Lakes' romances, this one is written in a similar style and you will most likely enjoy this as well. Krista Lakes' books always leave me feeling happy and satisfied and this one gave me the same feeling. I am eager to see what other books she writes in this series. I highly recommend this book!
0,Can't tell you why I so love these kinda cheesy mysteries. Sometimes you just need an almost-but-not-quite predictable book to loose  yourself in. This is it!
0,This is the first book by this author and I can honestly say it was a great book. I just finished Model Misbehavior and it was awesome!  I totally recommend this book and others by Ms Thompson. Get it today you will love it.
0,I loved this book. It was an amazing story about Ieuan is going to joust for the woman Rosamunde de Lacy. I loved this story it had adventure, twists and turns and a lovestory. I will be reading more of Samantha Holts books in the future.
0,This was not a story line I had heard of before, and for the first time in a long time I found it really hard to stop reading and put the book down! In my eyes, that's the best review an author can get.
0,I absolutely loved this collection of three short love stories! It was a great way to read a book when I didn't have a ton of time on my hands. Each story can be read pretty quickly yet still has the feeling of a full length novel!  Hansen's story was emotional and I was surprised at the depth of feelings portrayed for a book less than full length. It was a great story! Grant's story was hilarious and reminded me a little bit of a favorite movie of mine, it was great! Now Mace's story was my all time favorite out of the collection! Cass's character was so real, so raw, so jump-off-the-page that I was just sucked into her story and couldn't put it down! All of the stories were great! A bonus for me is that I found two new authors from this collection! One I already have loved but now I have two more to add to my list! If you love sweet contemporary romances and you want a quick pick me up, then you will love the Three Little Words collection! I received a free copy of this book.
0,Following the events in The Fall miniseries, Bashir has been forced to resign from Starfleet and is living with the Andorians. When Section 31 approaches him to help with an important mission, Bashir decides to take them up on the offer in order to take them down from the inside out.		Disavowed is first in a new series that centers on a favorite of mine  Section 31. The majority of the story takes place in the Mirror Universe, as the Breen try to steal technology. Full of adventure and intrigue (what makes Section 31 so great), this first installment is a must-read for serious Star Trek fans. Its fast-paced and impossible to put down. I enjoyed a prior Mirror Universe storyline that got a gripping continuation as well. Events build to an exciting ending that left me wanting more. I hope to see more in this series soon.		*Review previously posted at SciFiChick.com
0,Awesome book.  Front cover to the end
0,This is a great story. First I wasn't sure, but getting into the story. WoW! a little suspese,and how this was woven into this story. From there the story moved right along.	One sentence from Josh, had me laughing out loud. "MOM I need my space" so like a kid. Even when he had to depend on her more than ever.	So far I have enjoyed this book and author. Time to finish reading it, but I had to write this review right now.	Hope this is helpful for others. 5 Stars for sure.... loved it..
0,I'm not a vegetarian and I'm not planning to become one. Still (especially since I got it for free) I found this book resourceful. It offers a lot of ideas how to improve your eating habits. It's not only about "stop eating meat".	Warning: This is not a recipe book, but a guide on how to improve your diet in general
0,Haven't finished this book yet, but enjoying the story
0,Loved this book!
0,I enjoyed this book it was a sweet romance maybe a lil predictable but still nice one thing if Travis winks one more time I think I might rip out my own eye lol the winking drove me nuts but a quick nice read
0,This novella came along at the right time for me. I'd finished a long dark novel, and looked for something else to read. A Perfect Angel sat right there on my Kindle, so I opened it and began reading. Ms. Mandel has a way of writing that is unique to her. Although other authors do write humorous romances, few can match her wit and cleverness, especially in dialogue. Perfect!	Sometimes love is just around the corner, or in this case, right under Angelina's nose.	Haven't we all dreamed of being different from our real self? She did.	You'll enjoy Angelina's story.		Rising Star Reviews	Five Stars
0,How can you not love a book about a snarly sarcastic dog?
0,Fairchild's Lady (Culpepper Ring) by Roseanna M. white is only an eight chapter novella, but it reads like a novel. The story is a very well written late 1780's  clean romance and some suspense that is influenced by the political drama and abuse of the era. The characters are well developed and interesting. This is the first book I've read of this author and I look forward to reading more in the future.
0,This is a simple tale of pioneeer in Nebraska on the prairie in the 1860 era.  Pioneer homesteaders form the backbone as settlers surge from the eastern cities to seek land and dreams in the new Westr.  An interesting turn of fate brings happiness to two good friends.  Family strength helps bridge gaps of trials and troubles.
0,good read, I love camellia and troy I cant wait to see whats next
0,Love reading about two men satisfying a woman, together. Real quick read, but loved it!!! Okay storyline, but worth it.
0,Axel is showing us that he is the master manipulator. Holly seems to be happy and content with Mark. Will they ever get together?  Is Axel falling for Holly?? Can't wait to read more.
0,I really enjoyed this story... liked the sequence and the characters of the story line.  Looking forward to the next book.
0,Hope meets Beckett at her brother's work and is very attracted to him. They spend a few hours together, but he does not call her. The holidays are especially difficult for her this year since her parents died four months ago and her brother is working long hours for a demanding boss. Hope is alternately angry and giggly through the entire book, even though she describes herself as even tempered.
0,Excelente,  Me gust mucho.  La autora debe seguir escribiendo.  Me gustara seguirla y leer sus obras.  Favor notificar cuando escriba y publique un nuevo libro
0,I liked these three books.  I want to live on the island.  I enjoy Marie Force books
0,Emily Minton did again. she wrote another fantastic story that is captivating. I could put it down. I had to know what happened next. like I said she did it again. amazing story line.
0,In A Kiss of Lies by Bronwen Evans, Serena Castleton is is desperate to escape her abusive and horrible past, and creates Sarah Cooper in order to escape Canada and find a way to return to England. So she has decided to disguise herself as a governess and apply for a job with Christian Trent, Earl Markham. A man that she had a crush on long ago and even fantasized about marrying, but as one of the Libertine Scholars he never knew that she existed.		Christian Trent knows that he needs a governess to look after and teach his ward while they journey back home to England. The lovely Sarah is perfect for the job but first Lily Pearson, his ward, must approve of her before he will hire her on. What ahs surprised him most has been that the beautiful Sarah has not shown the horror or pity that many have shown after seen his scars. Only Lily has ever not shown fear or repulsion towards his scars and shown true love towards him, so he will always put young Lily first.		Serena never stopped her loving Christian, even if from afar, so being close to him will not make thing easy. She still cares about him and wants him, but if she is to be able to act on her desires she must first convince him that she is not afraid or repulsed by him, starting by showing him her own scars. But while their passion and love is great, it will not be easy, for there are evil people out to harm them both.		Unfortunately, all the Libertine Scholars are at risk, and Serena is someone that knows more than the person targeting them wishes. For deep in the recesses of Serenas memories lies the reason of the evil now hunting them all.		There is a great mystery surrounding this group of friends who are known as the Libertine Scholars and why they are being targeted someone that none of them knows, but that Serena may have seen when she was a young girl. I loved how in this debut both the characters were tormented and damaged by their past but they were able to find and heal each other. I cannot wait to read more of this series, kudos to Bronwen Evans for creating such an intriguing series. It pulls you in from the very beginning and does not let go.		For an intriguing, passionate, sweet and fun read, don't miss A Kiss of Lies by Bronwen Evans.
0,Totally hooked. Loved these books soooo much
0,Alex King can WRITE! The descriptions are half the reason I loved this series. The characters were the other half. My lack of math skills is obvious in that the plot was the third half of what I loved about these books.  I'm hoping Kat Makris (with an s) graces more books for us. I've seen her grow. I like her. I've grown to care about her family and many members of her Family. I'll be checking out other books by King.		For the record, I'm putting this same review on each of the Kat Makris books because I loved them all and because I want people to know that when they consider them. Ok and because I'm lazy.
0,Just like the first book I was sucked in straight away with Zeth and Sloane. Zeth's life is dark and disturbing and you can't help root for him to come out on top. He is a total bad boy and Sloane is pulled towards him. They have a connection that cannot be described. This book to me, was better than the first one. Sloane is confused yet a strong woman. They both have their issues but to me make a great couple. This is another cliff hanger but I can't wait to get the next book. Awesome writing by Callie Hart. Well done.
0,True story of 3 airman survivers of a plane crash in wild Alaskan mountains. Bears, wolves and the threat of starvation power this story until they take matters into their own hands and trek out of their wilderness prison. Great surprise ending. Good story with a great ending.
0,I have to say this was my favorite Men of Steel book.  Xavier and Taelyn are perfect for one another.  Yeah there is a lot of drama, insecurities, arguing and crying but watching Xavier fall was a treat in itself. Taelyn was the perfect opposite for him and gave as good as she got.  This book was a great read and we'll worth the wait!  Great job MJ Fields you are AWESOME!!!!!
0,Would read this author in the future.
0,Elizabeth T. Torrence opens the kitchen to the smells and tastes of fine vegetarian cookery with this book devoted to Russian vegetarian recipes. Known to be in the forefront of healthy diets, these recipes are not only easy to prepare, but each recipe gives a list of ingredients to prepare ahead of time, well written directions on how to prepare the dishes, and each dish is accompanied with a color photograph of just how the finished product will look. The taste test is up to you!		Some of the recipes included are Russian Potato Latkes, Fried Eggs With Onion, Russian Style Salad, Russian Beet Salad, Russian Tomato Salad, Mushroom Stroganoff on Toast, Mushroom Casserole, Russian Cheese Pancakes, Russian Carrot Tart, Russian Strawberry Treat, Russian Fruit Salad, Russian Country Coffee, Russian Tea, Beet and Ginger Kvass, Cucumber Gimlet  and many more. You'd never tell by the titles that these are health-oriented foods, but they definitely are.		For nutritious and healthy and tasty dishes you can't go wrong with the variety in Elizabeth T. Torrence's book. Grady Harp, January 14
0,This is a great beginners guide for sure like the subject says it give you great examples on what steps to take needed to get to where you are going it really helped me out a lot took away some good stuff from this book.		I was given this product for free to review and this is my honest opinion
0,3.75 When Foster is released he wants a new beginning. What he doesn't know is that Addison is out for revenge and will do whatever it is she needs to do get it.		When she finds her in to get closer to him to exact her revenge, it didn't work out as planned.		This book has lots of sex, is humorous and I wasn't sure who I was rooting for. Addison starts out with the revenge motive but doesn't really stay on course.		I actually liked Foster more than I did Addison. The book kept me entertained for the most part. I really couldn't connect with the characters unfortunately but that is just me. I hope you read it and love it.
0,OMG...highly recommend, couldn't believe what happened at the end. There's a lot going on in this book, if you're curious then what are you waiting for? BUY THIS BOOK, simple as that. (Its so good!!) I really enjoyed reading part 6. (A lot of change is brewing....!!!) 5 stars from me!!! And even though I want Bee to be with Hawke, I enjoyed seeing Nicholas warm up here in this story. (Even though we all know who her heart really belongs too...)
0,My Review:	I became completely immersed in this book. It is shorter...approximately 50,000 words vs the normal 100,000 for a full-length novel. But I was completely taken in by the story, to the point where I actually felt like I had seen a movie rather than read a book when it was finished. The imagery and the writing is so complete and lush and it wasn't even until looking back at the book that I realize what an effortless read this was for me as the reader. I could see every single detail of the scenes completely and without doubt in my mind's eye and that takes incredibly skilled writing. I don't think that there was ever a single instance where I had to go back and re-read a sentence for clarity or confusion, and that may not sound like such a huge deal, but it really made this book a lush reading experience for me. I definitely need to pick up more of Julie Rowe's books.		It's also very creative. I liked the different locale to the story. You don't think about an outpost on Antarctica as a good location for a romance story, but this was fabulous. The 65 people on this station become like a huge family and, as such, provided a great backdrop to the romantic story line with a variety of supporting characters that I really enjoyed getting to know.		Tom & Emelie's love story...so rich and poignant. They are both dealing with demons that stand between them developing an actual relationship. I enjoyed watching them each grow and develop into the people that they needed to be for that to happen. The best thing is that they did this through the growth of several other characters that live on the station with them. There are some great sub-plots and story lines throughout this entire story.		Emelie is the new doctor at the Antarctic station. She is there a year after her husband's sudden tragic death and the loss of their baby via miscarriage caused by stress of the incident. Her husband was working on a NASA science experiment and Em wants to carry out the research for his project. As the doctor, she works very closely with the station manager, Tom. Tom is a confirmed bachelor and NEVER plans to change that. No marriage or babies for this guy, but he has reasons for that which take some healing for him to get past. These are two wounded people who are perfect for each other. Eleven months trapped in the very close proximity of the station life may be just what they need to realize that fact.		I highly recommend this book. It was simply a really, really good read!! A few of the plot twists are nothing new, but the quality of the writing and the uniqueness of the setting makes up for that fact in my mind! I really loved that I got the chance to read this one.
0,I loved this book. It was a page tuner and I could not put it down. I laughted the whole time I was reading it. It is a book you should read.
0,Loved this short story and thought it would make a great full length novel (hint, hint, Mr. Howard). The story is about that single moment, suspended between life and death, where an instant extends into forever. I'm going to think about this one for a while. Great job!!
0,BRIEF SUMMARY	Ellie was on the blind date from hell, when the sexy and mysterious waiter had her date escorted out of the restaurant. Unbeknownst to Ellie, the waiter turns out to be the owner of the restaurant and a wealthy Russian businessman, named, Rylek. His resume also includes, Alpha of three vulfen clans. To Ellie's surprise, Rylek, wants to mate with her.		THOUGHTS		This story had different layers for me that I loved and a few times had me doing a *eye roll*.  With saying that, I think the author did give us an entertaining story, which unfolds into a nice plot.		Ellie was on a date that turned out to be the longest night of her life. Between her rude date, and her first encounter with Rylek, things went from zero to a ten very quickly. Rylek's attraction to Ellie was voracious and strong, that within the first two chapters, it sets the pace for the rest of the book.  Before making Ellie his mate, Rylek had a few reservations, as vulfen males mate with vulfen females. It was unheard of for an Alpha vulfen male mating with a human female.  With their sexual heat, mating, and trying to find a traitor amongst the vulfen clans, this was an interesting read.		Apart from enjoying the story, at times, I found Ellie and Rylek's dialogue to be a bit silly, but you couldn't help but laugh and just enjoy the book for what it is.  I was also a bit confused by the mentioning of fangs a lot, as I associate fangs with my vampire books. I honestly thought Rylek had vampire tendencies with a mix of werewolf. Nevertheless, I have to admit, I'm interested in reading book 2 in the series.		Storyline: FAIR	Intimacy: Very GOOD  w/ a tiny bit of a D.R.I.P rating (Don't Read in Public)	Enjoyment: GOOD
0,Really interesting plot concept.  Good read w/lots of blood & mayhem.
0,I have been reading a lot of space opera lately, so you know that a book has to be really good in order to get me to switch to fantasy. This is one of the best stories I've read in a while. The characters are able to grab your attention and keep it throughout the story. At this point I'm hoping that there will be more stories in this series.
0,I've read several of this publishers books and they are always jam packed with very valuable information. I don't suffer with anxiety, but I do have a close friend who does. Many of the things that are in this book my friend has been doing for the past fifteen years to relieve symptoms of anxiety. After discussing these sorts of things at length with my friend, I am convinced that it is vitally important to be vigilant in continually applying proven techniques for gaining relief from anxiety. The remedies in this book have helped people for decades find peace in the midst of panic attacks. This is a very well written book, and worth the little that it costs.
0,Very good book
0,My attention was captured in the first paragraph & stayed that way until the end. A great book to read in an hour or two. The characters are so real and their story was well told. Loved the chemistry between them. My only complaint would be how short the book is, but other than that another great read by Ms. Nelson.
0,What can I say loved this book . Can't believe this rollercoaster ride kiana and deiontae had it was so good !!! Off to read part 2
0,Unconventional but good!  I liked this story about two people that did it a little differently, but got their desired outcome. Sometimes loves comes unexpectedly, but Jasmine and Rich were ready to step outside the box and make it work. Great job!
0,collateral	noun:	1. something pledged as security for repayment of a loan, to be forfeited in the event of a default.	2. a person having the same descent in a family as another but by a different line.		adjective:	1. additional but subordinate; secondary.	2. descended from the same stock but by a different line.		I binged read this series over the last few days. They were addicting, so much so, that Id finish a book and I wouldnt even take the time to mark it finished on goodreads. Id just move on to the next book. Referring to my reading experience as me being a crazed person wouldn't be an understatement.		With that said, I apologize because I had no idea that I wouldnt be able to set the books down to review each one individually. Now that Im done with the series I'm trying to remember what happened in certain books is hard because, to me, its one big story split into six books. To avoid devulging any spoilers I will keep this review brief.		During the course of these installments the character growth was brilliantly done. I loved all the characters... well except for the bad guys. Besides our hero and heroine (Zeth & Sloane) who I couldn't get enough of, my heart was captured by Lacey and Michael! Oh my gosh!! Thats a man I would like to get to know better. His loyalty, charm and swagger had me swooning to the very end! The world could use some more Michaels in it.		Holy hot tamales! The sexy times were off the charts! No worries they were throughout the whole series. Every man needs an inner Zeth when it comes to bedroom antics. *fanning myself*		Callie Hart has a new fan with me! When a book(s) can occupy my every thoughts thats a winner for me. Im lucky because this series was complete when I picked it up to read otherwise I would have gone nuts waiting for the next book.
0,Debbie is a tortured soul ....like many of us. One thing that stuck out and we should remember.  ...SAVE YOURSELF!
0,I love reading the works of Ruth Price. The Amish stories are so good, with no sordid sex or bad language.
0,The Clue Hunt		So far this is the longest of the Rapid Fire Short Stories. It is told in a unique way. The Vespers watcher is tracking some of the Cahills as they hunt for the 39 clues. She is making reports on which of the Cahills might be possible turncoats. She is testing them to determine which have the most potential to become Vespers. Her pieces are between incidents, focusing around different members of the Cahill family. These incidents are told from the first person perspective of the individuals. The Cahill's are:		Ted Starling	Jonah Wizard	Hamilton Holt	Ian Kabra.		It gives us a much greater insight into Jonah, Hamilton and Ian. It is another great short story and advances our knowledge of the 39 Clues world.		I love the original 39 Clues books, and have on my short list to read the second series, The Cahills vs. Vespers. But this short series released between December 25th and December 31st 2011, really caught my attention. 7 Days 7 Short Stories each give us part of a clue and more background information on some of the characters from the books. They are more than worth the price of $0.99 each. Plus each book gives us part of a clue to unlock a new section on the 39 Clues website.
0,Thank you I love books
0,An incredibly funny story about becoming a secret agent by taking online classes. It is at times snarky and at times sincere, but always hilarious and engaging. The writing style keeps the story moving along, and it's really short and easy to get through. I like things like this that don't take themselves too seriously and can just be fun for the sake of it.		Great job!
0,I have already ordered the 3rd and final installment which comes out this month.  Can hardly wait.
0,a good read for those who like military sci-fi. If you liked David Weber's Honor Harrington series or any of Christopher Nuttall's Ark Royal or Empire's Corps series you'll probably enjoy this book and it's sequels. I enjoyed this book and I'm currently reading the second book in the series.
0,I am a huge Janet Elizabeth Henderson fan and have read everything she's done. I was very excited to hear that she was doing a spinoff series with the Benson security company. I really enjoyed the characters and even appreciated the painfully shy Julia--can't wait to see her story next!--and I'm intrigued by Rachel (the "bitchy" one) because there were some nice Easter eggs dropped here and there as to past pain she's experienced.		I appreciate how Janet is very real with her characters' crazy situations--like how Megan got out of a very dangerous hostage situation (don't want to say too much and spoil it!)--or how her overconfidence may have helped an operation go well but not alleviate all human mistakes. I also liked the romance between the two MCs, as well as the budding romances of secondary characters.		All in all, I liked the pacing and storyline, and I enjoyed how sensitive issues were written with sensitivity and grace. I think this is going to be a wonderful series and I'm looking forward to the next installment!		Also...LOVE the cover! :)
0,I read reviews on this and almost didn't buy it. I'm sure glad I did I loved tess and Ben's story. I would for sure recommend it to anyone I know. Thank you Danielle Torella keep writing I will keep buying!!
0,Received a copy. This book starts off with a little mystery. Lana and David are very interesting. Lana is strong and driven. Her past is what makes her who she is in the present time. David is a surprise and Lana is pulled to him. The mystery continues throughout the book until the very end. How will the story unfold and will you understand the past to figure out if Lana and David has Pure Fantasy?
0,Married to Ben Frank had me hooked from start to finish...It was fast pace & the Characters seemed as though you knew them...LOVED THIS BOOK
0,Omg you must read good story.
0,Chasing Trouble is the seventh exciting western romantic suspense book in the Texas Trouble series written by author Becky McGraw.
0,This is in interesting book that explores many aspects of addition in a reader-friendly, easy-to-understand way. Some addictions can be dealt with in a natural way and this books offers quite a few different approaches. It is well-written and definitely very helpful.
0,Lexie is left wondering why the cancer didn't take her, what could have been done differently, and how will she grant the kids wishes? She is a nurse in the children's oncology ward. She is sweet, caring, and feisty. Will she be able to grant this little boys wish and have his favorite rock band come visit the boy...or will she fail?	Kaleb is the lead singer of Dragon Knights. He is your typical rock star....doesn't want to be bothered with such a task. Things get worse before they get better.	I enjoyed reading this book. It makes you sad and very emotional with the subject of cancer...it isn't an easy to deal with. I felt bad for the characters and the author for writing such a brave story. I wish there was a little more hot, dirty and downright sinful sex. I got a little bored I have to admit after a while as it didn't hold my attention as much. With all that said I'll give it 4 stars. It was a very enjoyable read and I hope to get the chance to read the next in the series.
0,Maya Stirling has written a most engaging love story, placed on Wyoming, yet smattered with British English terms and spellings that belies her home of origin!  She managed to bring to life the main characters and supporting characters to the point that the reader quickly becomes engrossed in the storyline!  With several twists and turns not seen in previous 'mail order bride' stories, Ms. Stirling has managed to make hers a unique and enjoyable read!  A MUST READ!
0,Great passions, especially for the benefit of others can lead us to our calling in unexpected places. This girls broken heart was only to be healed when she pursued help for orphaned children. Read how her concern for others helped heal her and to find love.
0,This is a beautiful love story of true love understanding and forgiving love and friendship that lead to happiness that memorable with adorable characters.
0,I've always have been interested	in the relationship of Chakras	and Yoga, so I'm I'm really glad	I found these books. "Chakras, &	Yoga" are jam packed with	ideas, tips, and strategies to	help you master your body,	mind and soul. Thanks!
0,I would like to say I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book, loved the characters and story. This was such a great story about these two characters that I will definitely be reading it again. I would definitely recommend that readers give this book a read. Thank you.
0,This book will grab your attention, and then keep it throughout.  It has two very different characters, that find some things together that are alike.  Callum is a 27 year old bare knuckle fighter that is participating in some illegal things.  Lily is a 30 year old copper that is sent undercover nto the bar where Callum works  to find a murderer.  Immediately, there is sexual chemistry between them, but there is so much more than this in this book.  There is also suspense, murder, and intrigue that will keep keep you from putting down the book.  There are also lots of unexpected twists and turns.  I received this book from the author in return for an honest review, and I highly recommend it.  I really enjoyed it.
0,A party at the Kappa Sigma Delta frat housekegs of beer and a bunch of drunk and horny bodieswhat better place to loose your virginity? And what better candidate to deflower you than your BFFs boyfriend? Such is the premise for Girl on Demand, a memoir in the form of a novella written by Etoile. Feeling strangled by her mothers chokehold on her social and sex life, junior college freshman Etoile decides that she needs an event to catapult her out of her mothers house and into the big wide world and all it has to offer. Since her best friend Tonya is in Hawaii with her parents, theres no better candidate for Etoiles first foray into the magical world of sex than with her BFFs boyfriend, Bradley. When Bradley invites Etoile to the Kappa Sigma Delta frat party, it seems as though the stage has been setThe book is a quick read and, for the most part, an enjoyable one. The prose is light and doesnt attempt to be anything that its not. If you like reading about protagonists who embrace their sexuality with gusto, youll love Girl on Demand.
0,This is the 3rd book in the Rixton Falls series and this is Delilahs story.  In previous books , Delilah comes off as so prim and proper. In this story, Wow, does she show she has a naughty side.	Delilah, as stated, is prim and prope and she needs to have things in order; well lets says under control, if not her control. She comes to Florida to come see her great aunt in Florida to help her with her home and getting it packed up. She ends up getting into it with her next door neighbor Zane. He is this sexy, big, a total hunk of a man who plays professional football. He is also very self-absorbed and has been going thru this phase of drinking, partying, and girls. So now he is on restriction by his coach in order to get his act together or else.  One moment she wants to kill him and the next she wants to kiss him.	Zane meets his next door neighbors great niece, Delilah,  at a stop light party and finds he really likes toying with her. I loved watching their interaction together- it is literally sparks coming off each other when they get together. Its a love/hate relationship at first but then it changed almost immediately.  They start spending more time together- Zane couldn't determine what he wanted or how to go about it. He hurt Delilah in the process while trying to get his act together. While Zane and Delilah are doing the relationship dance, Delilahs sister comes to town. She tells her about her feelings and Daphne just tells her to embrace her new relationshipBut just as she is doing that, something horrible happens and Zane breaks trust and betrays Delilah.  Will Zane get that chance to prove how much she means to him? Will he show her how much he loves her? There is a part where Zane works so hard to show Delilah how much he loves her and works so hard to prove that love.	There is a great surprise at the end of the book do not want to give it away but look for it. Also , I cannot WAIT for Daphne's storyit looks to be a killer!!		My rating: 4.7 stars ****	 **I was given an ARC by the author in exchange for an honest review***
0,This book is fantastic. Alysia and Kendrix are magical together, no pun intended. Their chemistry and the sacrifiles they are willing to make for one another are anazing. Their story is fascinatingoing to read and the chemistry between them should light the book on fire.
0,Have to say I love this series. I couldn't put it down. The stories move quickly and are believable. Want a fast read love story, this is perfect.
0,very sweet, endearing shortly giving updates and happily ever after for all the cast.  loved Gin's point of view with his Christmas surprise.
0,Enjoyed this book. Had a good story line and I could not wait to finish it.  What is her friend's story.
0,This book was refreshing. I liked the twists and turns. The characters meshed well together. At first I thought it would be like every other book. It wasn't.
0,Girl Cam had me more than a little bit frustrated!!! I understand that she was young but you are supposed to learn from life experiences. For example, you touch a hot stove and burn yourself. You know not to touch it again or you use oven mits. No Cam would probably say, "well maybe it won't burn me this time" and then proceed to get burned again .
0,I have just recently started a gluten free regimen and I really miss baked goods. Paleo Desserts: Muffins, Scones, Fruits, Cakes, Cookies is a wonderful source of gluten free recipes that helps satisfy my sweet tooth. My only complaint is I would like a few more cookies recipes.		Anyone who is going gluten free will benefit from getting this resource. Highly recommended.
0,What A Girl Decides, when Sarah reaches her dorm room she sees a note stuck to her door that she has two weeks to pay for her dorm room and tuition or she will be kicked out.  Sarah's father has cut all ties with her and has agreed not to pay the school anymore as well as asked for the last two week's tuition back.  Rob is still with his sisters and he's in distress, he's upset with himself that he is not able to talk to Sarah; however Rob's younger sister gives him a quick slap to the head.  Penny tells Rob that he's been fighting for so long with his father for his freedom, now he needs to prove that money isn't everything and to go win the love of his life.  Rob realizes he's been a fool, and goes to find Sarah at her job at the bar and wants to reconcile.  Rob tells Sarah he's given it all up except enough money to put her through college, and to buy a house with her.  Sarah is throwing the options around, but she knows in the end that Rob is home.
0,A quick reading novel following familiar paths of the old west. A true study of people living in hard times.
0,I liked this book! It was actually a little too easy a read for me. So I would recommend it for light	Reading. However, that being said, I was happily surprised that I did not figure out the ending
0,Reasonably gripping thriller, with interesting characters and plausible plot. Good grasp of geography! A slightly disappointing ending, but that just shows I was involved in the protagonists and wanted more from them!
0,This set of books were enthralling, from start to finish.  The employment of a 29 year old woman, to lead the re election campaign for the youngest president of America, triggers the start of a hot and turbulent relationship . With a little bit of blackmail thrown in, to keep everyone on their toes. Yes I enjoyed it!!!
0,I thought it was to short, I could of read alot more from her.
0,I should have considered this course way back college. Discipline is very essential to learn as we all know it requires talent. As I only look at this basically as the study of human behavior and the mind, this book will take your background to a higher level. I noted the pages on impact of psychology of influence and control. Tactics like amplification, manipulation and of course priming, they're just so interesting. Among tactics, I value reciprocity as one of the effective methods.		Amazing to learn how an advertiser or a salesperson can convince their market using these tactics. Even for communication practitioners, this they can bring when doing PRs, negotiations, speeches, etc.
0,Ryk Brown's first installment in his Frontiers Saga is a great introduction to an exciting new series. The characters are engaging, the plot flows nicely and it gets to be quite a page turner at times. I'm looking forward to reading more and am happy to see that there are a bunch more in the series.
0,Addison Jane has a thing for keeping her readers engrossed in a story.  I inhale each and every one of her reads, and Blizzard was no different!!!  She hooked me in with her Club Girl Diaries series.  Blizzard is book one in the Brotherhood Journals.  This is the story of Blizzard and Rose.  Blizzard is  the Vice President of The Brothers by Blood MC.  Rose is part of the De Palma family.  One of the biggest mafia families in the U.S.  Rose needs to right her wrongs for doing what she  believed she had to in order to attain the love she deserved and craved from her father.  Unfortunately, she hurt her best friend, Chelsea, and Blizzard, the man she was falling for.  Rose finds a way to redeem herself and needs to do this to feel whole and right her wrongs.  Blizzard, as a child, was hurt by his mother when she left and  caused him to be raised by an alcoholic father who was an MC member.  And now hurt by Rose's betrayal.  Rose returns to the Brothers by Blood MC to prove her loyalty.  What follows is a story that you just have to read .....  There are some twists and turns.  And lots of action and grit.  Plenty of panty melting scenes too! Blizzard and Rose's chemistry is way off the charts.  I felt like I was sitting in the middle of a heat wave while reading about the  very hot and alpha Blizzard!!!  I'm in love with little Jayla. <3  Now about Skins ........ :)
0,This one as good as the last one, the same but not. The author gives you such feeling for the character's that you find yourself there and its happening to you and that's what books are all about!!!
0,The Great Brownie Taste-off was exactly what I expecteda sweet (pardon the pun) and easy read.	Yolanda Cater works at the Crown Street Cat Shelter but wants to own a bakery one day. She loves to bake and make other people happy. When her friend tells Yolanda she has a job for her that pays $900 a night Yolanda has to check it out. Of course it is in a strip club but the owner doesn't think Yolanda can cut it as a stripper  either does she. He offers her a job as a secretary but when she sees the first letter is about closing the cat shelter Yolanda turns it down. Instead she challenges the man to a brownie bake-off. If he wins his other company, a pre-made frozen brownie giant, can have the building. If she wins, the cat shelter stays.	There is so much to this story than that. The subplot is really interesting and fun. I won't go into it all as I don't want to spoil the story for you, the reader. Just know what you see isn't all there is.	There was just one small complaint I had as a reader, not one that ruined the book but did make it hard reading in some places. The author uses a lot of description, especially when it comes to clothing. Every time a character reenters the story we get to hear about how they are dressed. It did take a bit from the story and had me skipping some parts of it.	All in all, I enjoyed this book and look forward to more from the author.
0,I was given an ARC for an honest review.  I really liked this book by Suzannah - I've been a fan for a while!		Lexi Swafford returns to the town her late grandfather loved.  She meets handsome Mason Cambridge and immediately hardens her heart towards the outgoing bartender at Spanky's Bar.  He seems the "player" and she's been "played" before.  He on the other hand, would like to know Lexi better and after knowing her a short while invites her to be his roommate when she has difficulty finding her own apartment.  It's only for a few months until her place will be completed, so why not?  WELL for one thing, he's sexy, handsome and the banter between them is adorable.		They both have pasts that keep them from being with each other.  He drinks to avoid dealing with his. She avoids getting involved with anyone to deal with hers.  Mason teaches Lexi the basics behind the bar and Lexi teaches him to look forward rather than to the past.  Misunderstandings, trust issues, Masons family, women from Masons past, someone from Lexi's past - ALL problems they must surmount to give us the happy ending they want - the one WE want.  Will they get it?  READ the book! You will not regret it!
0,Have enjoyed all of the McKenna's Haven series, and frankly, all of Lisa Crane's work. Waited a long time for this one and somehow missed it's release. Liked the main character's and also liked the return and interaction of Jack and Jessie from an earlier book. Other main characters of past books also returned in lesser roles, but especially liked how Win and Skye were utilized. Respect the way Lisa Crane writes; -her romances are very romantic, yet clean and believable. She doesn't cross the line to make it inappropriately titillating, nor does she make it seem fairy-tale-ishly perfect, her characters, -especially Delaney here, really struggles with following God's will instead of simply falling into a perfect Christian walk. The mystery portion of the tale had me thinking I was quite the accomplished sleuth, only to come across a twist near the end, blowing my theory right out of the water. The author was kind enough to respond to a past review and I suggested another installment written around a secondary character from an earlier book. She said she was looking at Jesse's brothers, but the little teaser at the end suggests the character I was hoping for in the next installment. Yippee, Lisa!!! I can't wait!!
0,The characters are so real. She brings the story to life with words. You feel as though your in thee middle of thee story. The writing takes you on their journey never let's your mind wander. Just a joy to read
0,Jesse & Alexi. What a pair. From a love at 17 to a knight in shining armor. Jesse rescues Alexi from a bad marriage before it gets started and it's hot sexy love from that very first kiss.	Add in the mystery of break ins,ransacked hotel room,mysterious phone calls and other things. Jesse is there to protect Alexi and his own heart but there's no denying it that he loves Alexi.
0,Let me just say that I love AJ Lape's brain!!!! OMG, this book was AWESOME! AJ has such a gift, she makes Darcy feel like a real person. It's not often that I physically WORRY about a fictional character! I worried before I even started the book, lol, I believe it was 100 Proof Stud that I actually caught myself starting to pray for her...and let me tell you, I'm religious, but not THAT religious! I just knew this book was going to be even more stressful. I don't know why I put myself through the stress, but in the end, it's always worth it. Darcy is such a spectacle, the crazy things she gets herself into, just wow! I just love that even in the most dire of circumstances, she keeps her sense of humor...I don't think I could do it. When AJ told those of us in her street team that Darcy would find info out about her mother, wow, this is SO not what I had in mind! Such an unexpected twist, totally didn't see that one coming! OMG, I can't even tell you! If you haven't read one of AJ's books, you're SOOOO missing out. The first book in the Darcy Walker Series is FREE right now! Her books are amazing and she has such a gift, I don't even understand how she's still Indy, Traditional publishers should be beating down her door! Check out the Rafflecopter Giveaway and the Excerpt from Defcon Darcy on my <a href="http://youhadmeatfreebook.blogspot.com/2015/03/review-of-defcon-darcy-by-aj-lape.html">blog</a>!
0,I've enjoyed all 3 books in the Bear Claw Security series so far for what they are- light, fluffy romantic paranormal, slightly suspenseful novels. The characters are the best part for sure (as the suspense is a little light- but not everyday "seat of your pants, edge of your seat"). Though I enjoyed Limes and Cade as male heroes, Bronson is one of the most emo alphas I've read in a long time, not so much so that he's annoying, but enough that he's a refreshing change from all the typical chest-beating types. I rate this book 4 stars not because it's the best I've read this year but because for this type of paranormal shifter romance available on longer form on KU, this is one of the better quality series you will read!
0,Kristen Painter has give her readers of her Nocturne Fall's series a sweet gem of a read!		Stanhill, (a 'rook' to vampire Hugh Ellingham), is not quite a vampire himself. For a few years now, Stanhill has courted Corette,  (a witch who has three daughters). Kristen Painter has given us glimpses of Corette and Stanhill throughout her Nocturne Falls novels and novellas. It was so nice to have their love story shared.		Stanhill arrives to escort his love, Corette to the annual Black and Orange Ball. Unfortunately, due a mix up with a spell by her witch daughter's, Corette memories are wiped clean.  If the spell cannot be reversed, the love that has grown over the years will be gone forever.		This story is a wonderful read. A sweet gift from a talented writer!
0,All the poignancy and melodrama associated with a teenage girl.  Here wanted what use couldn't see or even imagine.  She got a fleeting glance before she discovered her real desires.  She wanted what was always hers for the taking... a loving life.
0,Spiritually rewarding
0,Not what I was expecting but just right. This one was a satisfying tale and it was good to see Saul's side of things. Good job Sammie J.
0,Stranded, Alaskan Courage Book Three by Dani Pettrey	Darcy St James returns to Alaska and a job she gave up to help out her friend and former coworker Abby. They are former partners as investigation journalists. Abby has stumbled upon a big case and needs Darcy's help but when she goes to help Abby has disappeared from the cruise ship. The last person Darcy expects to meet is Gage McKenna. When she last left Alaska she left a part of her heart and never expected to see Gage again. Together they face danger and fight for their lives.  This is the first book I have had the pleasure of reading by the author Dani Pettrey and the first in this series, I find it to be well written. It is a fast paced book that grabs and holds your attention. I had a hard time putting it down. Although it is part of a series it can be read as a stand alone, I had no problem following. I give this outstanding book five stars and can not wait to learn all about the rest of the McKenna's in the first two books.  This author is sure to find her way to my favorites. I want to thank the author Dani Pettrey and publisher for bringing good clean Christian books like this one to readers like me.
0,This book was hot on a whole other level! This author amazes me with her books the more I read them. Yes the book is a little taboo and might not be for everyone, but if you your looking for a hot read then this is definitely the book for you
0,There is nothing like a hot alpha marine and petite beautiful woman who is brilliant.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  I read it in one evening and look forward to others in the series.
0,It saddened me to be reading this when Mr. Bourdain passed away. Thoroughly enjoyed reading this interview with him. You will be terribly missed!!
0,Toby Neal is an excellent writer and her stories are fast-paced, well-plotted, and genuinely outstanding.  This volume is like a fast train, it never slows down and will keep you on the edge of your seat!		Protagonist police officers and newly married couple Lei and Stevens have action-filled adventures separately and together in this novel.  The storyline involves damage to cultural artifacts as well as two murders to solve, but the emotional  threads of the book are several and include the nature of family and community, profound loss and rebirth,  and the healing nature of love and commitment.  Author Neal is a practicing psychologist and her deep understanding of anguish and redemption shine throughout this book as in all of her works.		The backdrop of Hawaiian daily life and culture, the beauty of the islands, and fully developed highly functional and layered relationships, all come together to make this book, and the entire series and companion novels, a wonderful experience for the reader.  I highly recommend this book and author.
0,Delightful book about second chances in all their variations. Dusty roads, cowboys with attitudes, and a plethora of exs and annoyances. Loved all five of the stories.
0,I enjoyed this initial book in the series - reminds me of the cooking show contests.  Poppy develops into a reluctant investigator when she changes careers an there fun supporting characters - an enjoyable journey following her footsteps as she tries to solve the mystery.  Good vacation read and looking forward to the next book in the series.
0,You know a Series is good if it can make u cry and cry u will. I so enjoyed this series. The characters come alive and enter your heart without the knowledge they are there. Enjoy the series because this is one u have to read.
0,Now this was a great book. Five stars all the way. Don't delay buy this book you will not regret it. I just loved this book. Couldn't put it down. I sure will be reading this book again and again.
0,Yet another excellent book in the cobra series. While this book focused on the romance between Dante and Taylor.  It wasn't unrealistic. The suspense was real and fast paced, while two parents stressed over their missing children. I loved the way  Ms. Vaughn creatively and skillfully made Kai a hero without  loosing track of the fact that he is just a title boy be that a very special boy. I absolutely loved each of the characters, felt anxious at times and then laughed out loud the plot was awesome and definitely not predictable which is always refreshing. I could not put this book down and cannot wait for the next one Ms. Vaughn has become one of my favorite author
0,I chose this book because of the author.  I have never been disappointed in her books.  And over the years I have read many .  I call some rereads--books I can read again.
0,I really enjoyed the story. I loved the characters and their dynamics. I love how the love Paris and Jay Rock had for one another.
0,Good plot, fast moving.  Had some humor and suspense.  Easy to relate to characters.
0,I started not to read this one and I'm glad I gave it a chance.  I loved Josh.  I loved that this is a YA story for the most part but has an adult HEA.
0,I am a home school teacher of a five year old and use this book and several others from Baby Professor as part of our curriculum. This book is a short read that offers plenty of opportunity to expand on vocabulary. I assisted my five year old in reading the book, then took the words that were not yet in his vocabulary, gave him the definition, and used those words in his spelling lessons. I would recommend this book and all others from Baby Professor to any parent who plays an active role in their child's learning. I received this Kindle read at no cost too which is always a plus for a home school teacher!
0,I loved this book I loved the series kc is a really good author
0,The group on Jorn who were magically transported from modern Earth to a medieval era world continue to travel looking for a home. This is the second book of the series and is very wordy when describing almost every detail of rocks, wagons, towns, etcetera. They also seem to encounter a random gay lesbian addition to add to the group regularly. Most of this seems gone more in an effort to promote a positive view of how modern Earth has progressed to the point where men and women can do whatever they want in society. The characters were very weakly developed and not very interesting. The world of Jord seems like a walk across the countryside with a few evil men to fight every so often. Needs a lot of work to add some action or drama.
0,**I was given an ARC for an honest review**		I've read a couple of Jacqueline Sweet's books and I have to say one thing I love about her books is the humor.		This book is no different. Even when Mina is being abducted and faced with kidnappers wanting to take her baby she still doesn't lose herself. She knows that her baby will help to protect them as well as her mate.		But what's a bear shifter suppose to do when he no longer has his bear to rely on? Matt's bear has gone to protect his cub and he'll have to rely on his brother's to help find his mate.
0,Fun sci-fi series, always good writing and humor
0,WOW!!!  I love this series!!!  It's fresh and exciting and action packed!! Time Without End is one of my favorites!!  Cora and Dorian's relationship is developing, both emotionally and sexually.  Their sexual scenes are quite steamy!!  Cora wants to fit into both worlds and she wants to feel safe.  Just when things are getting back to normal so to speak there is another attack. I won't spoil the end but it will have you wanting to read more!!
0,The nerd stays a nerd and real love develops as the two work through their problems.  A story of forgiveness and finding whom you love.
0,Christmas stories of women finding their true love. Candy cane sweet, but with a touch of spice. If Santa brought women what they wanted for  Christmas, what happens in these stories would be it.
0,God I was on the edge of my seat and biting my nails for most of this book. Damn it Ker and Dawn I'm not even the nailbiting type. Please take note of the warnings associated with this book. It is raw and uncensored, powerful and twisted, gripping and unpredictable. I couldn't keep up with the body count. It's a stunning (literally) conclusion......or is it?!.......lol.......just kidding! Ker and Dawn kick a$$.
0,For a Kindle price of $.99 The Abbey is worth a shot.		Mr. Culver brings us a Muslim cop, Ash Rashid, who begins this tale by having his niece and later her boyfriend murdered. He deals with personal, religious, and departmental problems as Mr. Culver weaves his way through the story.		In no way is this any sort of excellently written blockbuster. But, for the price I would not pass it up. I've read some bombs at this price. This wasn't one of them. A decent quick read
0,This book has helpful information that I plan to use. I'm not sure about the finger puppets, but I will somehow overcome this before I end up with horrible scars.
0,This one had a twist I DID NOT see coming. A couple of them. But it was good. The comedy in this came from the guy lead and the gal lead's daughter. And a few Invertary plot twists of course. The sext scenes weren't that heated to me but I loved the story and the secondary love story. And the crazy stuff. And the cousin/family dynamic. It was a sweet story, deserved all five stars!
0,This is a great series story!  I really enjoyed reading all about this unusual family and also about the unusual DID personalities - I have never heard of this illness before. I recommend this book to the mature readers but not to the younger generation due to the graphic sexual parts of the book.
0,Hot alpha male to the rescue. This was a quick read and pretty good storyline. Lots of chemistry and steamy scenes.
0,For honest review. Lance  is working hard for his spot in football and meets Charlotte see their story .These characters have a lot of heart even though they are not sure of one another their love and pull for one another is true.
0,I recommend this book for a weekend read. It was nice to get to know some of the other characters from book one. Enjoy!
0,While reading about the romance between Luke and Dani, you seem to be drawn into it.  As if they are real people, instead of just characters in a book.  You laugh with them, and you cry with them.  At one point, during the reading of this book, I had to put it down and walk away. Not because I didn't like the book, but because of what was happening at the time. I got the impression things were not going to turn out so very well, and I was not ready for it.  Later when I went back and finished reading, I was so happy with how things turned out.  I totally ejoyed this book and am waiting for the next one to come out.  I would definitelly recommend this book to everyone that likes a really good romance.
0,Pretty decent zombie read. The characters are all very positive and supportive of each other, a bit much and unrealistic sometimes. One character has dreams that are premonitions and the little girl appears to be psychic and there is never any discussion about this at all. Why were the two characters drawn together only to have the girl die without anything accomplished? A lot of unanswered questions, but not boring.
0,I haven't read a MC book this good in a long time.  I'm so and at myself for having it sit on my kindle unread for so long.
0,Great game
0,How Marilyn Brown is able to find that fine line of recreating the lingo of the period without allowing it to seem trite is only one aspect of her `historical writing' that deserves applause. The West as she casts it is credible, full of the scents and the drama of that last frontier, and brings to life famous characters in a new light as well as finding auxiliary characters to maintain human interest and romance. This is a very finely spun tale by a lady who knows her talent and uses it with aplomb.		Brown very wisely opens her book with an essay on `The Art of Historical Fiction' and it adds so very much to the constructed tale of WAKING IN TOMBSTONE that it deserves mention to encourage readers to delve into this book. ' Stories are exciting because we can enter into the minds and hearts of other people, living "lives" in other times and places, experiencing conversations, feelings, glances, etc., that connect us more intimately with the past than dry historical facts can do. The difficulty with this "art of historical fiction" is that the reader wants to know what's really true and what isn't. Grady Harp, December 14
0,Porque me meti de lleno en el libros no queria dejar de leerlo lo termite en dos dias  fascinate	Me gusto mucho	Se lo recommendation a mi familia y amigos realmente  para mi Jude  es una escritora increible felicidades Jude Deveraux
0,An interesting series of short stories involving RAF personnel over the years.  Some stories are of events prior to WWII.
0,Love this series of books by Suzie O'Connell.  They are charming and get  you to think about relationships and how so many things can influence them.  Well done.
0,This book did not go down the road I thought it was going to.	And I am glad.	First off, the dialoge!  Oh, the dialoge is fantastic.  Della's personality shines through when she talks.  RC has a great sense of character interaction.  It flowed effortlessly.	Cash is by far my favorite in this book.  He is funny, protective and he tells Della what she NEEDS to hear as opposed to what she wants to hear. She is lucky to have him as a friend and cousin.  Ezra comes in a close second.  He is delish.  I have no other words than that.	Della Deare, sorry, you are third. (I know you are the MC but I stand firm on my opinion.) Her character grew so much in this book though, you could see how her place in the world had shifted. From having no control and being thrust into this violent world to actively participating in this war.		Favorite quotes:		"I licked my lips half expecting him to kiss me right then, when he instead grasped my hand, gently pressed his lips against it, and then dragged me through the door.  I'd never been jealous of my own hand before."		How can you NOT want to read this book after that?
0,http://readingpastmybedtime.wordpress.com/2013/06/18/between-friends-by-amanda-cowen/		This book was amazing! I got it for free on Amazon a few months ago, and it's been sitting on my Kindle. The story is about friends for 10 years Ben and Megan. Their best friends who are are high school sweethearts are getting married in Costa Rica and the night before Ben makes a bet with Megan on a coin toss heads, her and Ben sleep together, tails they don't. The next morning Megan wakes up in bed with Ben wondering how she let herself sleep with her best friend.		The week they are in Costa Rica she try's to move on to a new guy, her best friend (who's getting married) Jesscica's cousin. He's the perfect guy for her on paper, but feelings for Ben keep popping up, but giving him a chance could ruin their life long friendship. So what happens? You need to pick up this book (it's still free on amazon!) and find out.		You will get annoyed by Jessica and her total bridezilla attitude and bitchiness. Her friends who can be good friends at times, and then totally pathetic taking sides, etc. And you will see how sweet the "Player" guys can really be. The wedding scene is hilarious (as a reader, maybe not so much for the characters).		All in all, this book was a sweet read, will stress you out some with how crazy things get, and make you believe in true love. I absolutely loved it, I read it in one day practically in one sitting! If you are looking for a sweet and good read to sit by the pool and relax with, this is the perfect one. Amanda Cowen's writing style grabs you in the beginning and doesn't let you go till the end, she finished the story and you were happy with the ending, and didn't have any "so what now" type of questions. Pick it up now, you will enjoy it, I know I did!
0,A good story in its genre, this is a romance about a woman unintentionally finding her roots, like them, and falling in love.  A good. light reading text, the story appears to be the first in a series about people introduced in this novel.  The characters are able to be viewed as realistic, and the romance is paced well.  There are some issues with the believability of some situations, but this piece of fiction allows the reader to imagine falling in love and just being a good person.
0,Book 2 starts off where book 1 finished and was full of jaw dropping moments that I never saw coming.	This was the first MC series I have read and I'm so glad CM was the one to steal that cherry because she did it magnificently!!	Drex is struggling with the decent Swiss of him to give Eve up and give her a normal life, without the hard, crazy and dangerous life he leads but Eve has other plans.... She has fallen for Drex and has discovered that she fits in with his world and no longer does in her old life.	Her best friend Ben is not who he seems and her Uncle has deceived her whole family of unimaginable events that tore her family apart.	This book seriously had me hooked from the first book and the second book blew me away! So many scenes I never saw coming, she has a magic pen and magic mind.	5 stars for every chapter in this book!!
0,Needless to say this is the fourth book Ive read with Claire Lance as the leading lady. She is a delightful character, a tough cookie, and just as well, as trouble seems to find her. This line from the story sums it up nicely  Sometimes fate shoots you with the f*%k-up gun and things work out for the best when the dust settles.		As with all the books in this series, once again someone is hot on Claires trail wanting to bring her in for her so-called part in killing Elaine, her lover. In this installment that person comes in the form of the psychotic Savastian Kedrov. And like every other book, all is not as it seems.		Theres actually a lot going on in this story  Claires attempt at a normal life in Alaska, getting to know the locals, and what a delightful bunch of people they were. Aitch stole my heart. Then theres Claires new love interest Jodie who we met in book three, and the two of them trying to form a relationship. When a posse of men arrives in town, things really go belly up. An unsuspecting person is abducted, and thus sees Claire on the hunt to rescue her. At one point someone called her MacGyver, and the moniker couldn't be more fitting.		Elaines ghost is ever present, as are the conversations between Claire and her deceased lover, although they are taking a turn, suggesting Claire might finally be able to let go and love again. Another line I highlighted  "When death comes for someone you truly love, its hard to believe that you're supposed to move on. It feels like a betrayal. But thats life. You take the scars and you keep going."		There are a couple of adult scenes in this book, one gave me my erotica fix, the other I really couldve done without. I won't get into the reasons why, as to do so would involve spoilers. Im looking forward to seeing where book 5 goes and hope Claire finally gets a break, the chance to settle down and find the love she deserves.
0,Helpful book gives 33 ways to change habits, improve your energy, nourish your body & mind, and live intentionally.  After reading this book I realized just how much I need to reboot!  The author's suggestion is to focus on just 3 of his strategies to start, which is a doable way to make permanent changes in a short period of time.  Great strategies for life changes
0,Enjoyed this book thouroughly. Strong single women and in steps celebrity, but she never sees him as that. He is her JUST BRADY.
0,Husband's are off limits and I guess Maria couldn't comprehend. Delusional, Obsessed and Crazy is what she is. I just hope Meek has his wife's back, since it his mess. I'm ready for part IV. What will happen next???
0,Mia was very complicated but finally overcame her struggling with her disease to come out on top and was able to love Chase like he wanted very good story!
0,I seriously didn't think Melanie Harlow could top Some Sort of Happy & Some Sort of Crazy, which were both on my list of top reads for 2015. She went and totally exceeded my high expectations! Levi Brooks is the yummy hot-bearded single dad who meets up with Jillian Nixon at her sister's wedding. They had met briefly in college (you need to read it to find out more). Levi as a single dad pulled at my heart-strings in a big way. The way he struggled internally with his responsibilities as a parent touched me deeply. His sensitivity to his son added a layer of sexiness that even his six-foot-four-inch gorgeous body couldn't accomplish on its own. It's so refreshing and sweet to see a story with the father having to make the hard choices that you typically see a mother face. Jillian was a fantastic heroine as she navigated the choppy waters with Levi as he wrestled with his priorities and heart. The wit and self-deprecating dialogue kept the story moving steadily along. The author has an innate talent for combining the heat, heart & laughter into a perfect blend to create a story that resonates with you long after you close the book.
0,This book centers around Raphael Letta who is a youth werewolf strugglinh to survive on his own and avoid the controller who is trying to send him back to the Renegade Youth Shelter.		One night he meets Luisa and knows immediately that she is to be his mate. After they are separated he still can not stop thinking about her and constantly searches for her.		When Raphael is given a chance for a better life he takes it but when he hears that Luisa us taken by a gang, The Reds, he vows to go in a get her. As he begins his life a member of the gang he will do whatever it takes to protect Luisa but at what cost?		Is Raphael in over his head and will they have a chance at happiness or will being in the gang cost him everything?		This is a great book and brings in the supernatural as well as characters from Monica's other series! Such a great author!!
0,Jack is a good man
0,You could read just D. C. Riots, but do yourself a great favor  and read all three! You should be prepared to lose sleep, once you start, you can't stop.	You can't go wrong, reading any of these authors books.	Mamaw cj, Maumelle, Ar.
0,This is the first book I've read in a while and I definitively recommend it. Awesome story line. Great read.
0,Let me just say that I love any story that brings elves into my world again.  I love when an author tries to work with them.  I just wish that each author would give us a back ground. This book is no exception, I want more history, more about how we got to where we are today in the book.  I just like knowing how people got to be the way they are in the books I read.		Kameo was a great character and I can't wait to see what comes next for her.  I just wish we had a better love interest for her. I want my main characters to have a strong, good love interest.  I know that there are bad boys, but they aren't the ones who leave me with a bad taste in my mouth.  I am all about a good "bad" boy, but I got this feeling that Caleb is just not that kind of bad boy.  I think that he will end up being a bad love interest.		I can't wait to see what will happen with the series.  I think that since it is elves, we have so much we see being done.  I know there are books out there with elves, but really no many that have the main story built off of them.  They are just a part of a whole, not the central theme.		I think that Ally has got a great start to a series and she did it so well!  It was not rushed and the build up of the love interest side was better then most books.  I just hate when an author has her characters fall in love in like three pages, or 24 hours.  (Which ever comes first.) I can't wait to see what she does next!		Pros: Elves!  Smooth Story, great ideas	Cons: Some characters just didn't do it for me.	Overall rating: Definitely recommend it!		Impressions: Strong story, good ideas, ELVES!!!
0,Unfortunately, Mr. Kalanithi contracted cancer and didn't live to finish his book.  However, it was interesting, honest, poetic, inspiring, moving and a bit of a true love story.  I enjoyed the book.
0,Read this book in one evening, I love Cindy Bell. I have read several of hers and look forward to reading another.
0,Short and sweet but full of romance. Jamie is amazing and the kilt and accent are super hot. I loved Riley's fiery character as well.
0,This was my second time reading through the series and I still loved it!
0,Robyn Gonzalez has been through a lot. Since the age of fifteen, Robyn has been on her own.  With mental and emotional abuse from her mother; she has been taking care of herself.  In order to survive she has been working as a stripper at the Devil's Den strip club. However, Robyn isn't your typical stripper. She is determined, smart, and a virgin! She is putting herself through college to have a better and brighter future. Oh did I mention, she is a virgin?		Garrick becomes Robyn's knight and shining armor when she is thrust into danger the night of her birthday. Garrick is rich, an alpha male and knows he just has to have Robyn. He is also the new head of security for the strip club.  The chemistry between the two is intense from the very beginning and neither can explain it.  Garrick has trouble accepting Robyn's profession. They both have to learn to accept and rely on each other for their relationship to work out.		Surrender moves along at a fast pace. I thought it felt like their feelings and romance were rushed for the story as well as the ending.  This is a stellar book from Violetta Rand and I will with out a doubt read the next two books in this series.  The book had everything I love for a good book: a little dark, a virgin, a hot alpha male, and some pretty hot sexy scenes. The story comes together and was created to be a story of survival and finding yourself.		A gifted copy was provided by the author in exchange for an honest review by Jodie Rae.
0,Very enjoyable story. Wasn't sure what to expect from the description, so was pleasantly surprised with the. Hard terms and the plot of the story.		"I was given a free copy of this book in exchange for a review."
0,{my thoughts} - These books keep getting better and better. This one was far more descriptive then the previous ones I had read. It kept my attention through to the end and fit in well with the zombie/ fairytale theme. This one is based on the Little Red Riding Hood tale. Some of the things that take place in this book had turned my stomach, but that's what makes it so incredibly well written. I have come to love these twisted fairytale stories and they are well worth the read. I know this is a set that I will gladly return to and read again in the future.		{reason for reading} - I was given a copy of this book by the author in return for an honest review.
0,Wonderful well written story! I had to force myself to put it down to get things done! I loved it!
0,Always a great story. Love this series!
0,Laken Cane out did it with Strange Trouble. Talk about your blood pumping from the get go. This novel in the Rune Alexander series is beyond words. You start off with zombies....lots and lots of zombie, blown out action, and it just keeps going from there. Of course Ms. Cane does break my heart with Z. He was one of my favorites. The twins and Lex have become such a big part of the cast that anything bad happening to them makes me want to scream at Ms. Cane for their torment. Poor Rune...so lost, broken, but I know eventually something will give. Rune has such a hard time.... sigh...
0,Hurricane Sandy was just starting to hit us with her outskirt mayhem and we decided to shut down our computers, TV's, and any unnecessary electronics before we lost power. I decided I was going to curl up in bed and start a book. This was around 8 pm EST. Let me tell you that I got so wrapped up in this book that I did not shut my Fire off until 12:30 am after finishing it.		I did find a FEW, VERY few spots of missing words, or to me what felt like she meant for a word to be there. You know how we all get typing so fast our fingers skip a word our brain is picturing. But those did NOT detract from the story at all!		The book waitress earned a nice tip in my mind, she left me eagerly wanting a taste of the Devil Du Jour!!!		Nicely done!!
0,This books is an good guide. In this book, I discovered why the ketogenic diet is so different from others and how it can benefit your life and your health. The book contains arguments about the reason you should follow this kind of diet, effects, principles, tools for the diets and more. It also contains good recipes.
0,Good third book to the series.  I thought it was good but maybe did not live up to the first two.  I thought the ending was kind of quick and I did miss a little of the humor from the previous two books.  Over all thought I thought it was a good book and love Jack and Grace.
0,The prologue of this story had me hooked...my initial thought though was "Can't this girl catch a break?!" I would later find out that this story featured more than one female character.		The prologue was very poignant; very meaty; very serious...		I liked the elements of fate and divine intervention. That Lara is working to bring together the two loves of her life; working from her post in heaven.		I also liked the reminder of the concept of how small the world can be at times.		This book could have been a lot heavier on one's emotions and psyche...but I think that Trudy gave a nice balance to the heavy and the light hearted. An enjoyable story overall.
0,Rafe and Alex are back with a story that will tug your heart to tears. There is so much emotion in this novella. There a books we read and then there are books we feel. I felt this story deep in my bones. I cried from page one. Sometimes it was tears of sadness. Sometimes of happiness. Felice captured the pure essence of love. As a mother this one hit home for me. I was tangled in this tale of life, love, and healing. This is one book I will never forget.
0,Oh man this book is awesome . I couldn't stop reading it , didn't want to lay it down . A must read for sure .
0,Renegade Code is just what the Financial Doctor ordered. I've never understood much financial jargon and this has been part of my problem finding the best ways to improve my financial situation or which financial vehicle would best work for me.		Peggy has made vital concepts, what most Financial Gurus assume their readers already know, easy to understand for a non-finance maven, like myself. The great examples used throughout her book gave me an opportunity to visualize commonly used concepts like Net Worth and Assets. These explanations gave clear real-world connections to these terms so that I could better connect with them and learn if and how they effect me.		Need help to plan your financial future? Renegade Code helps with these preparations also. From finding a trusted financial adviser to understanding what your financial goals are, Peggy has helped to guide readers in the best direction possible to help anyone who is seriously considering the best approach to plan for a strong financial future.
0,This book is well written and flows well. The characters are complex, the dialogue believable and the situations they find themselves in are relatable for young and adult readers alike.		The author does a great job of setting the scenes and the book is very visual. He also does a good job of moving the story along (it covers a lot of characters through quite a bit of time) without overdoing it or losing the reader. Though set in the '50s, there were some great lessons in the various characters' stories that apply today, but they weren't preachy and came across as a natural conclusion to what was going on.		This was a thoroughly enjoyable book that was written extremely well. I will be checking out this author's other books. If this one is any indication, the others will be well worth reading!
0,This was a really good read.  The emotions from the lead characters were believable.  Both men were hott; however only one has won my heart.  Hopefully in the next book Jade will become well rounded and she will see that you can't rule your relationships based off of strong lust.  Team John!
0,Loved this book
0,*I received this book free from the author in exchange for an honest review*		As best friends Kinkaid and Sadie have the perfect relationship, but he has kept a secret from her. He's a stripper at GQ. He started doing it to earn money to pay his grandfather's medical bills, but it turned out he was really good at it and he wasn't ashamed of what he did...until she found out. And boy did she find out!		Everything changed after that night. Emotions never experienced before by him came raging to life and emotions forever experienced by her went overboard out of control. But best friends cannot stay mad at each other forever and this time when they make up they sure don't hold anything back.		"You've always been everything to me. How can you not see that? And now everything is...endless with you."		Sadie has always wanted Kinkaid to look at her like he does every other hot babe, but she's always been more of the tomboy best friend who was looked at more like a kid sister than anything else. She'd never tell him though, she'd just be his friend and hope that one day he'd get his head out of his a** and see her as the woman she was.		Kinkaid had never even looked at Sadie as a woman, then one moment all that changed and he could see her as nothing else but the luscious incredible woman she was. How he had gone so long without noticing was beyond him, but once he did he just couldn't let go. He had to have her in every way, and he planned on keeping her that way as long as he could stop screwing it up with his mouth. Though his description of himself during the New Year's countdown was pretty accurate and entertaining.		"This was insane. My usual protective impulse toward her had combined with some serious boyfriend urges and...what? Mating wolves' possessive tendencies?"		Kinkaid is another great read from Rie Warren. You get a little MC, a little Magic Mike, and some neighbor waking hot sex. The ending kind of just stops and left me staring at my kindle waiting for more words to appear...it didn't happen! And the introduction to Bo and his new therapist toward the end...WOW! I cannot wait to read that.		My Favorite Ravishing Moment: When Sadie paints Kinkaid. That is one intense and hot painting session. I really really want to see that picture...LOL!		My Favorite Laughable Moment: The MC sure knows how to support one of their own. I couldn't believe they showed up - and stayed!		"I think we should start calling Probie 2.0 here Donkey Dong."
0,I just love this author.  She always does such an amazing job at throwing two characters together under crazy circumstances, and let the reader see their love and friendship grow so much that you can't help but root for them and wish for happily ever after.  Of course, there is also angst and disappointment, but that just makes the endings even better when the characters finally admit to their true feelings.  This story does not disappoint.  The characters are well developed and their love story is very sweet.  If you've read Noelle's other novels then you'll like this one.  And warning, although the male lead is a Pastor, this is not a Christian Romance.  There is definitely some heat.
0,I would have given these 2 books Extent nd Instinct a 5 if I can get Mr. Hamlin to continue the series, I need more! Read them nerve racking but very good!
0,Hot Bodies is so different than anything I have ever read. How does Aiden come up with his stories. Gary a former Navy Seal is the owner of a Gym called Hot Bodies. His employees includes Enrique who's also his boyfriend, Cara and Tim. Tim good looking guy but still very self conscious of various parts of his anatomy. Cara introduce Tim to Nathan. Nathan isn't as physically fit as Tim and Tim instantly determines he doesn't fine Nathan attractive. Dr. Dale Dexter is introduced as this smart but crazed lonely man. Dexter has been working on his lifes work ever since he was fired from the Government. This story takes you on a crazy, fun, enjoyable ride. There's mind control, unexpected love and friendships, and male pregnancy. If you're looking for a M/M love story that is different than your average story read this. I was finished reading this story in less than 4 hours while making dinner. I couldn't stop until I was finished. Kudos to Aiden and his brilliant story plot that is executed so well with a HEA.		"I received a free advance reader copy of this book in exchange for an honest & unbiased review
0,This book is hilarious. I loved it. Not everyone can pull of a humorous book but Lauren did it with a bang. Honestly, she's one of the few people I look forward to when a new book comes out. She's one of the romantic comedy queen.
0,Never Deal With Dragons is good advice, but dealing with them is Myrna's job.  She's a Dragonspeaker, working as a mediator between dragons, accidentally created by a lab accident, and humans.  When the man who betrayed her, and nearly got her fired, a year ago shows up, she knows she shouldn't deal with him, either, but she quickly finds she has no choice.		Christensen puts a new twist on dragons, giving them a quasi-scientific origin and control of the planet, and she does it with humor, from a pregnant dragon suffering (in Myrna's office) from morning sickness to a fashionista roommate lusting after Myrna's shoes.  The book is thoroughly enjoyable (and the cover ain't bad, either).
0,Good series
0,I loved Virginia and Carvers story! I loved that we get to really know who Carver is after all his flirtatious behavior in Maddox and Katrina s story.  We also get to know Virginia better. The overprotected she wolf who just wants to show everyone who she is and what she's capable of! Two strong wolves who can stand alone but are so much more when they unite!
0,Great entertainment.  Good reads.
0,Awesome Item
0,I have been waiting to see what was going to happen with Nick and Lila for a while. I admit..Nick was not a favorite of mine. I was put off by the way he seemed to taunt everyone and I didn't get the whole before concert "routine". Now that I've read his story, I was wrong. He really was a caring person all along. He was simply protecting himself and trying to overcome his stage fright (but couldn't he think of something else...LOL). I was very curious to find out what the situation was with Lila and her estranged husband. Lila had more issues than I realized. Glad things ended up the way they did :)  I really enjoyed this story so much! Looking forward to the next one!!
0,I enjoyed reading Part 1 of the Aching for Home series.  It has a cliffhanger ending, but Book 2 is out, and I will purchase Book 2 tonight.  It is a sweet military romance novel.  I love a man in uniform.  I can't wait to see how this will end for Ronnie and Joe.
0,Marriage is supposed to tie a man and a woman together for life and strengthen their relationship. This book will encourage you to keep your romantic relationship for life. I like it and especially the "Kissing is healthy" chapter:) Moreover, the personal life of the author is a life example of what she teaches. A good hit!
0,I absolutely believe that K.C. Wells can't write a bad book. Teach Me is a beautiful, grab-you-by-the-heart tale that packs all the impact of a much longer story into a smaller package. If you're looking for a fantastic read to spend an afternoon with, this is the one for you.
0,I love this series.  I hope he next book is about Stew and Sarah. My fav couple is still Kai And Minah. I hope she does another book on their wedding and maybe them having kids.
0,Great book.  Really enjoyed it.
0,What do you do when the one you love doesnt see it?..you think about leaving.  That is what Charlie (short for Charlotte) has come to the decision after two years of working with and loving Zack from afar, that it is time for a change. Zack doesnt want Charlie to leave, so he sets out to find her a man to keep her on the Dude Ranch.  He doesnt know that he is the cowboy that has stolen Charlies heart.	I found Charlie to be a young woman that is just beginning to find herself.  She has wanted to fit in with the guys on the Dude ranch so she has hidden the truly girly Charlotte.  When she finally decides to let the woman inside emerge you can tell that change is coming.	I found Kiss Me, Cowboy to be touching and a true romance.  I enjoy reading Melissa McClone style of writing.		I was given an ARC to read for an honest review.
0,I don't normally read MC books, but I gave this one a try and I really enjoyed it.  It sucked me in, and I could not put it down until I was finished.  The connection and love Bart and Bliss have for one another, even after everything they are put through, is just wonderful.  Everyone needs a Bart in their life!  There were definitely some twists in the book that I did not see coming. The ending had me on the edge of my seat, thinking... that did not just happen!  If you love MC books, or you are curious as to what they are all about, give this one a try.  I did and I was not disappointed!
0,No hay palabras para describir la pasin, el amor y la entrega q la autora plasm en esta historia, que da paso a la siguiente...
0,liked this series of shifter books they are nice little reads
0,This was a sweet and light read with a cute, "going on five dates", concept that I thought was different and quite interesting. I liked both Devin and Jake and how they grew to truly care about each other, however I just wish that the story was a bit longer. I wanted Lucy to see them together before the book ended, otherwise it was a funny and adorable read. :)
0,Hot juicy and steamy - read the 3 book series.  I really loved all the characters!
0,First--definitely an entertaining and fast moving book.  It kept me on the edge of my chair and was a quick read.  It was a nice accompaniment to the movie and was great to have some of the details that the movie left out.  However, it's still hard not to be skeptical of this guy.  Once you're a con-man, it's gotta be hard to leave that behind.  So, while I generally buy the story, in the back of my mind I wonder how much of it is embellished....  Regardless, this was a fun read and I enjoyed it.
0,This is an exciting intense action packed story.  Why is it always some who want what doesn't belong to them.  Maxine has been fighting her destiny for a long time.  Now she has to step into it to save lives including her own.  She has to learn to deal with Fae, Unseelie and Royal, along with a hot Lord that she's had a crush on since she was in her teens.  Enjoy this hot interesting read.
0,I love Chanda Hahns twist on all of our favorite fairytales, once I start reading I'm done, this short is fun, cute, entertaining, and insightful,but gives us something on Jareds life or perspective. I want more.
0,I was aware that companion planting works against garden pests so, gave this book a try. I like to avoid chemicals when I can and this gave me some great ideas for planting certain flowers and herbs and which pests they deter for my garden this year.
0,I love this kind sci-fi series it may not have the sea and wind. But, the stars and space are just as good! A fan.
0,It was a great wrap up of Taking Chances. It was fun to see how Abigail will clean up the mess that has become her life. Which brother does she chose? Does she chose strong and steady or dark and dangerous? Got read it to find out. Worth the read.
0,Another fantastic storyline with characters filled exceptional backgrounds.  How you weave together the events and happenings is just a captivating and magical journey. Totally enjoyed your storytelling.
0,This was such a delightful read.  I fell in love with Heather and Gage.  It was nice to also read a little of the characters in the first book and Know how they were doing.  While it is the second book in this series it is able to stand alone.  However if you are planning to read all the books in the series I recommend you read them in order.  One of the things I love most is the inspirational thread the characters learning to trust the Lord in their lives.  I have already bought the third book in this series and can't wait to read it.  this is a quick read as well as one you will find difficult to put down.
0,This was one of the best stories I have read.  Was a little disappointed with the end but of course everything can't be a happy ending.  This was so mind boggling and intriguing that it was hard to stop reading.  I will be looking for more writing by this author.
0,I really liked this book, and it has very good character development.  It has multiple story lines going at once that merge together as one. It kept me reading, but not so much that I couldn't put it down til 2 AM.  The story in this book sets up the characters & story for the next book, coming out this month (April 2014) and I am looking forward to continuing the story.  The romance is very mild, and moves very slowly, but is very appropriate for a Christian romance novel, and I like that courting, marriage & long time commitment is considered before a first kiss.
0,Ok I totally loved this book, Kane is so sexy and Charlotte is beyond the funniest curvy girl but Kane's patents stole the show. They were the best!  I was cracking up it was a nice breather between the action and the wowzer sexy scenes between Kane and Charlotte. The hunters are out to take out their newly make shift pack of bitten and turned werewolves who are just starting to buil relationships and trust!	I hope that the next book brings Leo's story I've got a soft spot for him the lonely brother of the alpha.	Great book and story!
0,Just finished re-reading all three books of the series. Since Amazon did away with the Discussions areas on the authors pages, we have no way of asking about Book 4. It has been almost 2 years since the last book was released, so I hope #4 will be coming out shortly.
0,Great box set! If you like hot fighters and some mystery this a definite must read.
0,This was a great book, with a great story line. I was very disappointed when I got to the end and it said book three would be released August 2015 and there was no book 3 and it's October 2015. Waiting patiently...
0,Jasmine is falling deeper and deeper down the rabbit hole when it comes to her feelings for Ethan. There were a few key parts that stand out:	1. Jasmine goes out drinking with Nadia and gets plastered - not the best decision	2. Jasmine goes to the hill and realizes how she is falling for Ethan - fast and hard	3. Ethan and Jasmine have their first fight - and it's a doozie	4. Uninvited person storms into Ethan's office and causes trouble	5. CLIFFHANGER!		Looking forward to seeing what happens next in The Billion Dollar Contract: Cosigners.		**This book is being read as part of the The Billion Dollar Contract: The Executive Collection which I have received as an ARC from the author in exchange for my honest review**
0,wow!! I love this one. All this unexpected action and plot. Never would have imagine the ending :)	Love how Ice and Grace fell in love. Made me cry several time	would recommend to all MC lovers
0,I could barely put it down this was amazing.	 Captivated by the first chapter. I loved every minute sad it had to end.
0,I have just finished reading HIGHLAND DAYDREAMS, written by April Holthaus, her third book in The MacKinnon Clan Series. Another great adventure between a alpha hero and a strong minded heroine! She done it again! When it comes to exciting escapades, we can always count on April Holthaus, she didn't disappoint me! Fast paced! Bram and Lara's story was a fun loving romance that made me read none stop! I could not put it down! Suspenseful tale of secrets, betrayal, treachery and passion till the very last page!	The story starts as Lara Ferguson, is held prisoner at the Earl of Cumberland's dungeon, along with another man, a highlander warrior, both falsely imprisoned. Lara had been forced, by her father, to marry an evil man and had been betrayed by her own family. Bram MacKinnon, held prisoner, was saved by Lara and in return, promised that he would protect her with his life. Being chased and on the run, both will share secrets and find trust and a tender passion together. Just follow their journey as you will discover secrets that may destroy the king! Will they share a passion that will be strong enough to overcome the danger they will have to face? The end will surprise you! I highly recommend HIGHLAND DAYDREAMS!
0,an engaging story with a lot of goofy characters in the unlikely situation of train maintenance men turned detective.  the plot is well developed and the outcome is well concealed until almost the end. not exactly your usual mystery, but it kept my attention throughout.  good read
0,I didn't think I could ever like Camden, but he totally redeemed himself!  As I started his story, my heart hurt for him.  In Paxton's Promise I began to feel like he was on the way, but his story definitely showed it.  Brooklyn is just the right girl for him!  This series is great and I can't wait for the last book in this series!
0,This is a wonderful story with some subterfuge thrown in for good measure. A newspaper columnist and a dragon shifter. What can be more fun?
0,Sigh I just love Violet's books!! the story line and characters are great and well developed. High five Violet for the awesome book!!
0,Loved it, wonderful as usual
0,I can say I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. I got so mad because they kept letting Kadir get the best of them. I'm ready for them to vanquish him already.
0,I enjoyed this story, I understand the concerns of the heroine especially when you are young other people`s opinions matter a great deal.  When you are older you realize life is short and you have to live the life you are happy with.
0,Just finished Avas story!  Well written- great characters. Along with little touches of earlier characters keeping the Kona family evident.  Cant wait for the next installment!!
0,At first, I wasn't sure I would like to read about the "gang" from a differing point of view than Reagan's but I LOVED this one!  Looking from Walker's viewpoint gave a whole new perspecitive on Reagan, Aunt Kiki, Joey and all the rest.  If you are a Duffy fan, don't miss this one...if you haven't read any of her books.....TRY THEM.....you'll fall in love with all the eccentric characters, romance and great mystery stories!
0,Absolutely love this book. The author is amazing. The characters have interesting personalities. Settings and areas traveled are well described.
0,This was a great read! I loved the relationship, the action and everything else. I cannot wait for the next book!!!
0,It is a good light read. Entertaining enough to de-stress after a long day. I've always enjoyed Elizabeth Lennox books in general.
0,What a wonderful book about how two Amish women have so much love in their heats to help other Amish people who are less fortunate, who need help to get out of abusive situations. And one of the women finds love for the 2nd time. Easy read, one you do not want to put down.  Vanetta' s Novellas are so easy yo bread, you feel as if you could place yourself right in the middle her book.
0,Enjoyable quick read. I loved the main guy in the book and how he interacted with the female character. Good story.
0,Such a twisted story...It was impossible to put down. I was literally on the edge of my seat throughout this book. Highly recommend this one.
0,Actually, I enjoyed the entire book; but, the little extra at the end just gives the story more depth. Good job.
0,I don't read many friends to lovers books but this one was AMAZING!!! I loved it so much that when it ended I wanted more. I really hope Ella Price makes this a possible series or even a sequel.	Tristan and Ally were best friends but one accident changed everything for both of them. Could they keep their perfect friendship and be lovers at the same time or will everything be lost forever.	I fell in love with Tristan and his personality and demeanor.	Ally was a strong independent woman and I could relate to her fears.	Parker left a bad impression on me but when the book was over, I loved him.	And how could you not love Ginny she loved to shop and have fun.	I highly recommend this book!!!	My favorite quote,  Relationships are like diamonds; when they are found, they aren't perfect; you have to work to turn them into something beautiful.
0,This is a story of a Jewish family's experiences in Russia during the programs. It follows them to America and ends when America becomes involved in the first world war. The characters are well delineated and engaging. The book captures the reader's interest from the first page to the last. This story captures familial love and loss. I highly recommend this well written novel.
0,Christmas Flame does include some of the characters from other novels in the flame series but I did find bits and pieces that I wasn't too thrilled with. When Verna changes to her wolf form and even in her human form I just didn't like some of the changes that happened like when she ends up in bed with Drake. I like that Drake is very sympathetic towards Verna, he really likes her but is also willing to sacrifice all of his plans several times through out the night just because Verna wouldn't be happy if her friend weren't having a good time as well. In the end the two of them do get their evening alone and have a few unexpected visitors along the way. Verna and Drake both learn of Verna's arch nemesis and an abduction that he had a part in and their evening alone yet again gets delayed. The two of them are off to save the day again and we learn what I think is some pretty interesting information about some characters that I'm sure there will be more to learn about in the future. Turns out all the bad guys might not be so bad as we think. Even though there were things I didn't like about this book for the most part I enjoyed reading it as much as I have every other book I've read by Caris Roane. Copy gifted in exchange for an honest review
0,Having read the prior books in the series and the novella, I have been looking forward to the next step in the journey.  I especially enjoyed the supernatural elements interwoven between the characters.  Looking forward to Lords of Atonement.  Highly recommend!
0,Heart warming stories in hard times. It is truly amazing the hardships people had to go thru to survive. And many times their survival depended on strangers.
0,This is an interesting book about murder and deception. The characters are interesting and well developed. The ending is exciting and full of suspense.
0,This is fun, sometimes witty, light reading. I found it perfect for reading before bed. Very calming.		Ms. Gray has a positive mindset, looks to find the lesson if she's had difficult experiences and is grateful for all she's been blessed with. She doesn't waste time swelling overmuch on the past or negative people and scenarios. She shares the lessons she's learned and the wisdom gained. She doesn't share anything extraordinary. At my age, I've heard it all before, but it was pleasant to read. Sometimes it felt like a very, long article in a women's magazine, including recipes and fashion suggestions. Like I said, it's light reading and she succeeds in creating that kind of pleasant experience for the reader.		I was so happy to learn that she and Larry Hagman and Patrick Duffy were great friends for decades. So many shows, you find out the stars hated each other, so I like it when it turns out they enjoyed each other's company so much they hung out off set.		This is a good choice if you are looking for a positive, life affirming book from a female celebrity.
0,Sweet, tearful and enjoyable.  Sad and happy.  Good pace and characters.  The author did good job. I would read more from her.
0,What would you do for your family? What would you do to protect the woman you love even from herself?  Well??? This book is filled with such questions Jessie and Kate steam up the pages of this book. Fighting the attraction at first then burning with passion when they finally give in. But that isn't all you get in this exciting romance, no you get suspense murder and so many twists I think your head will spin. So get comfortable because Jessie and his H.I.S team of ubber sexy Alpha are going to take you for a sexy ride... For your protection of course!
0,This is book 3 in the GnB series (if you discount the Xmas Paris novella) that does have to be read in order. These guys' tales are my guilty pleasure - my brain tells me that I shouldn't be enjoying their brand of dark romance - but the Merikans manage to make me crave more and more of these guys. They've managed to make Dom so addictive yet so un-PC, and so sweet and romantic, that I wondered at times if he was suffering from PTSD, or if they'd read my minds and was giving me the man that sweet Seth deserved. Either way, they delivered.		This tale picks up not long after book 2, with Seth mentally and physically recovering from the torture inflicted on him, in a dilapidated shack in the bayou, with Dom and his protege/would be assassin extraordinaire, and then a few pages in, with a teenage hustler/h00ker who's hiding from a gang of bikers. They're all trying to stay under the radar of both the bikers and guys from Seth and Dom's past and to get to safety. The tale is one that mainly, for me, seemed to focus on the leads' feelings and the realisation of what they mean to each other, which was very welcome, as throughout most of the books so far, I've felt privy to Seth's all-over-the-place emotions yet Dom's coldness and unrelenting focus for their survival first and foremost, but in this, their relationship grew and became more equal. More open. More loving. More honest.		I loved the tender, romantic and caring Dom who couldn't understand why Seth would be pulling away from him, and I loved the scene where he went ballistic when he thought that Seth might be...Of course, that gave rise to them both opening up to each other, which turned into some of the most romantic, sexy, frank and emotional scenes between them, and at the same time, made their relationship more meaningful. Dom's always been the hardar$e one to protect them both and has worried that Seth might be a liability with his tender feelings and good-boy morals, but in this, he came to realise that Seth was very much ready to step up to the plate, whatever was thrown at them. I loved their lovemaking scenes were healing and exposed their true feelings, especially with what the authors tell us about the consequences of what Seth's been going through; to me, that Dom was so worshipping, was proof of his love for Seth.		I loved their little trips down memory lane, to when they first got together, how they'd felt then and now, what they'd learned about each other, and frankly, I was stunned that Dom wasn't hunting down a preacher to marry them under the barrel of a gun...though perhaps the way the Merikans are writing him, that might happen in book 4. As usual, they teased, because they're making readers wait several months before book 4 comes out in 2016 - yes, next year - though they do try to pacify with the promise of another book (in their Sex and Mayhem series) in 2015.		Once again, despite their dire living conditions, we were regaled with descriptions of the amazing food that Seth prepared (I think it's perhaps an insider joke), and with how good a little wife he wants to be to Dom, about which he was entirely unrepentant, and which only made me like him more. I think that what I'm saying is that this wasn't Guns n Boys for me, but Guns and Roses (no, not the Axl Rose stuff, but the stuff of romance).		Despite all the tender feelings, there was an actual plot to the tale, one that had me wincing in horror and yes, in shock, but one that worked out and showed Seth at his very strongest, and made him a hero in Dom's eyes, as well as in several other people's eyes. The tale ends very satisfactorily, given what I've come to expect of this series, but all it does is make me crave more of what the Merikans are so brilliant at. I'm a romance reader at heart and this book hit every one of my buttons.		Disclaimer: I'm honoured to be a beta reader for the authors. No fee was offered or requested for this review, the words of which are entirely my own.
0,What can I say besides I can not wait for part 3. Marcus hasn't even seen the half of the treachery. Thinking that he was in shock when finding out who was behind his father's murder is nothing compared to the rampage I see coming once he finds out who kidnapped ole boy!!! #teammarcusallday
0,I liked this book even more than the first one in this series.  Cam is a strong hero and Miriam an even stronger heroine.  Great love story.  Would like to see what happens to the doctor.  Don't like not knowing she will be safe forever.
0,A thrilling read, Cloaked in Danger was a wonderful historical romance. It was full of romance, secrets, and I really enjoyed reading it.		Aria was a good heroine. She was very strong and determined and fiercely loyal to her loved ones. However, she was also a tad bit too impulsive. But, overall, I liked her.		Adam was also great. At times, he was a bit too stubborn and overprotective. But, I also liked that he was so protective of his loved ones. He was sweet and I really liked him.		The romance was good. I wasn't totally feeling it, partly because both Aria and Adam were so focused on their agendas and they spent a large part of the book apart. But, I thought they were sweet together and there was definitely chemistry between them.		The plot was fast paced and I was hooked the entire way through. There were tons of thrills and secrets along the way that kept me on the edge of my seat. I suspected who the villain turned out to be, but I certainly didn't guess the extent to which this person went and how insane this person was. I really enjoyed the story and the ending was a perfect wrap-up for the story.		Cloaked in Danger was a wonderful historical romance. It wasn't perfect, but it was still a lovely read. The romance was sweet, the thrills kept me on the edge of my seat, and the story was enjoyable. Romance lovers, this is a book worth checking out.		*I received a free copy from the publisher in exchange for an honest review
0,Wow, who knew? I can make cookies. I'm somewhat cookie challenged in the kitchen, and am still learning about my convention oven too. Unsalted butter was recommended to me in sticks. Little measurement is needed. Also, I hate chocolate as it gives me more gas than a BP oil spill ! So! I'd just stick to the more flavorful vanilla type recipes with coconut, cherries and jellies. Get creative and use the floivors that you like most of all, Right?  Murf
0,You've done it again. That's all I can say. Awaiting more.
0,In Water, we learn more about the Sephan and Brizan realms. Weve got a pretty clear picture of all the realms now (Sephan, Brizan, Helian, and Arcan). Im so glad we were treated to more of Jamess world building. I love that every realm so distinctly represents its people. Her descriptions make these places so real to me that I wish I could visit them and meet these people. Love it.		In Fire's review, I commented that I was excited to learn about Jasmine's abilities. Im so glad I didn't have to wait long. Water provides a clearer picture of Jasmine, her abilities, and how she came to be. While I still like Roxy, Water made it so easy to fall in love with Jasmine.		While I didn't feel like there was a lot going on in Water, it was still a very strong book. We learned more about Jasmine, the Sephan realm, and the Brizan realm. The book ends in a cliffhanger that feels like its going to bring about a lot of action in the storyline.		I look forward to continuing the series and being treated to more of Heather Jamess wonderful writing.		* A copy of this book was received from the author in exchange for an honest review. *
0,Incredibly hot, entirely entertaining and definitely worth the read. A fun storyline and entertaining dialogue round out the perks of this book. If you like trios and BDSM, you should check out this book.
0,Syrinx pulled a fast one on Pan to escape his raging lust. The God of Chastity wasn't about to break her vows and succumb to his temptations. Transported to the twenty-first century, she runs a florist shopfulfilling her fake, mortal life. Until the breathtaking Parker Thomas hires her to decorate his grand estate for a gala. Five hundred roses? Easy enough. Except Parker makes her feel things she can't ignore...		As the God of Fertility, Pan is used to maidens flocking in droves to his pastures. So when Syrinx denies him, he's determined to win the one that got away. He poses as a mortal to get close to her, but he doesn't count on falling hard for his conquesthard enough to make a life and stay.		But Syrinx is falling in love with a man that doesn't exist. Can Pan hide his identity forever, or will the truth tear them apart?		Review:		I love stories that mix mythology with romance, including this one.		This is the story of Pan, the God of Fertility and Syrinx, the Goddess of Chastity.  They have both been long ruled by what they perceive/expect themselves to be instead of living how they really want to be or live.		Pan has chased Syrinx forever and to escape him Syrinx gets Coral's help and comes to the present.  Sylvia (Syrinx) has lived in the present for 5 years and has become a strong, smart business woman who runs her own florist shop.  In comes Parker (Pan) who finally learns where Syrinx has gone to.  Parker spends a year in the present and comes to depend/befriend his butler, Rutherford for help.  Parker hires Sylvia to decorate his house for a big party and in the mean time tries to insinuate himself in her life.  What starts out as a mere conquest quickly turns into much more.		I really enjoyed this story, it had much depth and the characters really grew.  Seeing them fall in love and the obstacles they had to overcome was a pleasure to read.  I thought Coral was a great baddie, who truly gave me the picture of the girl from the Ring...lol  but even she had depth and that what made it so believable.  The scenes with Parker and Rutherford were great emotionally and wish there were more between them.  Though I do want to know, why Rutherford's son Daniel looks so much like Parker/Pan.  I loved the ending and thought the resolution was perfect for the story.		4 stars
0,This is a third story in the Stronghold series.  Its a standalone.  Of course, you don't have to read the other books but you will want to because the characters and their dynamics will entice you to read more about them!  These stories are more than just erotic.  The scenes are crafted in a way that draws you in.  You feel like you are standing on the sidelines in the club or watching the scenes unfold at a movie.  The dynamics between Patrick and Lexie is a rollercoaster of emotions.  These two are perfect for each other but one of them is fighting it and the other is learning exactly what it means to be in the lifestyle.  Patrick is an Alpha, Alpha Dom.  Meaning he is uber controlled.  Lexie is definitely a sassy submissive that wiggles under the tight rein that controls Patrick.  Theres a lot of story here and it has a lot of feels.  Just when you think everything is going to move forward they take a few steps back. Of course, the BDSM scenes are scorching hot!  I love that there is an HEA for these two!
0,I'm a goner, I've already bought books 3, can't wait to rip into it! Ms. Sloan is now one of my favorite writers!!
0,I really, really liked this one !!  This GFY romance has everything.  Big, bearded, Cop Ryan was betrayed by his girlfriend and has yet to do more than a one night stand.  Slim, smaller, beautiful Dr. Morgan Pruitt has bad luck with men and fears he'll never find anyone special.  It's a Halloween party at the Firefighters and the two men meet.  Brave Ryan the Viking saves the lovely Marilyn Monroe, Morgan, from three abusers.  It's the kiss, etc. ...wow, and neither man can forget the other.  We have suspense from the case Ryan is working, lots of friends to deal with, and Ryan seeks advice from gay friends.  Morgan is not a cross-dresser, but loves to dress up for a costume party.  He's a surgeon, and Ryan seeks him out for a night long introduction to first time gay sex, which is amazing, erotic, beautiful, and is never going to be enough !	The guys spend time together in and out of bed, while Ryan makes his discoveries.  The plot thickens with the serial killer case, and Morgan gets in the crosshairs.  While Morgan recoups, Ryan is realizing his feelings go  deep.	Wonderful characters, interesting plot flow, and terrific hot sexiness are all here for us to enjoy, and we do.	Loved it !  Highly recommend !  ENJOY !!	===================================
0,You are my next best author.  Your series are Hot and Juicy.  Azmir is everything is this story.  Rayna character was enticing.  On to your next series,  thanks for the great read....
0,I was very intrigued to read this book because I do have a depressed person in my circle and a lot of times I felt very helpless. This book is a great guide and convinces in its simplicity. You do not have to be a psychiatrist to understand this book. It explains very easy symptoms of a depressed person and how to help them.
0,A roller coaster ride of emotions is the thing you will remember most about this story. The characters are so well written that you are wrapped inside the Authors thoughts as if you were who she were writing about. Action, suspense, romance and the sex this book has it all.	Tia Louise is always creating amazing stories to enjoy and characters to fall in love with.
0,I really enjoyed this book but however it was a little rushed. I love Jasmine and Mason chemistry but like I said it seemed rushed which caused the relationship to go fast forward. A few editing errors but did not take from book. A good short read. I just wanted a little more. Like why was the gangs targeting the little town.	The second story was nice.
0,Good story. Well written. It was a bit short and seemed to jump ahead. It could have easily had another chapter or two.
0,I enjoyed reading the Doctor's Honeymoon Baby. Enjoyed the twist and turns the story took. I was able to figure out most but still had a few that managed to keep me guessing. Recommend reading the complete series.
0,Just the first installment, this shortish story of a human straight man falling into bed with a steady but quiet Alpha reads well, with a decent little story and interesting enough characters before the steam.  The "surprise" at the end is a nice way to close the first chapter and enough of a tease for those (like me) who enjoyed it to continue on to the second.		Despite the explicit name, there is an enjoyable story along with the heat.
0,I really enjoy this story can't wait til the next one comes out. Sweet Kyle deserves love and I hope he gets it with Tracy and Eric.
0,Just like volume two, we get a sample platter of some talented name out in the horror genre. Each author has their own unique writing style and it kept me highly entertained with the scary moments, suspense and charm.		The Collected Short Stories of Freddie Prothero - Peter Straub	It's a sad and dark collection of a child's stories in the rough handwriting of a little kid.		Group of Thirty - Jack Ketchum	A jaded, successful author is looking for a reason to continue when a group of thirty invites him out. I enjoyed this one. The main character was personable in a short period of time and some of the subjects were harsh without being gratuitous.		Nancy - Darynda Jones	There was humor, great descriptions and a ghost story that had me so captured that I lost track of time. I could have taken this as a novel with the characters, twists and mystery.		I Love You, Charlie Pearson - Jacquelyn Frank	Getting to look through the eyes of a very meticulous individual with a great, and almost disturbing twist! I liked how this turned out and kind of wish I knew more about a certain character.		The Lone One and Level Sands Stretch Far Away - Brian Hodge	A introspective story wit a lot of mystery surrounding the ultimate end. I liked the characters transition and it was the perfect length, for me. I found the chracters distracting and almost forgot that there was "something follow". Great story.		Every story has something to offer for horror fans. They're creepy, thought-provoking, scary and quick reads for those in a rush. It's so hard to rate a collection of short stories by multiple authors because each story speaks differently. I've decided on 5x5 because I think each story is unique that it would please everyone		My favorite story was "Nancy" by Darynda Jones, but it was in close runnings with all of them. There was a great dark humor set in a familiar backdrop with horror looming on the edges until the head-on conclusion.
0,I received an advanced reader copy of this book. I liked the storyline. A second-chance romance with some bad history. Nora and Smith were hot together, physically and emotionally. I hated what happened to them 8 years ago. I rooted for them the whole book. Very good writing that flowed easily and kept my interest the whole time.
0,I received a copy of this book via Netgalley in exchange for an honest review		An explosive story of a man who didn't want a relationship... until her. She is madly in love with him... but she is still married to the psychopath she escaped from. Liam feels his lawyer will have no trouble getting Ella divorced from Blaine... until he meets him. Blaine rips Ella from Liam's home, claiming she had been missing and was mentally unstable. Liam vows to get her back no matter what it takes.
0,I received this free from the author in exchange for a honest review.	What a beautiful romantic story.  I absolutely loved the ending.  A fantastic read!!!
0,I received an ARC of this series for an honest review.		This series is AWESOME!  I'm not big into shifters, but I have read a few. So when I was asked to read this series, I didn't jump up and down for joy, but I'm pretty much open to anything, so I gave it a try. LOVED it!	The action is quick and fast and non-stop. Yet there is also depth and complexity to the characters, they are so believable. I could very well believe these packs really live and roam around in the midwest. Everything was covered in detail - the specifics of how they shifted, what they did about clothes when they went from one form to another, (and how great they looked without them!), what they ate and how it varied from what the few humans were eating, and how they got around, depending on which form they were in. Even the specifics of the color of fur and eyes for each individual wolf - they were just as individual as wolves as they were as humans. The sex scenes were equally detailed and amazingly hot. And the story line had alot of twists and suspense, happy times, fun times, angry times, jealous times, and just about any emotion you would want.	I am very much looking forward to reading more by Kimber White. She has earned my attention and I'm hungry like a wolf for more from her!
0,Kept you wonder what was going to happy next
0,I loved the ending to a beautifully written book by this author. I read all of the series . I couldn't as for anything more. Mac and Kenneth's story was amazing. There are other stories here as well keep it coming.
0,Never heard of this author before. I figured for the price I couldn't be to disappointed. Good story, or actually what amounted to a good chapter of what has the potential to be an excellent story. I have the impression that the author wanted to test the waters before commiting to the story. The characters aren't wimpy and seem to come across as REAL men, not cartoonish at all.	Wade is hot and Calan wasn't weak at all. The author created a reality amoungst the wolves that was a little different than other authors which as long as it remains consistant works. I intend to contact the author with further words of encouragement and to see if I can read the entire story. Nothing wrong with some positive reenforcement. The only reason I didn't give this 5 out of 5 stars was the obligitory typos and grammar issues found so prominantly in eBooks!	To Taylor, keep up the good work!!!
0,Good book!
0,Definitely a book for a teen.. but I enjoyed it none the less!! Cute story! Takes me back to high school! LoL.  Fast paced good read!!
0,Domini is a little gangster.. not in training but fully grown. I love it. (Happy he is not my son)  it was so much going on in this book . Loved it. Loved it. Read it for yourself!!!!!!
0,ok
0,I thoroughly enjoyed this book. Granted, I could see the answers to the mysteries from minute one, and the characters a bit formulaic, but these are minor issues as the writing is so good. It is also nice to read a book where character issues trump extended sex scenes. Restrained still can be sexy.
0,Lisa owns Married in Marietta, the bridal shop in town, and Adam is the new doctor in town. There are sparks between them instantly. But they both have things in their pasts that make trusting someone in a relationship difficult. They slowly get to know each other, but will his secret scare her off?	I really loved this story. It was fun picturing the dresses and gowns in the shop. And with the Hollywood wedding coming up in town, there was definitely drama in the form of two spoiled Hollywood actresses.	Lisa is a wonderful, loving person, and I wish she was real because I would love to hang out with her. Adam was a great character too. A very caring doctor who puts patients first.	Great love story for the owner of Married in Marietta.
0,And just like that, you've got me sucked into another series Nicole!  How do you do it?  I can literally see the characters and feel their pain and passion - and you always make me want to move to Texas to find my own hot cowboy or brother from a big family (don't tell my husband and kids!)!  As always,  I'm counting the days until next release...
0,A brand new book by the queen of M/M romance, GA Hauser. Hardcore Houston tells the story of Dale who lives in Spokane and is in a search for a better life.  Dale has the looks and the body that attracts many a man or woman.  Dale has no problem using his body to get what he wants.  BJ a bartender at the local tavern has an idea on how to make some money off of Dale.  BJ creates a website and Dean Houston is born.  Many of the locals line up to spend some time with Dale/Dean.	Young Dale/Dean with the encouragement of his two buddies decides to see if he can further his career and decides to get in contact with a director of gay male porn.  After an unfortunate encounter one night at the tavern, Dale makes a decision.	Now going by the name of Dean, decides on embarking on the gay porn world. All Dean needs to do is pass the screen test. However, Dean had no intention of falling for the director Damian.	In my opinion this novel has some of the scorchiest sex scenes I have read in a GA Hauser book.  One of GAs finest!
0,I've been reading a lot of authors for the first time lately, and this book fits right into that category. This is the debut novel of Gillian Jones's Pub Fiction series.		Pub Fiction is the name of the popular local bar /club near the town's university, where the male employees are panty-droppingly gorgeous and the shooter girls can take your breath away.		I am having the most unbelievable luck with books lately because this one was great too. The characters are funny, quirky, and downright lovable. When the main characters Ryker and Kat get together, the sparks fly. The sexual tension practically jumps off the page. Here's the only secret I'll give away: Ryker is a bit of a dirty talker.		Be prepared to swoon. It's so freaking hot.		It's a sexy story of manwhore meets nice (yet flawed) girl. They compliment each other	well, and the supporting characters are just as fabulous as the main ones.		I can already tell it's going to be a great series.
0,A young woman is "given" and baby from her best friend, tries not to love her but falls under her charms. Living in fear of the real mother coming to take back her daughter, she stuggles to make a home and business of her own. While she is successful she realizes that she is missing a relationship with a man who helps her along the way.  She finally ends up making a family of her own.
0,Enjoyed this book! It's a quick read and provided a lot of helpful information in easy-to-follow lists. Makes it seem easy!
0,Dual spirits? What could be more exciting? In a homo-vamp! Erotic dreams ahead! Love the execution of this concept. More please.
0,awesome read awesome writer
0,Noelle Adams/Claire Kent has pretty much become an auto-buy for me.  I've enjoyed everything I've read of hers.  Some more than others, but I've not actively disliked any of her books.  I liked this one.  It is short and it does start in the middle of an active sexual relationship.  Victoria is a librarian and she's stepped out of her comfort zone and volunteered for a political campaign.  While working on the political campaign, she meets Greg.  He's a businessman working for his brother's campaign.  He's also a widower with an older teenaged daughter (I think 19), but Victoria doesn't know about the daughter and the daughter doesn't know about Victoria.  Greg and Victoria have agreed to have a purely sexual relationship and they don't know a lot about the other's personal life.  Until the teen daughter finds out about Victoria and confronts her.  The daughter, Carrie, does it at Victoria's place of work and not in a nice way.  The story goes from there with Victoria's feelings about dealing with this conflict, given that it's supposed to be a purely sexual relationship.		There is a lot of sex.  And, although it's a short story, there is plenty of character development and I was able to sympathize.  I liked this a lot.
0,There were a lot of good things about this novella. I really enjoy the author's writing style, and I felt she illustrated a teen boy's mind perfectly. The young love was so well done. I remember being 15 and in love (to the guy I married!), and Ari and Zane's relationship felt so reminiscent of that time in my life. I liked how we got some background on their relationship, and I really felt this book helped show a bit more of Ari's character development.		However, I thought it dragged a little, like there were some parts that weren't necessary. I also didn't like that there wasn't really any closure and there's this secret still being held over our heads, though I'm sure that's because it's being revealed in the next book. That said, I am enjoying the series and am looking forward to reading the next book.
0,I enjoyed this book very much, it shows the insecurities of Julie and the sensitive side of Steven by making her feel secure in his true feelings for her. I will be recommending this book to my reading buddy. I hope you have a follow up to this. I give you 5 stars.
0,A lot to learn about how people survived after the Civil War. A truly unique story of how two people met and became co-workers and friends during the 1800's. Also if you like photography, you'll enjoy it.
0,I read a lot and have been in a slump lately but I loved this book.. Read this...Made me tear up a couple of times.  Ready for the next book..
0,Great book.  I couldn't put it down. Navy Seal and game tester Charlie meets Hot Girl otherwise known as Amber and begins to fall for her playing in the game world with her.  They set up a date while playing a game but fate intervenes.  The suspense that follows and how they meet puts you on the edge of your seat!		I was given this book by the author for an honest review in my own words.  I was not compensated in any way.
0,Lost and found love. WOW. I really enjoyed this book, even though it is short. I loved the idea that they both harbored feelings for each other in High School and now they can act on them. It was wonderful to see that they wanted to be a family and that it wasn't about just sex and living a unique lifestyle. I would read more of her work. The samples at the end have me intrigued to see if other works are as entertaining.
0,This was an excellent book. It was a very touching story  with events could happen  any place  not just the south.
0,This book was an unexpected good read, I really liked the characters.  There were twists that took me by surprise but that strengthened the story.
0,Autumn is a good girl and deserve real love. I hope justin secret don't mess up what they have. I really believe he is the one for after all she been thru. I don't think tee was for not telling her about her cousin but i would have told her because brianca was being messy and petty. She wanted tee to find out so that it can get back to autumn.
0,The Dark Universe is a stand alone sequel. Can be read separately or after the first book. I really enjoyed Lola and Drake. Lola is outspoken and so funny. I laughed out loud on several occasions. The way she answers her phone when her mom calls is great. Drake is damaged by his fathers past abuse and struggles with his feelings for Lola. They were both determined to not fall in love but sometimes it happens without your consent. This book is the best of romance in my opinion. There's snark, dirty jokes, steamy sex, action, suspense, and a HEA. It's worth a read!		Reviewed by Kristyn for Cocktails and Books
0,I love Lisa's writing and she does not disappoint when it comes to this Valentine's collection.		Every one of these stories transport us not only to the lives of these characters but to the possibilities that come with a second chance at love, to losing the one you love, the insecurities that some go through at the thought of being a parent for the first time, the fear that the past will come back to hunt you and it'll repeat itself.		Lisa is an incredibly talented storyteller and I find that her book have soul, a feeling that transport her readers to the magical world her characters are living in. While these are short stories, some of them will get a full novel later on, and I can not wait for that to happen.		Love can leave us frail, full of fear and hopeless through a loss or a break up, but the arrival of a new soul to our lives can also build us back up, and show us how good it is to share dreams of a new life with another person. This is the message I got from these stories, this is the message we should never forget.
0,Lightless isn't a great title for this book.  Being in the dark (literal and figurative) is certainly part of it all, but lightless is more of a plot event than a theme or focus.  If Ms. Higgins or her editing/publishing people asked me to name the book, I'd suggest Rising which is not as engaging a title Ms. Higgins and Co. would desire, but more fitting for the book.  Since, however, they didn't ask me, Lightless it is.		The writing in the beginning and middle of Lightless is gorgeous--even the gory parts are gorgeous!  Our protagonists (I am not telling you who they are because you need to read to find out about them) are smart, sly, mercurial, scary, and strong--yes, one of them is SCARY.  Yum.		There's a bit of a drag during the interrogation parts.  It goes on for around a literal week in the book, and every page about the interrogation felt like it was a year long.  Maybe I am not patient.  Or maybe the interrogation part really is that tedious (two other reviewers agree that it is).  The ending reveals, courtesy of one character (it's really hard to write about this book without spoilers), are a bit clumsy with too much character-just-telling-us rather than clever storytelling.  I do love clever storytelling!		And clever storytelling!  To avoid even a slight spoiler, I won't post the info here, but I searched "Ananke" and "Annwn" and read interesting stuff that added richness to my reading of the story.  If you don't look before reading, definitely check the names out after!		I recommend this book.  I don't adore it, but I recommend it.  It's one that I will keep in my home library because I will read Lightless (though I maintain that a better title is out there) again.
0,Great series!
0,My brother passed on to me this book. This story was great. I read it in two days. What I am finding out is that lesser known authors are generating the best science fiction. This story is so different from what I have read in many years, it amazes me that someone could come up with a story-line that caught me off guard. Read this book - it will be worth your time.
0,If you enjoy reading a good story with hot love scenes with bdsm you will enjoy this book and her other Purgatory Club stories.
0,This was a really good story about moving on with your life. Cole's wife died of cancer a few years back and he hasn't moved on yet and Melanie is hiding her past and her emotional scars from everyone until her past comes back to haunt her.  Melanie has to face her past and Cole has to decide if he wants to stand by Melanie.  This ended up being a heartwarming story and I loved Mrs. H and Gabe was funny too.  I am looking forward to the next book in the series!
0,Th  has done it again. I love this series for all the interactions among the characters. Derrick is a wonderful man who holds onto love in matter what.  You will have to read this book to understand what true love can be. Is it worth the wait. For some yes.
0,Eye-opening book that provides lots of "food for thought" on Donald Trump. Will help me in making a voting decision!
0,Just like the other redemption books this was pure enjoyment going back and seeing what been going on.  Enjoy this book from the first page to the last. Great job!!
0,Left me wanting more. Love bishop but I can wait to see who Marcus picked for her master. But the twist could be who does she pick
0,Well damn. That was one hell of a good book. Oh my oh my!! Thank you Ms. Turner for once again rocking my mind.	If you are ready for a hot as hell book featuring two gorgeous hulks of men who really know how to please their woman, then look no further. Xander and Jackson are everything and more. And Simone! Get it girl!	I enjoyed the book and I know that you will as well.
0,A short interesting story of a vibrant young woman who grew up on a family ranch, went east for Veterinary school, and returned to the ranch where she meets a Texas Ranger who becomes the love of her life.  A good, fast moving story with a number of twists and turns  some spankings  and a lot of really nice people.
0,I started reading St. Mary's Today in about 2008 and especially liked the hard-hitting, straight-forward commentary on drunk drivers and crooked politicians. Ken tells it like it is. If you can't handle the harsh reality of the damage done by drunks, druggies and crooks, do your reading elsewhere. The Chesapeake Today continues to report, often in a humorous fashion, what you won't find in other media. It's too bad that Rossignol can't be cloned and set up in all major areas of the U.S. Maybe then the people of this country would wake up and scream, "Enough, already!" Keep up the good work, Ken.
0,Absolutely loved this book! The family and friendships were loving and refreshing. That Cortez had me in tears.... he is so funny!! I enjoyed this book so much. This is my first book by Danielle and I can't wait to check out more.
0,Syn and Ryder are two of my favs in the para romance world. Hutchins has done a great job creating a world where you feel like you slipped into your sexiest self and went along for the ride. This isn't your mom's paranormal fantasy, but it should be. The whole series is a dark, hot ride into where your twisted dreams live... and each book gets better.
0,Read the whole series and this was a good installment.  I recommend.
0,The heroic and tragic history of a young man whose life's dreams are cut short due to the murder of his mother and his quest to find her murderer. His life that leads up to her murder, is full of love, courage and honor, and longstanding friendships. This is a story that should be made into a movie.
0,This is a great collection of stories about flying in SAC's fastest manned aircraft. Some of the stories about the duty on the alert crews provide direct insight into the temperaments of Air Force commanders. Having served with some of them, I still prefer Navy polish. It was a most enjoyable account of the challenges in flying this difficult, supersonic, strategic aircraft, from the 1950's.
0,The Chosen is an engaging read loaded with colorful dialogue. Emma Calin's talent for words is evident as she paints a vivid image of a day in the life of her protagonists.  I found myself finishing the story and then rereading it again just for the dialogue. The characterization is excellent, the grasp on the dreams and aspirations of the characters infallible, and an ending that will take you by surprise.		An absolutely delightful read that I highly recommend.		Janna Shay	Author of Fair Play
0,This was a great story. I loved the Jared and Lily together they had so much chemistry together. This book by far blew me away and I hope to see several more stories from this series. KD does a great job of thinking outside the box and brings some original plots. This is a must read
0,Being from the south I enjoyed and identified with a lot of the conversations. This book was very believable and roped me right in to the story line. Lots of characters and fast pace suspense. Definitely a chick read.  Lots of chuckles.		The plots were tangled and wrapped up in a great ending. I would purchase other titles from this author.
0,This book is Getting Lucky With The Rock Star written by Amy Lamont. I loved this book. The close and easy relationship between the ladies is inspiring. Have you ever been knee deep in the middle of life and decided that you needed a course change? I'm pretty sure that's what wakes Paige up after she has been with Jared for a while. Can't say I really blame her, can you? Really good story! I received a complimentary copy and voluntarily chose to leave this review.
0,This is a really cute children's Book.	It is a story about a girl & her dog who are going to be world famous detectives. Ellie & Ace set out trying to find who the bedtime bandit is who is upsetting their neighborhood. He is causing all sorts of trouble!	This was just the right length for my kids to listen in & enjoy the mystery but not so long that they lost interest. And with a gap of 4 years between them all, that says a lot! Huge difference in attention spans. Really cute story. I will be getting the others to read to them too!
0,This series, starring Hetta Coffey, is very amusing and entertaining! She and Her best bud, get into scrapes that are sometimes unbelievable, but has a cohesive storyline. And I love her sidekick, Po Thang!!  Highly recommend!!
0,I just fell in love with this novella.  What a shame that Nick and Kevin, the main characters, wasted ten years because of a stupid misunderstanding in their last weeks before graduating from college.  If you are a romantic, you'll understand why saving yourself for the right person can be  so conflicting.  I shed a tear.  Thank God for friends like Jenny who are not afraid to tell it like it is.  A definite keeper for me.
0,A fitting end to a great journery.
0,love it
0,3.5 STARS	Sweet Revenge or Tragic Mistake?		Zara always thought of her cousin Karly as more like a sister so when she commits suicide out of the blue and leaves Zara with the only clue as to why she did it, Zara decides to seek revenge on the person who's responsible.		Noah has just made professor after working hard for the last several years and while his career may be blooming his long-term relationship is slowly dying. There is no passion left with his girlfriend but he cares about her so decides to stick it out. When he has a new student transfer into his class he is surprised by his instant attraction to her but would never cheat on his girlfriend or hit on a student so he keeps it professional.		Noah has no idea that Zara has other plans and that he can fight all he wants but she's determined to seduce him so she can reach her ultimate goal. The forbidden temptation is constantly dangled under Noah's nose until he can no longer take it and while it seems he may be willing to risk it all, Zara is the one who could end up losing everything.		While this was definitely an easy read for me, I found myself struggling to connect with the characters, especially the heroine Zara. She seemed a little too desperate & obvious in her attempts to seduce Noah and the fact that Noah never thought she had an ulterior motive seemed a bit odd to me. Noah's character came across to me as being much older than his actual age of 25, I felt like he was in his thirties while reading it. Overall a good read that had me entertained and left me guessing throughout while topped off with my favourite kind of HEA :)
0,I can't wait for the next book!!!! This story has lots of twist and turns into the older Donovans and their past with Dane and his mother.  Please hurry up with the next book, you left us hanging and wanting more.
0,Really liked this book, but it wasn't quite as good as the first two in the series which were amazing!
0,My daughter in law came from Texas.  The potato salad in this cookbook is much the same as her' s.  The sheet cakes, grapefruit cake all like her friend's and families serve when they have guests.  Like cooking food with a bit of heat they're here too. Tex-Mex,  BBQ, several bean dishes.  Over all I found too many tinned items, however that does allow for quality control for the less experienced cook therefore you can be less experienced and still produce flavorful dishes.
0,I liked this book a nice sweet little read have read quite a few of karens book and they are always a good read recommended  to anyone who likes a nice sweet romance
0,The series was so good, and my favorite couple was Zane and Mot. After Mot finally grew up, she became the wife that she needed to be for Zane. She was already a great mother, but she needed to tone the bratty attitude down to a minimum. Zane loved her so much, but everything wasn't about her, and being married, you have to come to a compromise.		Tammy was my favorite character, and she loved her husband so much. I hated that Ricky left her to be a single mother, but it's not like he had a choice in the matter. She ended up finding love again, after she stop fighting it, and I was estatic for her.  You could feel the love that she had for her husband, and she seen Ricky in her children daily. She also was the voice of reason for everyone, and she was the problem-solver with her no nonsense blunt personality.		 Monett was all over the place,  mentally, and she wasn't ready for Hakeem. Hakeem really loved Monett, but because she had so much going on, she didn't see it, until she almost lost it. I'm so happy that she finally got it together, and realized what was best for both herself and her children.
0,Love Levi and Kate. Erin does it again. All of the characters in her books are so alive. Sweet and sexy, your in for a treat.
0,Great story of children who had great disappointments and grief but found hope and love in positive, hard work and by the strength given by God to reach out in love opening there hearts. Great reading.
0,I loved reading this! It explains very simply and detail of the early start of our earth and how animals are part of this planet till today. Highly highly highly suggest reading this. My english language skills are not perfect and still managed to understand the content of this book. I also received this for free but if they told me I had to pay for it I would definitely consider it. Great choice I recommended to everyone.
0,I read for enjoyment, which is why I am struggling with this review. For me, the content in each book of this series ranged from 2 to 5 stars. Please allow me to explain.		As stated by other reviewers, this series is very well written, with lots of history and refreshingly free of explicit sex and language. However, I personally had a very hard time warming to some of the heroes and/or heroines, and a majority of the other characters were downright demented or frightening. I realize that the late fifteenth century was a very dark time, but I struggled with the on-going depressing and even violent scenes that didn't seem to get better until the HEA at the end of each book. I was just thrilled to find a HEA. I also liked the overlap of characters in the books.		For me this series was 3.5 but I'm rounding it up to 4 stars.
0,This story helped me to like Ty more and I loved Lana's family especially their local friend.
0,Thank you Tasha Black for writing this series. I had read the first two last year. However I recently got the box set. I really enjoyed these books . I will look for more stories of the trailers hollow pack.
0,I love all of Lauri Robinson's books. She makes the characters so real that her books are a pleasure to read. Enjoy.
0,It worked! I'm hooked and am off to grab a copy of Blackbird Summer!
0,While Carter & Murph aka Dane's story has the good vs bad plot it wasn't as bad as the previous books in this series.  This book had to do more with the family & what was going on in their lives as well as the courtship of Carter & Dane; it also didn't have a lot of sex scenes.		Murph & her son Max are from a species even older than Linyah's race; Murph & Max are Doran who are known as warriors & protected the Genjar when they were try to build up their #'s.  Murph was told by her evil father that her mother was dead & he had told her mother the same thing.  Leila, Murph's mother faked her death & has been living on the same planet that the Genjar's live & the crowning of Thomas brings them together.  That is but one family thing going on in this book.		This book was very good & as I'm enjoying this series I will be reading the next book in this series.
0,Firstly I have to say that I've never read a dedication that made me spew my coffee that I was drinking, all over my kindle - James Cox you have my respect!  So we've only got 2 more books before this tongue-in-cheek-but-I-can't-get-enough series finishes - what am I going to do then?  I can feel this addiction, climbing to the surface, already wailing at the thought - I'm in deep trouble here and talking of deep, it brings me nicely onto Whip, whose story it is.  Let's me be totally honest here, Whip is waaaaaay deep!  not surprising, as his childhood and early adult life was totally controlled by his sadistic Peacekeeper father.  The legacy he left Whip was a perchance for BDSM and a love for his "equipment" that he enjoyed to fairly extreme levels - hence his name "Whip" (don't be put off by the mention of a BDSM storyline, it's quite mild and not offensive in any way).  The war is gaining momentum, Whip being their communications expert (among other things (lol)) is sent to Harley's Workshop to ensure that the communications is set up.  Not only does the war gain momentum, but Whip and Harley's relationship certainly does - did I mention that Harley is a ginger?  No?  well he is and does credit to the "we love ginger" fraternity out there - just sayin'.  Again the sex scenes are hot - well, we are talking The Cox here, so we would expect nothing else!  The dynamics between Whip and Harley (love the name) was compulsive reading and I thought another excellent addition to this great series.  5* ride all the way!
0,Wow, I don't even know where to begin with this story and how absolutely crazy I became over Matt from the first page forward Matt was sexy, smart, sweet, funny, and so adorably selfless and caring it was unreal! Then again, he is a character in a book and not real, unfortunately! Matt falls in love with Ella from the minute he sees her, but unfortunately, she hooks up with Sam. Matt becomes the proverbial third wheel as Ella and Sams relationships grows and he remains their best friend. Matt and Ella have a few moments here and there but its not until he decides to move away that he finally tells her how he feels about her. Ella seems like the ideal girl from the very beginning and is not only beautiful but a perpetual caretaker and just a big-hearted person. Moreover, she comes from a wonderful family that immediately adore Matt, but never quite took to Sam. I especially loved her sassy younger sister, Vanessa who flirts with Matt from day one and basically does what she can to get a rise out of people, but in a fun way! Sam seems great for the bigger part of the novel, but after Matt returns home and the trying to get pregnant issue has obviously taken its toll on Ella and Sam, it becomes clear that Sam was nothing but a complete ass. He quickly changed from good, fun-loving guy to the epitome of a selfish and immature human.		In a Lifetime is full of frustrations, happy moments, sad moments, and so on Ariadne Waynes writing and characterization quickly reeled me in and I did not move from my seat until I was done reading this book, easily devouring it in just a few hours. These are not millionaires or perfect people  but the characters seemed very real and human, making mistakes, screwing up, and trying to make things better again. Despite all of the challenges and obstacles, Matts unrelenting love for Ella was truly beautiful and moving. I cheered for him throughout this entire novel, all the while hoping that Ella could resolve her feelings and find the happy young lady she was at the beginning of the novel. This unexpected gem that I stumbled upon was amazing and Ive already gotten the next two books in this serious which I will probably finish before bed tonight! If you love contemporary romance with some conflict and issues to build suspense, this is the book for you!
0,It's different from what I thought it would be but it was not bad in the least.	I received an arc copy of this book from Stormy night publication in exchange for an honest review.
0,Great story and Character development, just very short and only part of the story.
0,I am loving EVERYTHING you have written thus far and love the continued connection between each book within each series. Richard and Kiya, whew just WHEW! The chemistry literally JUMPED off the page from the moment they met. Even after a five year hiatus. It was hard to miss that these two belonged together. The danger and excitement that seem to be a given throughout anything you have written was certainly front and center in book two of this series. I was NOT disappointed at all. Looking forward to your next work.
1,Tried to read it but it skipped around so much from one story to another and I j u st couldn't  make sense of any of them.  Also seemed gory and I don't like that type.
1,sorry
1,I really didn't like this book very much. The story could have been good but it was like a so-so movie with the wrong actors. Also, just the way it started. They didn't even know each other but immediately started into a f..k buddy relationship. No chemistry, no feelings,nothing. Charming!  Who does that? Then there is a stalker and they have a restraining order but she comes back over and over. Call the police!!!!	Nope. Didn't like it.
1,No offense to the author, he just isn't for me.  I have read a lot of his work, some series I kept reading, some I just couldn't stand.  Read the intro, see if its for you! Lots of leaps of faith that don't seem to connect, things magically work out etc. Just not my type of stuff.
1,Writing was more like a student essay than a novel. I'm glad it was free, or I'd be very unhappy.
1,I was disappointed that the 'free' sampler does not finish the stories.  I got this so my granddaughter can practice reading and I understood that it would be only portions of the books (not the books in their entirety) but I assumed some of the middle chapters would be eliminated and the samples would skip to the end so at least there would be resolution.  This doesn't happen you are left hanging so you must buy (or borrow the book) if you want to know the end.  The stories and humorous and engaging and my granddaughter did enjoy what she read.
1,Talk about short! And not enough of a story to even know if it is interesting. A much longer and better tale is "Welcome to the First Day."
1,unique plot
1,I've no idea what this book was even meant to be about....Poor work
1,I almost finished this book and gave up right before the end. The hero in the story is described as a grogeous piece of man meat that I'd take a bite out of any day. Unfortunately, the heroine is whiny, bitchy, irritating and childish. She overreacts about EVERYTHING. Something as simple as being kissed on her palm has her storming out of a coffee shop and holding it against the sexy cowboy as if he tossed her on the table and ravished her while everyone watched when any single woman in her right mind with probably wish he HAD tossed them on the table instead of a light peck on the hand.	I continued reading because I did enjoy the story for the most part and had hoped that the relationship would get steamy and she would sort out her 'problems'. Well, when it comes to the moment in the book every hot blooded woman waits for....nothing...there is some grabing and then it's like watching a movie and the scene fades to black. That's when I finally turned off my Kindle and gave up.
1,This is a short and focused book. The writer knows her topic, gives some sound explanations of how each of the body butters and oils works on the skin.  She also gives a clear explanation of how bath bombs work. Finally, I like her recipes for body butters. They are safe dilutions of essential oils, except maybe for the peppermint body butter. I have yet to work out what % dilution it is. Math not being my forte.		So why did I give it two stars?  There are several reasons. First, as a beginner book, (and on bath bombs I am a total beginner), the explanation of how to mix, shape, and store seemed very sparse to me. At the end of how to make it, I was still reading about mixing in more water, and I am wondering where on earth this extra water comes from. It ended there with brief bit on putting it in molds and waited ng a few hours. The next page starts a new chapter on the benefits of bath bombs. So....I still don't really know how to finish them.  Second, the body butter recipes were uneven in their instructions. The FIRST recipe is a bit vague on how to apply heat to the mix. You can't put a glass bowl on the stove! I think an explanation of homemade double boilers or commercial ones would help. I notice some of the later recipes mention double boilers. Also the LATER recipes are clearer on the method of whipping. Considering that sequencing, I find the info uneven. Finally, the grammar needs editing. I am aware that as a writing teacher and editor, my eye is overhoned for errors, but I believe when something is published, the typos should be minimal. These aren't even typos, but grammar errors like lack of subject-verb agreement. Just my feeling that at the publishing stage, even self-published and free/low cost books need to be edited and proof-read with a sharp eye.
1,It feels more like a comic book, not if the paper version is diferrente this version of e-book, but this did not like me very much, had chosen this book to download it in the tablet of my son, who loves dinosaurs, and whenever I see something about them, try to buy it, but thank god decided to download it on my cell first, because I did not like my son, it looks a bit violent, I feel way too aggressive.	I received this product at discounted price in exchange for my honest opinion. I never promised give a pasitive review, just to give my honest and sincere opinion, these reviews do not do, just to get products at discounted or free, nor receive any payment for this, I do it because I like to give my point of view, also as perhaps many others, am a person who usually buy many items online, because due to my work and my homework, I do not have much time to go shopping and buy, so usually I buy many things this way, and I guide me mainly on the reviews and punctuation with the items, so I hope this will be useful
1,It just seemed so unrealistic and incredibly short. I can't stand when 25% of the book is a preview of another book. It made me not want to continue buying the series.
1,Please be aware that you will love this book if you like your characters to be very black-and-white figures.  While there is some charm to the story, the whole thing is just a little too simplistic.  The bad characters are VERY bad (with no apparent redeeming values) and the good characters are VERY good (with few or no apparent flaws).  If you are OK with that and a very simple plot, then you will enjoy this  book.  If you are looking for three-dimensional characters with some real texture to the story, pass on this book.		I will not be reading any more of this series.
1,This was a very difficult book to figure out.  It kept jumping around from one sick and twisted character to another. I struggled through the annoying overdone Britishisms for 13%, but there seemed no indication of any connection or story development, so I gave up.
1,I was fooled into thinking that I would get satisfaction after reading this steamy book...boy, was I wrong.  Aside from being poorly written (organization and flow), the spelling and grammatical errors were frustrating to see.  That being said, I really like reading books where the main characters connect with more than just their penis and vagina.  I think if the author spent some time developing Rachel and Landon's emotional connection, the sex scenes would have been more enjoyable.  I found Rachel to be an emotionally weak female who lives to torture herself with men she knows are bad for her (i.e. James). I  liked Landon, for the most part, but the silence and lack of quality dialogue between he and Rachel got to me.  The ending of the book was  not satisfying at all (Spoiler alert) .  Rachel takes a call from James, while in the car with Landon and agrees to meet him for drinks...why? because he's a friend she tells Landon.  They have a small argument about their promise to be exclusive, the argument becomes child-like in discussion and they say goodbye to each other ...end of book.  I would not recommend this to anyone.  I finished this book because I wanted to rate it.  I am not interested in paying for the follow up book to get an ending...it could have and should have been done in this book.
1,The title was intriguing, the blurb as well, but the contents were more than disappointing. Roughly written, little to no character development and frankly look more like notes than stories with more violence to the characters than necessary. Sorry to say I will not be bothering with this author again any time soon...
1,2.5 stars, if I could.		I liked the blurb of this one, even though the premise was a bit trite - virginal uni student falls for hot, much older TA. A few pages in, you find out that there is more to the TA than initially meets the heroine's eye, so there is opportunity to do something interesting and different. Were it well written, it could have been a great story. Unfortunately, to me, it came across as a first-time effort by someone with quite a young voice. It wasn't terrible, but there were enough things that bothered me that I never managed to reach the end, flicking pages from half-way and bailing by three-quarter time.		The heroine uses quite a lot of profanity that doesn't really seem to add to the story. She has a very young voice and, at times, is quite annoying. (And I read a lot of NA, so I'm used to profanity and young voices.) The much older hero (ten years age difference) also gets to express his viewpoint, so there is an opportunity to introduce a more mature perspective, but this never really happens. Instead, the hero comes across as rather immature, too.		Whilst there is a strong physical attraction between the two, it takes quite a while for any real action to occur. When it does, it's not particularly steamy, though this is what I was expecting, given the suggestive cover art.		So, in summary, it was just too much work for me and a bit too forgettable. Hopefully, you will find otherwise.
1,So this is erotica? Then I haven't been missing a thing all these years by avoiding the genre. I couldn't even read past the halfway mark in this mess of a "story." This is badly written with no plot to engage the reader. There is no emotional investment in bringing the characters to life. It's just thrown together with dare I say it? A bunch of dirty words. Thankfully, it didn't cost me a dime, but I regret the ten minutes that I'll never get back.
1,This story had promise but fell short. Everything came to easy. I needed to be heartbroken. This seemed like a high senior' s essay. I would not recommend this book.
1,The book got off to such a slow, bland start that I almost didn't pick it back up.  I considered putting it back down a couple more times. The story wasn't very compelling and it didn't flow very smoothly.  I give the author credit for her descriptive abilities.
1,do not waste your time.  horrible story line, misspelled words, and ridiculous punctuation.  I didn't return it just to write the bad review.  I couldn't finish it.  Cass, Cassa, Sassy, Shame, Candey.  give me a break :(
1,I lost interest fairly quickly and set it aside as I just could not get interested in either of the two main characters.  I need some substance to a story, not just lust and sex.  It was shallow.
1,Yeah, the main character is interesting but he digresses to meaningless drivel so often that the story becomes difficult to read. Don't waste your time.
1,I looked forward to a lighthearted read, but found so many errors. A good edit could have helped, but nothing helped the "Honeybun" clan of brothers. There are so many elements that could have made this a fun read, but it missed on all points for me.
1,It was a different and interesting plot but the writing was juvenile, with lots of mistakes and poorly constructed sentences. Furthermore, the characters were unbelievable in their language. If the author is a teenager writing her first book keep writing, you will get better. If not don't put out unedited garbage it only makes you look bad.
1,Oh dear. Only chapter two and I'm already irritated by the errors and juvenile prose.	I'm afraid this one is going in the DITCH pile.
1,Just a trite cookbook that puts a skillet in the oven instead of a cake pan. Appears that first chapter is missing.  Deleted from device.
1,Very amateurish writing, incomplete, and thank God I didn't actually have to pay for this. (Kindle unlimited). I rolled my eyes so many times at the poor phrasing, I'm surprised they didn't freeze that way! I definitely will not attempt another book by them. I easily read 1-2 books a day but this was truly a waste of my time.
1,I immediately can't like the writing style. These days we aren't supposed to use the overdone dream sequence opening. In the next chapter, we find many sentences ending in prepositions; over, about, away, about, up etc. while all sentences are short. And choppy. And short. Like that.	"She didn't know who Helen was thinking about.  Helen bristled. A nursery for whom?" So the character understands grammar better than the author? That's new.	"It wasn't nice to be nosy.. It did sound out of character... it wasn't a particularly nice room... It was small and pokey... its slightly wobbly nature... I couldn't stand it at home... I don't even want to think about it. It's horrifying. It's disgusting. Its horrible... If its a holiday romance, itll burn out on its own."	All this before I am halfway through the second chapter.	Lose the it.	Get an editor who understands why all the above issues need to be revised and changed. I'm surprised because previously Choc Lit Press has produced excellent works.		The tale is about a young woman whose father comes home from a conference in Verona with a new lady on his arm. The family and friends are immediately down on her because she is a cocktail waitress; as if it was any of their business. I suppose none of them ever took a serving job while they were students? The setting is a stifling middle-class England, several characters working in a university. A male character called Alex is presented as sleeping around with anyone whether he knows their names or not, females I should add. Another male character is called Dom, for Dominic, and the author might consider that this name has quite another meaning. A wedding is planned in Cornwall for Midsummer's eve.		I could not get into this tale at all because the writing kept throwing me out again when I tried to get to know the characters. Some readers might not mind. If you think you would like to try a contemporary retelling of Dream, do; but I'd want a complete edit as I don't consider this book is ready for publication.		I was sent an ARC and this is an unbiased review.
1,This book is very, very, VERY derivative.  It's like the author took Jane Eyre and Rebecca, mashed them together, and, Wa-La! Her own very unoriginal work.		Harriet Grant, in her eagerness to avoid unwanted marriage proposals and her annoying mother, accepts a position as governess for Sir Simon Destor's mischevious twin daughters (Jane Eyre).  She quickly falls in love with the dark, mysterious Sir Simon, despite the fact that the housekeeper, Mrs. Barnes, seems set on keeping them apart.  For instance, she gives Harriet a dress to wear, not telling her that the dress belonged to the late Lady Destor, and of course Sir Simon is angry because the dress reminds him of his wife (Rebecca). Despite loving Sir Simon, Harriet starts to have doubts that his first wife is truly dead.  She keeps hearing a woman sobbing during the night, and knows that there are more rooms in the house than she has been given access to (Jane Eyre).  Finally, the identity of the woman is revealed when the house, wait for it.... Catches on fire (Jane Eyre AND Rebecca!).		I will admit that, in and of itself, this is a fairly good book, probably four stars.  But the fact that this was so extremely reminiscent of two other classics drove me crazy.
1,I wasted several hours reading over half of this. I never really did understand it! Tyr and Sal frustrated me with their turbulent love story. What exactly is "Blood Magic?" Too much time is spent on this and it never did make sense. The battle scenes with the beasts are over the top. Don't waste your time.
1,This ebook is short on practical examples and who to do.
1,He should be on Comedy Central not writing about things that many people would like answers too. Very disappointed that Amazon would even permit someone to do this.
1,i felt this writer could have done more with the story line and go in deeper with the people
1,Terrible terrible books. Can't believe these books have such high ratings. All the books are pretty much the same just different names. To finish the mating you have to kiss the bear! REALLY!!! What are we in the 3rd grade. Not very erotic
1,Ok the premise is completely fantasy, I mean who goes from running for their lives and being kidnapped to in love and horny in two heartbeats.  I get its an erotic fantasy but really!
1,* A copy of this book was provided by the publisher via NetGalley for the purpose of an honest review.		Its the ultimate high school reunion! Alec and Valerie banded together as only outcasts can to survive the dreaded high school years. The two best friends shared more than just their unpopular social standing back in the day, they had bullies and terrible parents to add to the list of craptacular things to worry about. Ten years later and the two friends are attending their high school reunion together. When a game of Seven Minutes in Heaven goes too far, Alec and Valerie find that their friendship is becoming a little less friends and a little more benefits.		Okay so Best Friends with Benefits wasn't a good fit for me for many reasons. I couldn't understand or relate to two grown people who felt it was so important to attend a high school reunion with the same people who made their lives miserable when they were younger. It didn't serve any purpose to me and sounded kind of petty, juvenile and like neither character really grew up in the ten years since they graduated. Alec and Valerie should have just been better than that.		I couldn't really get over the immaturity and over the top level of angst in this story. It felt more like a New Adult novel the whole way through so I checked out the author and yep, Candy Sloane is the pen name for a YA and NA author. Now thats not a bad thing but here I thought I was getting a Brazen novel with mature, adult characters and Best Friends with Benefits just wasn't it. Sure, it had a pretty high heat level but other than that it definitely had a New Adult feel to it.		The plot, while not to my liking was solid and well thought out and the pace was smooth and even. When it came to the love scenes, I had no reason to complain.		Even with Best Friends with Benefits feeling more NA than Adult Contemporary, it had a few gems. Alec and Valerie had such a close friendship that was built on their outcast status when they were younger. It shaped them and they depended on one another in the past as well as in the present. I enjoyed their playful banter and the seemingly unconditional support they gave each other. I felt like no matter what happened at the reunion, Alec and Valerie were still going to be the best of friends.		Final Verdict: This wasn't a good fit for me because Im not into NA novels and Best Friends with Benefits falls into that category in my opinion. Alec and Valerie were a bit too immature and allowed way too much drama into their lives for my liking. However, if NA is your thing, then please do pick this book up. Its spicier than most NA romances but still a solid NA romance.
1,The book takes a modern day man who owns his own construction business and drops him into the body of a young girl in medieval times with magic.  And he arrives as she is giving birth, so an extreme shock to any man.  So you have the potential for some significant character development and some nice action. Unfortunately the author immediately wrote out most of the opportunities for the character to do anything other then act like a 16 year old girl.  Why bother to write a story about a older person from a more advanced world if you are not going to allow that aspect to be a significant part of the story.  I even read all three books, hoping for more.		The male personality struggling with the female body was well developed and nicely written, however the book was only half of what it should have been.
1,I really liked it up until the "return of the Mommy"  and the more she gave her reasons why she left the more angrier I felt  and unfortunately that took all my focus good Lord the forgiveness was so quick to come could not get past it ended up ruining the whole story for me.
1,So boring and not believable. Does not seem like the author did any research on anything. Disappointing. At least EM didn't try and glorify homelessness. But a lot of homeless have jobs and access to showers. And a lot of people with drug addictions have jobs. This book is a bunch of ignorance disguised as something good.
1,If you don't have the whole book figured out before you're through with the first quarter of it, you're not paying attention. Then there's the distasteful factor. Certainly I can root for the owner of a bed and breakfast or an eBook publisher, but asking me to champion a woman who wants to sell dildos and sex toys in the back room of her business in an otherwise wholesome small town, and to pose the man who opposes, due to his roll to protect the town, as the unreasonable town prude... little too sleazy for me.
1,(Twenty more words are required. That's a stupid policy on the part of Amazon.)	I stopped reading due to poor grammar, punctuation...	There, 22 words. Enough?
1,There's nothing new here, folks -- don't waste your money. Stuff like dump cable, ditch your landline, get cheap cellular plans, get cheaper cars, don't use postage stamps, dispute your property taxes, etc. etc. I suppose if you haven't already figured out all this stuff it might help you.
1,So, pros: the writing is really good. And the leads are likeable. The premise was promising, but...	Cons: i know the entire story is about a girl hearing demons and trying to subvert their plans, but did it need to be so religion soaked? And forget the whole, "prayer" keeps the demons away, my bigger issue is that when a kid tries ro assault her, it is blamed on demons (and drugs). Depression is blamed on demons. Homcidal and paranoid actions are demons. A few charcter flaws sure, but the expectation lurking in these folks affected by demons is that they don't have the fauth to banish them, or the will. So if the kid who has suicidal thoughts went to church or prayed real hard, he would be able to banish the demons dragging him down? One thing the book shows is that they try to help those with demons but it rarely ever helps, because the people don't want the help. As if an abusive relationship can be chalked up to demons and not wanting to banish this (despite counseling). The view of heaven and angels was fine, whatever, but Adelle avoids things because of demon influence, violent movies, drink (because being drunk invites demons to possess you) and raunchy books, for goodness sakes. Atheism is seen as a weakness in Levi, and something he needs to be "cured" of. Augh!
1,This was a terrible book! It jumped to much and had no imagination to it. It also was awam bam thank you ma'am. No story line
1,Simplistic re-characterization of classic fairy tale stars.  It's done better on the television show "Once Upon a Time".
1,I recently read another work by Elizabeth Finn, "Brother's Keeper". I really enjoyed that story, though I had some reservations about the author's style (see separate review); nevertheless, I committed to tracking down further works.		Unfortunately, "Restoring Jordan" was an even more glaring example of the author's inability to use dialogue in a story. I am mystified (flabbergasted, actually) as to why she doesn't learn this basic (and very essential) tool. Her writing could be amazing with this single improvement.		In terms of the rest of the story, I found the meeting of the hero and heroine to be rather implausible and I couldn't feel the sexual attraction / tension which was supposed to be happening between the two. Disappointed, to the point that I won't bother with her other, existing works.
1,The story line was there, but all the characters had no life in them. They were flat!  No passion in their life.
1,I couldn't get into it and delete the  book
1,I am extremely glad I did not spend any money on this book. The editing it horrible, as if this was the rough draft and the Author decided to go with it. I would  not recommend to anyone.
1,The attempt of breaking the fourth wall and have the lead talk to the reader tends to feel strained and sort of backfires.	Beside that, this short romance has its funny/witty moments and it does not lack deeper pages, but the end result is not entirely convincing. Characters remain bidimentional if likeable.
1,And KNOWING that at least half the reviews were planted by sock puppets, I decided to give this book a chance. First of all, when you have your friends, family and/or paid reviewers review your book to stack the reviews, you corrupt and taint the process. It's easy enough to spot them---they're the ones with one or two reviews prior to the current one. Sometimes it's the only review. When you do that, you A: Look desperate, and B: Look dishonest. And C: Assumes that everyone coming after is a fool. Nobody wants to be made to look like a fool.	The book wasn't bad. It wasn't AMAZING and un-putdownable---as some "reviewers" claimed. It was kind of a romance book hodgepodge mess. It had, bars, war, psychics, ghosts, cowboys, tragedy, God, marines, rodeos, kids...about the only thing it didn't have was bikers, werewolves and vampires. Trying to be all things to all genres is really hard to pull off. The preachy parts were odd, too. From one sentence to the other it went from "God's will" to sex. The change ups could give you whiplash if you weren't paying attention. That's not to say it was a religious book, per se, but a bit of warning to the religious content might be in order. Other than the numerous genres thrown in, it was actually pretty formulaic for a romance book with no real surprises.	So, I'd give it three stars but take one away for the stacked deck reviews. Trying to even them up is only fair.
1,This story was just messy! I'm out done and I thought I received the updated copy. Read at you own risk.....this is no HEA. The story is not as good as the first one and I'm not sure I'll read the next book. I get taking your readers on a journey but killing main characters! I'm so over this book. I'm so disappointed, it's a good thing it was free.
1,I have to say I did not read all of this book because it was so boring. I did try to but ended up skipping around to find something interesting.	This was boring. Instead of telling a story, revealing characters and creating chemistry, it felt like I was being told something very flat. There was no chemistry between characters, no give and take. It felt contrived and one dimensional from word one.
1,I didn't really care for this book very much.  It felt very empty and rushed.  There weren't enough details and the relationship developed very up realistically.  The book lacked depth overall.  Sorry but I wouldn't recommend it
1,Not my cup of tea
1,I never finished it, it was a little boring for me
1,Too short & I felt cheated to have to buy another book(which I will not do)to find out what happened between Rio & Gina.  It was like paying for a sample!
1,Did not like the supporting characters at all.  Trashy language and trashy behavior made this book a bad purchase for me. The original premise of a makeover and winning back the ex had appeal, but that was it for this book.  Big difference between trashy and sexy. This was trash.
1,I received an ARC in exchange for an honest review		Haden is a jerk and he completely owns it. He loves and leaves but he makes no promises so he thinks hes scot-free. When Presley breaks up with her fianc he fights to the top of the pack for her, even though he annoys her to no end, like a ten year old that pulls the hair of the girl he likes.		Presley has OCD and she has her life completely planned, except when she and her fianc realize that they don't love each other enough to get married. She makes a terrible decision one night with Haden and ends up pregnant.		This book was very frustrating with everything that goes on between Presley and Haden. Even though #Jerk has a HEA its still not satisfying because there is still one character that must be very hurt, Hadens fianc.
1,Hated the over proper grammar. Hated the hookup aspect. Story was disconjoined and not worth reading. Very much disliked this one
1,I think the book itself might be like two star good even though I haven't read it, and the plot is very unoriginal. I also noticed that the author (or authors) are making little changes to the names of popular authors (one of them being the best Minecraft author in the world, Cube Kid).	Read better books!		In the meantime, keep calm, stay safe, and mine obsidian carefully!	- Mister_Chicken_, Minecraft extrodanaire
1,I really enjoyed this book. However, you really start to get into it and then it stops. Need to purchase the next book, $2.99 for less than 100 pages. That pisses me off. I hate when authors do this. If all 3 of these books were put into one, then I would pay that much for the book, but I find this expensive and rude. Probably not buying the next book unless it is .99 or free. If I knew this when I download the first book for free, I wouldn't have read it.
1,I think the book was written well, but the story and the way Beth just took shit from Oz was just dumb.  No way would a "country girl" or "city girl" act like that.  The book just sucked.
1,Another two book, have to buy to see what happens sales gimmick.  Skip this book and this two part series.  You're going to want to slap the main character for being so stupid.  You're going to want to slap the hero for being so desperate.  This reads like a bad high school drama--I went to this party once and it sucked--type thing.  No character development, no plot.  This entire story is set around trumped up conflict that doesn't really exist and it's going to leave you disappointed.
1,Aliens, kidnapping, lying . Who cares? Every character in this book is disgusting. The storyline is beyond hope. This book almost sickened me. I will avoid all books by this author at all times. Thank God it was free and I did not pay for this piece of garbage. As for the writer.... get help. You need it. Don't pout when you put your work out there for a review. This book was quite possibly, no it was the worst I have ever read. If I could have given it minus zero stars I would have. Books this stupid should come with a warning.. read at your own risk. The risk being complete humiliation of women. This writer has to be a man. No woman would humiliate other women this way. As the writer quoted over and over in this (book)? "You Suck".
1,This book was just ridiculous and unbelievable. Would recommend to people who like a crappy book.
1,An interesting plot.	A husband reading his wife's books and practicing what he learns on her. Wish the book had more romance and more pages!
1,I really wanted to love this book becaise you don't often find this kind of story featuring gargoyles so i was pretty excited and the high ratings promised i would - but it was very short and mediocre at best. Dont get me wrong i love reading about "mates" and the fast pace of such relatiinships has never bothered me but this was ridiculous. They have exactly one date in which they have maybe a quarter of a conversation - then everything is revealed and boom they're mated. Just like that. Then boom they live together just like that. Im sure for Mal thats perfect but Bobby is a human thrust into this new world by a guy he knows nothing about. Yet there is very little struggle on his end. His character over all is pretty weak. The background on him that we're given is minimal. Seriously read the story summary - the book doesnt go into anymore detail than that. Following this, the author tries to create tension but since its more of a summary than a story and so the last half just sort of feels slapped on. Then the character of Seth is just wildly inconsistent. He's painted as a villain but then the author backtracks and its his friends who are the villains and this shift happens a few times and at the very end of the book, hes a completely different character. And its pretty easy to figure out why - most likely he will feature in a future sequel, so the author had to make him not even redeemable but just the honestly misunderstood good guy and it doesnt really work.
1,Rated R - with caveats	No violence, no swearing (that I know of, but I don't know British slang), but there's sex about 37% in and I stopped reading there.	This was my first book by this author and I was attracted to it because it looked very tame and the premise looked good when I read about it.  I thought the h was super quirky (which I liked) and the H seemed like a decent guy.  The "Conflict" seemed like it could get interesting.  But, almost 40% in, I got an eyeful of foreplay ("she put her hand on his pleasing bulge in his briefs," "she flipped the covers back, exposing her breasts for him," "you tell me, Sadie, if you like oral," etc.) and that was with me skipping through.  Not my style - this one's going back.
1,This story was a bit much for me on the meaningless sex and hook ups.  Just not one I enjoyed and I crossed the author off my list.
1,I didn't like this app.  It doesn't work well on my paperwhite. I only spent $.99 on it but its not worth it. Im sorry
1,I'm in the minority here, so your mileage may vary. I love regency and historical romances (in particular a big fan of Stephanie Laurens) so I expected to like "A Christmas Gone Perfectly Wrong". But Andrew was such a pompous, self-righteous, uptight, rigid, prissy... (you get the idea!)... He really put me off. I do understand about the strict rules they had to follow in that time period and how easily a lady could be compromised, etc., but Andrew really was more about following the rules for the sake of following them, and not thinking of extenuating circumstances, or of the people who might be affected by them. Here's a speech he gives Lucy in Chapter 3:		"I understand your education in these matters has been lacking. But propriety is no true propriety at all if we adhere to it only when others are watching. It is a matter of my personal honour that I observe *all* the rules of decorum rather than picking and choosing the ones that suit me. And a gentleman's honour, let me assure you, is no frivolous indulgence. If he's any sort of worthwhile man it's his very backbone."		I LOVED the sentiment but I HATED the delivery. Oh my goodness, the condescension, the arrogance, the superiority... you can practically see it oozing out of him! I wanted to like him. I like heroes who have principles and stick to them, heroes you can count on, heroes who choose to do the right thing. But Andrew... I couldn't like Andrew! Instead I felt sorry for Lucy, who had to deal with him, and I have no idea how she fell in love with him, apart from the fact that he's very good-looking and she hasn't had the opportunity to meet any other men. And yes, Lucy WAS reckless and she flouted convention, but she was so much more HUMAN than Andrew that I totally empathised with her.		I have to give the author credit because she did well with the setting of the story and obviously is familiar with the rules and strictures of society at that time. The story is faithful to the time period (right down to Andrew's pompous speech patterns!). It's well-written, but unfortunately Andrew himself quite spoilt it for me because his constant pontifications (both spoken, as well as in his head) made the story move so slowly. This is the first I've read of Cecilia Grant and the quality of the writing is such that I'd be happy to read other works by her, as long as the hero isn't as annoying as Andrew!
1,Terrific story line but chocked full of same profanity. Do not recommend for that reason. I wish I'd known that before I got them - I would not have purchased them.
1,The premise of this book was good but the execution was not so good.  Gen pretty much was written like a 13 yo girl (which is an insult to 13 yo girls everywhere).  Her constant misunderstanding of any and all situations and her over-reactions thereafter frustrated me so much I only got to 30% on the book before I had to give up or go out of my mind.  I wanted to climb into the book and smack her in the back of the head.  Glad it was free.
1,Stupid and I had the plot figured out 10 minutes into the book.  Stupid characters that never got a clue.
1,I remember writing when I was in school, and this quality of writing would have earned me a C at best and only if the teacher was in a good mood.		Grammatical errors abound, the writing is low quality, spelling mistakes are scattered through the text like pepper over a meal, perhaps the author is adding spice to his work?		 I won't call him a writer, though he may be an author, there is a distinct difference and this author is not really worth the effort. Much better quality work available done by people who can actually write and who are truly interested in helping a writer get their work organized and published correctly.		Looks like something pumped out by a marketer looking to make a fast buck or two, and guess what it is, he claims to have produced a number of books. Wonder if his ability to write has improved with the volume. More than likely an advocate of \slinging it at the wall to see how much sticks and how much he can make from it.		Have taken his course on writing for Kindle, very little about writing, it was mostly about marketing and getting the book noticed. Very little on writing quality it was more about quantity and speed?
1,A convoluted mess with and incoherent plot, superfluous dialogue and poor character development. The author attempts to extend the story by continually adding new characters and more villains, without properly developing the originals. Each new addition to this series is more disappointing than the last.
1,While the first book was great this was was anything but.  It is a 30 page story in a 300 page book. Gets old fast and stays there.
1,Not very long and s lot of old hat jokes.  Nothing much here for me.  I really expected more variety.
1,This book was too long. It dragged the story out for no apparent reason except to lengthen the book. This story could have been completed in 130 pages the rest was fillers.  I started skipping chapters because all it did was repeat the storyline.  I was disappointed.
1,Once I read Part 1 (Book 1) I continued on to Book 2 and 3 to get to the end of the story. I was curious about whether the first book had a few incidental proofing errors or if the whole series was flawed. The premise was promising but it read like a rough draft. The typos were distracting. There was a discrepancy in the timeline. The heroine was once referred to as Sarah rather than Hazel at one point. There were passages that were stuck in that added nothing to the story while other sections needed to be flushed out. Good proofreading and an editor would really help. I still can't believe I was charged to read this. I felt like I needed a red pencil to make corrections throughout, but as I said above, my curiosity about the lack of quality made me pony up a few more bucks to complete the series/story.
1,I thought it was hard to follow, disjointed.  Good story, just didn't flow.  Don't think I would buy another at this time.
1,The book was okay, but it won't be one I read again, or recommend to my friends. The amount of errors in the editing was distracting, as was the factual errors. Tigers, Ms. Blake, are from Asia (and Siberia), not Africa. Your heroine, as one dimensional as she was, was supposed to be a nature photographer. She could not possibly have been photographing tigers in Africa unless they happened to reside in a zoo. The characters were flat with little to recommend them or to get the reader involved in their plight, though there wasn't much of that either. Not really a great read.
1,didn't love it didn't hate it but could only give it 2 stars
1,this book was horrible.  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone the characters was boring I glad it was free because if I had to purchase it I want a refund.
1,Muy lento, me aburrio el relato.no me atrapo , hice el esfuerzo para terminarlo cosa que no me sucede habitualmente
1,It finished almost like an incomplete book though it was a real good read so long it lasted. I liked the book bot I did not like the strange cliff hanger sort of ending that makes it look like an imcomlete book.
1,Boring DNF . Writing is juvenile and characters are boring. Please try to write female characters who are not only attractive because they are "tiny" with "smoking little" bodies. H finds her attractive for "some reason" he can't seem to identify although he keeps mentioning how petite and short and hot she is. Sigh
1,Thought I'd read as a classic but the style is really hard to understand for me
1,Might be interesting to someone else.  Not interesting to me at all.  I read very little of it and already can't remember any of it, which to me is a good thing.
1,Actually, not even one.	The title is, of course, a grabber.	The story is not worth the purchase.
1,Not her best. But an okay read.
1,Who wouldn't love reading about 2 teenage rock stars moving into a small town and falling in love with hometown girls? Every teenage girl's dream.  It's Sweet Valley High with sex, drugs and rock n roll.  While the over-the-top drama was fine, I just couldn't get past all of the errors.  Grammatical errors and inconsistencies cluttered up the series and made it frustrating to read.  I would have loved to have given this series a 4-star, but the lack of professionalism in not having the stories properly edited just ruined it for me.
1,I was disappointed with this book once again. There's nothing redeeming about this story between way too long sex scenes  and alpha male on other male sex scene. Au contraire, the story was too draggy and not relaxing at all. Will be reading the last book just because I bought the whole series.... Unfortunately....	  And by the way, I felt like this author was on a quest to prove everyone she was a liberal...we get it you're a liberal.... So is many of us we just don't try to push on others.
1,Violent, and not for cat lovers.	It had a good twist of an ending, but getting there was very tedious and the title has nothing to do with the book.
1,Moving beyond the mistakes (bo'sun not boson, and why would you would shorten coxswain to swain) and the blithering idiocy of having press ganged Marines in armor on the bridge within a week of their impressment.  Overlooking the scheduled refit being due to the pitting and wear seen on the caracite hull, after having been told how impervious caracite is to damage unless struck by other caracite.  Getting past the fact that all of the naval maneuvers take place in a single plane...in space...		Blistering pace - yes.  Most writers would cover the events in this one book over several volumes.	Elements of a good story?  Sure.  Princess in peril, Marine to the rescue.	Plot holes?  HUGE.  How did Murphy get word back to slaughter the family?  Why were the weakest ships constantly being place in the "van", as in FRONT, during the assault?  Why was the purser French and evil?		The other reviewers clearly did not actually read the book.  David Drake has a better eye towards how things function in a navy that uses press gangs.  David Weber has more insight into midshipman.		100 lashes with a Cat O Nine Tails is a death sentence.  Flogging was carried out with a more traditional whip.		The author lacks in the experience to make this novel a good purchase even at a reduced price.
1,No character development.  Unlikeable female character in Meryl.  A 19 year old character who acts much older than he is in Nik.  Poorly translated Russian.  A "villain" who never really explains his reasons and a backstory that is glossed over I wonder why I wasted the last two hours reading this book.		Which is a shame because the first in this series was actually pretty decent.
1,I was really wanting at least a little more history, and some tea traditions. Most of the tea recipes contained juice, which was not to my liking. I as far I could see there was no section on preparation and brewing instructions. Also, every "recipe" had the amounts for stevia sweetener and myself, and many others, have severe gastro-intestinal troubles from ingestion of stevia. There should have been amounts given for alternative sweeteners; such as agave, honey, and raw organic sugar.
1,Great waiting for the next one
1,This book was about those fascinating characters from Club Luxe 1, Victoria and Malcolm, yet still disappointing to me. The overwhelming passion was way too muted; the intense suspense and sense of personal danger just weren't there. The basic plotline was sound, so I guess the devil in the details failed.		Book 2 is just not as well written. The harrowing excitement was missing, and most damaging of all, Malcolm's and Victoria's wildness for each other was tamed. There wasn't nearly enough sex, let alone delicious kinky sex. Even their deep sexual tension/obsession fizzled. The tantalizing opportunity to visit Club Luxe once again and be blown away as the reader was in Book 1 was ignored!		Victoria was too brazen, and horror of horrors for we addictive erotica readers, tough alpha god Malcolm let her get away with it. The investigative work was conquered too easily, and happier feelings just sprung up all of a sudden. It's a weird second installment. I did really like the cliffhanger ending, though. It leaves the story wide open to an entertaining future for Victoria and for Malcolm. Some readers will want to pursue it.		Nevertheless, and sadly, at $2.99 each for four more 150 page books in the series, I'm not compelled to keep reading Club Luxe. Chances are the rest of the story will not live up to the intensity and uniqueness of book 1.  Darn it! The Club Luxe itself was an incredible, imaginative invention.
1,Where to begin?  I guess I'm astounded that this book received such high ratings. I'm guessing they're either from friends of the author, or from people who have very low expectations of what constitutes a well-written book.		The writing is childish and stilted.  The protagonist (Martha), who supposedly teaches Bible classes to kids, doesn't seem to know her Bible very well.  Worse yet, one of the main characters (Amanda - who's some kind of prophetess) doesn't know about lights in refrigerators or how to turn on an electric stove, yet she's able to use a computer.  What?!  Gimme a break!		Martha seems to be a very unlikely choice for God to select to get His word out.  She's intellectually-challenged, and yet she's supposed to spread His word and warn people of the End Times?  She asks or repeats the same questions ad nauseum, too, as if she's never read The Book of Revelation before now.  (Being a Bible teacher, shouldn't she have read all the way through the Bible at least once?)		I'd also like to know what references the author used to base this supposed "knowledge" on (and I don't mean The Holy Bible, but other resources).		Sorry, but this is a "Left Behind" wannabe that you might want to leave behind!  Good luck to anyone who makes it past the 5th chapter, because I sure couldn't!
1,The reason I picked up Hollywood Spank is because of the title. I did a combination groan and chuckle over it, and after reading the blurb about a big Hollywood actor who's into spanking, I thought this would be a nice little steamy BDSM erotic romance. Unfortunately, Hollywood Spank is ridiculous and not cute or naughty in regards to the romances I've read where there's a case of a dominant/submissive relationship between the two main characters. If an author is going to have BDSM as a main storyline, even with something as simple as spanking, they really should do some sort of research on the topic. I found none whatsoever in Hollywood Spank. And what's worse, the spanking wasn't titillating or sensual in any shape or form.		Andrea wants to be taken seriously as a reporter, but is a lowly secretary to an oily tabloid publisher. When she answers an ad for a personal assistant online she never thought it would be for leading man, Mark Cannon. Mark can't keep an assistant because one of the job requirements for the position is to be spanked by him. Why? There's really no reason given, other than he gets off on it. Andrea lies and says she has experience in BDSM and spanking. She's hired. Not only does she give Mark his coffee and pick up his dry cleaning, but she'll bend over, lifted her skirt and allow Mark to give her some bottom abuse. She finds out she enjoys it and soon Mark is falling for her. His spanking leads them to more intimate pursuits. But Mark has no idea about Andrea's job with the tabloid and her boss who lurks around expecting her to expose Mark with every tawdry detail of their relationship.		Even with my issues with the inane spanking, there was absolutely no sexual connection between Mark and Andrea. These two are dull together. I even yawned during one love scene. The sex was more than underwhelming, and because of that, I couldn't finish this sloppy and stale romance. This one was DOA (dead on arrival). An interesting concept that fails big time in the delivery.		Katiebabs
1,This book maybe good but I will never know. It is very poorly write. The author may have good ideas but the write is to hard to except. If you think you are a writer and are not, get help. This author may have great ideas but has really no writing ability. That is what this book needs is someone to teach the author how to write. way too wordy.
1,**Spoilers ahead**	This is a story of a young woman Spring who is being raised by her grandfather after being orphaned. She is taught to use a gun and knife and fend for herself. She meets the sheriff while dressed as a boy for safety sake. She has a fiery temper and an independent attitude. Her dream is to have a ranch.	Zeke is a single sheriff who would rather be a rancher. Supposedly mild mannered but throughout the book becomes more and more controlling and condescending. Often calling Spring brat, young lady and little girl. He had more of a "Daddy " feel than a HOH. He would send her to bed and tell her that she had to wear dresses instead of pants and he even forcibly drugs her so that she'll get some sleep. He also "punished" her at the worst possible times such as after proposing and after seeing their new home. Every punishment was extremely harsh and extensive. Never using just his hand but belts, brushes and wooden spoons and the aftercare was minimal at best.  What was so unbelievable was that this fiery woman would become a meek little girl after every punishment. That just doesn't bold well with her character.  Of course it has a HEA. This story is PG rated.
1,Chet cunningham weaves a very good story. A very enjoyable read with the exception of meditating problems. Typos can be found on almost every page, even those easily corrected by a simple spell check. Wolf pack publishing seems inept in their function as a publisher in assuring any level of quality.
1,Starts out OK or I wouldn't have bought it and goes downhill quickly once you pass the free sample.  It's a chicks with dicks book & I quickly stopped believing I was a reading a book about men.  The final straw was when one of the characters referred to a minor character who would be featured in a later book a slut.
1,A good story of misunderstandings and missed opportunities in the quest to find true love and belonging. In a world all alone.
1,I was looking for something light and fluffy to read, but this was just too much "fluff" for me. I just didn't care about the characters or what happened to them.
1,The exact same thing is available when you get the free Kindle App published by the church.  The app also includes the standard works (with footnotes, ability to highlight, make notes, and create links, etc), as well as all of the hymns, manuals, general conference talks, and magazines.  Did I mention that the app is FREE?  Just search the Kindle App store and find the app by "The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints."  Accept no substitutions--you won't be sorry!
1,This is the book for you if you're under 17 (or 15 maybe).  It doesn't deserve a star rather it deserves a "DO OVER."
1,I liked what I read in the first book and was very upset that this 10 book series was collections of short stories.  I would rather paid for a series of three books instead of little bits here and there.  I love Ms. Price's but the way the books were put together was like, I turn in chapter 1 to the publisher, then Chapter 2, and so on.  I liked the story line and that's the only reason I gave her a grade.  I've deleted them from my table.
1,I read a lot of books and very rarely do I leave a negative response. This book is so unbelievable it is amazing. ****spoiler **** our heroine goes on vacation, meets a guy has phenomenal sex and just never goes home. It turns out that our guy is a drug dealer. She turns up pregnant, gets a threat from her not quite ex, is required to do a drug run by her lovers bad guy bosses, does coke because  that's the only way she will get through the jungle... oh and the author take  time out of the dangerous trek through the jungle for them to have drug fueled sex... I never leave negative reviews but this book so disturbed me that I had to. On a positive note, the book was fairly well written and the sex scenes were good.
1,I just couldn't read this through.  I  am having a hard time believing it is a Loretta Chase book. It is not believably  written.  SPOILER ALERT:  It starts out good but then digresses to an unrealistic H to h duel, immediately jumping to a month later where the H and h are madly in love - the h proclaiming for her, it happened during a time when she was supposed to be drunk.  I recommend Loretta Chase as an author as I like her writing.  I do not recommend this book though.
1,This could have been a good story but it was seriously too short.  Way too many characters and not enough information to capture you to one set.  I read this in a couple of hours.  It was jumbled up and hard to keep track of who was speaking. Not including the area's of when events are taking placed, CONFUSING!		I loved the intensity, but as it built it was also just dropped and you are reading a different direction.  You can't really connect with one character because of it being all over the place.  Then BOOM, a whole new set of characters are added and you are left w/ a cliffhanger. Not my cup especially when I seen 13 books to this series.  Sorry too many for such short stories that are so unconnected.
1,It was an ok book. Had a hard time keeping my interest.
1,Many things made up that are not part of the traditional story of Santa, and some of them were dumb, like his Ipad and taking a nap on Christmas Eve.
1,This book is apparently the beginning of a series.  It reads more like a short story, and an incomplete one at that.  Not much depth to the characters, though  further development may be part of future books in the series.  I was not captivated by this book enough to read the rest of the series.  I also felt like an interesting plot idea was not presented in a plausible or realistic manner.  I've read  many books lately, that are far better than this one.  I wouldn't waste your time with this particular book.
1,This book was not what i was expecting,to me there is no sizzle in these books there were boring to me
1,Okay so here's the thing, this would be an amazing story IF she had focused on maybe 1-3 characters. There are entirely too many POVs here that it gets confusing and exhausting. I love a book that is realistic and parts of this had me feeling that. However, the majority of it I didn't believe. I felt like the characters were lying. I found myself extremely frustrated because the first four chapters were amazing, but then I felt like the author got lazy. Who drops a bombshell in the beginning of a story just to completely forget about those characters only mentioning them in passing? I was going to give this 3 stars but changed my mind after realized how disappointed I was in it. Do better.
1,I could not even bring myself to finish this book it was not the type of book i enjoy. so it may appeal to others.
1,I did not care forif.
1,The books themselves, -- at least the first book, was entertaining and lighthearted	but I will request a refund!  books two and three are virtually unreadable with	mixed up sentences and paragraphs.  Publisher needs to fix!!!
1,Avoid clicking on his "Free" spreadsheets as it's a trick that takes you to some website about sunbathing,
1,I am puzzled as to why this book had so many 5 star reviews.  I found it to be lacking in depth and I couldn't feel for JAde the main character, or her lover.  They all seems to be missing a something.  I wish I could express myself better.  I would not recommend them at all.  I read the first three because they came as a set.  I admit that I skipped parts because they didn't grab me.  I found the magic without foundation.  The world building was almost just an outline. In fact I'd say the characters were outlines and needed more details or history to make them really lovable.
1,It is strange how a book taking the reader through 3 dimensions of life can be classified by me as one dimensional and that one dimension is sex.		Had the author spent more time developing characters then having erotic sex, this could have been a good book?  The author does have skill and some areas were truly well written but then he loses his train of though and wrecks.		I would not recommend this book but that is my opinion.
1,I was confused some of the time. It took a while to start pulling the story together. Hopefully the next book will be better.
1,The premise of Under His Kilt is a female harassing her male colleague was inappropriate and offensive.	Author try another setting.
1,no thank you
1,This is just a shame.  A good story that was really ruined for me by the absolutely terrible editing.  Grammar mistakes, word choice errors, it was the worst editing of a professional book that I have ever seen.  The problems are so bad that sometimes they obscure what is going on in the story.  Really awful.  I think the book sellers should refund the money or send a corrected version out.  There is no excuse for this lack of professionalism.  Humans have brains that can tell whether the correct word is strafing or staffing; the publisher needs to employ them instead of some cheap crappy program from China that claims to do editing.
1,Such a lightweight book should not lay claim to Nostradamus.  One may not agree with the predictions in Nostradamus, but respect for the source would have made this a better book.  It was like a children's book version.
1,The story revolves too much around Rick's performance in his various porn scenes and not enough around the interaction between Connie and Rick. There is so much potential for the author to explore the growing relationship between them. Luke clearly went through the trouble of developing their complex personalities. Connie and Rick are very interesting characters who are both jaded. Yet, they still are desperately seeking love.	So, the direction that the author took with this book just doesn't make sense. The vast majority of it is comprised of Rick having sex with multiple women with whom he has no emotional connection too. Then, in just a few sentences, he laments that he misses having intimacy with a partner. It comes across as "too little too late". As I stated, this book is just not for me.
1,It was to surpe and whiney! I respect others enjoyed it, but it was meh... not worth the price I paid.
1,Story was OK. too much telling how things were rather than showing which left me outside the created worlds. Too much justification of why things were the way they were (things that needed to be in the authors head but not necessarily on the written page.). The writing did not create a smooth read and character development fell flat, I failed to connect with any of the characters enough to care about the outcome of the story.
1,Never finished book.
1,A little over the top with all the sex in a wrecked car and snow storm.
1,I got 78% of the way through the book and just couldn't stay interested. I found the writing to be clunky and cliched and the characters one-dimensional, rather dull, and not terribly believable. I found the action to be good sometimes, but leaden others.
1,This wasn't necessarily a bad book. I did finish it, so there's that. Nobody sang. Most of the author's song selections were pretty decent. I didn't feel like I was being manipulated to cry at every twist. And maybe with a bit of editing and a major overhaul of the main characters, it wouldn't be half as bad.		That being said, there's a scene near the end of this book where Tess, Norah's tequila enabler, gave a very succinct summary of what has happened thus far in the story.		That was 71% in. Which took me two days to get to.		I kinda wish I started this one at 71% and miss out on:		 Norah trying to seduce her best friend Josh in a party	 Norah falling in lust with Clint in the very same party	 Norah detailing the intricacies of her hair and make-up as she goes from this party to the next	 Norah name-dropping the designers of her clothes and shoes as well as those around her	 Norah getting fought over by Josh, Samuel and Clint by coming to blows against each other in different permutations (ie. Josh vs Clint, Clint vs Samuel)	 Norah, the most beautiful girl in the universe. An angel. A diamond. A badass because she goes to shooting ranges for fun. A sexy artist because she likes to paint her art with her naked body (imagine her covered in paint squirming this way and that over the canvass-covered floor). She's rich. She never gets fat even if she eats half the pizza in the world. She's perfect.		"I stared at my reflection in the huge Victorian bath mirror. With the softness of the dress and my long black hair slightly wet and flowing, I looked like I belonged in an English rose garden."		She may poop rainbows and shed pixie dust but I really had a hard time liking Norah from the first scene. I can see the effort to make her brazen and edgy but since everything was written from her POV she just came across self-centered and shallow. And since the story pretty much revolved around her, she definitely weighed Josh's, Clint's and Samuel's characters down, limiting their own depth as only relative to hers. As a narrator, she has a habit of spoon-feeding the reader what the other person is feeling at a specific scene which was really annoying.		It's strange because I think this book suffered from too many things happening and yet, since everything else was tied to Norah it still fell flat and one-note. Which makes for a very difficult read when you can't root for the heroine because even her supposed burdens were enviable and the leading men were more cardboard than swoon material.		Oh and this:		"Dinner was four courses, the first being a green salad with duck confit, caramelized apples and macadamia nuts with some kind of ginger vinaigrette. The second course was sand crab in a tiny puff pastry shell and the main was roasted rabbit with fig sauce. By dessert, I was completely stuffed and could only admire the chocolate mousse in the French vanilla cup."		Endless ramblings about the minutest details. Instead of devoting pages of the specifics of what Tess is wearing in Norah's party (one of five in this book I think, because these people are rich and that's ALL that rich people do, really) or the boring sex between Norah and Clint, I wish the details went to the actual foundations of Norah and Josh's friendship or Clint's personal and family issues (he seem to only have existed here to have sex with Norah) or Norah and Samuel's past beyond Singaporean Orchids. These are the things, I as a reader would be interested in. Not the dessert in party number 4, FFS.		It felt all fluff and circumstance, to be honest. The thin subplot of The Lappell even came off laughable because of the ambiguity of their "evil misdeeds". What exactly do they do? Did they manufacture a virus that can wipeout mankind? Are they the ones who post the snarkiest comments in imgur? Are they friendly with North Korea? What? There were a lot of editing issues as well, with flashbacks coming and going without preamble, typos and strange turns of phrases:		"My face pushed up against the glass window of the limo to peer out."		Whut?		This ended on a mysterious note, with someone apparently having some nefarious, hidden agenda leaving the conflict between Josh, Samuel and Clint open for the next book... yet I couldn't bring myself to give a flying duck.
1,Ah, rushed, bad writing.
1,I really wanted to like this book. The premise is good.  It's the kind of story I normally love.  Alpha male shrouded in mystery....  Beautiful heroine, with secrets of her own...However, there was no build up of the relationship between the H&h.  The author, I felt, jumped into a romantic/sexual relationship too fast. It wasn't believable for me.  The emails at the beginning were nice, but not nearly enough character development for me. Then they meet and bam! Sex. From there, the H&h never made a 'connection' for me.  It fell flat.  I bought all three books, and was sadly disappointed.
1,I can't believe I paid for this. There were so many typos and grammatical errors it wasn't even funny.  I didn't even finish it because the story line was so ridiculous. I camera crew comes into a public bathroom stall...really?
1,This book is a reheated mismash of elements from popular vampire series.  You've got your psychic girl who finally meets a guy whose mind she can't read, a vampire prophecy, a rapidly growing vampire baby, a caring and rich vampire family, elite vampire warriors, and a bad guy who thinks muggles -- I mean, humans -- should be ruled by vampires and has started a vampire civil war and so on and so on.  It's almost as if the author simply lifted her favorite elements from recent best-selling books.		Alexa is the psychic.  She grew up in a group home and doesn't have any real friends because her ability to read minds interferes with her relationships.  Her only meaningful relationship is with her dog, Tilly (later Tilly's devotion will receive a really sad and tragic reward).  This all changes when she meets the super-hot Ethan.  He takes her to swim with dolphins and helpfully relieves her of her virginity before he realizes that SHE IS THE ONE FORETOLD IN PROPHECY (dun dun dun).  Geez, why can't women ever meet a uncomplicated vampire.		Ethan cuts and runs, leaving Alexa to console herself with Tilly.  When she realizes that she is pregnant, she decides to give birth.  Fortunately, her parents left her a boatload of cash when they died, so she's able to quit her job and devote herself to being pregnant.  As it turns out her fetus is also psychic and they can communicate (in a development that angered me more than it should have, the fetus thinks in a lisp, sending thoughts like "wuv mommy."  Just . . . no).		When Chloe is a few months old, she begins crying all the time and Alexa takes her to a specialist.  This initiates a series of events that draws both of them into vampire danger and intrigue. The plot is strictly okay if you don't mind being able to easily predict what is going to happen. What really ruined this book for me was Alexa's self-absorption and obsession with Ethan.  A couple of examples:  Chloe is a super-growing vampire child, capable of aging months overnight.  Yet Alexa is so obsessed with Ethan that she will go days without spending time with Chloe.  We're supposed to believe that she was a selfless and caring mother for nine months, but now she suddenly doesn't care about missing Chloe's first words, first steps, her transition from toddlerhood to childhood, etc.  She goes overseas and just does Facetime to keep up with Chloe.  More disturbing, at least to me, was her total abandonment of her most faithful friend.  Tilly, her dog, actually risks her life in a selfless attempt to keep Chloe and Alexa safe.  In return, Alexa takes Tilly with her when she relocates, but just dumps her outside (and we're told explicitly told that she had never slept outside before) where she is alone and fed irregularly.  Then Tilly just vanishes from the story.		Alexa is so absorbed with her super-special lovefest with Ethan that she neglects all her other obligations.  Rather than honor her commitment to her dog and best friend and her obligation to be involved in her daughter's childhood, she gets caught up in the magic of private jets and amazing vampire sex.
1,Easy quick read.
1,Reading the "brief history" led me to avoid purchasing anything by the author.
1,I've read both the first and second installment of this book and both were very, very short.  There were typos and grammatical errors that also took away from the book but the length is the kicker because I read the full book in about 30 minutes. The author needs to do a better job of editing and instead of several VERY short books they need to be combined into one. It was just too rushed, too short, and too sloppy for my liking. The story line could have been ok but the way it was crammed together just didn't sit right with me.  I don't even recommend getting into this series of short teasers, if you like a nice long quality read this isn't for you.
1,This book was extremely difficult to get into. The writing didn't flow well and the characters came across as one dimensional. Liam was a decent guy, Kiera was an idiot. (More so than another well known Kiera from a different author) I kept pushing through hoping to find where she would eventually redeem herself, but at about 50% in, we are given another partial book and led to our book retailer to finish their story in not one more installment, but TWO! That's NOT a stand alone! I understand indie authors don't have the same resources a traditionally published author has, but editing goes a long way in a story. It probably would have helped with the flow, content and especially the incorrect word usage. The story wasn't horrible, but I won't be spending anymore time reading their story, even if they were free.
1,A very basic story... The normal " street" lifestyle... I could not even finish the book. Slow reading with No build up at all. How does a person throw up ... In the next stinky breath kiss a woman's hand.... Exactly...that is what we are dealing with in this book.
1,Namiko, has got to be the weakest and most confused female I've read about in a long time. Max was to patient for me. I found myself skipping pages because the pace was entirely too slow, and it started to bore me. Hopeful that part 2 is better.
1,If I had to pay good money for this badly-researched, poorly-edited mess, I would have been quite upset.		As it is, I only wasted an hour of my life.		The Bad:		Anachronism - the dialogue was atrociously anachronistic, even if you take into account the fact that this book was written for light entertainment. The characters also behaved in a manner that wasn't true to the period. It IS possible to write engaging fiction within the confines of period conventions--plenty of authors have done so. Do some research!		Language - oh the adverb abuse! Every verb was preceded by an adverb, every action smothered by an adjective. Open any book on writing, ANY book, and it will advise the aspiring author to avoid adverbs. And with good reason. They are lazy, amateurish and ineffective.  Honestly, I've read fanfiction written with more subtlety and technique than this.		Anticlimatic - the sex scene, which was supposed to be a high point in the story, was pretty feeble.		Predictable - the characters are clichs and nothing interesting happens, even for a novella.		The Somewhat Okay:		There is some tension between the protagonists.		Overall: If you are a regular reader of historical romance, or if you have any respect for good writing, you will not enjoy this book.
1,I have enjoyed many novels with the BDSM themes but not this one.  All he did was whip her.  There didn't seem to be much romance anywhere and the ending was just weak.  I will not be purchasing more from this author.  I am only writing a review because I want others who don't like a steady diet of whipping, and not much romance, to beware.
1,Story all over the place. No editing or research involved. Crossover of time periods. I could go on but l won't.	1 1/2 * for the paper and ink used...1/2* for the story.
1,I found this short book to be too boring to finish.  Even the tie into Pride and Prejudice wasn't enough to induce me.		The heroine wasn't exactly a gold-digger but was coming very close to the line.  She didn't want to marry to begin with but her parents were insisting, and her mother insisted the man reside within a certain radius of the family home.  This 'charming' family spend an afternoon making a list of eligible neighbors.		The arrival of one of their sons and his former tutor sets the stage.  The heroine has grown up and has a large dowry, and the former tutor has inherited property.  He now is on the same social footing as the heroine.		She says she cares nothing about marrying for love; she just wants to marry local and someone of her status.  She wants to be able to visit her childhood home frequently -- as though she had never left - and to be able to sit and sketch all day.		I found the heroine to be a snob, mercenary and ghoulish.  She adds the name of a neighbor the same morning his wife dies.  His estate is beautiful and just down the road -- she says she is merely being practical.  Ugh.		The hero is quite taken with her looks and her supposedly playful personality.  From what I read she didn't have that sort of disposition.
1,Good story, not one of her best but interesting.
1,Not up to Jodi's usual quality
1,kristen ashley needs to take a break, she is pouring out books of very low quality. the self referencing...sad. ally's story did not need to be told, there was no charisma between ren and her.
1,This "author" is very fond of Italian dressing because she has several versions of it she copied off the food.com site. She uses dry mixes, has ripped off several recipes for dry mixes and even uses bottled Italian dressing to fill out the title's requirements.		Want more than 30?  Do a search on the Internet food recipe site for Italian Salad and you'll get 2,875 recipes with the full sized pictures and more understandable directions that don't start with "First of all," followed by "Then" at each subsequent direction.		And "tamalita62" shows up in each of the fake lists of credits to make this book seem legitimate.		I would not be surprised to discover there's a single lazy cut and paste and crop-the-pictures guy behind ALL these rip off recipe books because the words keep repeating and repeating and repeating. I bet the food does too.  :)
1,I just gave up reading it. The author doesn't really let you get attached to the characters. This is the main reason why I gravitate to female authors as men are logical writers and women write with emotion. The storyline isn't believable and I just coudnt stop my eye rolls. I kept waiting for it to get better and I was bored.
1,Short story with stereotype characters and no plot....but short and quick matinee!  Not much else to say about this little story
1,Returned this item because it was a total waste of 99 cents.  It's more of a sexual encounter epilogue between Olivia and her husbands or maybe a left out VERY short chapter of HIDDEN DEPTHS.  Did not really add anything to the previous book.		It's not a horrible read but why pay ANY money for a short chapter that could or should have been included in another book?		Don't do like I did and not pay attention to the fact that this is only 46 pages long and waste your money.
1,It was okay, but I wasn't particularly impressed with it.  Not one of those stories that you "can't put down".
1,I got sucked into this book by getting it free for the (1st Book)??  You do mean Chapter..bought the second chapter..37 pages..I don't mind the 1st one being small, but the just keep getting shorter...Folks the book? might be interesting; but I refuse to keep buying by the chapter! Sorry...Makes me wonder how many chapters will there be? This book is now on its 5th Chapter.  Most books with shorter chapters can run up to 20 or 30 chapters in them...so..what are you paying in the long run...$20 or $30..no thank you..I am writing this to warn you...Don't start unless you not mind the cost!
1,Weakest in the series so far. A singular story never really gels together. Instead, there were many long stretches of unnecessary detail regarding how some new technical obstacle in space was overcome. Additionally, having the same characters coincidentally in the middle of the most significant events in human history starts to strain internal credulity after a while, even more so in this chapter because the characters are all apart when such events occur. Throughout the book I found myself questioning how such coincidence was possible in a galaxy of billions and billions of humans. Other books with persistent characters avoid this problem by simply telling the story of the characters' experiences. Here, momentous events occur and the characters happen to be in the middle of them - time and time again. I've had a great run with this series but it's time to move along. It's OK, it was great while it lasted.
1,I didn't even finish reading this. This is short stories, each about a different brother. The first story about Chase was pretty good if you like witches and warlords, which I don't. But the next short story started off way too much like the first  one, the more I read the more bored I got.
1,I enjoy this author but not at this cost.  I have noticed several HB authors that think a short story is worth real money.  Is 60 pages a novella? There are a lot of competent complete books at this price range and my money will go to them.
1,I liked the idea of this book, but it just didn't live up.  The whole thing was too quick, too...forced.  Very little character building, even less world building.  I wasn't left with the desire to keep reading the series.
1,It's not Mommy Porn!
1,This book was riddled with plot problems. The primary one was Letty falling in love with Tate, who made her life a living hell through relentless bullying for four straight years in high school. And not mean comments on Facebook stuff, vicious things like taking her schoolbooks and lighting them on fire, followed by pushing her over a ledge with a truck. So I didn't buy it. It would have been a huge stretch for her to forgive him, much less fall in love with him. *SPOILER ALERT* He also "somehow" recorded them having sex. Pretty sure it's not possible to do that accidentally. The mob got involved with Tate's wrestling and steering his matches; he pocketed $500,000 from one thrown match. This is college wrestling, mind you. And finally, even though the timeline is two years post-high school, we don't know where the MCs have been during those two years. Apparently, the accident happened around high school graduation, and Letty needed a lot of recuperation time, but there was nothing about Tate and those two years. Tate and Stanford was mentioned and then there he was, scaring Letty at whatever school they were at.		The extreme level of bullying - attempted murder - I didn't feel was appropriate for romance and didn't really work.		The writing was very good, and editing and grammar were exceptional.		*ARC via netgalley*
1,Not my favorite from Lanyon. I loved the first book in this series.	But this second book further removed our main character from the action, and added more of a sub/dom flavor to their relationship which just turns me off. Disappointed.
1,Nope not going to say a word, except that maybe others may like it.
1,This book had too many story lines, too many repeating thoughts and too many random references without explanation. Like all of a sudden the two brothers are looking for an investigator who looks like Gray. Who is Gray? We don't find out it's their cousin for quite awhile,  but they keep mentioning it. Yet, at the same time, there are events and feelings that get repeated so much I wanted to scream. I finished it, but it was a chore.
1,SO COULDN'T FINISH. PREDICTABLE. CHILDISH.
1,Where to begin?		Plot. Unoriginal might be the kindest summary. Aliens invade. Humans are enslaved. Some eventually fight back. Others join the alien side. Of course most authors will add their original twists. Or create some fascinating characters. Or have really interesting aliens. Or something. Not here.		Characters. See above. Also, I would call them wooden, but that would suggest too much depth. Cardboard is closer.		Setting. LA. Where else? It gets destroyed. Maybe that's a plus.		Memorable aspect. Worst sex scene ever. Or maybe it's a rape scene. It's hard to tell because the heroine doesn't seem to know or care. Oh, did I mention unlikable heroine?		Reading this book is like watching a bad accident to see how it ends. My advice, keep driving.
1,Not one of his best, it drags on and frankly gets boring in places, I wouln`t read it again, but if your a fan it's OK.
1,I couldn't get past the first few pages.  During the first few pages I came across material that I did not agree with, morally. Good thing it was free.
1,The story was pretty good, although predictable.	The author needs to get a good editor; one that knows standard English grammar.  "Don't got time to talk,"  a character says.  However, that character had been portrayed as well educated, so I'll add that grammar gaff to these by the author.	1.  Missing words.	2.  Poor syntax within sentences, or what were presented as sentences.	3.  Poor paragraph structure.	4. Then and than are not interchangeable.	5.  Object and subject pronouns are not interchangeable.		I'll need to see the editor given credit along with the author before I spend my time or money on Ms. Kyle's books.
1,This was a short quick read that I found was too short. Jenna Adair doesn't realize that she's being watched from the shadows. As the street grows deserted and dark, a silent figure approaches the house to ring the bell one last time. While the idea of this book was good I just felt that it was a lot missing in it. I also felt that the book was short than 54 pages. The book was written well with nor errors in spelling or grammar.
1,I really didn't get all the emailing back and forward why couldn't it just be a straight forward story it was too much detail from one friend to another and it just was not very realistic to tell a so called friend so much details of your in love with this man just kinda confusing
1,I realize that writing a book takes a great deal of effort and I admire anyone that accomplishes that.  However, I struggled with this book - starting and stopping several times and eventually got through half of it over the course of a few months.  I tried but couldn't get into the characters at all - he was arrogant and distant and she was prickly and difficult - I wouldn't have wasted my time with her.  I do however give the author an A+ for her sizzling hot sex scenes!
1,Perhaps it's the fact that I'm not Catholic, and know very little about the practice of Catholic Confessions, but if this book was intended to be funny... I just didn't get it.		Aside from that, the writing style was challenging to get past. The dialog between characters blended from one sentence in a chapter to the next. I highly recommend the author research writing dialog and edit the manuscript. I would also recommend interspersing some descriptive language to indicate what the characters are doing, wearing, expressing on their faces, etc.		I'm no expert, so take my review with a grain of salt. Or, just tell me to go to hell... I won't be offended.
1,Meh
1,tiring
1,First of all, this isn't a book. It's a chapter. It has a ridiculous plot, unbelievable characters, and terrible grammar and punctuation. Half the time someone was speaking, there were no quotation marks. Plot in a nutshell: gay man(who came out to his wife) goes to live at his brother's house. Brother has two roommates a bitchy woman and her meek boyfriend (you can see where this is going ...) She turns out to have a secret wife on the side. Needless to say, that was as far as I got. Don't waste your time. At least it was a free download that I won't mind deleting.
1,This is just another ho hum, soft ball interview.  There is nothing new in it. As is normal for President Obama he expresses some good ideas with no hint of a suggestion on HOW to accomplish  them.  That is what is important and where so many disagreements occur, the execution of those ideas.
1,This is the last book I would recommend in it's current state.  It is poorly thought out; full of typos; and, generally not anywhere near ready to be published.  I found the content could be very interesting and thought-provoking if presented in a professional manner.  This book needs work!  I would very much like to read a finished product.
1,dnf, Kat seemed selfish and juvinile.  Then I looked at the other book and saw that she is back on tour and that ruined it for me, do not like star centered books. The writing style did not appeal but the book was free so it does not matter, maybe I will pick up the book again later when I am in a mood for selfish DIVAS WHO DID NOT visit their mother for three years, who could not stop their selfish lifestyle, but then I like me heroines a bit more grounded and real. Now the search begins again for another author and another story that I will not roll my eyes at.
1,I read the first chapter. By the second chapter, I suspected the story had nothing to do with a Cinderella Romance.  By the 3rd chapter, it was a fact. So I didn't bother finishing the book.
1,The charming band cutesy narrative utterly loses its innocence and unique humor (for the most part) and ends without a sense of resolution.  Carroll's word choice remains repetitive.  Stick to the first ones.		It's goofy but ultimately fails at everything Rojuun and Anilyia built up.  Sorry, Carroll.  Harsh, I know, but I love your writing.
1,Right off the bat the title of the book is misleading.  Clean eating and metabolism boosting meals; so the recipes provided should be both metabolism boosting and clean eating.  That is not what the book is however; instead, the book is two separate diets.  No where in the book does it describe how the authors are qualified to offer either diet.  I am also skeptical of a "diet" when the authors say to go ahead and adjust the recipes to your own personal tastes and preferences.  That kind of goes against what a diet is.		The clean eating recipes are not particularly original and have been featured in other clean eating recipe books.  The metabolism diet section is word-for-word the same as another metabolism diet book including the poor grammar and spelling.  The clean eating section sounds nothing like the metabolism section and I doubt either author is actually the original author of either.  The metabolism diet does not center around specific foods designed to boost metabolism but instead features lean meat and non-starchy vegetables.  These really have no special metabolism properties unlike some super foods that actually boost your metabolism by burning more calories than they provide.  The book is also contradictory providing a list of foods to avoid but than saying that some of the foods on the avoid list would actually boost your metabolism.  The authors also claim that eating food to get energy is a sufficient way to boost your metabolism.		I received the book for free in exchange for an honest review.
1,I'm astounded by all the five star reviews for this book. How did that happen? I don't know, but that's not how I would rate this book. It's really not five star calibre. Overall the book is badly written and some of the 'facts' are just plain wrong. Here are a few examples from the book.		"Bees don't catch other insects to eat or feed to their young and therefore, aren't anything like wasps." Evident nonsense - they're closely related.		"You might even say that [dragonflies] can do acrobats in the air..."		Grasshoppers "can leap some 200 times their own length..." - assuming a grasshopper is a couple of inches long, that would mean it could jump over 30 feet. She's added an extra zero.		The book also contains the usual misinformation about differences between moths and butterflies - none of the means she lists is entirely reliable.		Spiders eat insects "which helps to keep the number of insects to a minimum". This is so silly it's almost funny.		"A spider has eight legs, no antennae, and its body is divided into three parts. Insects have six legs, antennae and their body is divided into two parts. Therefore, a spider is not an insect." She's got the numbers of body parts the wrong way round, as she could see for herself if she looked.		Wasps "can be very useful creatures. They feed insects that can do serious harm to different garden and food plants to their young." Clumsy writing.		At best you could describe much of the book's content as being 'lies to children' - a lot of simplifications that aren't actually entirely true but may help the child make more sense of its world. But why not just give your children the real facts about bugs instead of filling their heads with rubbish like this?
1,The author has a way of making you feel the emotions between characters. I liked the story line. It was a little weird that the Elena's sexual relationship was so similar to her father's description of his sexual escapades in the previous books; especially when Elena was a child in just the book before and comes across pedophilic. However, I had to look so many words up to find their meaning!!. I am an educated woman and like to learn new words, maybe having to look up 5 definitions in a book. I had to look up 3 times that in just one of these books which takes away from the story line. I was also disappointed with the adjectives used to describe the sex. If I have to read the word "prick" one more time...no one uses that word for cock. The thesaurus should have been used for those terms instead of all the other unnecessary words thrown in like using big words from the thesaurus would contribute instead of detract from the reading. Also simply using "deeper" to describe penetration would have been better than the overuse of "high up in her"; which sounds gross and primitive. "High" does not describe penetration and "up in" a vagina is gross which takes away from the "romance" of the novel. The mundane sexual terminology directly conflicts with the overuse of advanced collegiate adjectives being used. Also, the editor needs to work harder to make sure the sentences are correct without repetition of phrases within the same line and the missing pronouns as well. This could be a great read with these corrections.
1,Very brief. The story needed to be fleshed out more. Really never got to know the characters. I was disappointed and wanted to know more.
1,I'm sorry--I'm apologizing to the author--I don't like to give bad reviews but i only got about 1/3 of the way through and couldn't finish. This novella was confusing because I got bombarded with characters right away. I didn't see anything particularly funny about this book and I love romantic comedies. I do realize, though, that not everybody has the same sense of humor.		I can't recommended this book.
1,Star Trek authors really do love their frame stories. There are far more of them then necessary in Trek-lit and this one offers up the most unnecessary frame story ever. We get a chapter of Picard and Crusher showing their wedding hologram to Worf and Geordi on their anniversary. There's some overly stiff and formal dialogue from Geordi and Worf before Crusher and Picard throw knowing nods to each other. We never come back to the "present" at the end of the tale which makes the frame seem... odd, even out of place. The siff dialogue continues throughout the piece, save for Q who Mr. Josephs does a decent job with. The biggest issue with this tale is how utterly unfun it is. Picard and Crusher don't seem thrilled to be getting married, their preparations seem solemn, in that context, Q's antics make sense because these people are not happy. The mission that they set out on in is one-dimensional and way too A-to-B-to-C. Vash appears to be setup as a foil but she dissolves into milquetoast friend quickly, sapping any relationship drama from the tale. I'm not a continuity hound, but this tale really doesn't align with any of the facts of Jean-Luc and Beverly's marriage established in "Greater than the Sum" by Christopher L. Bennett. Guinan does not officiate, Wesley does not attend, Geordi and Worf both attest to be at the wedding despite being shown to be oblivious to the ceremony. While there is a minor cop-out to this at the end, it felt like needless changes to make the first marriage ceremony as boring as possible. There are also a few minor mistakes in terms of Beverly and Jean-Luc knowing Lady Q and some of the continuity about Q is off. They could be easily ignored, but considering this story is supposed to be set not long after "Q&A" it seems strange how poorly it lines up. Ultimately this a story that didn't need to be told, and for it to be told so weakly and stiffly really lowers it in my estimation. Unless you're completist, this is an easy one to skip. I wouldn't go so far as to call it "fan fiction" as Mr. Jospehs has written for Trek before, but it does read closer to a Young Adult novel - Mr. Josephs' ovuere.
1,Events were good but the political views of the SS tankers were offensive.
1,This book is nothing like what I have come to expect from Stephanie Brother. I have read several novels by Stephanie, and when I read this one, all I can seem to think is, "Who in the world wrote this? There is no way this is Stephanie's work."		This is unfeeling and just bland. It all read out more like a teenager's diary entry than a romance novel.		I love Stephanie Brother as a writer, but this is not something I can recommend.
1,Not the best book I've ever read but not the worst book either.  It didn't really keep me interested I put it down and forgot about it for a few weeks then picked it up and finished it just to finish it. It was very unrealistic. The main characters were not developed and that did not help the book. Lots of mentioned side themes that I expected to be explorered but wasn't. I think I got this book for free or I would have been mad I paid for it.
1,Erotica is a huge genre but its sad when graphic sex over shadows a great story. I was hoping for more in this book when it came to the emotional side of this story but it's sad that it was lacking, yes sex always makes a love story better especially if they are making love but in this case it didn't feel like that. Felt ore like a midlife crisis and daddy fantasies. Also another thing i don't like is a cliff hanger. I appreciate authors who warn readers of this.  Hate getting to the end and find the story doesn't end. It doesn't inspire me to read the next book, and the boss doesn't inspire me to get the next one.
1,This was quite a long book that covered a lot of ground and was quite well written and had a interesting story which was quite ok I guess but I didn't really like the book much at all. The problem was the story was told from the point of the husband and he was kind of a really wimpy and rather one dimensional guy. For a guy who was supposed to be a high powered lawyer he came across as a real idiot to me who seemed stupidly happy no matter what happened and that kind of ruined the book as he really didn't seem to care about his wife at all. I prefer stories where the characters have a bit of backbone and show that they care about what's happening around them with actions rather then introspective navel gazing and snivelling agreement to everything. It hard to like a book when the guy narrating the story is kind of annoying.
1,I am going to stop the bleeding.  The 1st book/part cost me .99 for 81 pages.  The second book/part cost .99 for even less pages, 79 pages and this 3rd book/part cost even more for less, $2.99 for 56 pages.  At almost $5.00 for 216 pages.  I normally pay between. 99 and 2.99 for the ebooks I read and they are usually 300 plus pages.  I cannot remember the last time I spent $5.00 for an ebook and have never spent that much for only parts of a story.		 I thought at least this would be the final part of the book but I was wrong.  It again just ended, without any resolution and notice that part 4 of the story would be coming out in the future. If I kept buying and reading these book parts and there is even two more, then I could be paying another $6.00 to finish the while story, $11.00 total.  For me that is crazy.  I cannot blame anyone but myself because I bought the first three parts of the story.  I know the recent trend for authors to sell only parts or sections of a story or book at a time to get as much money as possible.  It is greed and I will not give into it again.		Regarding the book itself, while it would have gotten three stars as opposed to one if based on the content alone, it was not that good.  I did not respect or like the characters. The more parts of the story I read, the more I disliked Edgar/Luke/Hansel mainly due to how he treats Leah/Gretel as well as other people in his life.  He treats Gretel poorly and blows hot and cold with her.  The fact that he had a bad childhood is no excuse, he is an adult now.  Other people have traumatic childhoods but do not treat other people like dirt, using it as an excuse to be a jack__.  His excuse is that he does not deserve her.  That would make him the stereotypical misunderstood tortured jerk manhoe, which has been done ad nauseam in romance books and I am sick of.		I have no respect for Leah.  She is a dishrag. She allowed Edgar to treat her like something underneath his shoe.  Also she continues to chase him, no matter how many times he rejects  her or is mean to her.  Where is her pride?  Apparently she has none.  Also in this part of the story the author decided to give Leah more of a past.  Now we find out that Leah is a recovering addict.  It seemed to come out of nowhere. I am assuming it was added to make her less Pollyanna  Speaking about which while Edgar has slept with everything that has moved since having sex with Leah as a teenager, she has not.  It is implied that she has never slept with anyone else or if she has it has been a very long time. She has been pining for Edgar and looking for him since she was parted from him.  Again another thing used in romance stories ad nauseam and something that irritates me - the heroine waits for the hero to have sex again, no matter how long the separation while he bangs everything he can, claiming that he is attempting to forget about her.
1,I really hate these books you authors call cliffhangers.  You write a story that say nothing and to read the next part it costs.
1,I read all three books and they were entertaining but very slow to develop.  Once you get where your being led you not suprised.  I lost Intrest several times and had to leave it and come back.  The good new is that it was no charge.  I guess you get what you pay for
1,So, ok. I know people want to make money. What better way than to break up your story into small bits and sell it off for more money than it's really worth? I hope I'm wrong about that and that each part is priced accordingly and the whole doesn't add up to more than five dollars. It really can't be worth more than that no matter what is given in the next installments. I'd actually pay more for a complete book or a well written short than I will for a broken up story. I won't be buying the rest of this on principle.		End my distaste if serialized stories.		On the actual story, I'm a little conflicted. I liked the premise and the climax of the story. It was well enough written, just a few editing issues and I've got to say it was cut at the point you'd expect it to be. I could see where when you put it all together this would be good to read.		On the other hand, I didn't like the actual characters, they're a bit typical and yet a little annoying. I wouldn't want to know them. It was a bit slow in the beginning, especially when you know exactly where the story is going. It was wholly predictable. This isn't the bad thing, but rather nothing is done to make it pop. The heat was hot, but a little abrupt when you get to it. I think I like a little more intrigue when you're giving me (or attempting to give) a full story. This would have been ok if it were just a short story, but alas, it is not.		I'd love to love this story, but for me, the good doesn't outweigh the bad. Perhaps, once the complete story is released and I can get it all at once, I'll change my mind. but for now, the story is a bucket of cold water.		And we've all just been doused.
1,Not worth the time
1,This author has promise but this is like a first book attempt. The action scenes are good the battle scenes are great. The science is mostly black box & magic. The plot weak in spots. The names for characters were awful. If this author can improves the bad thing I will give him another chance.
1,After 4-5 pages, I could no longer stand the misspelling, wrong usage of pleural or non pleural words in the sentence structure.  The storyline was destroyed!  I am going to get my money back
1,Where do I start?	The author spends no time on developing any of the characters.	The entire premise of the book is far fetched even for a survivalist as myself.	It would appear very little research went into the book prior to it being written.	NOT BELIEVABLE!
1,I don't even know where to begin with this one ...		Slow start complete will an annoying lead female.		Sure it picked up and sure it even got a little interesting but there was so much wrong with everything in this book.		Chad Chad was beyond over the top annoying.  The whole Si and Lily thing was kind of creepy. And, I think I will just stop there.		I so ooo had looked forward to Lonnie's story but it was a serious let down.
1,This was truly horrible. These are the bad shifters that normal shifter books fight against. The " hero" kills women because they don't want him. He enjoys girls low self esteem. She was perfect for him because she had so little self worth she goes wandering with a guy she just meet, hears that it was a set up cause connor was bringing her to his freind, sees him turn, and still has sex with him in a nasty cavenext to a dead body.  It was so short i would have been upset except i was so happy it was over.
1,This book seemed really perverted to me. He called her baby girl, treated her like a child yet screwed her like a grown women..
1,Too many long drawn out sex scenes. This book was very generic. There wasn't any real drama. I would've liked to see more unfold with Scar and Que. What was the purpose of putting Tilly and Mar together? Too many unanswered questions!  I'm highly disappointed. Part one was a Banger but this book definitely seemed rushed!!
1,I found this book lacking. Does she want him or not? I understood what the author was going for, but for me it fell flat.
1,I didn't like this book from the beginning. I thought if I kept reading it had to get better,my mistake it did not....
1,This is about a 5 or so minute read - of the Kindle contents, about half of it is short story and the rest of it is a listing of the author's many books.  I really felt like I was reading the outline of a longer book vs. a real story, as there wasn't much space devoted to specific people or "stuff."  It was just there.  I picked this up for free during a Kindle promotion, and glad I didn't pay any money for it.  If they ever do start charging for it, I would give this one a wide pass.
1,Very immature, to say the least. The story line would have been better, if those two brothers had some balls. Navy seals, come on, they would have more backbone to confront one another. Instead they sounded like some immature 10 year olds. The story line was unbelievable.
1,I've read otherbooks by Julie Klassen and have enjoyed them as light, fun clean reads. This one however was quite disappointing. The storyline and characters were silly and annoying. It was work to get through
1,I actually really liked this book up until about the half way mark. Maybe a little before half.		Right up until they part ways for SEVEN years! I am NOT a big fan of time jump like that. Typically when it does happen the characters are the same as they were in the beginning which to me is crazy considering so much time has passed. Wouldn't they be just a LITTLE different. I do give credit to this author for the character growth.		I loved Cole from the very start and his relationship with Erica was always relaxed and playful. Holden's death brings them even closer than ever.  They were able to help each other keep it together.		Cole takes Erica on a trip with him and they spend the summer going from one adventure to the next. This is where I would have liked to stretch out the book, get all the details on their adventures and end with a BANG. Only it didn't end up that way.		After the point Cole joins the military, for a completely ridiculous reason, I nearly stopped reading.		I found myself just skimming the pages for major details and ignoring the drawn out inner dialogues. I basically finished wanting to see what happened between them.		Overall, it was an ok book.
1,I have waited for more than a year to post a review for this series. If I could put a negative minus sign in front of the stars this would be a -5 star rating. I was recovering from a long illness and knew nothing about indie authors and or publishing. I read the 'jacket' about the book and gave it a try. Then I tried again with the second book and the third. I was really, really trying to give this author and story a good chance. Big mistake. This,was,a case of throwing anything that would catch your eye, such as saber toothed tigers, lost valleys, Alaska and much more into a big pot and then stirring once and seving the whole mess as a trilogy. There is an insubstantial plot with characters that seem interesting but are then never developed, tension insufficiently built that leads nowhere and in the end a tacky quick rollup that I think is supposed to make you think that everyone, Eskimos, animals and minerals get some money or whatever and I, the reader, is supposed to think that was,a swell deal. I want to be fair and I tried really hard to find a good thing to say but the only thing I can say is this made the writer some money so somebody got something out of this. Not the reader though.
1,Kindle Unlimited...that was a mystery? a comedy? romantic?		Books to avoid:	The Merlon Murders 1 2 (2 part mystery):	 A Duncan Dewar Mystery of Murder and Romantic Suspense 1/2 {2 parts, Merlon Murders} 3 4 5 6 7 and any after and any more by writer
1,It seems like most of the story was in the heroine's head having all these wild thoughts regarding the hero and then treating him like a disease!  She just protested too much.  The whole first part of the book, till I quit reading, was her fighting her feelings for the hero.  Obviously he is a rich guy and she is painting him with the same brush she painted her father - he left her mother as soon as she became pregnant. He was a rich playboy. I just got tired of her and quit reading.  I don't mind the couple having issues and working thru them but she was just a bit too much and you have to wonder if a guy would really spend that much time having the girl put him down, etc. for so long.  I didn't like what I read.
1,Not sure it it won't load for me. I'm sure I  will enjoy it once I get to read it! As I have read Pelican Pointe.
1,I suppose for 99 cents I cannot complain, however, this book reads like a kids novel written for children. In fact, that is what I recommend. The sentence structure was unbeliveable. I am hoping this was a first effort by the author.
1,Not well-written!
1,Weak
1,Let me just say I love a great mystery but damn could it be more here's characters like them but they have a past I won't let u know what it is.i had to go to the end to the beginning to even get the feel of a character.it wad just bad not worth the read I had zero patience for this book.
1,I really enjoy sports romance.  I was pretty upset that the story was based on political views.  The story really didn't pick up until 1/2 way through it.  Honestly I wanted to just scream.  I get it, really get it about all the issues w/ fracking, but literally people who r dead set against it than ride a horse instead of driving a car.  Sorry I get frustrated w/ people who have strong opinions but still utilize the fuels.  The story wasn't a complete bomb but there were errors in the text, and the first half was blah.
1,I borrowed this through Kindle Unlimited because I like spy novels & the premise of this sounded interesting.  BUT, I have no idea how so many people gave this 4 & 5 stars.  The writing is confusing at times & there's too many editing errors.	Kassie is a twit & STTL and the ending is too abrupt.  I'm not interested in wasting any more time on the other books.
1,I got this book because it was supposed to be a comedy. It wasn't I didn't finish reading it because it was one of those books that was to busy. It's like being on a freeway with too much traffic. This book might be good to others but not me I had no laugh out loud in this book.
1,WOW, I FREAKIN HAAAATE THIS BOOK!!! I'm sure I'm the odd man out on hating this book with all the glowing reviews that it's gotten so far.  First of all how can I possible rate a book without giving spoilers so this review is going to be filled with it.  Stop if you don't want to know.		1. How can you accept your parent engaging you to someone and going along with it.  I guess maybe because I'm not rich so I don't know that they handle it with a little more decorum, but I'm assuming a 21st century person who is 28 and has a lot of money would say "f this". However, he didn't, at one point he was going to go along with the engagement and decided to go away with his "fiancee" to somewhere, but the author never said where they went or why.  He gave excuses for 3 days of the reasons why he couldn't have sex with her and that was that.	2. Again because this is the 21st century if Rebecca's ex-fiance was cheating on her and it was splashed in the tabloids that he cheated on her and that he was also now engaged to his co-star; how is that her mother never found out?  Does she live in a cave?  Supposedly the news was splashed on celebrity gossip rags and I'm assuming on t.v., but yet her mother never finds out.	3. His father was this awesome great guy that is nice and whatever in an understated way, but yet at the end when he tells his father that he's not going to marry his fiancee he threatens him with disinheriting him. If he's such a great father/person why is he being such a d***? Besides that at the very end when the father calls him as he's on his way to the airport to stop Rebecca from leaving, his father screams into the phone saying that he's trying to help him not make a mistake like he did with his mother.		Ok so there is so many more things about this book that is awful, but I'm going to stop there.  One thing that I seriously hate what authors do, like this author in particular, is that they purposely play the mis-communication card.  The whole entire story is a huge big fat mis-communication.  Rebecca refuses to tell her mother about her ex-fiance cheating on her so then he comes to New York and creates drama. That could've been solved by her telling her mother how he broke her heart by cheating and she would've stuck up for her and made him feel like s***.	The H (whatever his name is now) can't/won't tell Rebecca that he broke off the engagement.  He sent her to the jewelry store to pick out the engagement ring for his "fiancee" which happens to be for her.  And this is the WHOLE FREAKIN BOOK!!!!! Big fat mis-communication over and over and over again that was so frustrating to read. Whatever, anyway, I didn't like the H or the h's character whatsoever.  Especially the H.  He came off extremely childish and not alpha in anyway. Yes it's a total spin-off from Fifty Shades of Grey, but even Christian came off alpha-ish. This character just came off as someone who shouldn't be 28, maybe 17 or 18 the most.  She was a little bit more tolerable, but eh...		On another note, why is it that these authors now a day are on this quest to break up all of their books into trilogies or series?  I am extremely stumped.  Just because it works in some stories doesn't mean that it always works, like in this book in particular.  A lot of the time I go out of my way to not read certain books if they're series.  I know they do it for the money, but wow evil much?		So this is my review and this is what I thought of this book, if you don't like it, too bad.
1,Not what I expected. Silly
1,Not the best I've read
1,Not very good and for a younger crowd.  Most mothers probably wouldn't like this book because the motherhood aspect is a little messed up.
1,This book is a joke disguised as a "hot" erotic romance.  The sex scenes are the main attraction of the plot; remove them and the rest of the story disintegrates with uninteresting characters doing unrealistic situations.  No character development, no depth of personality, plot moves in a disjointed fashion, no real substance.  The sex scenes are boring, repetitive and as mechanical as a porno site.  I don't understand how 70% of reviewers gave a five star rating!!  I've read books that I wanted to give MORE than five stars.  This is the first book I want to give MINUS one star.  Save your money, folks.  Look elsewhere for a good read.  One Star.
1,This is a short story with a Christmas theme. I haven't read any other books in this series which could be the reason I just couldn't connect with the characters. Parts of the story were okay but am sorry to say I wouldn't recommend it.
1,I bought this but don't remember reading it.... Hope you like it more than I did.  I will probably try again
1,Disappointing book although I liked the premise. The constant "head hopping" kept me confused as to who was talking. Grammatical errors. Long tedious beginning with no crime in sight. Gave up about 50 pages in.
1,I have typically enjoyed her short stories.  However, this one was hard to get through.  There were a couple of parts that made me laugh out loud.  Having said that, I will not re-read this book. I almost put it down but had to finish it just because I started it.  Oh well.  I'll try her next one.  Thank you for taking the time to write and try a new story line.
1,I did not like it.  I wanted more of a story, not just sex.  I will not buy any more of this series.
1,this started out intriguing, an interesting twist of a plot.	however, there was an issue that was so distracting I could not finish.	this 24 year old girl/ woman, Harper, in every chapter she interacts with Mason, she giggles with every other answer. every other question or statement she makes, she giggles. when ever other sentence is "I guess so", she giggles. "I don't know" she giggled. "I guess I never that about it like that" she giggled when she answered. this was in two short paragraphs.	Number one 1) giggling is for little girls or idiot fake women trying to be cute.	2) can we choose another word, say chuckled. or amusingly, or amused. hey, what about the standard laugh?	3) mason is older than her, an experienced hot man who owns a major business. yet he is deeply attracted to this part time student who giggles, with no real personality. when asked what she looked for in a man- "nice, a gentleman who's is a bit of a bad boy" she ..you guessed it, giggled. yet Mason is pleased with her answer and praises her for it.	can we say depth here? yes lack of it.	overall the inane giggling overrode letting other issues slide.
1,This book was a complete disappointment. Very misleading and it glorified rape plain and simple. Not worth your time. Believe me.
1,Ok, so I picked this book up for one main reason: I love Paris. I lived there for a year during college and love the City of Lights. I always enjoy a good mystery and romance, so this book looked like it would be a perfect fit for me. Unfortunately, things didn't go so smoothly for me. It wasn't all bad; I was very curious as to where this mystery would lead Maya and what would happen to the artifacts discovered.		What I liked:	1. Paris--oh, how I adore you! Ms. Henry described places and food so well that I felt as if I were there. It brought up great memories of Paris, and I could easily visualize the surroundings.	2. Clues--it was a bit of a treasure hunt following the clues left behind to find the relic they sought. It had a bit of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/National-Treasure-Widescreen-Edition/dp/B00005JN5E/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">National Treasure (Widescreen Edition)</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Da-Vinci-Code-A-Novel-1/dp/B000FA675C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Da Vinci Code: A Novel: 1</a>&nbsp;feel to it.		What didn't work for me:	1. Awkward pacing--the story felt like it would come to an abrupt halt and then jerk forward. The sex scenes were thrown in at really weird spots.	2. Awkward romance--the romance that develops between Maya and Simon felt really weird. It didn't help that the sex scenes were thrown in as if it were filler so the story could be constituted as a romance. There was no romantic tension, no build up, and no anticipation.	3. Incorrect French--okay, so this is snooty of me and probably won't bother most people, but the French used was inconsistent and not always correct. Did she actually have a francophone look at her work?  Or did she just use an online translator? She did get some of the nuances, like when she mentions Simon says "oui" pronouncing it as "way." But other times, words weren't conjugated correctly, or accents missing.  The one that really made me laugh was when Simon was translating to English for Maya. Another character says "Notre-Dame-des-Anges." And Simon translates "Notre Dame of the Angles." Nice translation! Did he forget "Notre Dame" is French and means "Our Lady?"  I tried to let this one go, but as the story progressed it grated on me more and more. It would have been easier to ignore if it were at least consistent. Why do some words have the correct accents and not others?	4. Unbelievable aspects--I know, I know: this is a story about a secret society with a mystical artifact. I believed the "facts" regarding Mr. Marcel and Agnes, but when Maya started dreaming and reliving the life of the Black Nun in her dreams, I rolled my eyes. It just didn't seem to serve any purpose. And it didn't seem to fit into what they were looking for.	5. Villain--the villain had no conscience. How do you relate to a villain with no conscience? It would have benefited the story if the villain were somewhat believable when so much of the story had so many unbelievable things in it.		Obviously, I had some hang-ups about this story. I most enjoyed the Parisian scenery. The story was trying too hard to be&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Da-Vinci-Code/dp/0307474275/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Da Vinci Code</a>&nbsp;meets&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/National-Treasure-Widescreen-Edition/dp/B00005JN5E/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">National Treasure (Widescreen Edition)</a>&nbsp;but different. It tried too hard so that it didn't do much for me other than remind me of better works.
1,No plot. Trite. Just sex and a HEA.
1,Not sure what to say, but this book was way too slow of a read.
1,Some of the worst writing I've ever seen in my life!!!
1,Sorry but this is like a poor copy of House on Haunted Hill, or Agatha Christie or Clue.  With a passion for restaurants.  And bad humor when people are dying all around. Juvenile.
1,Stupid
1,I really like books that have a fast paced flow.  This novel was just very slow moving and I became bored from the beginning.  I did continue on for a few chapters and then quit to read the last few pages and epilogue (which I have only done once before).
1,Boring. I have a folder on my Kindle for books like these. It's called "Lackluster'.  Stories drone on and on and nothing much ever happens. All seem to be repeats of the same unoriginal theme. Sorry, for the bad review but I call them as I read them.
1,This was not for me at all. I tried but I was seriously annoyed with Lucy. She was spoiled, mean and selfish. I could not connect with this book or the characters and in the end this was a DNF.
1,This book started out rather interesting.  But the descriptions of everything became so elaborate, it actually became boring.  I could almost tell what was going to happen before it even did.  I will not be buying any more of this series.  Again, very disappointed in this series.
1,Not really a cat story or much of a mystery - sorry I wasted time and money on them
1,I've read all the books in the series and enjoyed them all. This book was good but I feel she should have told the whole story. It left too many unanswered questions and seemed rushed in the end. Vanessa Miller is a great author but this book falls short.
1,Shy girl and boy next door have known each other since childhood and have realized at the very same touch that they are in love.  The author hasn't missed one cliche including the sex scene.
1,Good story plot, incoherent writing. Interludes, really? Classic case of all tell and no show. Thin to transparent characters, teen dialog coming from the mouths of seasoned naval veterans, incomprehensible conclusion derived the thinnest of evidence, situations so contrived that it would be comedy (dont panic) if it wasn't trying to be serious sci-fi. Ultimately this is a just an outline for a possibly good story. The writer needs to bring characters to life, learn realistic dialog, think things trough logically, and most of all learn to show, not tell.		For a buck, I don't feel I was robbed or anything, and I encourage the author to keep trying. Very very few get it right the first time.	2.5 stars.
1,This is NOT a novel - just an unfinished story with no ending. A waste of time and the so-called cliffhanger isn't compelling enough for me to buy the rest of the story the author is obviously trying to sucker readers into buying.
1,Exactly the same story as all the other daddy-daughter short stories.  Girl wants to screw step-daddy, so he does it and it's the best sex she's ever had.  Yawn.
1,The theme for this book was good however the execution of the story did not work for me. I found the books little boring.	Also not worth the price of $5.99
1,I respect the author's desire to tell her story, but this was the oddest book.  There was so much repetition that it left the story disjointed. It was so weird I felt like I was in the book version of "Groundhog Day." She could have benefited from an editor. Janet is a beautiful woman and I'm glad she found her biological father, but hope she can get someone to help her issue a rewrite.
1,This book was confusing
1,I couldn't read all the stories.was really uncomfortable reading even the ones I did.this book will definitely be a deleted one.
1,I don't like leaving negative reviews but considering how much this book cost me and how ridiculous I found it to be, I thought I might at least save someone else their hard earned money. This book was silly to say the least. The woman starts growling, losing tons of weight as she sleeps but doesn't blink an eye that something isn't right. Then she acts like a total child to her mate. This just was not a good book, be forewarned
1,The wolf part of the story is really the only interesting part of this book and it makes up maybe 10% of the story.  The human side comes across to me like a 1950s serial, lots of corny dialog and fluff.  Near the beginning of the book the bad guy has been established as a murdering psychopath that wants to turn the main good guy's wife into a sex slave.  The good guy has the perfect opportunity to kill the bad guy but lets him go.  Crap like that just drives me crazy. Of coarse the bad guy goes on to kill and torture a bunch of people and just all around causes problems for the good guys.		Back to the main story line.  A bunch of scientist run off to this distant planet to escape the institute who is apparently running everything.  The planet started off as a resort planet but is now home to a bunch of anti-techonoly people living like it is medieval times but for some reason this resort planet has a very powerful planetary defense system capable of keeping the institute out.  One of the crew members was originally from this planet and convinced the rest to come here to hide but really he doing it because the captain is a long lost blood relative of the King.  The King's entire family just happens to have been killed and he is dying when they show up yeah so the majority of the book is the space captain proving to the local yokels he can handle being the new King all the while the bad guy is trying to take over.  Even as far as the free prime books go this is isn't very good.  If you can find anything else worth reading I suggest you do so.
1,Some interesting recipes that sound delicious.  Problem is the undefined or ambiguous measurements, such as "2 spoons" of this and "3 spoons" of that (what kind of spoons?),  or "you should have one glass of liquid left." (how big a glass?).
1,Stopped reading it after about 10 pages...it was overrun with gratuitous profanity...should have know from the description of the book I read before buying.
1,I don't think I would read anymore books by this author it was very confusing not at first but towards the middle it became confusing.
1,I am so mad right now I could throw my precious kindle across the room!. I checked everyday, multiple times a day to see if this book came out. I was so excited to find out more about jax and Lilys story like the blurb said, but instead we get a book all about Stella! I was so sick of hearing about how he was helping her have a wedding because she was sick and blah blah blah! Get the F over it jax! Wake up and see that she is a manipulating piece of S#*t! If you really loved Lily you would have never done what you did in the first place. The worst part was that lily kept letting him treat her like crap. She should have never been the consolation prize like the author wrote her to be. This was their story and the author ruined it for all of her devoted readers. Never again will I buy a book by ellie wade.
1,I'm a sucker for friends falling for each other so naturally when I found this, I had to read it. It has a good premise. It flowed pretty well. Kept my flipping through the pages. I, for the most part, liked the characters.		So here come the negatives. I didn't get a good sense of how well they all are friends, nor what the female characters do for a living. Matt had a great back story, so you immediately like him, but damn he was eratic, annoyingly so.		Spoiler		At the end, they all love each other and are getting married. Well that was quick. They didn't have the balls to mention anything in the two years they've known each other, but hey, let's get married after a month of having sex.		It's just not a great ending.
1,Just not what I was looking for.  May be good, but not for me.
1,it was free !!! Well worth the read. a bit rushed. editor must have skipped editing this one, But that is fine, the main is weak, and has no respect for herself. could not finish book, as I lost respect too.
1,I did not care for this book or the story line. It did not keep my attention at all.
1,I thought the story got a little rough, but that's Ms. Hughes style, so I should have expected it.  But what I really didn't like was the Afterword's explanation that Ms. Hughes had to set this series aside to finish a grander project, closer to her heart. . . .blah, blah, blah.  What was the reason the sequel to You Don't Know Jack was delayed?  Hard drive collapse?  What's next?  The dog ate my homework?  Really!  Seems like someone is having trouble finishing what she starts, and, perhaps after a while, readers won't really care.
1,I love quirky characters and snappy dialog with snark so I expected to enjoy this book.  However, it went too far into incomprehensible and I couldn't make it past 10%.
1,Dumb.  I've read all John's books.  Too many silly metaphors and an ridiculously stupid plot.  Sorry, John.  Wouldn't recommend this to anyone.
1,This started out as an intriguing story.  I'm about halfway through and, so far, the SEAL team commander has neem named Commander Whiteside, Commander Whitman, and Commander Whitlock.  Same guy!  That's just plain SLOPPY work for someone who wants to call herself a writer.  At the very least, she needs to hire a good proofreader, or, better yet, a good editor.  I also intensely dislike the total flush-left format.  I'm tired of having to backtrack to double-check  who is speaking.  A two-space indent isn't going to cost anyone and will make it easier for those who decide to read Ms. Riggs' books.  I won't be one of them.
1,Being that I love anything that says DAVID WEAVER PRESENTS I bought this book. But after reading it I was left dumbfounded. How did the sister go from being piss poor to purchasing a house. They went from sweet to gangsta in 2.2 seconds. And they were not hitting big licks so how were they purchasing 745's & Range Rovers. The ending also sucked. I hate to have to say it but I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone. It was to unreal.
1,I love Mexican food and cook it all the time.  I love finding new recipes and ways of doing things which is why I got this book.  After reading the first number of recipes in this book I was appalled.		Not only are the ingredient lists incorrect in many ways, the instructions are filled with grammatical errors and misuse of words.  For example you are instructed to "properly grind your garlic."  What is that?  In the instructions to fry onions, bell peppers and garlic, you are instructed to place it on the stove until it becomes "fluffy."  I can't recall in all my years of cooking seeing fluffy fried onions.		Sorry to be so harsh, but hiring someone to proofread and edit this book MIGHT make it worth getting ... but then again, probably not.
1,I usually like Lynn Red stories but this one fell flat. Something was missing and the plot and characters were disconnected and out of sync. Its as if there was a backstory to this and it was left off.  Too many questions never answered about characters past. Hopefully the next novel will be better. I received this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
1,This actually started off okay - up until the point where she faints and he feels his first attack of lust for her. It lacks romantic substance. The sex was far too copious and detailed for me... in fact that's what this relationship was about. Both James and Beth were forgettable characters. I skipped a lot and then finally quit reading it. On a useless side note, I give the author kudo's for the names of the dogs. They would have been more fitting for a gothic.
1,not to interesting for me
1,Nobody in today's world would stay married to a girl who got someone else's sonogram to say she was pregnant to get a marine to marry her and then at their wedding collapses from a reaction to birth control pills find out she was never pregnant that she lied and went out of her way to get him to marry her and then actually stay married to her. TO THE WRITER ITS 2015!!  THIS JUST WAS SO UNBELIEVABLE! THIS BOOK IS A WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY TOO UNREAL  NOT REMOTELY BELIEVABLE DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME!
1,How this ever got published is a mystery. It is sorely in need of an editor or proofreader or something. I desperately tried to get through it but decided my time was way more valuable than trying to read this dreadful book. I don't like writing such a review but maybe it will save someone else precious reading time.		The story was about a sheriff turned bounty hunter turned US marshal and may very well have been a good read had it not been for the writing. Amateurish doesn't begin to describe it. There is virtually no background to the main character; no descriptions of him, the area, nothing.		If you can overlook that and keep reading, words are capitalized that don't need to be. Sheriff Deputy, Wanted Poster, Lodge Pole Pine. Palomino is a color of a horse, not a proper noun. This may sound trivial but when trying to read a story, it's distracting. Quotation marks were often missing or used incorrectly. One of the bad guys was referred to as Toby instead of Tolby, Trey instead of Krey, Judge was capitalized as though used as a proper name when it wasn't, Maim instead of ma'am, to name a few.		The single most annoying thing for me was U.S. Deputy Marshall Burns was used EVERY time the man spoke. Rather than use a pronoun, he, his, him when referring to something he said, it was written out every time. Again, may sound trivial but try reading it. Don't look to this for a good western.
1,Text jumped between fonts and repeated paragraphs and sections. Content is very basic and could have been elaborated to make a more informative book.
1,I was disappointed in this book. The characters were defined, but not going in depth.  Words were misspelled and the end of the book left you hanging.  I purchased the other books to follow the story before I read the first book. I was sorry I had.
1,The premise is ok - h goes back home to parents resort while waiting for a job offer to materialize, meets old crush, emotions erupt, add a psycho ex-girl friend, H is rich and cynical with women who are only attracted to his money, h gets job offer not knowing it was from company owned by H. And of course, H thinks h is like all the other fake and user women.	Now that sounds ok, right?	Well, the problem is the way it was written. At this point in our lives, we have read so many books. And the one thing I'm pretty sure, we expert readers have in common is great imagination. Basically, the writer did not have to tell me that when you hang up the phone, the line gets disconnected. Or that you need a driver's license to rent a car. It's way too detailed. Unnecessarily detailed. It's like the author thinks she's telling a story to kids. Author could have better used those pages to add an interaction between h and her father instead of just a description, and bring more depth to her character. Or an interesting epilogue.	But hey, if you can get past that, this would be an okay novel.
1,The narrative is in the "tell you" style, instead of "show you," which for me read more like a lecture or an instruction manual than a story. I stopped after discovering there was no "hook" to it. As for character development, there was no reason to root for anyone.
1,Don't bother reading this book! It starts out ok but jumps from one person to another not always clear on who is who. Then the author starts teaching like a professor in a classroom. When that happened it wasn't just a page or so it went on so long that I'm in a panic turning pages trying to find the end of the percents and figures of rapist and child molesters etc. If I wasn't the type that has to finish a book when I started it, I would have gladly quit. The only good thing is the twist at the end and even that !saved you glad the freaking book is over.
1,For the past 28 years I have been a fan of Hamish Macbeth and M.C. Beaton. I "pre-ordered" this short story, and within minutes of receiving electronic notice that the story had been released, I eagerly read it.		I was shocked at Hamish's behavior; if he had been a police officer in Australia he would be fined or put out of the police service for the behavior he engaged in at the end of this short story--- it's against the law		* SPOILER ALERT! *		Hamish told a murder suspect that he, the suspect, left his DNA at the murder site, therefore the suspect might as well confess. I have two major objections, as a reader, to that behavior:		1) Hamish did not need to use wit, nor intelligence, nor any special skills, nor any deductive reasoning, nor be in any way special, to get the confession--- it would have worked for anyone.		2) Here in the real world,  people can, do, and have confessed to murders, rapes, and other crimes they did not commit because police officers had told them there is DNA evidence against them. Not everyone who confesses to a murder has committed murder, and they confess for many different reasons or for no reason at all--- they even give exactly details about how they committed the crimes they did not commit. That means Hamish's suspect could be not guilty. This is why Australian police are banned from such behavior.		Police in North America constantly get people to confess to crimes they did not commit, and it has become a major problem mostly in the USA but also in Canada. Police falsely assume that a person who has confessed to a crime is guilty, and so do prosecutors and judges. Inexplicably, suspects often want the approval and friendship of "those in authority," and they confess to crimes they would sooner die than commit.		In the story it is not the case that the suspect who confessed is not guilty; but Hamish cannot know that. What Hamish did was sloppy, dull-witted, and thuggish. He acted like a typical American police officer, not like an exceptional Scottish one.
1,I tried, really did but the writing was very confusing, jumped around and I could not stay with it.  I ended up deleting without finishing it.
1,This book was ok. The amount of details to everything was unnecessary and made it seem like the author wanted make the book seem long. It needed more dialogue or better yet less fluffy details
1,I was disappointed with this one, the writing, story was as if written in a hurry or without a definite pattern in mind. I didn't get the characters, they were too light, not real. The conversation and actions between Sam and Cassie was too friendly, too soon. I just did not like it!
1,I love romance stories - both m/m and w/m. However when I read m/m, I'd like it to read as it was between two men.		SPOILER ALERT(kinda)***		During an intimate scene between the main characters (take a guess , the author called a certain area a "sheath".		Men don't have sheaths. I've read it too many times in W/M love stories to count.		If you like your m/m romance to read as if it was w/m lovers, then this is the book for you. Was it steamy? Yes. Good storyline? Yeah. (I was a little annoyed with the author making both characters so feminine for lack of a better description) Hondo is supposed to be a warrior, an alpha male. Towards the middle half of the book, he was baking cookies and just kinda soft and pink, if you catch my drift. I liked the supporting characters a little more than the protagonists. I'd give it 2 1/2 stars if I could but I rounded up. I am on the fence about purchasing the next story in the series.
1,I loved,loved,loved,this Brethern of the Coast series until this one.  OMG!  I am so disappointed.  Dalton is a great character, trying to straighten out	his life for his love and wife Daphne .  Yes he is a seasoned rake, but confesses everything he's done to her  before they marry.  Her b rother tries to stop the wedding and if she had second thoughts, she should have left then.  Daphne is such a nave ninny, she in no way suites Dalton.  I read to Chapter 13 (their wedding), and after she acted like such a baby, running from him and hitting him in the head with her brush, that was it.  Her character was too immature.  I was disappointed that he wasn't more insulted at her actions.  I am so disappointed that I haven't decided if I will continue with the series.
1,OK for me... I struggled to get invested in the stories and the characters. This is my Crist book by this author.. Will read her again.
1,... please look upon this as constructive criticism. I did not have to take time out of my life to write this and I am certainly not doing it to be mean.		You had a wonderful story idea, but it is not finished. You need to take writing lessons at your local college so that you can develop your talent. You do have talent, it would be a pity to waste it.		Your story is a seemingly endless loop of stuffing Henry into a box for no apparent rational reason. I understand the book was written for children but even quite small children will want to know why Henry has to go back in the box, especially since it is making him ill.		Telling you, and the world this is a great book may make you feel good but it is not doing you any favor.
1,I have mixed feelings about this one.  First, I liked the storyline, both buy the same condo and neither one wants to move out.  Plus they have history, bad history.  Actually, since he built part of it, picked out all the fixtures, etc. it seems to me as tho the condo was his.  Because the real estate agent sold it doesn't make it belong to her.		This could have been a cute story.  However, I found myself disliking the heroine.  I couldn't find a redeeming quality about this gal.  She was a -itch with a capital B. Her father was an a--hole with a capital A.  They had no regard for anyone but themselves. It is ok to run over anyone in your path if they got in your way.  The heck with doing the right thing.  In fact, she looked down her nose at the hero because he believed in doing the right thing.  As long as you get your way the heck with anyone else seemed to be her family motto.		She just really annoyed the heck out of me.  I can't see one reason why he would be attracted to her.  She had the personality of a cactus, the morals of a crime lord, etc.  Just nothing to advance her cause.  He on the other hand I liked.  I think he got screwed in the deal that involved their history but I haven't found that out for sure.  After she moved her furniture into the condo.  I found I was not enjoying the story but I was just getting more and more annoyed so I quit reading.  This one was just not for me.  I really hope he tosses her out on her butt along with all her junk and he has her arrested for trespassing.  I'm sure that is not the way the story will go but I'm not going to find out.  Others liked it so it just didn't appeal to me.
1,I could have done with out this story. I felt it was cheesy and unneed for their story.
1,Forced my way through this book. Skipped huge sections just to finish. Got the second too, but couldn't even get through it, No Point.	This author should try to read some good books and try to emulate how they grab you and keep your focus thoughout. Background and character develoment should not be a distraction, but a natural flow enhancing the story line. Didn't rate the second book as it did not even merit one star. The third book (is there one?) if I come across it will feed my fire so I can get some value out the trees used to print it.
1,The storyline gave a bit of optimism for the truthful look at what Hollywood does to people and what people can allow Hollywood to do to them. Two things about this author detract from fully enjoying the novel: The first is vulgar language, particularly cheap cussing casually bandied about throughout the book. The intimate moments are cheapened for this reader, whenever the author invokes vulgar terminology. There is something to be said for class. In the Acknowledgements, the author thanks her "Effing Book Club." Yes, that is the literal name of her book club. secondly, the protagonists' struggle over the baring of the female protagonist's body and her sex scenes in Hollywood. There was some good thought provocation over these issues, yet the "heroine" fell short on her choices. She should have at least a sense of morals. This being said, I, as reader, could have closed the book. I did not, though. I finished it. I wish I had put it down after she continued her slide into the "sex sells" side of Hollywood. Shame on me!
1,I really liked this story until it abruptly ENDED! I really dislike books with cliffhanger "endings" & you have to buy the second & third books to find out what happened in the first! That's why I only gave it 2 stars. I was ROBBED of a HEA! If I had known this, I would have borrowed the book instead of buying it!
1,Location 115  should it be:  And poured water or to pour water?  I'm confused . . .in the prologue it states Lawrence is the heir and when he goes up to bed he discovers the fire . . .then at location  131  it states that he inherited the estate unexpectedly in 1810.....And not soon (assuming not soon to be a couple of years) after his father dies in the fire . . .so I think that must mean it was not his father's estate .  Location 78 the father and son have had a pleasant evening together.  Location  134  the father dies in his bed.  How can a a grown man go upstairs miss the smell of smoke and be so sound asleep he doesn't hear any of the commotion when he had just been in the library with his son?  And if you were running down the hall yelling at the top of your lungs that there was a fire wouldn't you also be banging on the doors of all the occupied rooms and making sure those people were up and moving?  Location 263 . . .if she had learned shouldn't it be had come instead of came to make it sound right?  Location 270:  after three ???? Practice. . .three what?  Dogs?  Moons?  Stones?  I think you need an editor or proof reader.  Your story is good. I like the characters.  It would be even better if it read smoothly.
1,Didn't particularly like it. Was sort of fairy tale like..
1,As everyone else was saying, this was super rushed. There was no story development at all. I feel like I just got introduced to the characters and then the story ended. Even though it was just 99 cent, I want it back.
1,I'll admit the opening chapter grabbed me. However, the book went downhill from there. I almost DNF'd it but I borrowed the book and wanted to finish it.		I found the first half of the book more palatable than the last. The melodrama was more limited and my major contention was the lead character being a cocky private investigator that I couldn't bring myself to like. She's a self-admitting former womanizer who has since settled some. I think she's supposed to be desirable to us readers but "smarmy", "arrogant", and "ass" are more the adjectives I'd use by the time I got to the end of the book. Granted, I know I'm probably being harsh. If cocky butches with leering smiles and egos the size of blimps are your thing, go for it.		Stephanie, the Arrogant One, is the lone investigator willing to take on Taylor's case, though, when no one else will. Taylor's been accused of her own daughter's murder and is out on appeal and will do anything to find the real killer. And, since the femme has "Taylor" as her name, yes I was stereotypical and kept getting Stephanie and Taylor mixed up as to who was who. "Stevie" or "Steph" would've helped here.		The mystery itself isn't actually bad. It's decent. The FBI and police angles were even plausible (to my non-criminal background self). But, throwing Taylor and Stephanie together for a romance...it didn't feel right. It was a combo of everything I don't like: initial infidelity, insta-love, forced breakups, conflicts of interest, and an unlikeable lead. When the sex scene actually hit I stopped reading because my repulsion factor was so high.		And then once Stephanie and Taylor were together, the melodrama kicked into high gear all over the place, escalating into the Land of Cheesy. Both dialogue and situations just got worse and worse to me.		My red flags were in the beginning of the story, though. When Stephanie's internal monologue used the word "Bazinga!" upon seeing Taylor it made me think of cartoon eyeballs coming out of a skull. And then Stephanie essentially forces Taylor to arm herself with a gun when, what was it, it was only the second time they ever met? Maybe the third? No questions asked, no warning that Stephanie was taking Taylor to a gun shop. A gun is a big responsibility regardless of the situation and is a topic that should at least be broached with a person before they're spontaneously asked to pick their firearm. It's just weird.		I nearly forgot about this part but Stephanie also has an odd take on bisexuals:		Ive never dated a bisexual woman. Not even in college. They always just seemed confused to me. One day they're straight, the next day they're gay. A week later they're straight again. Its just weird. Guess I prefer a woman who has her [blank] together, ya know.		It absolutely rubbed me the wrong way. Stephanie essentially overcomes her prejudice because she's so attracted to Taylor but her thought process isn't challenged. Argh.		Also, know there there are some editorial issues in the book, too, if that's a peeve. The plausibility factor here with both dialogue and situations is what killed it for me. It would've been much better without the romance.		If you're curious, the ratio of mystery to romance is about 50/50 and Taylor is a sexually fluid character.		I'll say if you like murder mysteries and melodrama then you may like this but I can't recommend this one.
1,What is with the flashbacks? The first few I dutifully read then resorted to just turning the pages trying to find the current story.  Bad guy killed as the climax in book one gets resurrected for book two. Towards the end this book becomes a full on bodice ripper. Loved the first book udisappointed in this one.
1,Kate tries to commit suicide twice in the first few pages of the book.  JT rescues her both times, and he should have handed her over to the authorities so she could be be mentally evaluated, as she was a harm to herself, and proved herself mentally unstable throughout the book. Instead, JT goes above and beyond, helping Kate with multiple opportunities to get back on her feet.		She starts a new job the next day, acting like nothing bad has happened to her.  Later on, she is kidnapped and knows who the two kidnappers are, but in exchange for providing aid for her escape, Kate promises not to tell the authorities who the second one is.  Even though the person has the million dollar ransom paid by JT!  And Kate had been trying to end her life because of a lack of funds, so she knows how important money is, but doesn't do anything to help get it back until it costs a lot of money to do so!		After the kidnapping she gets depressed and continues to make poor, frequently illogical, decisions until the hea, where everything is magically perfect.		JT is the owner of a security company, and is especially inept when dealing with the kidnapping of his client and Kate.  He pays Kate's million dollar ransom because he's "in love" with her after knowing her for just a few weeks.  He knows who the kidnapper is before the ransom is paid and yet refuses to go to the authorities.  Both women are rescued, at separate times, but the money is missing because of how he handled everything.  How in the world was he smart enough to amass a million dollars?		Unfortunately there is almost half the book to go after the kidnapping, and it just gets worse.		An editor is needed to help with ALL aspects of this story, from the mechanics of writing, to characterization, to plotting, etc.  Overall, it was painful to read.
1,SO exactly when do you explain how I can follow your mediocre lead? Waste of time read and it didn't help me in my journey.  I need to know HOW not read about how you did it. Tell me how I CAN. Isn't that what the title says? Well, where is it?
1,Knight of the Realm was a tedious read often skipping pages or speed reading to find interesting parts that relate to the overall storyline that began in The Builder and supposedly continued with Knight Esquire. In my previous review of Knight Esquire, I used the analogy of dictating a day in one's life in a tape recorder, putting that to paper and call it a book. That aptly describes how Knight of the Realm was written. Many of the actions and situations Master Builder Tor finds himself in one just simply can not suspend disbelief. Especially when the protagonist, and his friends are all late teens or early 20s and still stick their tongues out at each other or talk about sex, all the while the friends betray Tor, steal his devices, a war is declared, and they all act as though the only thing that matters is high school age back stabbing and drama between each other.		Further still, I kept reading the book, wondering when I would get back to the story. It's as if the author forgot about plot and decided to write about whatever fancied at the moment and had the protagonist Tor follow that.		I'd recommend Master Builder, as a decent read, but not Knight Esquire and certainly not Knight of the Realm.
1,This story was okay. I still don't quite get the very beginning and the ending confused me just a bit.
1,The Good:	-- It's a decently written book for young adults. The protagonist is a young man on the Asbergers spectrum who learns to survive after waking up in a LitRPG world.		The Bad:	-- This is really just the first part of a book which has been split into three in order to charge more for it. Parts two and three are even shorter, so you end up paying $11 for what really should be a single $5 book.	-- And that means a cliffhanger. No major plotline is resolved in the first book (and most are not resolved after the three book series, which also leaves a cliffhanger).
1,Awkward first meeting in a hospital ER, after the female character was beaten up by her ex. Months later in another city she ends up working for him as he is a billionaire. Somehow he just knows she is the one but does nothing about it until she just drops in his life again. Dialogue is so bad I winced.
1,The two main characters were both equally to blame for their marriage failing, and the brother played a big part in that also.  But, Lisa was made the complete scapegoat for all the problems.  I understand humility and not being prideful, but it was just taken to a whole other level in this book. I only paid .99 for the box collection, but if I had paid that for this book alone I would have felt ripped off.  A books characters should be well rounded, but all I read was, "yeah I was immature and I was completely responsible for the marriage ending."  Blah
1,Nice story, very little sex. (No) fire in the hole,.
1,Don't know she focused so much on the drunk driving but I it made the story boring. The drama between the couple should have been something else.
1,This is the worst book I read by this author, the words were misspelled, the timeline was way off and it's not a BWWM genre. I did not like how she was raped and then masterbating the next day. She did not grow as an character to me. Her husband was a dirt bag and then she falls for a rude person, mean person. So mad I spent money on this book. This author has written better books in the past.
1,Private investigators Cindy and Mattheus are holidaying in Aruba to unwind and develop the romantic side of their relationship. But the apparent suicide of a newly engaged woman, Kate, and the police request for help prompts Cindy to make enquiries. Mattheus is opposed to spending their vacation investigating, and so the conflict begins.		Id call this mystery more of an anti-romance novel. Sure, sleuthing is happening but the tension between Cindy and Mattheus, as well as Kate and her fianc, drive the story. Add the appearance of Kates former boyfriend and his new girlfriend, who aren't exactly in love either, and youve got a lot of relationship issues. The problem with this is that no one, except Cindy is likeable, and even she is wishy-washy. Immaturity and self-absorption dominate the men in this novel. The dialogue reminds me of whiny high schoolers, which I suppose reflects the immaturity issues.		Aside from the not-so-great characters, there were many typos and grammatical errors. The double-spaced text on my iPad added to the feel that this was a draft rather than a polished manuscript. There was far too much telling rather than showing. The author often described what characters were feeling when the emotion was already obvious in the dialogue. Im all for romance and conflict and mystery in exotic settings, but this book needed major substantive and copy editing before publication.
1,A very interesting idea-scientists surviving EOW in the artic and then making their way to civilization but then-astounding in the impossibility of most of the plot lines,utterly unbelievable characters, completely dependent on unlikely coincidence to advance the story and one of those books you really hate because the "hero"  is a  character that you grow to wish were one of the many dead early in the book.
1,The writing needs work.  The CAPITALS, the italics, and the italicized CAPITALS, to me, we're just a way to avoid writing well.  If you can ignore the implied drama through fonts, and I obviously couldn't, it's an ok book.  It starts with a business transaction where she works for a horrid boss.  From there, the book moves to a strip poker game,  business, sex, business, sex.  A number of the scenes needed a more ruthless editor-- the scenes helped the story along, but many were overly long and skipping through them didn't seem to cause me to miss anything.  To me, the real highlight was meeting H's parents at the end.  Unfortunately, it wasn't interesting enough for me to want to struggle through part 2 (of however many parts this book was broken into).
1,A teenage book. Nothing very developed
1,I absolutely love this author. She has a gift at creating a scene and really bringing the reader in, but I draw the line at people running from there problems. I said women in the header because authors write about women running away more then men. And 9 times out of 10 there's a baby involved as well.  It just irks my nerves that Tru just can't have an adult conversation with her supposed best friend. SPOILER AHEAD!!!!!.................................................And I'll never be ok with women hiding there pregnancy from the fathers. That to me is immature. All in all the rest of the book was awesome, a lot of twist and turns, but seeing how this is a love story between Sincere and Try and I can't stay how Tru runs away instead of facing her problems and on top of that, never tells her best friend since forever that she's pregnant, no matter the excuse, is the reason why I gave this 2 stars instead of 5 like it should be.
1,A classic, must read. It makes no sense commenting on it today as it is too old to be valuable, but anyway here it comes: flawed from the beggining. It got a lot of things wrong. No wonder communist and socialism are complete failures, they make no sense whatsoever!
1,This novella started out well, with an endearing main character and interesting setting.  Henry is an intensely quiet man who works as a night watchman at a museum.  He spends all his spare time painting and having dinner once a week with his one close friend, a women he dated briefly a long time ago.  Over the past several years he has become fixated on a particular piece of art in the museum that features a beautiful lady, and he spends all his lunch hours at the museum staring at this painting.  Sadly, the ending did not work for me and I was left feeling like all the hard work to establish the storyline and deepen the characters was wasted.  The other challenge I had with this book was the jarring transitions from present tense into past tense when describing historical events to deepen our understanding of the characters.		I received this eBook free in exchange for an honest review.
1,There was too much back and forth between Natalie and Brandon...I also didn't care for the stereotypical portrayal of the northern white family and the southern black family...finished it, but didn't enjoy the story...
1,This book took less than 20 mins to read, go out and buy a lollipop, it would be more worthy than to buy this book for a buck. Pst.. Never read a book so nonsensical before.
1,I could not get into this story. The femal lead just got on my nerves. And in my opinion menage relationships are just a hard sell. Three people - usually two men and one woman are that into each other. I only see it really working if the men are bisexual or brothers. Seems to me ego and testerone would be a big issue. So, if an author doesn't sell me on an emotional connection between the men I can't imagine it working. I didn't get an emotional connection from this trio.
1,I'm not sure what the point of this part of the series was. Did August even look for the killer. He moved on so quickly and just so distasteful. I really didn't like him and I sure didn't understand why all of these other characters were central in the book and so little was paid to Draya. Then the letter coming out the blue but nothing being done with it. This was a true waste of time.
1,THIS WAS MY FIRST TIME READING THIS AUTHOR'S WORK THEN I REALIZED I OWNED TWO OTHER BOOK NOW BACK TO THIS BOOK I WAS PULLED IN ABOUT WHAT THE BOOK WAS ABOUT NEVER READ A BOOK ABOUT SEX TRAFFICKING THE REASON I GAVE THIS BOOK 2 STAR IT LEFT ME WITH TO MANY UNANSWERED QUESTIONS  AND THE END WAS UNCALLED FOR...
1,The first thing that should be said about this book is simply this: there is nothing original in it. It's simply another rehashing of the same Word of Faith/Prosperity Gospel rubbish that's being put out far too much on what passes of Christian TV, far too many books that pass for Christian, and being preached by far too many people claiming to be pastors in far too many churches.		The world was created by words. The tool that God employed to create the whole world was words. In the same way our mouths have creative power. (Kindle Locations 59-62). Uh, no. Nowhere in the Bible are we taught that our mouths have creative power, just like God. This is false Word of Faith teaching.		Some people use words to insult and curse. They use words to call themselves losers. The say things like nothing good can come out of me. (Kindle Locations 66-68). I can only think that this author must very much disagree with the Apostle Paul; Romans 7:18 For I know that nothing good dwells in me, that is, in my flesh. For I have the desire to do what is right, but not the ability to carry it out. I Timothy 1:15 The saying is trustworthy and deserving of full acceptance, that Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners, of whom I am the foremost.		Are your finances poor? Change what you are saying about your finances. Instead of saying I am broke; say I am identifying several opportunities to make me millions of dollars. (Kindle Locations 109-111). The Bible has very strong things to say against such ideas.		I Timothy 6, 3 If anyone teaches a different doctrine and does not agree with the sound words of our Lord Jesus Christ and the teaching that accords with godliness, 4 he is puffed up with conceit and understands nothing. He has an unhealthy craving for controversy and for quarrels about words, which produce envy, dissension, slander, evil suspicions, 5 and constant friction among people who are depraved in mind and deprived of the truth, imagining that godliness is a means of gain. 6 But godliness with contentment is great gain, 7 for we brought nothing into the world, and we cannot take anything out of the world. 8 But if we have food and clothing, with these we will be content. 9 But those who desire to be rich fall into temptation, into a snare, into many senseless and harmful desires that plunge people into ruin and destruction. 10 For the love of money is a root of all kinds of evils. It is through this craving that some have wandered away from the faith and pierced themselves with many pangs. 11 But as for you, O man of God, flee these things...		In the end, there is nothing of any eternal profit in this book. The author says nothing about the real gospel of Christ having died for our sins, it's all about somehow using words to get all the things your greed wants you to have. This book is completely unbiblical, and should be avoided.
1,Like others I was really frustrated with Hayley and her worship and potentially stalker-ish behaviour towards Eddie.  Over four years she has loved Eddie with no reciprocation and indeed she ends up more of a door mat, willing to do anything for him, including babysitting so Eddie can get his booty calls in.  Eddie as a reformed bad boy wasn't much better as he refused to do anything about Hayley's obvious infatuation except make sure she's tethered to him with no obligations on his part.  When they get together it doesn't seem to get much better with Hayley willing to take Eddie is willing to give her.
1,First story, "True Story", I couldn't find the story line, don't think there was one.  Second story, "The Bluelight Special", was boring, but at least I could figure out what it was about.  Glad I didn't pay much for these; save your money.
1,This was a good short story. I don't think it was worth the price. I think anyone reading this short  story will enjoy this.
1,I actually liked the short story (and by short, I mean SHORT), but just as it was getting good....it ended!  And I was at only 40% of the way through the "story" on my kindle.  I liked it, but I returned it; since I shouldn't have to pay for 40% of a story.  The entire rest of the reading was the sample of Parasitology, which you could just as easily have downloaded a sample of for yourself.  The story was certainly an interesting premise and as I said...it was just getting good when it ended.  Don't spend good money on something that is disappointing...
1,Not my favorite of these novellas. Extremely unbelievable. This is the second novella I have read by this author. I was not impressed by either of them. I probably will read one of her full length books before I scratch her name form my list of favorite authors.
1,Who publishes trash like this?		First and foremost, storyline moved at the speed of light.  Thus, no character or plot line development.  It is a wham bam thank you ma'am kind of story.  At least it was mercifully short and it was free		Horrible...
1,I thought this book would never end. It kept repeating over and over. I've read the 3 books prior to this one in the series. I usually enjoy Ms. Locke 's writing, but hated this book.
1,This book was just a bunch of Facebook memes, most of which I had seen before. It took less than four minutes to realize this book was not worth my time.
1,Do not download this book. It sucked!!! Do not listen to the glowing reviews, that's how I got tricked! Reading this book is like reading a journal of a horny teenager, I could not finish it! It just a jumble of thoughts.
1,Cliff-hanger.  Little story, mostly sex.
1,HMMM what to say about this book I have a mixed feelings really did not get it, not the concept not the twist.	Natalie's behavior and character cost her roof over her head, and financial support. After a few months of living like a homeless Gareth one of the three people who did not turn her back offer financial support in exchange for agreement. The proposal is of course indecent. Natalie accepts but arrangement also contains rules about behavior which initially brings you a lot of punishment measures.	I didn't like the Natalie character she was too immature. I didn't understand all the dirty business thing either which is the main twist in the story.	Story features some elements of BDSM but scenes were for me not really sizzling hot.		*ARC provided by Netgalley in exchange for an honest review
1,Skip through it because I was hoping sanaya death was faked but after realizing it wasn't interested anymore it was okay because I did read majority of it but yeah I'm just mad about that lol
1,Kindle Unlimited or freebie day depending, Liz Lucas Cozy Mystery Read these a bit back and remember a great deal of what I read {not titles so yeah problem} but just seems as if there really is nothing new under the sun type thing, maybe too many cozies, something, but these were not as good as I remembered. The other 3 set, Blue Coyote Series was too disjointed with too many people/viewpoints and things going on. Tea Party Teddy was gross.		Liz Lucas Mystery, Blue Coyote set, lost of Cozy Bay mysteries, Tea Party Teddy, they all suffer from the same issues as does Tea Party Teddy {2 at this time which was basically unbearable to read and with no real redeeming features}, others of the same type.
1,Story kind of hoky.  Cy too much of a hero.  Story too weird.  Characters were weird characatures.  Nothing but escapism.
1,Story is poorly written in that it jumps from different situations and persons without explanation. Much of it also did not make sense.
1,This was a really bad read the characters we're under developed the storyline hokey to the max and nothing fit together.
1,This is not an adventure book for kids. It's a book that would be good for preschool aged kids with short instructions for life. For example, Learn to reach your goals, Learn to read, Learn to respect differences, etc. the pictures are colorful and go with each sentence given. The lessons are good but do not relate to the title or cover photograph.		I received this book in exchange for my honest review.
1,I hate cliffhangers beyond anything.  It's a very cheap trick to make you pay out more of your money just to find out what happened in a story you thought you'd already paid for.  Would you accept a movie that ended in the middle with nothing solved?  I feel the same way about this book.		I would also have given this book more stars if the characters where in anyway interesting or compelling.  The only reason I finished the book was I was curious about what the secret might be--only to find out I have to buy the next book if I want to learn anything.  I never did sympathize with any of the characters.  I never felt connected to any of them like I do in a well written book.		Sorry, this author is going on my do not buy list.
1,This is a post-apocalyptic novel set after the collapse of political and economic systems.  The vast majority of people are indentured servants / cattle.  Somehow the bad guys (Confederacy) and good guys (Covert Academy) still have a seemingly endless supply of high-tech goodies.  The supply chain for the bad guys is sort of explained, albeit sketchily, but the supply chain for the good guys is a complete mystery.  Perhaps the author will deal with supply difficulties in subsequent novels.  Because while this book is a complete story, the final chapters give the set-up for up to 17 sequels.		It seems to be the start of a YA series.  The good guys are all 15-20 years old.  Although for most people in the real world, this time of life is one of change, the author did not spend any pages on character development.  The stock characters in chapter one are still with us at the end of the book.  The backstory, for those few characters with any history, likewise shows us no character development.		However, the book is action-packed and the shoot-em-up scenes are well-written.  If you are looking for a quasi-Samurai, futuristic teen action story, then this is the book for you.
1,This short book is glaringly filled with words left out, words misspelled, words used incorrectly, grammatical and punctuation errors, pronoun overusage to where the words becomes confusing, etc.  I wanted to like the book because I am an avid World War II reader, but come on....  This book is seriously lacking in professionalism.		Ken Briden, author of STORM CLOUDS ON THE HORIZON
1,...but also hard to extol any virtues.  On the positive side:	Reasonably exciting plot	A lot of details about hiking in National parks	A fairly decent job of maintaining the chatty conversational style of the 50's		Negative side:	If you are not into hiking or wilderness a lot of that type of upside would be lost on you - as it was on me.	If you hate the chatty style of the 50's - the book will be quite annoying.	Introduction was way to long for the tightness of the action part.		So in summary - if you like hiking, Yosemite, or even better - hiking in Yosemite - you will enjoy.  Otherwise - I can't figure out why the book was written.
1,The story seemed to skip around quite a bit and was only mildly interesting. The main character was whiny and a repetitive.
1,Only need one word to review this short story - BORING!!! I have read all the stories in this series and have enjoyed them until this one. There was no point to it. I usually think the stories are to short, this one was to long. I hope the next one is back on track.
1,Oh boy! I'm so disapointed and sad :(	I loved Vain, I LOVED Greed! But I feel let down by Fury.	I didn't connect with these caracters at all. I was told Fury was going to be a bad boy. I was led to believe he was going to cause mayhem because of his serperation with Cricket. But it didn't go in that direction at all. In fact it was a total U-Turn. To me, he is a hero and who ever could, should follow his lead.	The fight/saving sceens were good although some of it was a bit too far fetched but that didn't bother me. And the subject was interesting (if I may use that term).	But the relationship between Ethan and Finley was imature and cheesy. Even the first kiss scene made me cringe.	I'm so sorry I didn't connect to this story at all. I was looking forward to loving it. But maybe Fisher Amelie wanted something out of it and she tried too hard? I don't know but I'm really diapointed.	No disrespect here. I will continue reading her books
1,Warning: Some spoiler alerts!*****************************************		I bought this series based on a recommendation.  Unfortunately, I was trying to skim as fast as I could to try to get the jist of the Kinshield Saga's conclusion after reading Book 1.  I should have just stopped reading at Book 1 of the series.		Pros: The entire collection including the side story of Sole Sacrifice (about Sithral Tyr's past) is in one set.  Every once in a while there are some good ideas about the storyline and interesting characters.		Cons:	Chapters are very "choppy", especially in Book 1.  Literally one small thing happens and then the author starts writng another chapter with different characters in them.  Then, K.C. May jumps back to finish off the other chapter, etc. etc.		The supposedly intelligent characters do such STUPID things that I can't stand it.  For example, Gavin Kinshield keeps complaining that he has no money.  He had won a big box of gemstones from the evil wizard Ravenkind.  Instead of taking some gems with him, he and his friends magically lock up the door of the study and they leave all the gemstones in there.  I guess they don't think that the evil wizard Ravenkind can knock down a wall or possibly go through a window to get the gemstones back.  In addition, they keep re-iterating how the wizard was strong and magically devious and escaped five guards; But yet everyone only gets only 1-2 guards to protect entire families of Gavin's relatives.  No surprise, the guards get slaughtered or captured over and over again.		Very confusing Kho bent vs. Zhi bent along with yellow and green and blue realms vs. Elyle realms and Nal Disi realms along with the ability to go backwards in time among all of these realms.		Totally not worth reading if it wasn't for the interesting characters.
1,Yes, you need to tell your child they are adopted.  But this is not long enough to be called a book, it's a booklet at best.  Even then, it isn't anything to rave about.  It is very simplistic, and only addresses families that have adopted a child at birth, not any other situations like adoption from foster care, step parent adoption, kinship adoption, etc.  The information provided is incredibly basic and idealistic.  It provides gems  'you should always understand your child' and 'the tips given are actually instinctive to parents of adopted kids who really love and care for their child.'  This isn't worth the time or money.
1,Couldn't finish this story. Too much boring prattle.
1,While I wasn't overly impressed by the content of this ebook, at least MOST of it was essentially benign -- but NOT all. One suggestion within it might actually cause some difficulties. In a section labeled "Fixing Problems," the authors frequently (and rather casually) advise readers to "reset" their devices to resolve certain issues; but from the accompanying descriptions, it would APPEAR they MIGHT have really meant to say "restart" rather than "reset." A reset and a restart are two different operations and are clearly identified as such on the (second) Settings menu of the Kindle. Resetting is a more drastic step than merely restarting (which is why, after you tap to select reset, the devise asks if you REALLY want to do so). If I had a problem causing me to contemplate resetting my Paperwhite, I would first call Kindle Customer Service to determine if I really needed to. Prior to an earlier Paperwhite update (which, by the way, DID resolve some of my persistent, chronic, Paperwhite issues) I DID need to reset my device on two separate occasions, but each time I did it only when all else failed AND under the direction of a Customer Service rep.; even so, it was a time-consuming chore to eventually get everything (account information, access to my book reviews, collections, etc.) fully back to normal. The authors' comments about resetting (whether or not they erroneously meant nothing more than restarting) are ill-advised at best and may actually prove to be a royal nuisance.
1,The recipes look okay.  I haven't tried them, but, by the processes and ingredients in them, they don't look very different from many recipes I already have and use.  My biggest problem with this book is the writing.  1)  The author switches from metric to English measures about halfway through the book.  Cookbook authors:  Make a choice and stick to it.  2) There are 2 recipes for banana bread, almost exactly the same.  (I"m pretty sure there's another repetition, too, but I don't have my Kindle here at the moment.)  That always makes me wonder how well the rest of the book is edited.  What mistakes that can impact the results have been missed?	Would not recommend this to others.
1,I did like the fact Kat did not even ask his side of the story. She claim that she loved him. That is not love. Maybe the next book will show how Cupid she was. Donna was not a close friend to her, why would she believe her.
1,So a person who commits a crime gets away with it and everyone lives happily ever after? I hope there's another book to wrap that part of the story up. I liked the storyline but can't stand the spelling and grammar errors.
1,I was so excited when I got this book cause hockey is my favorite thing ever and reading about really hot hockey players finding love is probably my second most favorite thing. Unfortunately, this book was such a let down. I really didn't like the writing being in present tense, but I thought maybe I could get over that to enjoy the rest of the book. But then we're introduced to the two main characters...ugh. I just didn't like either one of them. Ty sounded like a teenager and got on my nerves. Eileen had some TSTL moments that grated on me, I mean, you're being threatened and you tell nobody except your girlfriends that tell you to contact the police, but you don't cause you don't want to make waves...over it. This book was just painful to read. Probably won't read anymore by this author, even if it is about hockey players.		Thanks to Netgalley for the ARC.
1,I tried to read this it just couldn't get into it.  I didn't finish it.
1,This story had too many grammatical errors,the story line was bouncing all over. There was hardly any conflict between the main characters, she fell in line with his desires too easily. The main male character continually went through periods of rage, he basically called the female lead character a whore after first meeting her, and she ran away from one domineering male into the hands of the same type of man. The story was not horrible but the inconsistencies and errors can get on a person's nerves if you seek to read it through to the end.
1,While I really like the authors work a lot,  I am beyond tired of all her characters being long lost relatives and somehow being related to Thug or Tahari.  Now Remy is Thug's brother on his father's side and Rose is his first cousin on his mother's side.  Nice to know their relationship  isn't incestous or is it?  Who the hell knows?  Please Enough!!!!!  I  have lost track of who is related to who anymore.  Time for a new series with new characters.
1,A short and basic shifter romance about fated mating which is not all that great to start with, even before being irreparably marred by Gay Villains.		Seriously, the heroine finds out a few years into her marriage that she's a beard for her gay husband, stands by him as he discreetly dates men on the side, then he ends up staging at elaborate coming-out plot in the media while also embezzling from the company they run together. And his boyfriend is in on the crime, and is also the heroine's lawyer, so she can't even continue to use him for counsel because he's in on it.		So instead of doing the mature thing and getting a divorce, the gay villain husband and his gay villain boyfriend frame the poor, defenseless woman for their crime, not only ruining her professional reputation by making her look like an idiot for her failed relationship, but also doing their best to put her in jail.		And of course there are no positive representation of any kind of queer person anywhere else in the book. Just big, fiercely protective, insanely possessive, manly men--brothers, even--and the oldest one falls for the poor, defenseless woman.		Now, I have nothing against romantic heroes being big and strong and masculine. But when the whole point is that he needs to save/protect his woman from her evil gay ex...		Can we please stop with the blatant queer-bashing?
1,I'm sorry but I really didn't like this series. The guys in all 3 books are jerks.  I had high hopes that This book would be better but it was the worst one out of them all.  Mason was horrible to Hilary. Not only does he treat her like crap after she loses her baby but then he punches her in the face.  It wasn't just a one time thing either.  I can't believe how weak the women were in this book.  Don't get me wrong these women all lied to these guys but it's no excuse for how these guys acted in this book.  Yet these women take them back!!!!!  Ugh!  It's just really annoying because I have really liked her other books but this one just wasn't for me.  By the end of this book I didn't feel like any of the guys redeem themselves at all.
1,I usually like the heroes in the JS books, but not this one. Trust is paramount in a relationship such as the one in this book. To say that a sub must feel that s/he is replaceable completely negates that trust, as that would cause a huge amount of insecurity in the sub. Sorry, but this is a major failure. That was abuse and the sub paid dearly for that. She was definitely broken.
1,The author usually is great, but this short story is a little silly.
1,Way too predictable. Not enough time writing about each person so the reader would care what happened to any of them. Even the ending was lame in my opinion.
1,but the story was too scrambled in the second book.  The Alice in Wonderland theme didn't work for me at all.  The third book was easier to get through than the second; although I finished reading books 1-3, I'm left to wonder why I used my time on the set.  Would not recommend.
1,Who wouldn't be lured in by the gorgeousness of this cover?  Stunning.  Unfortunately, the rest of the book just didn't do it for me.  I wanted to like this book like you wouldn't believe.  If I had not read the Fifty Shades of Grey series, I probably would have enjoyed it more.		The first part of the book starts out pretty good.  I mean, it is set at Oklahoma University, how much better can it get?  I might be a bit partial to my alma mater though.  It was really cool to actually have been to the places that are mentioned in the book!  Then, about 25% in, it seems as though the book started to loose its individuality a bit as far as the plot goes.  You have your college senior getting ready to graduate and the millionaire infatuated with her.  Nearly every piece of the plot mirrored something from Fifty Shades of Grey.  It was a fast forward and watered down version, not giving you enough time to feel the characters or understand why they are reacting to situations in certain ways.  You've got psycho ex escaped from mental institution, gifting of a computer and expensive car, masquerade ball benefiting children's charity and another ex trying to get in the way for example.		I also felt like I was more beta reading than reading a final copy.  It needs to go through at least 2 to 3 more rounds of edits.  I am NOT a stickler when it comes to this, especially with Indie authors, but it needs some attention.  It felt as though it was being rushed to be published?		It is also labeled as erotic, however, I would classify it more as "new adult".  There wasn't much description in the scenes and they lasted maybe a couple paragraphs.  I couldn't imagine trying to write a sex scene and it felt like Watkins maybe was feeling a little shy as well.  Practice makes perfect. ;)		The ending came with a great cliffhanger!  I think if C.N. Watkins really takes time to deviate her story from Fifty and come up with something totally new and original and works hard on her edits, she will come out a winner with the next installment!		Received book from author for review on The Indie Bookshelf.	[...]
1,I like the world. Bone was cool but did come off as a dick. Molly was grounded and likeable. The action was lacking like it was hardly there. The kidnapping was done fast and zipped by way to fast. You did not fell the other club Was a threat. The best part was the class setting in the post apocalyptic world.
1,This was a quick read. Really enjoyed this sweet love story.	The impact of well thought out characters in one anothers lives, the importance of family and community. Really good story. Happy ending.
1,After reading reviews of their other books and how packed they were with action, I find this book very very slow. The main character is wishy washy and not strong as you would expect a Captain of a Star Ship to be. The supporting characters were not much better. I really struggled to get through this book all the way to the end but I hate stopping just in case the author could have a surprise waiting around the corner and it would improve. Sad to say it did not. Which means I will not be buying the rest of the series.
1,Not a bad book, but not a good book either. Poorly edited, and a very abrupt ending. I won't be reading anything by this author again.
1,Overall the book was good but the author makes some assumptions about readers that may or may not be true and probably should have been left out. The author also has too many promotional links within the book these should be reduced or removed.
1,I so wanted to give this book a higher rating because the story line was so good; an endearing tale about young love.  But the book had too many flaws that a good book just should not have. Nearly every third page contained a typo, a grammar or punctuation error, or an inappropriate word choice. After the first chapter, it proved to be quite a challenge to continue.  Dont get me wrong.  The story line is very good.  I got into it easily.  The problem is the clumsy writing that is full of repetitive sentences and a few too many melodramatic single teardrops.  And the way the chapters are organized, one chapter give a narrative from one point of view.  The next chapter gives a similar narrative from a different point of view.  Two different characters telling the reader the same thing.  It was like reading the book twice.  There is also something to be said for economy of words.  I wish the author had known about it.  The narrative is wordy; a lot of redundancy and trivial details that have little to do with the story.  So much of the dialogue seemed forced and out of character.  Even a little bit of good editing would have significantly improved this book.  It was far from being ready to publish.
1,This is another example of too much angst, misunderstanding, unrequited love, anxiety.... It makes the characters seem juvenile and ruins an otherwise decent storyline.	The writing is good enough to keep you reading, but the usual he said-she said junk clutters it.  How can you claim love without trust? It makes no sense, and so it's nonsense.  Why wouldn't you ask questions or confront your spouse if you thought they were cuckolding you or lying about why they married you?	I just don't buy it.  And I cannot recommend it to another reader in good conscience.
1,Wonderful,wonderful hope she writes more or a new series
1,The Kindle edition is good, but the content is horrifying! We must know what these lunes wrote in order to know their followers of today. That is regrettable that someone truly believes on that nonsense. Our Universities are filled with that kind of discourse. We must be aware of it.
1,I hate giving bad book reviews. This one started out so well then tanked in the middle. There were about 3-4 chapters with rephrased wording. It was driving my crazy. However I had read another book by this author that was good so I continued reading hoping for redemption.  The characters find happiness and love in their life together.  That's the only redemption. Save your money.
1,The story revolves around a young man who lost his parents and finally finds friends to fight the evils of the world. Everywhere is magic and most people can control it to a degree. Soon these friends discover secrets and evil plots that they must stop while trying to save each other.		First I want to make it plain and clear that this book is a complete rip off of the children's cartoon called the last air bender. It's the main reason why I rated it two stars. Each person controls an element and is able to use it in combats (exactly like the cartoon). The writer even goes so far as to actually bring up the diagram of how each element works together just like the cartoon. There is very little originality and it is very predictable. If you want to save money just watch the cartoon it's better lol.		The cover and the description are a bit deceptive. This story has no power in weapons. The weapons are exactly what they sound like bland plain weapons so if your expecting powerful cool weapons you won't get that here
1,confused the 8% of the book is really slow and confused to get to the point of talking the main event. I don't really remember what i just read this book is for somebody less but not for me, someone else might find it enjoyable and lovable. I couldn't continued reading the series sorry.
1,Abuse of the concepts of insecurity married to doubt, that overshadows a shallow plot.  Pray, someone else take pity and rewrite this book so that readers may actually be able to enjoy it instead of trying to muddle through the wreckage.  Oversized font was also very distracting and extremely obvious that the publisher was trying to make up for the lack of useful content.
1,tristan's character was a jackass, not to kention arrogant and bi-polar. and raine's character was a total push over, he'd treat her like dirt & talk down to her but that was okay because he was hot and her girly parts tingled at his sexual mastery.  there is no character development, and the plot is poor at best. i don't understand all the high reviews.
1,Painful To read. I will start simple. One Of my pet peeves. You shake your head (no) you nod your head (yes). If you love reading types Of guns and descriptions Of race cars you might enjoy this. Especially if you lean way To the right. Way too much preaching about non preachable subjects. I could almost understand someone wanting to put this guy out Of his misery
1,Do not read this book if you want a romance or don't like degradation/horribly used victims...or you know, think that ANY therapist would support the "plan" for this destroyed, abused kid. I tried it because the reviews said it wasn't really BDSM and all the reviews raved about the series. But the story's about a 19 year old boy (yeah, described as a boy not an adult) who's been gang-raped and drugged and beaten and chained...and then the his "love interest" Damian thinks, sure I'll shackle this boy and then call over the therapist when he freaks out. What? WHAT? I flipped through it a bit after that and then Damian beats him with a paddle when he breaks their domestic rules. Um, really? Physical violence that he doesn't want, that leaves him sobbing, for a rape victim. Sick. Did not finish, returned.
1,I've read a lot of books in  the last few years on simplifying your life, minimizing possessions,  and cutting down on clutter, and this is one of the less inspiring and helpful. I also found the premise to be a gross mischaracterization- by no means does the author live with only 100 possessions. He does not count any shared possessions toward his list of 100 things, and counting an entire library's worth of books as 1 item seems to  me to be cheating at  his own goal from the outset. Why set an arbitrary goal like this and not follow it ?		It is somewhat interesting to be privy to the thought processes and rationalizations that go into deciding what to keep and what get rid of, but this is not enough to sustain a whole book. The reearch about shopping habits and American consumerism just feels like padding. There is  strong Christian theme to this book, which may make it more appealing to some and off-putting to others. In the end, this book feels like another one of those gimmicky author tries- to- do -something- for- a- year- and- writes -a -book -about- it projects that  I usually like but  in this case just didn't sustain my interest for a whole book. This would have been best left as a blog.		This may inspire some readers, but other books are more informative, insightful,  and entertaining.	If you're looking for a  similar but more successful book , try "Not Buying It" by Judith Levine.
1,I found the story interesting but it was short and only a part of the story.  Now I have to buy another book to finish it.  I don't like that.
1,Disappointed in this one. IMHO very disjointed and characters were almost cartoonist. Will be giving the rest of this series a pass.
1,I really do get tired of saying this book is another example of poor writing, editing and organization	by this publisher. The title is really bad. Nowhere are the dog breeds shown with the pictures labeled.	One time there is a Dalmation on the page after they talk about them, but if you do not know what	one looks like you don't know you saw one. The photos are not labeled as usual for books from this	publisher. There are some "facts" about dogs and breeds of dogs that are incorrect. The photos	are ok, but not labeled and so not of any use other than for a child to look at. If they left the title	without the Name that Doggy they would have done better, but not much. The font is awful and	is hard to read.
1,Very humorous! Cute..... This is a fast read.  I might try another free book by this author to do some comparing.
1,I voluntarily reviewed this book for arc for an honest review.  I liked this book however I found the grammar errors quite distracting.  The bar scene was extremely graphic and the 18+ recommendation a must!	I didn't like Ethan and quite frankly Im surprised Sophia is with him as she is such a strong back boned character.		I cant say Id recommend this one as I just didn't enjoy reading it.
1,I'm sorry to say i did not like this book. I don't know if it was intended or not, but throughout the book, sentences would stop halfway, only to turn the page and find that there's nothing there. It doesn't happen once or twice, but multiple times. I also found it very repetitive, and i was pretty bored by the end.	As far as the plot is concerned...W're supposed to believe that Caterine is this innocent girl that can't even mutter a "thank you" when she meets Alaric, but the very next day she accepts his job offer to gain sex experience. Really? That's the way one does it?And in just over 2 weeks she's a completely new person. I found her character very annoying to be honest.	So, not for me i'm afraid.
1,At this point I can barely tell the stories apart. The brothers are basically the same person.
1,By the time you figure out what is going on in this book it is over. The second one is just as short.
1,I loved her first book of this series but I'm not as enamored by this one.  Ajax is a jerk.  And Mara forgives him too quickly.  I'm not sure I'll be reading any more stories by this author.
1,I really tried to like this book but it's as if she took scenes from other books (not good ones) and rewrote them. It is like a teenager wrote the book.  Very boring and repetitive. Sorry, can't recommend.
1,Extremely disappointed. I really and truly expected more. It seemed rushed and not hardly as good as the first 2. Several grammatical errors. This read could have been way better.
1,This author either doesn't know enough about police work to watch an episode of "Law & Order", much less write one, or she just doesn't care.  Every single scene of supposed police investigation boils down to supposed cops running off alone without telling anyone where they are going and getting ambushed and sucker-punched again and again.  If you make your characters make dumb choices your characters are dumb, not brave and determined.  Dumb cops walking right into traps is grounds for a comedy but not a suspense novel.
1,I tried but couldn't get through it, I couldn't connect with the characters, the constant whining from them and the way it seemed they were all out for "what can I get for me alone?" So I gave up, I might try again in the near future and if I can get through it and my opinion changes I will update my review.
1,This mattress was way too lumpy for me. Couldn't even finish it. Spelling errors, sentences that just didn't make pronoun sense ("you've got to do what's in her best interest" when it was supposed to be "your best interest"), lame characters...couldn't force feed it.
1,Gosh. I just don't know where to start. I guess with what I first encountered. The copy that I received of this book did not state that it was an ARC. Now, if it was an ARC, I would expect some spelling errors, capitalization issues ... things like that. But this one didn't give that advisory and it was full and I mean FULL of capitalization issues. Not as many spelling or grammar problems but I'd say at least 2/3 of the book wasn't capitalized correctly and that includes names and even the beginning of sentences!! It drove me absolutely nuts. After 4 chapters of that craziness, my first thought was "Respect your reader enough to put forth some effort!!". Thinking back, that was a little harsh on the author and I took it back. At first. Hell. I don't know, maybe I'm becoming too picky with what I read these days.		Okay, moving on ... I liked the premise of the book. The feeling I got at the beginning of the book excited me because the main character (Parker) was super sassy and she had some funny moments, as did Chandler. I was about 15% into the novel and I was really enjoying it. Until ... (cue the suspenseful music) ... until I realized that this book was mostly inner dialogue.		This is how most of the book went:	24 pages of inner dialogue for Parker	2 sentences of conversation	17 pages of inner dialogue for Chandler	176 page sex scene	1 partial moan	98 page inner dialogue for Parker	5 paragraphs of conversation	And on, and on, and on....		And no, as Reese Witherspoon says in Sweet Home Alabama, I am not s***ing you. Okay, well maybe that was a bit exaggerated but it was honestly ridiculous. I would say that 3/4 of the book is inner dialogue and that isn't fudging the truth. The sad part is that I really REALLY enjoyed the conversations that Parker and Chandler would have with each other and others but there just wasn't enough of it. It was like sitting in my 7th grade Drama class, watching these people perform horrible monologues. Pure. Torture.		I don't think that I'll read anything by this author again. This was just too much for me.
1,The only character I kind of like in this book is Liam.  His father spends his retired days in & out of the neighborhood bar instead than with his wife.  Also what's up with Liam who can't ask out a woman he is in love with since childhood & who practically throws herself at him?!  Plus the editing is pretty sloppy.
1,I am re-writing this due to the offense of my first review. I am only going to say that is sad (to ME) if someone does not for the love of their fellow man provide a good easily searchable edition of the King James Bible similar to the Online Bible available free for PCs.  Even though that one is free to download,  I also have purchased hard copy, meaning on CD out of appreciation for the program and work bestowed on it.  It saddens IF someone has identified the Bible as a lucrative way to make money.  I am not saying it is the case with the creator of this kindle edition but it seems clear enough to me it has been the case far too often. The wonderful thing about a love work like the Online Bible is that apparently others were able to join in improving it and adding to it. If something like what I speak of is not already available for Kindle then likely it is too late anyway as I truly believe that May 21 is judgment Day.  We all should examine our heart now while  there still is time, we should beg for God's mercy and read His Word, His LIVING word of truth to us and we should not stop doing either!  He resists the proud but gives grace to the humble so even though nothing we can do could guarantee for us our salvation or the salvation of loved ones, being humble and hopefull at least lets us know we are in attitude where it might be that God has mercy! In fact without real humility towards God, distaining our own sinful lusts of the flesh, with a sincere ongoing "want to" to do God's will we could never know if we are truly saved. I hope this is a more acceptable way to say things than my previous ill written  effort.  Blessings to each,  Doug
1,This short tale of approximately eighteen pages is marketed for children ages three through eight. It relates the plight of a rat who was born with seven tails instead of one. His two siblings are chased into the woods by a cat, but Rui stays and goes to school. The other rats make fun of him because he looks different. Rui complains to his mom who takes him to the tailor to cut off his tails. Even when left with one tail, Rui still does not feel accepted.		While the moral a the end of the story, to be true to yourself and not worry about what others say, is a valuable one, the way Rui's  parents act is confusing and contradictory. Parents who read this story to a child will need to explain to their child why the parents gave their child a mixed message.
1,I've read better sex scenes on erotica sites and they are free. I definitely wouldn't pay for this story.
1,The characters are so dull - I flipped through 1/2 the book to get to the end. Everyone is hot, Hollywood, happening, and zzz. The drama is trite and uninteresting, I have no idea what us so appealing about Logan, other than she likes to wear flip flops and not mini skirts,but when she does wear a dress she looks like, of course, a supermodel. And the insta-love, uff. So tired also of the Robert pattison/kristen Stewart trope. I am possibly one of the few people in. The world who don't find him attractive. It would have been much more interesting if Logan had realized her best friend was the best guy to be with rather than the utterly boring movie star. The conversations were numbingly dull. Just a waste of time and money.
1,There was no surprising elements to this book. Once you knew what the story line was and the title, you knew how the story would end.  Everything was so predictable - it was boring. I had to make myself finish the book. I don't like to leave anything unfinished.
1,No drama or edge of your seat plots. Seems like everything went too well for the good guys and it made for boring reading. Should have been a secret weapon or something to offset the balance and make for more drama. Not to mention a romantic relationship within the military ranks that would have never of taken place so it seemed unrealistic (yeah, I know it's science fiction right). Don't waste your time reading this book, very predictable once you get a quarter of the way through it.
1,This book is really, really... horrible.		I couldn't get through more than a third of it before I had to just stop the torture. And even through only  that small sampling I came up with plenty of reasons why this is just so bad.		You can tell this is written by someone who likes to write, but has no innate storytelling talent. This isn't meant to be mean. No, really, it's not. In order to tell a  decent story, not just write a story, you need some basic talent and a crap load of practice. Neither of those things are evident here. Don't believe that great writers are just born that way; they're not. It's a lot of hard work and I don't think any of that actual work was done here. This reads like a first or second draft, at best, if I only take into account the basic layout of the story. It moves extremely fast and there's no explanation of anything. It kind of reminds me of when my mom tells a story. You get all these random actions happening, but no real glue that strings them together because we aren't a part of the story and the narrator doesn't show us any of the life, the essence of the story. It's linear, but lifeless and at the end of it, all I can do is smile and pretend I care at all. This story is just like that. There's no finesse and no life at any point. We move along this weird little story line that makes no logical sense with vague language and descriptions and completely useless interactions between our main characters, but a third of the way in we're supposed to believe in some kind of connection between these people and go along with it. Sorry, no. Nothing about this story works.		There are some specifics here that drove me crazy.		First, it is horribly edited. There are so many grammatical errors, spelling mistakes, improper word choices, and specific detail inconsistencies that there was no way I would make it through the rest of the story. This is the first thing that makes me think that this is more of a draft of a story rather than a finished product. Some of these things, your word processor would pick up on- even with its abysmal grammar checker. I'm not saying grammar is easy. It really isn't, but that comes with practice. I'm not even close to being great at grammar, but I'm better than I was ten years ago. Keep practicing, but for the love of God, don't "publish" something like this again. It completely rips away whatever credibility you had or makes it impossible to build at all. A lot of indie authors should heed that advice.		I've never read so many sentences where I said, "uh, what?" or I completely glossed over them. Part of that was grammar related, part of that was awkward word phrasing and run-ons, and probably another part was just boring and empty word choices. There should be some kind of lyrical quality to your writing. It doesn't need to actually sing, but a rolling cadence or just an understandable cadence helps out on the awkward front. Sometimes, simple is better. Go with that. There are a lot of vague wordings. Things like: "and every day after that too" or "though many weeks had passed" are just throw away lines. We need something more concrete. Even "The four weeks since his accident had been soul crushing," is better than either of the author's phrases as demonstration of passage of time.		The story is jumpy. It's a series of random events strung together with nothing linking them besides a sentence of two of what we're supposed to accept is some kind of telling truth of the growing relationship between the two leads (I'm sure somewhere in my head I know their names, but even that didn't make a positive impression on me.) So in just the little I read, at the very least several days have passed, but I'd think it was more like a few weeks (pretty sure I was actually told, but now I'm not sure if I was or just made that leap myself.) At any rate, this time has passed and I know of maybe, I don't know, three actual interactions between the two, but I'm supposed to believe there's love growing. Negative. There's nothing here that shows me that.		Is there a plot? There might be. I mean, I know there is and I know what it is, but not by anything that I actually read. So this random chick has a chance to be a CEO and she's living in this great apartment, paid for by this potential new company, her neighbor was in a horrific car accident and  is a complete jerk and by sheer accident they're thrown together and somehow they're going to fall in love for basically no reason, something is going to come up between them because we have to have conflict, but they'll figure it out and they'll live HEA. Yeah, I know this has to happen, but that's what I filled in. None of this is drawn out in the text. It's the storytelling thing. We're not actually given a story. We're just given events.		OK, characterization is horrible. The descriptions of these characters are given in long winded paragraphs and the words used are so cliche and lifeless. Everything we know about these guys is through those descriptions and personal exposition. We don't get to see any of these characteristics play out and when we supposedly do, it is so poorly backed up that all you can do is roll your eyes. The female lead is supposed to be smart, beautiful, extremely hardworking and about to become CEO of a company all by the age of 32. At no time are we shown that she possesses even an ounce of the characteristics needed for this to happen. We're supposed to believe that her mere presence just melts your heart and makes you fall in love too. Yup, we have to believe that because we sure as heck don't see why this would be the case. All we get of the male lead is a lot of self loathing and some throw away paragraphs about him hating himself, but we're never given the real reasons why. Sure, I think we're supposed to draw some conclusion about his privileged background and wanting more out of life than everything just handed to him and some need to prove himself, but again, there's no proof of this. We never get to see these characters. We're just told about them. SHOW, DON'T TELL!!!! This is a basic, no-no #1 in creative writing.		I'm sure I could go on and I know I muddied some of my points together up there, but I think you get the picture. This is just poorly written.		I really recommend that the reader stays away from this. Even for free, you're getting royally ripped off and I hope this author takes a step back, gets into a writing group or seven, brushes up on her grammar skills, finds a good, honest and professional editor and tries again.
1,Thank goodness this one was free. This has to be the most awkward book I have ever read. The writing was stilted and did not flow well, the characters were not well developed and the storyline was all over the place. The writing was also amateurish, it felt like a fifth grader was writing it. Not a fan and won't be reading more by this writer.
1,I thought Theresa good potential here. I wanted to know more about what was happening. It wasn't a bad book, just not for me
1,A very tired tale and not worth your time.
1,Enjoyed the story, a little campy.
1,I wasn't that into the first story and I got less interested as the second story droned on. The writing was ok and the plot development could use some more work/editing. But it was a quick reading.
1,Short stories and all are the same. Read one you have read them all. All the girls are 18, virgins & are turned on by their step fathers. They eventually have sex with them, get pregnant & their stepfather marries them. All the men are hansom, rich and have huge penises. Maybe women like this since it is written by a woman for women but what a bore. Get some imagination ladies. RAG
1,Book One of Ava Claire's Billionaire Romances failed to whet my interest to read the others she is offering after this one.	The billionaire is Colt Jackson, a cut throat business genius.  The call girl/escort in this story is 'Red' Sadie McLeod.  It seems after Colt hires the call girl services of Red , after two sessions - have a thing for each other.	The book ends as Sadie picks up her younger sister from their abusive drug laden mother,Colleen.		I would not recommend this book to any one.		8-16-16.  Terri Davis.  Oklahoma City Ok
1,I just finished all 6 books and I'm very disappointed that it said continue. Now I am a Silk White fan but this is becoming too much. Write a one full book and charge full price. Urban authors need to write more standalone books. Not sure what the deal is but I'm going to have to fall back. This series was pretty good but had some unrealistic events and grammatical errors.
1,Romance
1,I wish I liked this more than I do! I really didn't like anyone in this book, which is so unusual for an Austen novel! This particular edition is dreadful as well, I ended up buying a cheap paperback to read instead.
1,The puzzles ard funBUT on the Kindle Paperwhite, the last row on the kegboard is missing on many of the puzzles -- not all.  In addition, the keyboard is so small, that my fingers are not always "registered" or they end up "registering" a key next to tbe one I aim for.  Nevertheless, I've learned to figure out the quotes without filling in all the spaces--more challenging!
1,Apart from the usual rock star fare, this book has a heroine at the extreme end of doubtful significant other for the rock star. Syd's inferiority complex was so annoying, I started skipping on her self deprecation. We also have the usual tenacious woman who gets into the bed of the hero while he was sleeping, and of course the heroine came in at the inopportune time. Anyways this book is a lot of cliches about the usual rock star book, but not in a good way. Nothing stands out to make this a good read, it is not even an average read. The heroine whines so much, and puts herself down constantly. Syd did not develop a backbone until 93% of the book. Laz is okay, but he is also the usual rock star, described to be swoon worthy, but I didn't feel it. There was no notable musical scene, except for tinny biddy one. No tours, no concerts. The setting was a wedding prep for a member of the band and of course the best friend of the heroine.		In essence what am saying is, their so called romance is hard for me to grasp. It is not believable. They did not have too much playing ground. Mind you at the back of my mind are some of the awesome epic rock star books out there. I did not say follow the plot but make this unique, or more 'authentic'. It's just so so for me.
1,Muy infantil. Una historia escrita a las apuradas. Sin sustento. Ni pierdan el tiempo ni dinero
1,There is nothing in this book that I feel like making. If this are the "Best recipes from the true south" ...I'm never going South. I was disappointed. A can of coke, a pack of onion mix, 8 hours on a crock pot....that is not Southern cooking.
1,I wish I had known this was a Kraft commercial. The other recipes are from magazines, as are the " clever" ideas. I certainly hope the " author "  had permission for this work. I got this free and can only hope other reviewers did also.
1,He has utterly no conception of Rangers, veteran soldiers, combat. Male vs female battle especially with multiple skilled veterans against an untrained female. But she has a mother's wrath???? To bolster her fledgling skills even though no child has died. Makes no sense much less to give us any real justification for her prowess.		He has skilled veterans making the most inept mistakes while again untrained civilians will continually best these seasoned troops.	Three, one an 8 or 9 year old girl who is so blazing fast in her vengeance she slaughters dozens of veteran troops armed to the teeth and her with a dagger maybe two at times??. Then the male engages in combat to the death against a better opponent yet bests him using his ignorance????? He is a school less, untrained farm boy now. But 17 or 18. Why he knows how to shoot a hunting bow. Oh I forgot he has a wood axe as well. Explains it all he cut firewood!		You figure that out or why any veteran commander would leave his own troops, crossbows, archers n all his men to go fight this one ranger?? Afraid that , never happen, ever.		Then where does book two end?		Spoil Alert!!!!		 Your still at the same place you was at in book as book one page 50. He has completed nothing, except how spoiled, disobedient brats can run free on battle fields while the big bad veterans die.		What????? Is this vengeance of the nerds changed into spoiled brats with visions of  grandeur??? Go bad veterans go!!!!! Boo big dumb farm boy hero's.		Oh yes the elder bother, traitor  that he is  convinces personal guard, hero and captain to those he betrayed that he was justified in betraying our hero's king, people, caypital and his own family .... Why he has no good reason and yet the veteran hero, leader and kings champion no less joins forces with and follows the one traitor son???? Huh???	This book makes no sense.
1,I usually don't write reviews on books I thoroughly dislike; but, this authors discussion about the 10 unavoidable problems with a living minimum wage forced me to respond.	First, why would the author assume the majority of workers would prefer to stay in living wage jobs instead of attempting to make more money by moving up?  It seems that the author assumes most people are lazy.	Second, the author states that many more people will be unemployed even if the number of jobs remains constant.  I agree that if the McDonalds jobs paid higher wages more people might be interested in those jobs; nevertheless, the living wage does not by itself cause an increase in unemployment.	Third, job lock.  The author does not seem to realize that job lock exist in many professions.  For example if one has a job paying $100,000 and health insurance; the job may be a poor fit for that individual but if he or she has a family to support; he or she will in most cases prefer to keep that job.		The author is using his PhD in economics to create a straw man that he can easily knocked down; if he would think through his examples and analysis.  I am a PhD scientist and I was appalled at this gentlemans analysis.  I would never read another book nor would I ever I attend a class taught by this author.  $.99 is too much to spend more this garbage.
1,This is the first book I read by Cameron D. Garriepy. The book was too short the storyline didn't make any sense. The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because Eli could been a good character if the book was written differently. I would not recommend anyone to read this book its a waste of time. I don't think I would read books by this author if she writes this bad.
1,Let me start off by saying that there is nothing wrong with the writing of this book. The pacing was an even keel the whole way through, the writing was not stilted or choppy or anything like that. So the writing was fine, I just found that this book was not for me. Probably because I thought I was going to be reading a paranormal romance or dark romance... but this is not romance at all. This book is a vampire story that is dark and morbid and morose the whole way through. Normally I can do dark and twisty - but I need a little romance to help me connect with the characters, or some suspense or action to get my adrenaline going. This one was just slow-paced and gloomy for me.		Ava is kidnapped by a psychopathic vampire, Michael, who wants to own her. He treats Ava like a pet bird in a cage. He punishes her when she does something that he thinks she has not earned or if she misbehaves. He *says* he is rewarding her for good behavior but that's really not the case. Another vampire, Evan, is also in the picture. He doesn't want to hurt Ava or want her to be there at all. However, Michael is Evan's maker and can force Evan to do things he does not want to. Michael was creepy and cruel... a true psychopath.		As for Ava and Evan... I don't have much to say about them. They were both victims for the majority of the book. Horrible things happened to them and they were surviving the best way they could. They didn't have the power or strength to save themselves. So they were just punching bags. I couldn't connect honestly, despite trying.		The book was a little long for me, so I did feel like finishing it was a chore by the end. When you are reading something that is not your cup of tea, 200 chapters and 552 pages just starts to drag on. But if you like this type of dark and twisty tale, you probably won't mind that so much. Normally I probably would not have continued reading, but I received a free copy of this book in exchange for an honest review. So I wanted to try to finish... and like I said, there was nothing wrong with the writing. It just wasn't for me.
1,En serio que no entendi nada del libro...siento que no desarrolla bien la historia, los sentimientos de los protagonistas y las tantas vueltas en personajes sin importancia..Esperaba algo mas...Nunca supe de donde venia la la relacin con Italia ya que ni un nombre o apellido hacia refenencia de algun antepasado italiano...y la cronologa es mala...habla de paso de das y al final habla de meses..
1,This book is about Skye falling for her step brother Dante whom she has never met. This book was hard to read only because the lead female character was weak. It's hard to read a romance book when the female acts more like a 12 year old than an adult. Good base story though.
1,Another pathetic tale about conservatives turning ignorant and trying to destroy America. This time it is about a group that hates illegal immigrants and ALL people of color and uses a deadly virus to exact revenge on poor innocent people. Same story different verse. A leftist author that watches too much prime time television and copies their plots and characters. If you want to get the gist of this novel, watch one hour of any NCIS series and save many hours of boring reading.
1,I couldn't get into this book and didn't finish it.  Interesting premise but it missed the mark for me.
1,I did not get this book or the storyline. It was just not for me nor was it well written in my opinion.
1,I expected more from this novella than was delivered.  I can't remember ever giving a 2 star rating, and I almost feel bad, but I just couldn't give it a higher rating. It really had no ending and left a few questions unanswered.
1,I liked the premise of the book but the entire cast left something to be desired.
1,This story set in  a village on the English coast in early 1800's has a very good plot.  The actual storyline is rich in detail of the smuggling efforts of a poor community full of secrets and  suspicion.		The law enforcement, the revenue detail,  is headed by an upright, rather tight-fisted Lieutenant with a personal agenda of revenge for the death of his father.  The main character,  Lucy is a young woman with her own secrets, some unknown to her. She is a sweet, naive, honest young lady living  hard life with a horrid mother jealous of her daughter.  Dan is a young man of the village, son of the leader of the smuggler.		So secrets on all sides abound as life in this small village goes on.  The problem with all the wealth of a fine mysterious plot is the colorless application or lack of description of characters and their development. The descriptions are surface level at best. I felt no emotion in the writing.  The romance aspect was dull.  I found it difficult to continue reading the effortless writing.		No recommendation.  I don't have enough interest to continue the series.
1,This is not a book!! It is part one of a story.  I hate that the author has misrepresented this as a book.  I will never read books by people who misrepresent their work as a complete book in a serial. I hate this new trend of writing in parts.  I know overall it costs the consumer more money and aggravation.  I wonder if the writers are lazy or greedy. Perhaps both. Sorry I usually try to say something nice but this trend of writing is absolutely abhorrent to me.
1,Wasted money.... The cover, the price($.99), and the description got me. I had to forced myself to finish this book. How it got so many stars beats the heck out of me. So Addy and Caleb end up living together because of a tragic circumstance. A fire burning down Caleb's family home and killing his mom in it. Addy is a seventeen year old "princess" having a problem with Caleb living in her home before really getting to know him. Ok....Addy acts like a spoiled 12 year old throughout this entire book until the last chapter. I might have insulted 12 year olds but you get my drift. Some of the pranks they pulled on each other were funny, but most were juvenile. This book is meant for middle schoolers learning how not to act!! Thank you for reading! :)
1,And some very bad writing. For example: "So hustle those cute buns of yours back here toot sweet, because hell be here at one-thirty."
1,I was not impressed with this storyline. It was missing the passionate writing skills normally seen in her other books. I'm very disappointed.
1,The writing style is more poem than prose.  There are numerous distractions and relentless filibuster that makes this story a lot longer than it should be.  I have read a lot of post-apocalypse fiction and tend to like the authors who get to the point, stick to the facts and keep the pace flowing.  The author seems to want to "fill the pages" by inserting constant distractions where the main character hears voices in her head and constantly contemplates her dead husband and where her daughter might be.  Giving details of every scratch on the wall or mark on the floor is okay, but only to a point where it doesn't distract or bore the reader.  This one, I just couldn't finish.  It is a shame because the writer is really good!  The scenario is really good!  But sitting through the filibuster is worse than trying to read an encyclopedia.
1,She only had 2 hours, instead of three, to get ready for a date...after they'd spent the whole day together? Give me a break.		Characters are unlikeable and shallow. Do I care how to inventory a store? I do not. Do I care how to make daily reports for a store? I do not. Do I care how to move pallets in the stockroom? Nope. Is that in this oddly-put-together story? Yessiree.		What is worse than this story? Hearing it on Audible. Trust me. Way worse. A male narrator...enough said.
1,I am not representative of this author's audience, so others may find this book satisfactory.  I found the writing style to be somewhat juvenile and the language objectionable.  I deleted this book from my tablet.
1,I found Benjamin Franklin Forever towards the top of my recommended Kindle listings and since I enjoy history, I decided this study-guide would be interesting.		I was disappointed. I think of a study-guide as a scholastic tool and this text is full of poor grammar, repetitive and wordy phrasing, and multiple typos that interrupted the reading flow. While packed with interesting facts, I found it frustrating reading. Not an educational tool I could recommend.
1,The story isn't very interesting. It's just too short and mostly one sided.  Basically,  it was a blah kind of story.
1,I gave this book one star for the authors attmempt to write. Story line intrigued me and the other reviews weren't bad. I regret buying this book. I tried repeatedly to give it another chance and no matter how much i read, it never got better. There is nothing historically accurate about this book and i read over halfway through the book and still nothing romatic or erotic unless you find getting spanked by a father figure erotic. The writing was poor; things of no importance recieved pages of detail; the verbage was all wrong for the time period; at one point in the book the male father figure screams out " For crying out loud!" A term im sure they used frequently back then! (yeah right) The characters were lacking any real depth and the interaction between characters was too ingenuine and unrealistic to believe. In the story the English are attacking Ireland for some unknown reason, but somehow an English trader manages to go from England to Ireland then Scotland with no problems? For Real? Im sorry, i hate to leave bad reviews bc i honestly love books and have the deepest respect for authors and their creativity, but this book was bad. Not worth the money, wouldn't read it even if it was free.
1,The races of men, elves, and dwarves formed a treaty to end the conflict between the races.  This treaty has a council composed of a representative for each race, for which Elon, and elf, and Daran, a man helped negotiate.  All races are threatened by an unknown enemy, and five people, the elves Elon, Jalila, and Colath, a wizard, Jareth, and a the heir presumptive of a human King, Ailith work to defeat the enemy.  Will they be victorious or will they fail, and if they are victorious at what cost?		Pros:	I fundamentally liked this book.  The plot is a good one of good versus evil.  The characters are interesting and well developed.  There is the right blend of action and story development, and the lands are described well.  The characters are not bland or stereotypical, and the characters are complex.  The main characters take risks and are willing to put their life in danger to save others.  Even the villains are multi-dimensional and are comprised of the three races.  There are surprises with both the main and supporting characters, and the ending was well done.  If a reader chooses not to continue forward, the reader is satisfied with the story just finished.		Cons:	I wonder if Amazon pays via the Lending Library by word count, as there is too much repetitiveness in this book.  While I liked seeing some items from the various viewpoints, the repetition in terms of several paragraphs just restating the same thing a different way was exhausting.  During the council chapter, I started skimming, as the author took too long to get to the point.  I tend to like longer books, but in this case, the author could easily have shaved 100 pages from this book without an issue.  In addition to the repetitiveness, there were extreme cases of typos, and a general lack of proofreading.  Typically these items are merely annoyances, but as the book went on the errors before greater.		In this book, only the elves seemed to have a code of honor, generally.  While the author showed both positive and negative traits of all races, the author seemed to make all things elven to be better.  Their horses were better, they were better bowmen and swordsman, they walked more gracefully, they cared more about bathing, etc.  It was somewhat annoying.  I will say that after the council meeting, the author did do a better job of highlighting the flaws of the elves, though the other races were not privy to this.		In the end, I found the book enjoyable enough to want to read the sequel, just to find out how the characters align.  This book supposedly crosses genres, but the romance portion was not explored in depth in this novel.  I understand that does happen in the sequel.  Had the writing been cleaner, meaning fewer typos and less repetitive, I would have given the book 3 stars.
1,This could have been a good story . I didn't read a lot of it because it is not clean reading.
1,This short story wasn't all that. I gave it a one cause it could of had a better ending. I liked ole girl torture methods but I dis liked how Antwan gave up his crew so easily. He called his self a street dued then when . Shot get a little hot he wanna through out his honor to his team and be a snitch. I do agree with the cat on one thing though, disciple should have warned them of the extent of the situation and what he was getting himself and the others into.
1,This is the most ridiculous book ever written. The story was deplorable and the writing even more so. All the other 1star reviewers of this book have listed all the reasons why this book was bad for them and I agree with most of them. I will reiterate that it was not a romance, there was not a smidgeon of feeling or emotion in this book and that it why it was a fail for me.
1,Not at all like the real game. I would have returned it if I could. That should say it all.
1,I thought with the title it would be a paranormal.  Nope!  I thought  with rekindling feeling, it would be a romance.  Nope. I highly disliked both main characters.  They were shallow and self absorbed.  Find another book.
1,deleted after reading 1 st chapter .too much smut
1,Whats so dark about riding an interactive stationary bike for 3 months? I probably would have liked this story if I did not have my heart set on some dark seedy romance with a vulnerable heroine and an over the top alpha hero.  It started off prettyinteresting and throwing in the exercise regimen was a nice touch. However, when the exercising became the primary focus I lost interest.		I only finished part 2 because Im compulsive that way. Not interested in reading the next installment.
1,Very confusing book, was surprised that it was all in the character head or was it. I would never know because guest what you added in a third installment, which I don't think I will purchase.
1,I liked the plot of this novel but I don't know if it was a printing/editing problem but every single page was a reprint and it was skipping and jumping and I had to put the paragraphs together to try to make sense of it then when I went to the next page it was a repeat again of what I just read. I don't know what happened but the plot was pretty good. I am no hater I'm a book lover I. Just letting u know so it maybe can be fixed I would have rated it as a 4 but I had to double read sorry. Like u said u want all reviews so u can make your novels better to read. I will continue to buy your novels.
1,I don't often write reviews because I work long hours and the remaining time is working out or reading.  Usually, I finish a book in 2 days, particularly when it's good.  This was not.  Escanta was available free on Amazon, so I tried it.  James and Mak (the female) were entirely 2-dimensional.  There were no feelings from either one of them, toward each other, toward work, toward the difficult life situations they were in.  Well, I think Mak had some fear when she received threatening scrolls.  Other than that, I felt nothing for them and the characters appeared to feel nothing.  The book alluded to James being dangerous and I felt like the author attempted to portray him as a hardened alpha male, the most dangerous man in the room.  I was not impressed by his demeanor or the recitation of his skills.  Mak was a formidable DA, and the author wrote her as "an angel with horns" but there wasn't enough detail on that to impress me either.  The two did not even kiss until 79% of the book had been reached.  There was no building suspense.  I hung in there out of sheer stubbornness.  It was a waste of my time and luckily it was free on Amazon.  However, I will go no further in the series either.  Time to give up on this series, one book in.  However, to the author's credit, I found no typos or grammatical errors or irritating homonyms (generated when an author uses voice-to-text software).  So the author appeared to actually type the story and sketch out a larger storyline to give the other characters' stories a jump-off point.  But, Brooke Sivendra, please work on your character development with regard to feelings and tension.
1,Major disappointment. I thought there would be more helpful tips, but it was common knowledge stuff. Buy the flea products & clean everything - just what the vet & manufacturing companies tell you to do.
1,Near rape scene.......ew.  First completed sex scene.......girl says "no" but doesn't.  mean.  it.  I'm not into PC, but for God's sake when are women going to get over the rape fantasies?  Avoid like the plague, if you quibble at men forcing the issue, and women letting them live.
1,I got this book free under free christian fiction. This is not christian at all. Glad I didn't waste any money.
1,Rather than a Y.A. story, I think this was meant for a very young audience, perhaps 10-13 y.o.  Kira's protective love for her family in poor circumstances drew me into the story. She works hard to keep her homeless mom and siblings together and healthy. Disaster strikes. An organization called SCI comes to the family's rescue, but quickly separates all the family members.		The weirdness at the SCI becomes immediately apparent to the reader and should be apparent to someone in her mid/late teens, (think Scientology meets Star Trek, definitely not good) and it's become a clich&eacute;d bore. All the hints of a sinister and secret agenda are ignored for too long. Crushes and teen angst follow. Aliens. The end. This reads like a too wordy prologue more than a book. The 10-13 year olds might get a kick out of it though.
1,This book reminds me more of a letter one would receive from a well-meaning great-aunt who doesnt actually have any kids of her own but she knows how you should raise yours. It is filled with vague advice with a few nuggets of actual insight.		The good:	Most of what I am counting as good advice is actually common sense. Be calm when disciplining, talk to your child, be consistent, get to the root of the problem etc. But these were overshadowed for me by the many things that I either personally don't agree with or that I know experts disagree with completely.		The bad:	Yeah, this book does need a good editor. Im not really one to judge, but if you are publishing a book I would think that youd want to go over it with a fine toothed comb		Some things I don't care for, but you will find that with any parenting book. But things like teaching them that if you are good you will get rewarded only leads to issues later on in life. I just talked about this issue last week with someone who holds a phd in mental illness (I don't remember her exact specialty in psychiatry, forgive me)		A good portion of the book deals with spanking and while I myself do not believe in spanking I thought that this chapter was overkill and filled with opinion masked as facts. I would like to see some actual numbers that back what she says, because from what I know on this subject does not match what she claims.		She talks about calming down before disciplining your child by taking a walk around the block or singing softly to yourself. That would be great if toddlers didn't have the attention span of a gnat. They would have no clue why you were disciplining them!		The ugly:	Some of it was a little insulting. For example, A good parent knows exactly when and how to discipline a child. Ive known many excellent parents who struggle with how to discipline, especially since you can read 2 books from two different experts who have two opposing views. And quite frankly, what works one day with a toddler doesnt necessarily work the next.		She talks about the different types of toddler personalities and at one point in describing the easy going toddler she advises that a parent shouldnt forget that they are there since they are so easily overlooked. If you need to be told not to forget that your child exists, you have bigger issues than this book can handle.		She has some high expectations of toddler capabilities. Im sorry, but when dealing with a 1-3 year old (the ages she suggested this book is for) you cannot expect a toddler who is clinging to you as you are trying to leave to explain I am afraid that someone might hurt me.		Anyway, as much as I hate being negative of someone elses work I really cant say that I liked this book at all. There was no solid techniques discussed, just her reasoning for why discipline is important. No studies to back up her research. It didn't seem to me as though she had any actual experience with children. The above examples are only a few of the ones I found problematic. I won't be recommending this to people.		Full disclosure: I have received this product at a reduced price in exchange for an HONEST review. I take reviewing seriously (as I rely on reviews myself when purchasing products) and will only give 100% truthful feedback. I NEVER receive product in exchange for giving a favorable review. Dont believe me? Check out my other reviews. A free product does not equal a 5 star review with me.		Click on my profile for a little Q&A about being a reviewer which may answer some of your questions and concerns. Thank you!
1,I was up late reading this book and even though I'd only been reading for a little while I was 33% (e-book) done with the book!! I finished the next day. There was not much of a story to this book. It was over before it ever got really good. What I read was great it just needed more meat.
1,I made it 20% into this book and deleted it. The beginning to me is nothing but jumping from character to character, to character. We start with the girl and the house, then her dad and mom fighting about living there, to the prisoners trying to escape, back to the dad. I just could not get into this book at all. There was no real background on any of the characters in the beginning. And the whole 3V voice, the house voices, the girls voice..... I just didn't like it at all.
1,Did not enjoy any of the series, Will never buy a series again. Such an unbelievable life
1,There are too many mistakes (typos, mostly, but annoying) and to few pages for this potentially good story to develop as it could have.	The problem is that the psychologies involved are too complex and cannot be managed as quickly as the author does. The ending is thus dissatisfying.
1,Poorly written, unbelievable plots, phrases often clumsily worded. It should have been more closely edited.
1,I downloaded this book after reading the synopsis because it sounded like an entertaining read. What I found, though, was that the author tried to pack too much plot into too short of a novel. The result was a lot of "half-baked" ideas that seemed slapped together. To top it off, I found the dialogue and interaction between the protagonist and her love interest to be very artificial; I couldn't picture any two adults actually having any of those conversations or exchanges.
1,I'm not made for erotic horror/bsdm.  But especially not when it messes with your mind as the male lead does to the heroine.  Similar ideas are in her House of Light and Shadow, so much so that it feels like the author is trying to preach male domination and multiple partners as acceptable and if people would just let go of inhibitions then they can be happy.  As if fidelity is wrong!		I had sympathy for the male lead (I can't call him a hero) for his childhood experiences but none for his behavior as adult.  People choose and he evens uses that argument to explain that an alcoholic has a choice to drink or not.  It is difficult to have a narcissist as a hero.  This story would have been very different if the heroine hadn't turned out the way she did.  I don't care if she she ended up falling for him;I didn't see how he was a good man.  To me, he sexed her up, she emotionally attached to him so completely she didn't want to leave him or even contact her friends or family when she could.  The ending is happy but it still left me disappointed.		I do agree that Disney has damaged the hopes and dreams of girls.  But there are decent men in the world even if they aren't royalty.		mature content, m/m, menage
1,This is the story of Will MacIvey and Holly Mathers, two college students from southeastern Massachusetts.		Will a pre-med student is a quiet, well mannered sort of young man with a love for Mozart and classical music.  Rock star handsome with broad shoulders.  He loves to sing with a deep baritone voice that is the mesmerizing sort of way.		Holly a history major growing up in Ankara, her parents ambassadors traveling the globe she was usually out of the country for the holidays, however this year she decides to stay in the states and visit family for Christmas dinner.  She was a pretty young lady, tall and slender with a stalker obsession for Will after they come together in a passionate one night fling.  She wanted him but he apparently did not want her.  He doesnt call her or try to contact her in any social sites.  Typical young love one night stand scenario.		Holly and her roommate have been invited to a Winter Solstice party from one of their professors and they decide to take matters of love in their own hands and they visit a witchs shop and purchase some enchanted mistletoe.  Mistletoe with a very strong spell cast upon it and comes along with its own enchantment spell that is supposed to be read by the parties trying invoking the spell.		I was not impressed with this book.  I think its more for the younger set maybe late teens and college age readers.  It just wasn't my cup of tea.  The story line is all right and I did like the characters however young.  I just tired of reading about the young love set in a modern times era, kind of typical young love obsessions between boys and girls, kind of stupid crap that they do at that age.  Of course weve all been there in our younger days, I just didn't really want to be reminded of the crazy things I did at that age.		 The authors style of writing was good however, the love scenes was hot and tasteful, not in the raunchy sort of way.  Theres really no humor in the book and no intrigue or action.  The book is not slow it moves along with only ten chapters.  I can imagine if I was of the younger college set I would probably have enjoyed it more.  Not too much in the way of grammar errors no typos that I recall so all in all the editing was good.
1,When I read the blurb, I liked the idea of a taboo relationship. What I didn't like were the characters. The lead female is weak with no self respect. The brothers, oh man, someone needed to string them up and slap them around. They were cruel, calculating and had no redeeming values whatsoever. Apparently a lot of reader of this book like that. I did not.
1,I "bought" this ebook (thankfully it was free when I got it) thinking it would be in the realm of 'Angel Burn' or even 'AngelFall'- but no such luck. Here are the problems I had with it and maybe you will think twice about investing time in such a mediocre story- drove me nuts!		The Characters: Beautiful girl that eveyone wants but says 'No' to every "hot" boy- Check	Beautiful boy who is new to town and instantly falls for the beautiful girl- he is mysterious, dangerous, boy of her dreams.- Check	Sister who is like the best friend- equally beautiful but taken. -Check	Mysterious uncle no one has seen in years, suddenly raising teenagers. -Check (he is a doctor too, ugh)	Supernatural monsters- Check.		Setting: Creepy woods, cold nights, cloudless skys, parks, walking distance to mystery boy, small town- Check.		Plot: Oh! I know lets have a story that HAS EVER SUPERNATURAL CHARACTER WE CAN THINK OF (rolls eyes). Having more doesn't make a good story. The author/editor/friend, whatever, should have said, "Slow down with all the supernatural- damn." Sometimes it works (Sookie Stackhouse Books, Harry Potter) but here it is laughable. I mean come on! And then the "explination" of all these beings is so confusing I had to read it a few times. I mean, I consider myself a pretty open person- but if it doesn't make sense it really ruins the story for me. Less is more-		Overall: I will not be back for any new stories about Tristan, I just do not care what happens with him. He was the best character in the story, but even his "awesomeness" could not save the predictablility of the story or the over laying of so mnay YA storylines out there.		If you are looking for great PA romance, adventure, freindship- this is not it.	I would suggest:	The Darkwoods Trilogy by JA Redmerski	The Archers of Avalon Trilogy by Chelsea Fine	The Alexander Jones Series: Samantha Towle
1,I didn't like that this prologue was in every one of the 3 books in the series...I was like, why did they do a separate prologue if it in the books? So When reading the books, I had to keep skipping it....annoying.
1,I'm really not sure why this book has so many stars, I found the heroine to be completely immature and ... stupid. I loved the idea of the premise, you don't see much prison stuff (at least I haven't), and so I went into this knowing I'd need to suspend some of my belief/knowledge of the prison system. But the heroine, she kept talking in her head and saying the same thing over and over and over again. And it seemed like there were a lot of inconsistencies...she talks about having years of experience and that she was known for her rehabilitation of prisoners. Women prisoners. The first male prisoner she meets basically melts her panties. She witnesses him lose his temper on one of their very first sessions, but never remarks upon it or has any red flags about his outburst. Her internal dialogue goes back and forth constantly between 'I'm his therapist, I can't lose control to 'Oh god I want him to touch me so bad'...And this starts from their very first visit. She claims to have years of experience, yet is willing to lose her job, her license, and her reputation because this one guy makes her hot. Her thoughts were like watching a tennis match, banging back and forth from one opposite thought to the next.  I just couldn't buy into her.		The hero seemed a little more mature, and he behaved closer to what I expect the reality to be. He was written a little too cleanly for me -- some writers just know how to write from the male perspective, this one was maybe half and half. I laughed at one point though because he was thinking about her and how 'she was the one counselor who hadn't given up on him and never would'...and this was right after their second session. Dude, seriously? Ten years in prison and you never saw a counselor for even three sessions? I think not.		The love was immediate, they actually had very little dialogue. I can remember them having three or four sessions before he was released. *SPOILER* They spend time apart, neither of them looking for the other from what I could tell, until they meet again by pure coincidence. We were back to the insta-lust, but I had a lot of doubts for any happily ever after.		Thrown into the mix is a sad little stray dog who gets way more time in the book than he should have, an evil older brother who seems a bit like an afterthought, and a roommate who liked to cook. It's a quick read, thankfully, and while I've enjoyed other Nora Flite books, this one was just too juvenile for me.
1,I just did not enjoy the book due to the techicnol terms and phases, just not my preferred reading material
1,Horrible. Doesn't even sound like Four.  If you are going to write in his point of you at least make it believable.
1,I listened to the book on audible. I was a bit disappointed. I do like a good "street lit" book. They are gritty, raw and take you on a ride you won't forget.		The characters were extremely superficial.  This made it hard to believe the deep and soul shattering love between the 2 primaries.  While we were told that Gina and Quadar had this amazing , deep connection and love for one another, it was not evident in their interactions with one another nor with their individual thoughts about each other. One minute Gina was on relationship "probation", because she was untrustworthy.  A few paragraphs later, she was in Quadar's private apartment and they were mad about each other. As with a few other points in the story, the telling of how Q & Gina made a connection was glossed over and had you wondering if there was audio or pages missing. Gina and the other females in the story were all money hungry and lusted for street fame by snagging a "baller". Telling a reader that 2 people had love and loyatly for each other is different than showing the reader.  I did not see a love for the men or themselves.  My book club is listening to the trilogy. I hope book 2 has "meat".
1,Well I have to be the one to write a bad review, this book was terrible for me. Here are the 3 things that I did not like about this ebook:		  **CONTAINS SPOILERS**		1.  Everything takes place in a months time, too much going on! I also did not need the first chapter to be 3 POV's either, who cares what Max's girlfriend at the time is thinking.  I had to read the description of the book again becuase it started out with Celeste first and I thought I read the names wrong.		2.  When you learn how much Lara really really loved Max I would think that she is unstable still.  **Spoiler**  She had a HUGE crush on Max during high school (Max was dating someone too) but when he left for college Lara went into a depression mode, seeked counceling and is taking meds (she is still taking meds when she see Max again).  All of sudden she finds out that Max is single from a long time girlfriend and she is going to try her darnest to make him love her so she sets up everything, from him moving in with her and freinds to meeting her rich uncle that helps him gets his career going etc.		3.  Last, during the months time that they are "dating" other women are hitting on him and tells them that they are "dating" but freinds.  Lara never got jealous when some hot girls were hitting on Max (she was trying to be cool) but when she sees him kiss his high school sweetheart she goes crazy.  She takes off and almost kills herself, when Max chases her down and rescues her from the crash she is telling him to let her die (that should be a clue that something is wrong with her)..Max all of a sudden realizes that he's madly in love with Lara..COME ON!!!  Max finally learns how much Lara loved him and what she went thru and he was OK with that.  I'm not sure that I could be with someone who was unstable like that for 8 years. Lara's parents and freinds warned her not to get together with Max but she didn't listen.		I know, TMI!  But this book made me so mad!! I'm glad that it was only .99cents.  Plus the ending felt rushed, she gets pregnant and they live happily ever after.  BOOHOO!!
1,This book is not cohesive and the plot is all over the place. Apart from the sex I really don't grasp the concept the author was trying to convey. I don't see the connection between Liam and Isabella. They had sex same night they met, and they got together from then on. The way she treats Lucas was so shameful and I don't see the need in doing that.		The storyline is confusing to say the least.
1,I wasn't going to write a review of this but this book was so annoying I had to say something.		So here's the something(s):		Boring	Ridiculous plot	Unrealistic dialogue	One-dimensional characters who barely know their own minds	Overly wordy and UNSEXY sex scenes	Side characters and their action written in a confusing manner so it's hard to tell who is who and who is talking	Action that doesn't track (if she's lying down, how did her dress just pool at her feet?)		Just...SO not good. On many levels.	Very happy when this book ended (abruptly btw)		Don't waste your time.
1,Love the author hate the book	the woman in the book was major	witches..	1. ALWAYS TALKING ABOUT HER WEIGHT-THAT WAS TIRING	2. HER BEST FRIEND WAS SELFISH SHE PUT HER HUSBAND ON	PUNISHMENT BECAUSE HE WANTED KIDS REALLY	3. THEY PLAYED GAMES	I DID NOT FEEL THE CONNECTION IT WAS BORING THE WOMAN	GOT ON MY NERVES
1,Never received refund when accidentally ordered this book. Hate to brag, but I don't need it.
1,I skimmed through almost half the book. The storyline was so unbelievable particularly in how his "wife" walks back into his life after 10 years with no explanation . He jumps right into bed with her & allows her to manipulate and control the entire  relationship. All the while, not getting any closure or answers for his daughter, whom she also walked away from as a baby. It was so ridiculous I couldn't force myself to read another page! Would not recommend! I enjoy romance novels and have read many by this author. This one just does not measure up. Any real woman will hate this character from the very beginning and I couldn't stick with it long enough to see if she ends up having any redeeming characteristics.
1,It's  one thing to offer the first book in a series for free, but this isn't  even the whole book.  And  the writing isn't  good enough to justify  buying  the second half.
1,Neither good or bad! I was still flying "high" from the gladiators' series only  to abruptly crush.	Ada had a sharp tongue. At times she was rude (a turn off by the way). She constantly disobeyed and at times I wanted to give her a good spanking.	The story seemed to have had a beginning somewhere (in which the captain was enslaved and lost his sister before being rescued) the author tried to make this book be the continuation of it and still left the end open.
1,i didn't like the writing style.  the story jumped around too much for my taste making it hard to follow.
1,More of a 2.5...can't say I liked it and can't say I didn't.  It was more of a book description, albeit a spicy description, than a story.
1,nope just could not do it. Got through 25 percent and was dreading going back just to boring. Felt no connection get a sample first.
1,This book is supposed to tell a story from the Victorian era but everything about it is wrong. The writer uses phrases and words such as 'slept with', 'sex', and ' DNA'. The Duke is addressed by his first name rather than 'Your Grace' or his title. The young lady dresses herself and fixes the fire in her room. Really? Rich young ladies from that era did none of those things. There was no mention of a chaperone, no dance cards at the ball... and it simply got worse from there. The point of a historical romance us to immerse yourself in the story and feel as though the characters are real and true to that era. This book fails miserably on that point.
1,not a fan..it was too fast and i felt like there was no story.
1,This story sucked, no story just sex.
1,This is not ask much a book but an encyclopedia of basic gods, leaders, and ideas within Egyptian mythology. I was hoping for somewhat more.
1,As usual anther page turner. I loved the book immensely. It's always something you would least expect, just when you think you have figure whose who. Thanks for keeping me reading and looking out for anther B.M.Hardin book.
1,I realize that many author's are pumping out what will sell, and that it's their livelihoods. And that's fine.	That being said, if you are looking for a good book with intelligent well-rounded characters, and smart crisp dialogue, then this is not for you.	The dialogue is lack-luster at best. The main character is childish with no real development. This is her: Kill, Temper-tantrum, Kill, Whine, Ooh sexy, Kill, No don't kill, Whine. And then you have the lying and half truths. If it is done in an intelligent fashion to further the plot that's fine. When it's the only way to keep the plot rolling that's a cop-out. Some of the supporting cast had potential that was sadly wasted. And badly steteotyped as well.	And, there are ways of writing strong female leads, but that would involve the same leads making intelligent decisions and learning from mistakes.	Not worth the money that was paid for it. Just an annoying mess.
1,This book has a few errors in it. Wasn't edited very well if at all.		It was sex written out.....but first time? I don't know why she would even ask him something like that just stupid.		This was not written very well I don't think I would recommend it to anyone.
1,Erotica is one thing, this book is pure porn and disgusting.  After reading the opening chapters, I quickly deleted it from my Kindle.  There should be warnings attached to books, similar to those for TV programmes.
1,After purchasing many of Nora Roberts books and reading them I found that her e-books are way overpriced.  I have stopped buying her e-books because they are too expensive.
1,There are some really beautiful pictures in this book and some great fun facts I never knew. I was a bit disappointed that there are only 14 pictures in this book and two of the pages were of the exact same fish. I was hoping for far more marine life photos, perhaps some sharks, stingrays, or even dolphins. There was no conclusion to the end of the book, it just stopped. It made me wonder if the whole ebook even downloaded. The grammar is pretty bad also. The only plus for me was that the photos are beautiful.		I received this product at a discounted price in exchange for my honest and unbiased review. My review and rating is based solely on my own personal opinion and experience with the product. I am not obligated to provide a high rating in return for the discount I received. As with everything in life, individual results may vary. If my review has helped you in any way then please let me know by clicking the Yes button below. I appreciate your feedback. Thank you!
1,didnt really care for it.
1,When it comes to paranormal, I am a tough customer. You've got to really dazzle me to snag me. Having enjoyed The Gabriel Trilogy, I found myself with a advanced copy of The Prince and some time to kill. So here we are on the other side, and I think....		I'm still not a paranormal girl...		The snobby prose that I found charming in Gabriel, didn't charm me as much in The Prince. The main character of the story seems to be... Italy? The cover is.... is that the vampire dad from Twilight?... Then all the brooding paranormal things of paranormality... I don't know.		Dazzled?	Meh.		However, The Prince is an essential bridge between Gabriel and the new Florentine series, and I'm still curious enough to continue on and give The Raven a chance.		Bottom line: If you are a fan of mysterious grudge-holding vampires, Italy, and using your dictionary, you will probably love The Prince.
1,There is a preponderance of eBooks on Amazon in the lower dregs and this is one of them. Having read most of the books on Amazon on Evernote I had a host to compare it too. This is by far the worst I've read. Very little on how to use Evernote, uses, tips, etc. But really the book is VERY short and not well put together. Even Indie authors should take pride in their work and put out a good product. Not to mention the fact that the author may be in trouble with Evernote for using their logo on the cover. The title "Evernote Essentials" is a mirror of another well respected book on the subject called "Evernote Essentials" that most Evernote users have heard of or read. So with all of that said, its obvious the author was trying to just cash in on the Evernote popularity by stealing both his cover and title from others and slapping together what can barely be called an eBook. I hate to be harsh but the truth is the truth.		Update: After I put up this review both the Title and Cover changed so that's at least something. However, the content hasn't changed so new packaging for the same poor product.
1,This story just didn't do it for me! It just went everywhere between whose in love, who murdered the brother and sister, then someone breaks in her house to attack her? The main character starts with the mama bear attitude that she will do anything to protect her nephew, she has the means to protect her nephew and then caves the majority of the time she is threatened by the Baron's! It seemed too rushed and at killers identity was ludicrous that she had a twin sister who did it? What!  save your money on this one!
1,Basically the same as all the others, no interesting twists and probably less enjoyable than the rest of this series.  If you're hooked on this series, go for it.  If not, take a pass.
1,Talking Dirty with the Player is a brothers best friend, second chance romance. Eight years ago, Caleb took Judes virginity, then promptly dumped her. Shes never gotten over it, and he knows he was an idiot. Now, Caleb needs to hire Jude to shoot the photos for his charity calendar. After a few rough meetings, the two are right back where they started, but now they have a different set of problems than they did as teens.		Second chance romances are tricky, because the characters already know each other, so its easy to skip over the relationship development. Sadly, this is the case in Talking Dirty with the Player. They go straight from reuniting to her thinking hes changed and him suddenly wanting to make it work more with her than he wants this new job. Immediately after that they're fighting, because a reporter jumps at them while they're out and Jude doesnt like that. She says it happens every time they go out, but that was the only time they were in public together, so it seemed like part of the story had been cut. Of course, they get back together, but then they have the same fight again!		Talking Dirty with the Player just didn't work out for me. I didn't feel like I got know each character, and I certainly never got to know them as a couple. They spend most of the book fighting or finding reasons not to be together rather than just being together. It was disappointing.
1,This got better after I bought a stylus to push the tiles with.  The hand took over 20 min to solve, with the stylus I was able to almost cut this in half.  If you like the game, get one + a stylus.
1,Though Kellan is in love with Jenna he spends almost the entire book being with her sister. Jenna gets to hear them have repeated sex and watches them get engaged. He is with Jenna's sister for YEARS!!! Then at the end Jenna and Kellan get together...REALLY??? Who would want to be with a man who banged their sister repeatedly for years? But as Kellan said it was just sex not love. Ugh! Save your money and time!
1,what can i say its not for me.  what can i say its not for me.  what can i say its not for me.
1,I want to say I loved it but it was just not that great.  I'm definitely not in the demographic for this and I just can't give a good review on a book that is so unrealistic when it comes to sex.  You don't come every time multiple times.  You get messy.  I also just can't deal with 21 year olds finding the love of their lives that young.  It didn't suck but if you want any realism, mature characters, and an actual love story, don't bother with this one and I'm sure the others in the series are more of the same.
1,Didn't like playing on Kindle, love the game on my computer or Ipad.
1,I didn't even get through the first chapter.  I didn't like the story set up from the get go.  Girl standing on street corner is approached by "country singer star's agent" asking her to come aboard the bus to meet the guy.  She goes no questions asked, talks awhile, goes to his concert (never did before), then jumps in the sack with him and she provides the condom.  Really, I just wasn't interested in reading any more.  I don't like books with such loose morals, like she had NONE and neither did he, but hey, we expect men to be jerks anyway.
1,However they have forgotten to list calories or carbohydrates.most importantly they're not listing other information,such as the vitamins and minerals.
1,This was just an okay book.  Not much really happens at all.  It is all about what everyone gets the unborn baby, mine is better than yours, gift.  Boring!!
1,Charlie Rockwell's life changes when she adopts a dog,Rugby, and meets Will Porter with his dog, Tuck, in a dog park. As mentioned in the book, there was a lot of drama in this budding romance but all's well that ends well. A quick, chaste romance read to pass the time.	Thanks Melissa for the copy of this book!
1,Hello, you buy a story and read it.  You think, I like this story, I'm going to buy the next one in the series.  Then, right off the bat, the author has to stick in this politically correct crap.  I really hate it when they do this.
1,this was not my cup of tea.  I thought I would try it since I had never read about them but I guess it was not the actually story but cases and I just could not get into it.
1,The story of Cinderella after Happily Ever After continues in this second installment in The Cracked Slipper Series. Unfortunately, I didn't like this one as well as I liked The Cracked Slipper. My main problem is that the intimate scenes are too detailed for my taste. It was no big deal to skip over them in the first book because there were only a couple, but in The Red Choker they appear in almost every chapter. So even though I still like the characters, even the ones I don't like (if you know what I mean), and I want to find out how everything turns out for them, I won't be buying the next book. I can't see paying for something when I know it's highly likely I'll only be able to read about half of it.
1,This book, #2 in its series, was hard to read, due to its atrocious production quality. That said, if the author ever manages to find an editor more capable than a junior high school student, his work could be quite enjoyable.
1,The story idea was brilliant, but because of all the typos it just wasn't an enjoyable read.  The book didn't flow properly due to typos, name changes, run on sentences, broken sentences and lost sentences.  This could have been a five star book........Proper editing is the key.
1,I like the premise - mail order bride - but the heroine's behavior is too inconsistent to be readable. She seems like she's ready to get tough (language-wise) but then acts like such a wimp I couldn't stomach reading it past the first few pages. His character is also inconsistent. Bleh.
1,Can this even be considered a book?? I'm so confused  this was about 5 minutes long! Must be a joke
1,I really wanted to like this book. The plot, while not original (Roslyn Hardy Holcomb's Try A Little Tenderness is much better), should have been a fairy tale come true. It was more like a really bad blaxplotation movie meet reality show reunion with a little bit of Pretty Woman and CSI mixed in. I don't believe that the author had a clear vision for this 584 page length tome.		There were too many details repeated unnecessarily over and over again. There were entirely too many characters and it was near impossible to keep them all straight, especially considering that some of the brothers were married or involved with family members of their spouses. There were too many coincidences that were just not believable. There was entirely too too much drama. The brothers fought each other (though the fights were justified). The spouses/girlfriends fought each other. There was too much jealousy. One of the brother's at one time was going to become a psychologist. If he had, he would have made a killing off his family alone. The use of racism was overdone and I'm not sure if the author really hit the mark since most of the spouses were mixed with something.		The author was so all over the place. The constant references to 'popular' music and entertainers was too much. The heroine was very well versed to be 22 years old and knew all types of genres of music, even songs that were popular long before she was a teenager. Every other chapter there was some big relevation or the heroine was running away. This book could have possibly worked as a continuity. As a single volume, it fell flat for me. I don't know who the readers are that gave it five stars, but I would love to ask them if they are paid spokespersons.
1,Could only read the first 5 or so pages.  Words are all mixed up and story doesn't continue from page to page.  Too confusing.
1,I gave up about halfway through. Too many characters and too much jumping around. I'm an avid reader and noticed that the characters were not well developed at all. This is my first selection by this author and I'm not convinced that I'll read another.
1,While I found the characters compelling enough (sweet but immature) in the beginning, by 50% I was really started to have to push through this book due to the poor writing, plot issues, manic characters, and lack of realism.		The story follows a young college freshman, Kevin, whos the star of the University of Minnesota hockey team, and his senior captain, Cam. Kevin has no idea hes gay until he spends the holidays with Cam. Cam has been in the closet since his fathers death.		Kevin was drafted by the NHL, but they want him to put on muscle, so hes playing hockey at the University of Minnesota. Huh? Kevin is extremely immature, and I had to remind myself of this a lot to go along with the story  hes eighteen and clueless. Unfortunately, his set-up isn't realistic. His girlfriend is a conniving young thing, who instead of going to Harvard with her ex, she follows Kevin because she thinks hell make millions in the NHL. This was a hard one for me to swallow. It made me hurt for smart girls everywhere  she got into Harvard  pretty sure she doesnt need to be a trophy wide at 18 with a guy shes not in love with especially when shes already loaded. Also, a lot of the hockey stuff isn't realistic, nor is this how college works either academically or athletically. I mean, at one point, Cam says his mom wants him to pursue his business degree, so Kevin says, I guess youll have to start a business after college. And Cams like, yup, guess so. And they're not joking. As if thats actually what everyone with a business degree does. Its very, very odd. The story is not a reflection of the real world. The characters didn't realistic but rather cartoonish, and the author flip-flopped on them a lot.		Then theres Cam. Hes sweet and lumbering. His back-story is also full of extremes, and its not clear why his mother and him haven't spoken before about all the past issues within the family. Cam trains Kevin over the Christmas holiday, which is pretty much two days of exercise, and then when Kevin returns to the hockey team, hes suddenly waaaaaay buffer. Um, like scientifically, two workouts does not equal major muscle mass addition. Things like this drove me nuts.		The sex scenes are also unbelievable, but not in a hot and kinky way. Theyre some fun to them, but theres also a lot of weird anatomy description. A lot of swollen glans that keep getting bigger and biggerI don't understand. It was weird. Also random mentions to edging for hours as the way to properly, erm, handle things. And another reviewer mentioned these men also giggle a lot. Not chuckle, giggle. They definitely feel more like women sometimes.		As for the writing, for some reason, when the characters on the phone, the other characters dialogue is italicized. And when they're whispering, its in parenthesis. I don't know if this is a nod to playwriting or screenplays, but thats also not the correct format for those. It feels very unprofessional like a high school creative writing class. And then theres areas where the language gets very over the top: Cams heart energy swelled and swirled, churning like a vortex, as it cleansed and purified his soul. I just don't tend to like this style of writing. It feels over the top.		So essentially, I was going along with it until 50% (as it was free with Kindle Unlimited) and then it got harder and harder to overcome the unrealistic moments and odd formatting choices. Also, it ends at 80% so the length is deceptive. The rest of the 20% is excerpts, summaries of other books, etc. I think its totally fine to give it a go as a Kindle Unlimited if you want to try it, but Im not sure its worth buying outright when there are much more professional books for the same price out there in this genre. Just spend the money on HIM by Bowen/Kennedy if you want MM hockey or maybe Samantha Waylands MM hockey books. But this isn't really up to snuff. It felt like there was an overall lack of understanding of how the world works. And how writing should be formatted.
1,I couldn't get through this. TSTL heroine, unrealistic, contrived plot, and two-dimensional villains.
1,Book was ok
1,Potentially intriguing but in sore need of an editor and fleshing out of characters. I can look past plot issues as this is a prequel but with the issues already in place I have doubts about the rest of the books. With experience and constructive criticism taken to heart there is potential for some good fantasy.
1,Copycat story. This is the same story as I've read many times. It was as if these books were directly taken from other stories. Not cool. It also wasn't very well written. I would not recommend these read AT ALL....regardless of whether they were free or not.
1,I just finished a fairly intense romance so was looking for something light and funny.  Unfortunately,  this novella didn't deliver for me.  I didn't find the humor in the "funny moments" and the characters and writing felt weak and uninspired.  The book ends on a cliffhanger,  and I simply never connected enough with the plot or characters to care what happens next.  To each their own, but this isn't it for me.
1,not a very good first selection. Stories just did not grab my attention and I did not even finish the set.
1,I was so looking forward to reading this Wendy Bella book. However, within the first few pages much of the writing was missing as if it didn't move into.electronic form properly	 I sure hope this is corrected soon.
1,Really needs editing. Totally abrupt ending with no ending. So many grammar and spelling errors. The plot is not bad but the way it is presented is just terrible. The story is written in haphazard superficial way, no depth to characters, setting, time period, language is not appropriate for the time period. I was really disappointed. Also the cover image really does not match the story.
1,I received a copy of this book through NetGalley for my honest review.		DNF 36%		Nope. Nope. Nope.		I try very hard not to DNF ARC books, since the whole point is to review a book, but nope.		The guy has been creepy from the beginning, but I thought, maybe it's me. Wow, she said no thanks. I can deal, but his hero issue says he takes her to the spot she needs to go to get her car anyway. Sure, I'll pretend that that's being a white knight. Kind of bully her into a date? Um... okay. I'm never one to shy from bullies.		She's in an accident and you want to help by taking her home? Um... okay. And take her inside? Uh... okay. She did have a broken foot. Um... ordered food so she could feel better (Yes, I'm not getting bully vibes. I'm getting roofie vibes at this point). Alright... Tuck her into bed? WTF? IS THERE ALL NIGHT LONG?? BRINGS HER TO ORGASM FOR HER COMFORT WHILE SHE'S UNCONCIOUS? That's not giving a massage, that's sexual assault!		*looks at the blurb* It says erotica, but not dark. It's supposed to be hot but romantic, again. Not dark.		HELL NO.
1,This story was not my cup of tea. This story had romance with steam, but it was slow paced through it.
1,This would have been a really good story to read as I like reading light vampire stories, but the editing in the book, if there was any, was awful.  There was transference of names, genders, ages, whether Keagan was a high school student or a college student, his age, the list goes on and on.  There was  a twist at the end of the story that you didn't expect, but that was thrown off by the mentioning of Caleb, the vampire MC's friend Darion and then he and the clan drops out of the story. I hate giving bad reviews, but editing and good grammar can mean the difference in a really good story and one that is mediocre or even less as this story became.  I also feel as if the title doesn't match up with the story as Keagan doesn't come off as an omega at all.  The theme of this story isn't about omegas and alpha or at least not that I read.
1,This was a good book to read.  I loved the alpha male in this book.  I cannot wait to read the next book in this series.
1,While I enjoyed Caroline Roberts two teashop books, this one I did not.  There are two sides to every story, this book only really concentrated on one, even though both where equally at fault.  I was so disappointed in this book that I would not recommend it.
1,Someone has taken the dreams. The stream of dreams that flows by the village of the elves has dried up and a dozen elves set out on  a perilous journey to find why the stream has stopped. Along the way they meet up with the fairies, who find them good littles ones and welcome them. The elves realize that their parents are seeking more power in the form of magic even though their parents didn't need more magic.		Dream Robbers has some excellent landscapes and descriptions. My main concerns with the book was more to do with the intended audience and how well it would play to those readers. First, there are twelve main characters who don't get fully introduced. Since this seems to be a book for 8 to 12 year olds, this appears to be too confusing.  I had a hard time identifying each character let alone empathizing with them. Having said that, children read with a different eye than adults do. I loved the Blue Fairy Book as an eight year old; not so much as an adult. I also had some concern about the level of the language used in Dream Robbers, though I am not an expert in this area. Finally, there are several moral lessons in the book - we should be the best that we can always - and  - parents should be spending time with their children, not chasing power (dollars)- but these messages were very heavy handed.		I did contact the author before publishing this review and he did assure me that some of his young readers did enjoy the story. (He also assured me that an honest review is a welcomed review.)	Please note that this book is well edited and well written. And you can consider my rating as a high 2+ with the writing and editing a 4+.
1,But not because I was intrigued, more because I had to get through it or I wouldn't be able to move on with my life. Nice fluffy story with elements of mystery, murder, and mayhem. Has a little bit of everything, which is really what made this a 2 star read. I got the book for free, but I have definitely read other free books with more substance and more interesting characters and storyline than this.
1,Description didn't say wi-fi only. I don't use wi-fi. Amazon made big deal promotions  about Kindle wireless: get stuff anytime, anywhere in a few seconds, etc. Wi-fi only should not be allowed; too limited. Why bother?
1,This one fell flat for me. I was really intrigued by the double con, and of course I was expecting them to fall in love and the cons to get messy because of it, but I thought they both felt a little....wimpy? Not sure that's the word, but for big bad con men, I thought Isaac especially was a little wet behind the ears, and it took a lot of the excitement out of it for me.		I thought it was pretty obvious who the Blank Mombasa was, and it all just felt a little too neat.		The chemistry was okay, but yeah, overall just sort of a boring read. :/
1,...to people who benefit, or could benefit, from the use of the MEDICATION Adderall. Drugs are recreational; medications are therapeutic. Yes, it can be misused, but having a storyline such as you have can taint many people's perceptions of it, leaving them to miss the great benefits of an appropriate medication, carefully prescribed. Because of this, I did not finish reading the book.
1,Even though this was a freebie, I wish I could sue the author for waste of my eyesight, waste of space on my Kindle, AND loss of brain cells. This is the worst thing I have ever read. It was supposed to be funny and clever, but failed miserably.
1,I like an alpha male, but Logan just seemed like an ass. If I had realized that Pursuit was also about Logan & Lauren I would have passed. To short, not enough time to care about the characters or develop them. Not much of a plot either. Disappointing and I really have loved other books by this author.
1,This book was absolutely horrible! It was not well written and as corny as corny can get! This book has a good concept however, it was written poorly and that's the only reason I would give it one star.
1,Way too short, so short that I'm not even sure that it is a story, more like a collection of sex scenes, but then if that's what you're after then go for it!
1,The story jumped constantly the characters were poorly developed.  I tried to read the book until the conclusion, but it only became more apparent that it didn't get better just more of the same. I was very disappointed.
1,Kudos to the author for featuring two middle-aged men.	Apart from this, this novella has not much going on for it. Rhythm is a bit slack, but the main problem are the two leads who are neither very likeable nor relatable.
1,Have you ever read a book, and the female just made you so angry, you just wanted to slap the book around?		I so totally would have done that if this book was not in a very expensive tablet.		Seriously, this chicks name should have been Beatrice.	*Tech 9 sang a song about it, look it up*
1,This book could have been shortened by two thirds.  The pacing would have been much better, and we wouldn't have had to read through the annoying repetitive inner dialogue over and over and over. Joss was portrayed as being the perfect woman (really?), and the way every other unattached guy in the story was panting over her really annoyed me.		Dash could have actually manned up and asked Joss about her dreams before everything blew up, but then we wouldn't have had that moment of crisis. I lost all respect for him when he put her through Hell in the hospital.  Hello, your beloved is injured!  Maybe this isn't the time to be questioning her?! He couldn't have cared less how she felt; he just needed his answers.  Please save me from a man who is that "loving"! I don't care how much he groveled later. Joss should be worried that something else would set him off, since he's obviously unreasonable.		I've read better erotica, and much better books about BD/SM in general. Roni Loren, for example, has written some excellent books with these elements.  I doubt I'll ever read the rest of this series; this book was too much of a struggle.
1,Just a touch cause this set did not appeal to me.
1,My what a fishy and fake author and publisher is behind all this malarkey.  Grab a coffee or a beer because this is quite a tale.		The first fishy book was from "Jessica Dreyher" called "Flounder :The Ultimate Recipe Guide" dated 6-1-2014, by Encore.  But then they decided, perhaps, it was more desirable to make a manly recipe rip-off artist and in comes this "Daniel Tyler" with the same questionable publisher, Encore. They put out the Tilapia section on 6-13-2014.		Then, the "Daniel Tyler" and Encore, put out the Trout section on 6-25-2014. These are some fast cut-and-paster dudes for sure because they don't stop for typos, omissions or errors.		Then, the "Daniel Tyler" and Encore, put out put out the full book on 11-30-2014 (this one listed here) and added the Salmon, Catfish plus repeated the exact same fish recipes and types in the previous three books called "Flounder :The Ultimate Recipe Guide ",  "Tilapia - The Ultimate Recipe Guide" and "Trout - The Ultimate Recipe Guide: Over 30 Delicious & Best Selling Trout Recipes ".		But now they are only relegated to sections in the new, all encompassing book herein called "Fish Recipes: Over 100 recipes - tilapia, flounder, salmon, trout and more!" Are you with me so far?		As Ron Popeil says "But wait!  There's More!"		Just so the other sections in this book would not go to money-making waste, there's two new and separate fish sections with the exact same recipes included in this all-inclusive book and  separated out again with two different new, fake author names.		The last one is from fellow fake "Kimberly Hansen" on 12-5-2014, called "Salmon: The Ultimate Guide" published by your friendly disreputable publisher, Encore. I know, that's your surprised look, right?		Then, Kimberley also wrote another book on "Trout Recipes:The Ultimate Guide"  on December 6, 2014, (in her spare time) as well as "The Tilapia Chef: The Ultimate Guide" on the same day! But they are ALL the same recipes in ALL the same books!  And that's the biggest gyp of all -- not  only are they all off the Internet, they're all sold over and over and over in the various versions of the same reworked fishy books by different fake authors but the same fake Encore Publishing.		So as a review, we have Kimberly Hansen on Salmon followed by Daniel Tyler on Tilapia, Trout, Catfish, Flounder (repeat of first book by Jessica Dreyer), Salmon (repeat of the solo book by Kimberly Hansen).		So now we can look forward to  new, solo versions of single species specific books by different fake authors on Catfish. Or maybe that fish is already out there and I've just missed it. I'd better look up "Jessica" and see what she's been up to.
1,I got this book to use as a reference book.  While it is interesting to read,it wasn't  what I was looking for. I NEEDED recipes to use on my journey towards better health.  I f I can return this, I will.
1,Jane from Dear Author sent me this book to read to see if I also found it strikingly similar to Susan Napier's excellent&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/In-Bed-with-the-Boss/dp/B002NOGEVU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">In Bed with the Boss</a>, released in 1999. I'm surprised she needed validation, as the similarities go beyond striking and into egregious.		In both stories the heroine is widowed young. Laura, in this book, has her fiance die in a car accident three years prior. Kalera, in Napier's book, has her husband die in a freak act of violence. Both books open with the heroine telling the hero, for whom the both work as personal assistants, that they have gotten engaged. Both heroes react angrily and both ask if she's pregnant. In both books, the heroine has gotten engaged to the hero's enemy, and that fiance is a jealous, controlling man in each book.		From here the sequence of events deviate from the Napier book, but they are still all but identical, Wolf just shuffled the timeline. There's a scene in both books where the hero drives the heroine home when her car breaks down at work then comes inside and makes her dinner. He kisses her, they get hot and heavy, and then the phone rings and interrupts them, with the fiance on the other line. Both books have a co-worker pointing out how the hero acts differently around the heroine and is widely assumed to have the hots for her. Both books have the fiance sending out fancy invites for the engagement party, have the hero show up with the fiance's ex, have the fiance try to prevent them from entering and have the fiance and ex have an argument at the party. In both books, the hero and heroine shared a sexual encounter not long after the tragedy in which she was the initiator and which she wanted to forget, out of guilt. Both books even have a scene where the heroine is prompted to reminisce after smelling the hero's cologne, which the heroine gave him as a Christmas gift.		I could go on. It would actually be shorter to point out what's different. Now, lots of stories have similar plots, but they tell different stories with them. This story took In Bed With the Boss and retold it, only shuffling scenes around and changing the names. The characters were the same people, doing the same things and reacting the same way. Sure, the book ends a teensy bit differently, as the deceased partner in this book turns out to have cheated on the heroine and fathered a child, but it's too little, too late. There's a word for telling a slightly different story with another author's characters: fan fiction.		And the retelling is not an improvement on the original. Poor word choice, comma abuse and too much internal dialog renders this a drag to read. If the author used "palpable" any more than she had, I was going to start a drinking game. It was far from the worst prose I've ever read, but it needed an editor, and badly.		If this had been an original work of fiction, I'd have given it a 2 or 3. Since it has copied an earlier work to a degree that constitutes derivation or plagiarism, I give it a single star. Fan fiction is only ethical when it's free.
1,I nearly lost my mind having to read thoroughly descriptions of ever single thing.  I have read several hundred books on my kindle but nothing like this that was so descriptive I lost interest in the main point.  I made it through the first book.  Then decided to listen to the second at maximum speed.  The third book was just plain insufferable in the beginning so I skipped to the predictable end.  There was great promise in the beginning but it was cluttered with useless over flowing of words.
1,I could not get past the first few chapters.  It seemed very clumsily written.  The general plot outline seems like "Hold" by Zannie Adams (only that one I couldn't put down.)  This story has the added plot elements of super human abilities and doctors experimenting on prisoners, but  is not nearly told so effectively as "Hold".
1,I'm sorry to say I made it halfway through book 2 and had to stop.  The three main characters, Ellen, Frank and Dean, were the most hateful characters.  Ellen is a psycho bitch, Frank is a whack job and Dean is just an all out loser.  Great "love" triangle.  To make matters worse, a new male character has been introduced so I guess it's now a love rectangle.		I bought the trilogy and liked the first book --  enough to buy the second.  I have no idea why the author devoted the whole second book to these boooooring characters.  You couldn't get away from them.		As an aside.... the author obviously has an affinity for the words "snicker" and "snide".  Both are all through out both books.
1,It's kind of a tic tac toe with more graphics, not much fun.  the game is decided in one or two moves only, once you start winning or losing, not much more you can do.
1,This had to have been one of the most annoying characters I've ever read about. Everything about her seemed to get on my last nerve. If the book wasn't free I would've returned it and stopped around chapter three. I kept going seeing if someone wrote it the least I could do was finish it. The problems I found was she was just tooooo nave! I mean really? He basically did her on the first day he met her, within less than an hour at that. Does her the next day and she's in love? Can't stop thinking about him? Get real! Then after a week or so she sees him and she's talking about relationship? Like seriously? Within two weeks she's asking for some commitment and comes off as a serial stalker. She wants to know all his secrets like they've been knowing each other forever when I think it's less than a week that they'd been in each others company. I can't say that this book was bad because if it makes you feel anything it was worth the read. All I can say is I hope there aren't psycho women out there like this. I would say I'd read the next series to find out if she found a clue but I doubt it she was just too simple for me.
1,He left you 8 months pregnant, didn't come back for 4.5 years.		I admire him because he became so successful he can retire at 26.  So, you admire men who are rich, it's ok he left you and a child fatherless.		He said he never thought their love would end.  He left you when you were pregnant to raise a cold by yourself at 20.  Yes that is love.		This is where I just quit because so stupid.  Your best friend tells you to cheat on your boyfriend, a man who has been there for you when the man you plan to have sex with left.  Cheating is not romance, it sad pathetic and you friend is saying to just screw him and get it over with.  Be a adult, note a cheating whore.		So the characters we are to like:  She is a door mat,cheating whore.  He leaves his daughter fatherless for almost 5 years, leave the women he so call loves pregnant and to be a single mom.  The best friend tells her to be a cheating who're, who also kept a father from seeing his child when she was born.  Using know who I hate more, Finn was the only good person in this stupid story and you screw him over.		So liars, cheating whores are romance, sorry but no.		But she takes him back and screws him him, 3 days after being gone for over 4 yrs, to unbelievable it's just pathetic.
1,I must have read a different book, because I could not even finish this.  The written dialogue was stilted and unnatural, without the contractions that would be a part of normal speech.  Also, there was a character who was "Kyle" on one page and "Karl" on the next page.  So much for the editor listed as one of the authors.  And while I admire the topic of supporting and helping our veterans, I felt like I was being hit over the head with a propaganda brochure.		Other readers had a different opinion.  My suggestion?  Try the free sample and decide for yourself.  Wish I had started with that.
1,Spineless h, clueless H. No connection to either of them. No desire to find out what happens next. Not a D/s story so far.
1,It's a novella! I don't usually waste my money on short stories or novellas. This one has the potential of being a good book, but it needs another 100 or 150 pages. So disappointing to jump to the end of a story without first developing the characters or plot.
1,Hard slot about alkaline water and such. Can't wait to read more about it
1,I am not the type of cook that uses recipes that call for dumping a few cans of stuff together and slow simmering it for many hours. I prefer more traditional "from scratch" cooking.
1,I don't want this it was supposed  to be free.  Take it back and stop suckering people with free when it isnt.
1,Previous reviews told the entire story, and there's definitely not enough details between the three to make me want to continue with the next book. Very PG13 read.
1,When I saw the title I had hopes of a good Scottish story. It turned out to be a soft-porn story in a so-called Regency frame.	Why does the author bother with indecency if two people travel together when they already have spent 14 days in each other's company itemizing a library? The author obviously does not know what handfasting is as she has it performed by a vicar who accidentally reads the wrong lines? Why would handfasting be a socially acceptable thing to do in Regency days if it's only for a year and a day? It's a sure thing to ruin a lady anyway. Why would a girl under such circumstances be hired as a governess for 5 small girls? Absolute fiddlesticks.
1,You have to be joking.  The scene he takes her on a wall:	Her legs are wrapped around him, her breast is hanging out of her dress with another man there.  He doesn't cover her when the guy wakes.	  And he gets mad when he calls her a whore.  Well if the shoe fits.		Really the first time they have sex is at some one else's house party? And she has to crawl out the window to leave.  Yes that is so romantic.  Again if the shoe fits.		He treats her like trash, ignores her and then you have her telling him she is sorry.  She doesn't blame him for the bad marriage, it isn't his fault.  Please, whose fault is it?  He hasn't acted like her husband and gets mad when some one else gives her attention?  Why does he care, he got her money and that's all he wanted.  But she is just the weak door mat who make excuses and its a shame you write this junk.  Dear God can you not write about a women who has a little pride or self respect.		And I'm so tired of her doing the fighting, it's just sad and pathetic at this point.  Over 65 percent and still he has not did a romantic thing.  I finished the book and sex is not romance.		I can't stand either of them.  She is a weak, stupid,door mat and he is just sad and weak.		So far there has been no romance, what did I pay all this money for?		There was no romance, he did nothing for me to like.  And I'm sorry but how long does it take for a women to start showing she is pregnant?  You would know first when you don't get your monthly visit.  So three to four weeks, her dresses would not be tighter.		I will not read this author again and wish I could get my money back.
1,Don't remember why I downloaded it, maybe sounded interesting.  It is a very short story that goes nowhere.  Don't bother reading it, as it is a waste of time.  This is the first book/story I have ever given only one star.
1,This is the second book in the series that I have read and it's not much better than the first one. There are a lot of errors (words missing, tense changes, and more) There was one point I was so confused I read the same passage three times and it never made sense. Keep trying, and get a better editor, the one you use sucks.
1,Very hard to flip from one chapter and verse to a different one. Will be looking for a different publisher. Our ESV & NIV versions work much easier.
1,This book was disappointing, primarily because it was listed as a top selling book. None of the characters in the book were strong.  I was disappointed.
1,I liked the plot, didn't like the characters.  Writing is poor, each sentence is about 10 words long with little varation.  Verb tense is all over the place and word choice is unusual to say the least.  All of this combines to make the reading not very enjoyable as you get distracted by the crude structure. I'll try book 2 to see if it improves but I don't have high hopes.
1,Not at all what I was expecting but for free what could I expect.  It was ok and maybe if I read more of this author's books it would make more sense.
1,Its an average Katie MacAlister story and I swear I've read it somewhere else but I guess that's what you get for buying something before you read the description
1,So far I have been unable to access any of my issues which I purchased a subscription in March 2014...  I haven't had time to call BHG, frustrated!
1,The characters are vapid and shallow, except for perhaps Violet. What could have been a charming story was ruined by the writer's inability to allow the reader to come to their own conclusions as the story progressed and seemed to believe the reader in capable of figuring out what was going on between the characters. For example, when Lord Souten had asked Vera to obtain a sample of Violet's handwriting, it was clear that some attempt at forgery would be made. It was completely unnecessary for the writer to spell out that the fake elopement letter was a forgery written by someone else in the hopes of throwing all those who may, looking for Violet.		I'm glad that this book was free and would have been irritated had I paid even a few dollars.
1,I received a free digital copy from storycartel in exhange for a review.		This book had great voice, and the theme is good.		Belaboring of the character's points was too much and it slowed the pace at too many points in the book. I felt that her dialogue were repeated in different ways without moving forward. Some of the sentence structure was awkward, and I was distracted by the lack of needed punctuation and correct formatting.		This book has potential because the theme is good, people can relate to the character regarding self-image, and the ending was cute. Overall, with some polish, and more character development and setting, I believe the book can be incredible.
1,This was my first time reading from this author. I was very disappointed. It started fine and then it just dragged. Storyline was hard to follow, I had a couple pages that repeated itself. It has a happy ending but was very hard to stay with it.
1,Sweet story set in my hometown but told in annoying first person present tense.  Repeated use of substandard "anyways" was also annoying.  The free price was about right.
1,I started reading this and I wasn't  impressed. I skipped to the end and it had a sitcom type all's well and forgiven vibe. Then I found out it was written by Mandy Roth under  a pen name. Well Sh! t I'm surprised.
1,This book was a total rip off of a Sherlock Holms book, made into a romance.  Boo hiss
1,Was not very good.
1,The story if there was one needed to be developed.  I liked the characters though,  I would have loved to see how Dylan would have handled their relationship. Teenage, special needs child, ignorant ex-husband and a strong,weak,vulnerable, older woman.
1,***SPOILERS INCLUDED***		I read the first book in the Intention series as part of a collection of books and was so intrigued that I purchased Grave Intention immediately after finishing with the first.		The first part of Grave Intention was interesting and I was happily reading along anticipating yet another great story.  I especially loved the British words and phrases used by the author.	Sadly though, about halfway through the book it all just changed.  I started wondering whom, exactly, I should be feeling sorry for.  It certainly wasn't Charles Dugan, whom Ellen Brazil has been hired to find.  Mr. Dugan has lost his wife and daughter in a home fire and has also been beaten severely by the goons of a loan shark/poker game 'entrepreneur'.  As the story progresses though, Dugan is shown to be a weak, bumbling, gambling addicted idiot.  He flails around trying to get the loan shark to pardon his large debt.	The unbelievable antics in this book are especially irritating.  We are expected to believe that Dugan can operate his vehicle, scale fence walls, clean up an abandoned cottage, and kidnap a woman while suffering from a broken arm so severe that the bone is protruding from the skin, with only the aid of a bandage and some stolen morphine.  The fact that Dugan doesn't develop gangrene from the injury is idiotic.		One reason I really wanted to continue with this series is because of the issue of the protagonist's mother and stepfather...the latter being horribly abusive to the former.  That bit of plot line had been left up in the air at the end of the first book and I was anxious to see how it progressed.	Again, at the halfway mark, this part of the story took a bizarre turn.  Where Ellen and her brother, Jim, had once stood united in their concern for their battered mother (currently in the hospital after having fallen into a coma from being pushed down the stairs by her husband) suddenly Jim turns against Ellen for no apparent reason.  Ellen and Jim's mother is another weak character, seeming to be totally enamored of her abuser and not out of fear, but because she must love the abuse.	Ellen is the only one who doesn't want to just sweep the issue under the rug and 'play nice'.  Her refusal to do so estranges her from the rest of her family.  This makes absolutely no sense, as she and her brother had formerly been very close and on the same page about the issue.		The rest of the book is nothing but lazy writing on the part of the author.  It's as if M.A. Comley just suddenly became very bored with the book and decided to write whatever came to mind to get it over with and wrap it all up in a tidy bow.	After more bumbling around by Charles Dugan, it is finally revealed that he set the fire that killed his family (which was not a surprise at all).  The surprise was that his 'reason' for doing this was to save his family from the retribution that the loan shark had meted out to him.  It is offhandedly mentioned that he must have done this as a result of head trauma sustained from the beating...whatever.	On the family front of the story, another 'tra-la-la' moment occurs when Jim, for the second time, tricks Ellen into coming to his house to be confronted by their mother and her abuser.  Suddenly, it seems that the evil stepfather has NOT pushed his beloved down the stairs, but that it was actually an accident.	The story ends with Ellen apologizing to this collective bunch of idiots and asking to start fresh.  Revolting.		Ellen is the only redeeming character in this book and in the end she was sacrificed so that the author could finish up the book on a 'happy' note.  What a massive disappointment after the raw, engaging story line of the first book.	And sadly, even the use of charming British phrases played itself out with the word 'scrummy' being overused to the point of nausea.
1,I do not recommend reading this author, the grammar in both of her books is about 4th grade it really makes reading her stories very difficult.  I read her first book and thought surely the second one would of been cleaned up but I was wrong.  Like they say on TV don't waste your time.
1,The author, in an attempt to set up a series of books, has created an unfocused, disjointed novel. The "superman" protagonist could have been a strong main character, but was weaken by the author's undeveloped mini plots. The chapters about a magical kingdom with magical creatures had nothing to do with anything; they were "just there."
1,Same ole story....
1,I know another one I didn't read.. I read so many that they have to really get my interest in the first pages but if it goes on and on from book to book, then good bye book
1,It is almost the exact same story as the Annihilate Me series.  Except, it has even more cattiness and designer fashion talk.  I enjoyed the Annihilate Me series, but really?  Write something new!  The smack talk is way too much!  I bought the boxed set for Unleash Me.  I wish I hadn't because I wasn't able to even finish the first story.  Awful.
1,Well I was expecting a lot from Sophie as I enjoyed the other books, this although it's the shortest is the least that I like. It's like a full trailer with no heavy twists-- I don't know perhaps I just found it too predictable. Although this was a little short of my expectations for the author, I like that it is free and it is good for a snack break read.
1,I read the first book in the series after picking it up for free during Read an eBook week, then bought the compilation of Books 1-3 while wanting to continue the journey of John and Charlie.		Book 1 was great - a believable plot and technology, good character interaction, and storyline sequencing from the author.		Book 2 had a few rough spots as there appeared to be a lot of assumptions about what was going on, with subsequent backtracking by the author to get you up to speed, with the dramatic conclusion being kind of "iffy" from a believability standpoint.  In other words, the last 25% of the book began to get a little weird.		Book 3 has the characters off on a new rescue / mission of indeterminate need - if there was a purpose, I'll never know it as I put the book down, never to be picked up again: that's saying a lot as I rarely just stop reading a book where I have invested this much time.  The writing style seems much different comparing book 1 to book 3, which makes you wonder if it was the same author or has the author changed his own style significantly in the time between the writing of the books.  From really foul language, a totally unnecessary human-on-alien sex scene, to just a very hard to follow / jerky writing style book 3 is just another in the long line of science fiction garbage.		If you've read book 1, I'd recommend stopping right then as it was a great story.  The slope downhill with Book 2 and Book 3 will just make you mad and be disappointed so save your money and don't buy this compilation.
1,This book goes on much longer than it should. The author was really reaching to make a book length manuscript here. Of all the Montana Brides book so far, this is the dumbest of them all. There's no plot and it just drags on and on. As with the first books, there are multiple writing errors. It's not just typos either. It's words the author obviously has no idea of the proper usage. For example - scoff down wedding cake? How dumb is that? I wouldn't bother with this one. At least the others have some little bit of plot to them.
1,Hated it. Had to delete it.
1,Just Awful! Just nasty.  I was sorry that I bought it and the whole series.  I deleted all of them.
1,This was an unbelievably stupid plot.  Why would a prostitute who is so eager to escape his awful life just be willing to give up all his money for an old lady who never really did anything to help him?  How the 2 MC's supposedly fell in love was so lacking in chemistry I just rolled my eyes. Tis is one of those RARE awful Stormy Glenn books.
1,I`ve enjoyed the other books in the series but not this one.  Way to confusing.  The jumping around to different time points is a complete departure from the style of the other books.  There are some elements of this that i liked.  I really hope the conclusion makes this worth while but I`m going to wait for some reviews.  Also this each insallment should be given its own name.  Calling them Chapters _ to _ is pathetic.
1,The stories take place around the year 2076 after the Tiberius Group overtakes and rules the U.S.  They create laws against women.  Women are not allowed to hold jobs, own any finances or investments, go to school, walk outside without their husband or a blood male relative, etc.  They are put up for auction to the highest bidder for men to buy them as wives.  Those not sold as wives must live in institutions performing menial labor.  A lot of the stories revolve around these issues and the stresses and unhappiness of women because of this.  That makes the book somewhat depressing.  I compare it to Jaid Black's books about the underground Viking society that occasionally kidnaps women from above and auctions them off as wives.  Her stories are more fun and escapist.  The women are horrified at first, but end up loving their husbands and living a happy life.  The Wives Tales are not nearly as fun.  There are too many victims.  Although I did enjoy the third story more than the first two, I probably wouldn't recommend buying the book.  The reason this qualifies as paranormal is that the three men in the three stories are genetically enhanced in slightly different ways.  The genetic enhancements are a minor part of the stories.  Setting: around 2076 earth and a moon of Mars.  Genre: paranormal romance.  The three stories follow.		2 stars to The Miner's Wife.  Hannah is sent to a moon of Mars mining colony and is sold to Brutal, a miner for a temporary one year marriage.  The author used one of my pet peeves: creating conflict through vague communication and inaccurate assumptions.  They quickly fall in love with each other, but they think the other does not want him/her.  He even goes so far as to free her to return to earth without him.  Normal open communication would have solved the problem.  Sexual language: erotic.  Number of sex scenes: nine.		1 star to The Executive's Wife.  Sophie is an employee of the company owned by Matt.  They are attracted to each other from afar but do not act on it.  When the wife auction is required for women, Matt buys her as his wife.  His father is a senator and tries to have the marriage annuled.  He wants Matt to marry Andrea, the daughter of the governor and then to eventually run for Pres of the U.S.  Matt loves Sophie and dislikes Andrea and doesn't want to be in politics.		CAUTION SPOILERS:  The senator and governor lie, scheme, blackmail and create false video tape evidence to take to the court to force Matt to marry Andrea.  Instead of interesting conflict, this was depressing, as if he were being framed for something.  Added to the Tiberius environment against women, and this story was doubly depressing and no fun.  I also found a lack of character development for Matt and Sophie.  The author described them as liking sex with each other, but not much else.  Sexual language: erotic.  Number of sex scenes: ten.		3 stars to The Lawman's Wife.  The characters Grace and Jon were more interesting in this story than the characters in the first two stories.  She had been raped years earlier and has since had fears of dark enclosed places and being restrained by handcuffs.  She meets Jon when she is forced to ride in an elevator which gets stuck, and she clutches him in fear.  He later buys her at an auction to save her from going to an institution, but doesn't plan to marry her himself.  He ends up falling in love with her.		CAUTION SPOILERS:  The rapist, who is also a serial murderer, is then let free from jail by a Tiberius magistrate who is stupid, illogical and narrow-minded.  The rapist claims he wants custody of the illegitimate child because he wants to sell the girl to a special school.  The judge grants custody to him, without any regard for the mother and Jon who had started adoption proceedings.  This was a little too much victimization for me.  Not only were the laws bad, but an individual magistrate was bad.  Although this was the best of the three stories, it wasn't good enough to recommend buying the book.  Sexual language: erotic.  Number of sex scenes: four.
1,Too much bad language sexual content
1,I love tigers. I love babies. I love shifters. And I love British Columbia. What could possibly go wrong here?		There is something I get itchy pants about and it is over-sentimentality of heroes in novels. What I'm saying is that if your main man cries more than a pregnant woman or a toddler he is not my book boyfriend. I won't lie and say that the book cover didn't do some of the selling of this novel for me because this guy does not look like a sad Sally. It may be a case of this book looks like a nice vacation site but the stay is flat out underwhelming.		Kristen is a kitten who needs a man of her own kind that can make her purr in the sack. In this shifter book it throws in the caveat that people mate with people, wolves mate with wolves, and tigers make babies with other tigers. That is nice IMO; I'm partial to it because I get distracted when I am stuck wondering about the genetic volubility of a pairing. Like what does a bunny and alligator offspring would look like, you don't know how many times I tried to visualise iguanas with floppy ears and button butts from the strange crossbreed shifter novels. Jade White made the logical plot choice and I really liked that. That is what gives this novel 2 stars.		The story itself was overburdened with this weepy melodrama in a way that was cloying. The suspense lost something because there was a lack of that strong alpha male persona that gives a good book a back bone. It doesn't even HAVE to be a strong male it can be a rocking female--what it can't be is two passive wimps to the extent that you are reading about equally submissive characters that can't bring the story up to where it is buoyant and compelling.		While this book didn't work for me I can assure you that I still love British Columbia, tigers, babies and purr purrs furballs.
1,Book never finished the story it just ended really weird .
1,two stars because it was well written, but did not like the heroine in the book - just plain annoyed me
1,Main characters: Damon and Gail. Story's told from alternating POV.	Additional characters: Abby and Jason. Kyle and Lily	Gail suffered a knee injury from a car accident. Gail underwent physical therapy sessions. Gail decided to become a physical therapist after losing her softball scholarship. Gail worked to pay off her own bills accumulated from the accident. She also helped with her sisters bills. Caroline her sister has autism. Gail's hours at work were cut leaving her in a financial crunch. Abby suggested a roommate to help with the rent.	Enter Damon. Damon is Jason's younger brother. Damon is the take control type of guy who is not afraid to go after what he wants.	The story itself is sweet. One too many details highlighting every situation though. The story needs to address the romance and focus more on the two main characters. I've yet to feel a connection for them with the other characters occupying the same amount of storyline. It's becoming an insta-love story. The banter between siblings is teasing in nature. The banter between Damon and Gail is flirtatious. The men in the story pamper their women and put them on a pedestal.	This is the fifth book in the series. This can be read as a standalone. This was the first I had read from the series. The story focused on quality family time and spending time with friends. All the couples are in the honeymoon stages of their relationship. I felt the author spent too much time writing about a list of qualities that define a good relationship checking them off one by one.
1,I, too, am a sucker for retellings of the Beauty and the Beast story.  However, for anyone to even compare this book to Robin McKinley's book is ludicrous.  Her story was a polished work of literature.  This effort was amateurish and almost juvenile.  It was an interesting twist on the story and so much could have been done with the premise, but the characters and dialogue were childish, the descriptions shallow and incomplete.  Certain words like "horrible" and "terrible" were overused. Important background information was never divulged, subplots were abandoned, and it just seemed unfinished in so many ways. I just can't recommend this book.
1,This was a book that I suspect suffered from the over hyped problem. Quite a few people have raved about this book, unfortunately, it just did not work for me. The first few chapters definitely impacted on my ability to become fully invested in the story and characters. It was hard to get going with reading. Paige seemed to always be carrying around this woe is me attitude...even in the midst of the wonder that was her burgeoning relationship with Adam.		Then she takes many actions that were wholly incompatible with what she tells us is important to her. Her actions make no sense at all. This starts from when she shares about her adventures, to her first and subsequent actions with Adam. I'm uncomfortable with the use of serious mental health issues being used to drive plot points, and this book uses them a plenty.		The romance element with the use of mental health issues, just did not sit well with me at all. It is a very different take, but not for me.  I much prefer Melissa's Guardians of Summerfeld series - something that you should check out to really appreciate this author.
1,Sometimes it is difficult to define exactly why one does not care for a book.  Not so much this time.  The central characters were not well formed.  Their emotional motivations were juvenile and, thus, so were most of their actions.  The core of each of their personal dramas provides ample material for creating well defined individuals.  Rather than do so, the author provided characters who seemed to be stuck in junior high school.		The plot as applied to the murder suffered from much the same.  The story was simple and the behavior of the secondary characters unrealistic, even for a work of fiction.  The dialogue was stilted and the repeated use of the term "jewels" in place of jewelry was jaring.  20 somethings have seldom, if ever, used that term to describe "bling".		The editing was exceptionally poor.  While it is not unusual to find editing errors in e-books, this was beyond a few goofs.		Why not a one star rating, you ask?  Because I have been to the Caribbean and the book did evoke fond memories of the sea breezes and the blue sea.
1,This book has very poor character development from the get go. I also found that the world building was excessively preachy. Perhaps it is because I detest the idea that lives should be lived at minimum levels of achievement; however, the fourth time the author explained the basis of the books world view I became a solid supporter of the bad guys.		If this author can learn to be subtle in incorporating his world view into his stories then he will turn out a solid worth the money read. As it stands he has a long way to go.		The basic story line was reasonable and could have been a solid upper middle of the pack read. That is what I look for mostly. Something that will allow me to escape the work-a-day world into a believe able adventure to relax, enjoy, and do to the bad guys what they deserve. That way I don't do it to the cretins that I have to deal with in life.  Tis a real disappointment to find myself in a story that the good guys seem to be the cretins.
1,This story needed plot and character development. It had great bones and it was the start or a juicy and dramatic plot line, but it just wasn't written well. It was just so flats and lacking any real depth or substantial story telling. It started great but the middle and ending was lackluster and lacked realism. So disappointing.
1,This book is twisted in the abuse put forth against Sarah, by her boss Travis. It is almost a classic case of the victim falling in love with her abuser. Yes, this is abuse, due to the fact that it is not consensual with both parties. You don't force someone to marry you, especially when they are insecure with themselves and life in general.
1,I liked Zack as a character through the previous couple of books, as a semi-innocent, damaged man coming into his own. But his actions in this one really put me off him.		SPOILERS:	PS Power spent four books building Keeley up to where she felt safe and had a household. She's just won a major victory in surviving her first Crucible, and has done in in a way that allows her to preserve her innocence (as opposed to sacrificing another to save herself)  In this book, Zack, who's supposed to be perceived sympathetically:	1) Rapes her (note: she's 16)	2) Compels her via bargain to have sex with four other different people (She previously managed to stay a virgin through her entire series)	3) KILLS her, several times	4) Breaks her household apart by said killing, which shatters all her deals and bonds	5) Enslaves her mother, the girl she was sort of heading into a romance with, and her main assistant.		Not because he actually wants them for himself. No, he's set up as a sort of zen demon who doesn't need anything for himself. He does this because someone else has decided that she needs to be tested to destruction, and doesn't tell HER, but tells Zack, and suggests he use this knowledge as leverage - and even suggests the bargain he should aim for. And to top all this off, she is still feared by demon-kind as the Mistress of Souls, but he kills her casually and easily, yet he's still not considered a prime target by other demons. HE hasn't been selected for early Crucibles or anything similar.		Another point is that he gets MASSIVELY pissed at her when she apparently tries to enslave him *by accident*, but when he finds out that it wasn't her, and that it was a deliberate act, he's like "meh". He treats the demon who stole him, trapped him in the inroads, and forced him to eat his own parents, better than this girl who's presented as a fairly nice sort.
1,Kind of repetitive, we understand they like each other but there is something obstructing the relationship.
1,Not very interesting was disappinted in the author
1,I'm not sure why I chose this book - but I was disappointed from the very beginning - entirely too flippant about the subject matter.
1,Weak, sophomoric, and dare I say beyond boring. There were so many stereotypes that I was in a constant state of uh and really as I read this. I don't know but a victim would not allow themselves to be groped or maybe they would. This is a summation of story girl goes to party sees hot Asian guy(lackluster) he doesn't seem interested so she dances with ex. This leads to groping and almost rape. In comes hot guy who saved her and calls the police. Bad guy is supposed to be corrupt cop. She is unemployed and is being a right witch to parents who or paying for everything. Has hots for guy but wait he has a girlfriend but she isn't a home wrecker. She wants to thank Wei for saving her so she invites him to lunch only mentions girlfriend at restaurant. Huh? Boring dialog in walks ex and Wei and ex fight. She is scared passes out. Awaken with a kiss insert fairytale reference really. At this point I realize my brain is shutting down from lackluster plot and characters. Skip to end and just as dull as the start. One star for putting work out there but yeah a pass on this for me.
1,Way to explicit, didn't need that for the almost rape that happened.  Disturbing!
1,Nope not for me & I've read multiple books by this author & I've enjoyed them immensely. I got to chapter 6 & was done, couldn't do it anymore. I like characters that interact not stay closed up in their freaking heads. UGH!!
1,I didn't feel the writing was good. The first story was mostly poorly written dialogue. I just couldn't get in to the stories.
1,Too vanilla.
1,This so called  romance is about as exciting as a gynecological exam.  Within an hour of meeting the so called hero we are "entertained" with a graphic description of unsafe sex.  Really it was as a waste of my time.  Worth exactly what I paid for it; nothing.
1,I thought this was going to be a really cool looking colourful magazine giving lots of tips on how to make fire, find food, find water in places where it is scarce, survive an attack by various animals, other people, road rage incidents and the like.  Maybe some basic camping tips, trapping animals, put out a fire, all the main things.  Maybe a true tale or two thrown in.  It's not a professional magazine at all.		This is a homemade looking Microsoft Word propaganda speech assuming you the reader a complete moron, will become paranoid and then believe any of this BS enough to buy the products the author is selling. It covers a few different topics and gives a little bit of advice on dressing a wound or something but you've got to skim through all the ridiculous blame game stuff to find it. Survivalist doesn't look like a magazine at all, just a lot of text on a white background with the odd photo inserted (usually when selling binoculars or a gun or something) in between paragraphs (the author doesn't even obviously know how the wrap around text feature works for an image in a document).		There are some good survival guides out there without the hate propaganda such as&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Deadly-Perils-And-How-to-Avoid-Them/dp/080278738X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Deadly Perils: And How to Avoid Them</a>&nbsp;or if you want to learn the skills with a bit of humour&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Action-Hero-s-Handbook-How-to-Catch-a-Great-White-Shark-Perform-the-Vulcan-Nerve-Pinch-Track-a-Fugitive-and-Dozens-of-Other-TV-and-Movie-Skills/dp/193168605X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Action Hero's Handbook: How to Catch a Great White Shark, Perform the Vulcan Nerve Pinch, Track a Fugitive, and Dozens of Other TV and Movie Skills</a>&nbsp;is also worth a look.
1,This book has a great premise with a lot of potential. Unfortunately it appears the author didn't bother with an editor or beta readers. The grammatical, punctuation, spelling errors, as well as incomplete sentences, and missing words make this so difficult to read it wasn't worth the effort. If the author ever bothers to put forth the effort to clean this up, I would be interested in giving it another try.
1,This not a series.  Why do authors end a book in the middle of the story?  A series is the Mob Boss by Mallory or the Blake Boys by Rhonda Laurel.  It appears the author had a book decided to just chop it up in parts and call it a series.  The hero and the heroine are not likeable in this book.  Sasha is just too much of a doormat.  She is this college graduate about to finish her master's degree in International Relations but acts like she's in high school. Dmitri is an arrogant jerk.  He tells her she's not his type but she's like a little puppy starving for his scraps of affection. The author wants us to believe she is this innocent that had a crappy loveless life.  She comes across as a spineless wimp.  When she finally shows some  semblance of assertiveness the book ends. The supporting characters are too cartoonish.  Dmitri's father is so evil and controling he disowns his son.  But he shows up to berate his disowned son and to belittle Sasha.  Ugh and she takes it.  Perhaps the H and h will be redeemed in part 2.  Good thing this was available through Kindle Unlimited.  If not, I would have requested a refund and would not consider reading part 2.  Authors seeking faithful readers need to stop this now.
1,Book was ok until I got to the part of his "honey skin and blue eyes. Where have all the black men gone? If I had known the author was so infatuated with white guys I never would have bought her book. I want waste my money on another one.
1,I found this book unbeleivable. The characters were ordinary. I just turned pages until I came to the fake happy ending.	I would not recommend this book.
1,More like three nights in ZZZZZZZZZZZ. lol. Sorry didn't like it.
1,Not my favorite. The main character finds out she is unexpectedly expecting.  Loser live in boyfriend bails.  Christians are quirky, not really good role models, except for one older neighbor.  Definitely not for the immature.
1,This was quite painful to read actually.  Not the whole book.  The beginning was perfectly fine.  Seemed to also take them forever to get to Maine.  The book moved a little slow.  There were so many different things going on it ended up being choppy and not flowing well.  There were 5 women and men being paired up.  I think that's a big reason this book didn't work.  That's just too many to deal with all at once.  We saw no relationship or romance development at least not much.  Sex scenes were either skipped over or were written poorly and rushed.  Unanswered questions remained.  We would be focused on one thing happening and then something else would be the focus and it left me scratching my head sometimes.  I got about halfway when I started to doubt I should finish it.  I'd say I got about 3/4 the way through before I called it quits.  It was just confusing and burning and slow!  I really think this book should have been split up or maybe not split the focus so much.  I also didn't care a whole lot for the women's attitudes and their way of thinking.  Zoya comes to mind.  Just didn't like her.  She seemed to want to cause waves if I am quoting her.  She seems a little jealous of Alex because she got Boyd and tries to make a play for him at the start.  I dunno I just dislike women like that.  Its an ok story just couldn't keep the right flow and delve into one or two things at once instead of throwing all this information at the reader and expecting us to just understand it all.  Doesn't work that way.  Sorry.
1,Storyline had potential but there was a lot of back and forth drama. Honestly Olivia was incredibly immature and down right annoying at times.
1,I got this book due to all the positive reviews.  It took me a while to get into it, I actually started reading  it then put it down and read another book.  I decided to get back to the book to read and I just didn't like it.  First of all, I just didn't like Gabriela.  She was whiney, always asking Ben how could he be interested in her over and over  again, jumping to conclusions I just couldn't stand her.  The other thing I didn't like was the smoking of the weed.  I mean these are grown folks and they smoke weed all the time and even the mother was okay with them smoking in her house??  It just turned me off.
1,I really can't believe that I wasted time or money on this story. Extremely repetitive, yeah, I get that it's raining and hasn't stopped for a very long time. Instead of repeatedly telling us that it's raining, maybe the author could actually tell a story. I rarely write negative reviews, I can usually find something good in the books that I read. The only thing positive that I can say here is that the basic idea sounded good.  Bottom line - I won't be getting part 2 and wasting any more time on this series.
1,I thought there would be more to this, but it's just a simple list maker with no bells and whistles.  Because I have a basic Kindle that doesn't have a keyboard, it would take forever to actually make a good list with this...will not be using it!
1,well this just sucked! i thought this would be Vann's story but it wasn't really. in part i guess it was but more a lead up to the next book. NO HEA just a cliffhanger. if i had known that ahead of time i wouldn't have purchased this book! not fair to make it so i have to buy the next one just to see Vann's story. that would be fine if i had been told straight up then i could have decided if i wanted to spend almost $5 on a book that is just a lead up to the really story i wanted to read. Think i will just call it quits now and forget about the rest of the story.
1,....that a wealthy guy on his way to illegally purchase some African slaves for his plantation would land on an island visited by cannibals.	The book wasn't meant to be racist, nor to expose the castaway's rather obvious and endlessly moralizing father complex (if only I had listened to Dad instead of rebelling, I'd have been more godlike and better off financially, etc.), which intrudes even into his dreams, let alone the persecutory promptings which make him spend years building fences around his compound.  Even so, these elements make it an interesting psychological study in what happens to the Anglo colonizer mentality when it encounters years of solitude--and then, finally, what Jung would have called its shadow, in the form of subservient Friday, whose life has been saved, not out of compassion, but from a need for an able fellow navigator off the island.  It won't surprise the reader that one of the first words Crusoe teaches him is "Master."	Not recommended for children except as an examination of archaically unabashed white superiority left to its own devices.
1,The author seems to delight in ambiguity about the characters, the groups they represent, their motivations and the scenery. I never could figure out what was going on, in other words. Too many typos and grammatical errors. Even a good editor couldn't save this nonsense, however.
1,Poor translation, awkward to read. And none of the recipes even approach artisanal.		Artisinal:	1.pertaining to or noting a person skilled in an applied art: The men were taught artisanal skills such as bricklaying and carpentry.	2.pertaining to or noting a high-quality or distinctive product made in small quantities, usually by hand or using traditional methods: artisanal cheese; artisanal cheesemakers.		Many of the recipes call for canned sauces, frozen pasta, frozen vegetable mixes, etc. There isn't even a recipe to make fresh pasta by hand. The recipes might be easy, but they aren't artisanal.
1,I hate writing this but I did Not like this book at all.  I had no love for Piper or anything to do with her.  I fell for this book bc I thought there would be more of Mason and his little girl!  The little girl is hardly in there!  I don't feel a connection bn Piper and Mason.  I did not understand if family was so important why did Piper hardly Ever talk to her parents!!  There was no connection bn the family other than the fact they had Sunday brunch together !  I did not get the tattoo the other sister got, I guess I had to read the other books but heck No!  This was so slow and boring!!!!  It picked up around 80% whenever Piper started explaining why she acted the way she did.. boring!  I am a sympathetic person but dang I did not feel get emotional over bc it just dragged out so long that she was mean and ungrateful!!!  I wanted to like her!  I felt for her at the end whenever she connected with Hailey!  Why couldn't that have happened earlier!  She was so co dependent on Charlie that it nauseated me!  The sex scenes I skipped over bc the book just drained me in a bad way!!  It seemed like the author made a big deal out of Mason getting the tattoo Roxann!!!  Hellooooo, we didn't care!!!  How was that relevant other than the fact she wanted to play her in a play and that was her favorite movie?  I was not impressed!	 I didn't read a sample and just went off the good reviews.... God, I will never do that again !!!
1,I gave this book two stars because I felt that it was an okay read. For me I needed more background info on the main character and there wasn't any.
1,I am really irritated when I buy an item expecting to get a book....and instead get one chapter as a teaser and  that's it...the end. Previews are fine but I don't expect to pay book prices for them.
1,If you like enemas, humiliation , forced sex and punishment this is the book for you. I did ask myself a couple of times What the heck? as this book is nothing like I have ever read before.		I received a free copy of this book  and am voluntarily leaving a review.
1,This is the 3rd book in the January Cove series, and I have to say I did not like it at all. Other than the awful, tragic happenings on 9/11, the characters and story were so unbelievable and unrealistic. Having been a mother of two fourteen year olds, I can tell you that they don't turn their attitudes around on a dime, no matter what the situation is. The whole story whirled by so fast I couldn't keep up. This definitely is a romantic "fantasy". It's so bad, as it could have been a great story line. Because I got the book set free on Amazon, I will continue with the next couple left.
1,I deleted the book from my Kindle unread. Why? Because I couldn't read it! The entire manuscript was one long sentence - there wasn't ONE indentation in the entire book! I really, really wonder about all these five star reviews. Did anyone REALLY read this....this...thing?
1,There just wasn't enough apps reviewed. This kind of book should be more specific, and have a broader coverage of apps. A section called apps to avoid wouldn't hurt either.
1,This will be the first that I didn't like from this author.  I really find it's so hard for me to follow what she was trying to tell in this story.  Believe me, I tried really hard, and read again and again.  Sorry, I didn't  like this one so far.
1,I did not read the entire book.  I read the reviews and noticed that one reviewer liked that the main character attended church so I thought I would read the first few pages before making the purchase.  I was mislead in thinking that because the main character attended church, the book would be free of offensive language, it was not.  It did not take long to read the "F bomb".  I was glad to see it early so I did not waste my time or money on this book.
1,The stories were okay but the book was very short.  There were spelling errors but I assume the author wrote just as he received them without making corrections.
1,This book just didn't do it for me which is a shame because I really like this author and have enjoyed a few of his other books. The story just didn't seem to flow and the characters weren't relatable or particularly likeable also the ending was predictable and I just didn't like this book .
1,Do not care for multiple people in a relationship
1,Having read all of the authors books I felt she was onto something that most everyone writing about Bigfoot today doesn't have like - Bigfoot living in their backyard!  Based on that fact, and the quest of her family trying their best to live a normal life I feel that her situation is now affecting her greatly.  And even though she is experiencing paranormal experiences now her explanation of it left me guessing in whether or not it was real.  This book is not at all like her other books and instead, became  a channel in which to vent her frustrations out in her quest to understand a creature that still today remains unknown.  I believe that this author is a great writer and needs to remain on the topic instead of giving a lot information that many may already know about concerning Bigfoot.  Somehow the author forgot that we just wanted to hear about her experience without so much research detail, and frustrative venting that's apparent, and hard to read.
1,At first the story seems interesting, but really instead of any plot development, we just follow a pretty random string of loosely tied events. Author just seems to rush forward from fight to fight as soon as he can, skipping such detail like character development, the plot or logic. In many points of the book you see some decision point and characters discussing it (or thinking about it) and deciding hey "yea lets do this thing thats good idea" and what they do is the dumbest things they could have done. (Kinda hard to explain otherwise without any spoilers)		The fights and recovery from wounds is like taken from computer RPG game. It seems you can survive any kind of wounds as long you have some "hit points" remaining. And you can easily identify "great" warriors not by any special skill, but by the amount of wounds they survive.	Worst thing is, in some cases you can get away with over-powerful resistant character, by giving some background or special abilities to them. But here is absolutely nothing.	It literally looks like the author has based this on some MORPG/RPG game, where we can have level 80 warrior with 10000 hitpoints who can "tank 10 gut wounds", while other level 1 die from stepping on his toes."		There is no depth or any real development to characters. Also the one character that everyone must help because hes so weak and frail is so extremely annoying that sooner or later you begin to really really hate him.
1,As a former technical writer, I found the book entertaining as a thoroughly bad example.  The author can't even properly conjugate the verb to be.  The author also doesn't understand American eating habits.  The storyline is a disjointed mess that I finally gave up trying to follow because the effort was giving me a headache.		As a thoroughly bad example of terrible writing it did become entertaining for me because of my background, experience and education.
1,I truly hated this book could and would not finish it.
1,I only bought excerpt and decided it is not for me.
1,I really did enjoy this book. I liked the plot and the premise and all that. And hello, there's a brooding large highlander in here, so yeah, that was a huge plus. The things that I didn't really like about this are:	(A) Andie, though she showed bravery and courage, I found it hard to take her seriously because she had such childish tantrums that I felt didn't suit her character.	(B) there were a lot of slow moments where I just ended up skipping because I felt like nothing of interest was happening.	(C) insta-love is my number one pet peeve -- especially when not done correctly. There is an instant of insta-I-Wanna-Marry-You-And-Have-Tons-Of-Babies in this book that didn't seem to fall in line with how that specific character had been portrayed previous to this thunder bolt of love.	(D) I do love me a long ass story. I really do. But with this, it was just too long and for the wrong reasons. I felt like a lot of it could have been taken out.		There are a few other things that I didn't like, but i do not regret reading this ebook. And might even read some of my favorite parts again at some point.
1,I didn't make it very far into this book before I stopped reading and deleted it. The woman has moved in with the husband and child of her recently deceased sister to "help out". From the first page the husband and sister are lusting after each other with barely a thought to the dead wife. Every lust-filled reaction by either of them just offended me, it was so insensitive. Grief generally leaves people emotionally numb. Apparently these two people are too busy lusting after each other to grieve. I would have been okay with them starting to be attracted to each other as they supported each other through the healing process, but this was just too much too soon.
1,I wanted to like this book, I really did.  I am a fan of the podcast that this book was based on and I have listened to every episode.  (All hail the mighty Glow Cloud!).  But this book?  This book was just soooo tedious and boring that I literally fell asleep a few times while I was reading it.  I would force myself to keep reading in order to try and find out what happened but I just got to a point where I said, "I can't do this anymore," and I put down the book.		It's like they tried too hard to make this weird, and have all kinds of things happening that would remind you of the strange creepiness that happened in the podcast.  And they tried so hard to make it like the podcast that it just ruined the book.  It takes forever to get from one plot point to another and sometimes I wanted to shout out loud to the book, GET ON WITH IT ALREADY!!!		I made it to page 210 and all I know about the plot is that the man in the tan jacket is handing out pieces of paper that have "King City," written on it to everyone he meets, and Jackie, the woman who runs the pawn shop, is trying to find out what it means.  Seriously, after 210 pages and that's all I can tell you about the plot of this book.  Everything else is just padding out the book to make it longer and it adds practically nothing to the overall story.		Cecil is in the book a little bit, he shows up every once in a while to do a little blurb of strangeness but that's about it.  It's sad because it's based on some really great source material and they just didn't know how to successfully transition that into a novel.  There really was a lot of potential there.		Bottom line, don't read this.
1,Once you get past the gorgeous cover art, this is a fairly tedious hybrid of several popular plotlines- Red Dawn, Falling Skies come quickly to mind among others.		The heroine Prentiss Pucket awakes to find herself a in concentration camp along wiht her friends. Her boyfriend is missing and she begins to search. She soon finds that they may being drugged and experimented on while they sleep. Overhearing a conversaion between the people who run the camp, toward the end of the first installment, she finds that they may be aliens!!!!!		I was getting so bored by the time i clicked my way to the end of this short novel that i honestly don't recall the last chapter.		Also don't care for the commercial plan of breaking a single book up into 4-5 short installments. Just my preference to DL one time.		Writing is ok.	Narrative -dull	Dialogue - so, so	Characterization- on the lame side	Plot- derivative and formulaic		If you need a pill to go to sleep, try this instead. its free!
1,It starts out slow, gets better in the middle, then lost my interest to where I was skimming the book just to finish it. The main characters don't meet until about 20% into the book. Don't waste your time and money there are better books and characters out there.
1,The book started at the ending of the Free preview. But then after about 60 pages ends and The Free preview starts all over again!! This book should not contain the Free preview as it separate  book. This is how it goes You read a Free preview(the beginning of the Book. You buy the 2nd book ,read about 60 pages  and the the Free preview begins. This second book is not a full book. Although I like the story I will not buy the 3rd book, because  of this deception.
1,Nowhere near the previous "Moxie + Miles or Ryan + Brandon. books. I imagine it was self indulgience, to write this book....but truly unworthy of publication.
1,For a short story it was ok...The characters were interesting and seemed like they were going to make a good story. Just not enough substance for me.
1,This book, I think was written as a prequel to the next book to come out. Sort of like a background on how Silver and Lace met and their rocky start of a relationship due to lack of trust in her part.  No more no less.
1,I was hugely disappointed in this book.  The writing itself was very awkward and took me out of the story.  There are way, too many, commas, in nearly, every, sentence, for example.  The characters were either silly or unsympathetic.  The "twist" of the nature of the zombies was nearly directly lifted from Brian Keene's The Rising (and anyone writing modern zombie fiction who claims they've never read this book is a liar), but was awkwardly and confusingly explained (why would a web forum about chemical weapons have a thread about supernatural beings?).  I give it two stars for the gruesomeness and originality of the zombies themselves.		I have heard good things about Mr. Douglas so I will give one of his other books a shot, but my first impressions based on Watchers are negative.
1,What started off as a funny, quirky collection of stories, quickly became a tiresome plod, then completely ridiculous. I didn't bother to finish it. Save yourself some time, just take a nap.
1,I read a lot of chicklit as an escape, and when I do, I am completely fine with unrealistic rom-com plots and cliche characters, as long as there is some humor or fun involved. I was encouraged by the reviews for this one, and saw that it was an indie release, which I like to support, so I gave it a try. I'm sad to say I couldn't enjoy it, although I really stuck with it, hoping the end would redeem it. Unfortunately, the dynamic between the two main characters - the British Simon and American Aimee who is 'trapped' in his home - really annoyed me. It is supposed to be your classic they-think-they-hate-each-other-but-really-it's-love dynamic, but we don't see enough of their better sides to really care all that much. The writing style put me off as well - they never  become real, fleshed out people. They both just feel like 'roles' rather than individuals. And there is no nuance in their presentation - the author frequently just tells us how they feel rather than allowing it to come out through their words and actions. The plot is completely ridiculous, and while if the characters were more enjoyable I might have been willing to put up with this, since they weren't I just wanted to say 'oh come on, this whole issue can be resolved in 5 minutes flat by doing X.'		I decided to give it 2 stars though - 1 for effort, and 1 for value, as it's a good price. If you are just looking for an inexpensive escape and have low expectations, you may be fine with this. But don't expect it to measure up to mainstream chicklit.
1,I hate when an author writes under a different name and then reissues the book but into three as their current name.  This and the next two books were originally published under the author Amber Lin.  Okay so maybe the author needs sales but to break up a book into three just for more sales....this is getting toooooo greedy.  I will not buy this author anymore
1,I downloaded this free Kindle book and, unfortunately, I got what I paid for (forgive the dangling...)		While it starts out really good, and catches my attention, by the time the suspense started to ramp up, I'd already figured out where it was going and was not a bit surprised at how it ended.  I had wanted to know more about THEY, and learned very little.		Please forgive me, as I've never read anything else by the author and, while I do understand he is very good, this may be one that fell short, in both plot development and length.  I would be curious to know how he, himself, felt about this piece.		I do hope that Vincent Hobbs does better with his next short story.
1,Hunh? I couldn't find a plot, couldn't find a character that engaged me or a scene I could believe. One star may be too many.
1,Would like to have seen this a full length book to learn more about the characters. Found I couldn't really get myself all that concerned about them.
1,Not much of a read.  In fact I quit after a couple of dozen pages.  Instantly forgettable.
1,Couldn't finish
1,Believe it or not it was to much sex to little story .I am not a fan of bisexual so maybe it is just me. Loved her other books but I had to force myself to finish this book
1,This is another one of those bad cases of book 2 that sucks *sigh* I hate when authors write an epic first book and then release a second book that sucks. This book was just all kinds of boring Amanda went from being witty and having a spine in book 1 to being such a coward and just a push over in book 2. I didn't like Amanda in this book she was confusing and she didn't make sense the way she handled the Casey situation when Casey first "came" for her was just weak. This book was just boring to me and I really wanted to like this book but I couldn't nor could I get into the characters/storyline. The characters that we fell in love with in book 1 were not in this book also the synopsis was misleading also when it stated "Good thing this time, the small town girl from Merit, Missouri is just a tad more prepared to handle that signature Hollywood scandal..." because she was everything BUT prepared for this! She didn't properly communicate to Liam what was going on AND she lied to him and then....smh don't get this book. In my opinion I say if you loved book 1 don't get book 2 just be happy with the perfect wrap up of book 1 and just buy Ms. Lee's next body of work. This review is based ONLY upon the contents within the book I read and NOT the author as a whole I will be buying this author's future works.
1,Some of the characters we have met in Ms. Jeffries previous book, The Art of Sinning. The heroine of the story, Amanda Keene, is the heiress to a cotton mill in America.  Lord Stephen Corry is the second son of an earl and a journalist.  He is a reformer and she wants to prove to him she doesnt need to reform her mills.  The action takes place in an English mill town at an aristocratic house party at Christmas time.  This story was predictable even though it had quite a bit of information about cotton mills in the 19th century.  The intimate scene was so totally ridiculous in the setting that it took me out of the story.  I expect more from this author and usually she delivers but not in this story. ( This story was previously published in an anthology)	I received this book free for review from the publisher.
1,Was looking for a womderful love story between a cowboy and a lovely lady...Not two cowboys with her....
1,Whiny hero and heroine.  Both have the poor me, woe is me syndrome. Sex without much story. Not for me
1,I bought this book because I liked her Shadow Series. This was just okay. I like the books I read to have a Christain/faith theme and this one did not. It did nothing to build my faith and not much diversion either.
1,I really could not get into it.  Please not every plump girl has issues and not every girl falls apart when she meets a hot guy. And I suppose if you are a drama queen this is your sort of story, if you can find one here. It is also a short cliffhanger /aka soap opera. And yes I did skip to the end and no I don't care what happens to any of the characters.
1,I have been baking since I was a small child.  Unless someone has never set foot in their own kitchen before,  they probably already know how to make most of these without rice flour and fruit sugar.
1,I wanted to like this. I love the idea of someone who isn't the typical "blone hair, skinny, big boobed, beautiful girl" to win. I couldn't connect with the main character. Reed just annoyed me. And I'm sorry, but the best friend was just trashy.
1,Dear author and fellow readers:		It is a hyphenated word that in reality would have been employed in reality, pre-nup!!  Otherwise, this small story is a waste of hard-earned reading time.
1,was not into the ending ...after waiting so long for the book
1,I really had a hard times getting into the story so much so that after I read 32% I started skipping sections, looking for some  action or something to grab me . I am sorry to say that nothing grabbed me, and I really wanted this to be a great series to capture me. I couldn't stand how "of my gawd" was used, overused so much. They lying did get to me but the beginning just seems way unbelievable and I've read a lot of vamp books . I have to agree with a lot of others reviews.
1,It could have been interesting, but it was too short and too fast to be anything substantial. There is not a gay/straight switch in ones brain that you can just flip. I wish author's would stop writing like one exists. PASS
1,I am use to freebies being short, but these stories were really short! If they had a little more than a page or so I would of given it more stars!
1,I don't enjoy 'first' person, so I really don't have a good opinion of this as I finally just moved to another book.
1,It seemed to be all over the place - the story was predictable - would have loved more sensitivity and caring with these characters.  Some female emotion.  You can be in a male industry and still be a woman.
1,So slow.
1,This story is listed as a novella, but is really more short story length,  about 35 pages maybe.  Again,  as in one of her previous books, the author chooses to write the story in the third person/  present tense. I really feel that this style of narrative distances the reader from the characters in the story, as we are always the observer. "Olivia got dressed. She went to the job interview, even though she had no experience waitressing, she felt she could fake it". This just an example, but we're told very clinically, not that she felt guilty and her stomach was tied up in knots, etc... This is my least favorite style of writing. I never connect with the characters emotionally or imagine myself in the story or in their place.		This also is back to the serial book subject again. While part 1 may be free, parts 2, 3, 4, and however many more will all likely be $ 2.99. I don't want to end up paying more for a serialized ebook than I would a trade paperback, and let's face it, by the time part 3 rolls around, I already have. As much as I might like an author, I read and like too many authors to spend that kind of money. My hope would be that these lovely folks put the whole book out there all at once.		As far as the characters in this book, Olivia struck me as a spoiled rich girl who spent her college money getting useless degrees, against the advice of her parents, and now is looking for any job in New York because it's more exciting than where she was.  She thinks her beauty and brains means the world owes her something. ( News flash: it doesn't) Her cousin got her an interview for restaurant hostessing and she got the job. She was attracted to the boss who interviewed her, but when she left, she shared a cab in the rain with another really great guy. She went to dinner with him, to bed with him and in the morning found out he's a partner in the restaurant where she just got hired.		Heat factor hot.
1,If you like a detective who decides you're not guilty because he likes the look of you, this is the book for you. Boring, no action, no clues, hideously slow.
1,This is a deeply transgressive novel, a genre that I am usually quite a fan of.  It's about a man's descent into a sex addiction that results in him molesting his own daughter and his daughter's response to that abuse.		In the hands of a more gifted writer, we might gain insight into human behavior that justifies the sordidness.  However, Rodriguez never goes beyond the easy, cliche, and expected, turning all these details into a layer of slime that left me wanting to shower.		The book begins with a cheerful Christmas letter, but immediately transitions to our main character downloading more and more bizarre porn.  Was he normal before the family got the computer?  Flashbacks to him molesting a young girl when he was a teenager and his disturbed diary entries indicate that he wasn't, which makes it unclear why so much time is spend cataloging the specifics of his porn collection and what the letter was actually supposed to illustrate to us.  That happy looking families can hide serious problems?  Did anybody not know that already?		As his life falls apart, he begins to molest his young daughter.  No details are spared here.  I strongly question the taste of these scenes.  They lack artistic merit.  They lack any originality.  They do not help us understand the main character any better.  There is nothing to validate them.  When his ex-wife discovers what is going on, he leaves town.  The story resumes when his daughter, now college-aged, struggles with the aftermath of abuse and encounters her father one last time.		This man was our main character for most of the book and was a deeply disturbed individual who seemed barely able to function.  Readers may be curious how he survived, what he did, how he actually feels, what brought his life back from the brink -- questions that do not seem to occur to the author.  We get a quick resolution to the story and a pasted-on moral about internet porn.		This book felt exploitative.  The weak characterization means it fails as an exploration of evil or what it means to be victimized.  If internet pornography is meant to be the scapegoat, the fact that the main character molested a child before he even had a computer is confusing.  At the end of the day, I cannot figure out a plausible (non-exploitative) reason for this book to exist.		On top of those issues, the book is terribly written.  The editing is terrible and it reads like the author replaced words with "fancier" ones so he would sound more educated.  However, he doesn't use all the words correctly, creating a comic effect.  It's also studded with terrible song lyrics, giving it the feel of a emo journal entry.
1,The basic storyline is not bad, but the quality of the writing is poor. The prose is almost unbearably florid. Much more telling than showng, and the writer never misses an opportunity to tell us repeatedly what we were shown, sometimes on the heels of the initial description, to the point that the book feels like an essay padded for word count. Implausible: billionaire has no clear source of income, no household servants and no family; noone comments on their difference in race and socioeconomic status; he doesn't know what the governor's wife looks like; and he doesn't appear to use condoms with casual sex partners.  Despite the very verbose text I couldn't picture the characters very well.  Is Emmaline slim? Hair?  And doesn't she have any friends?  A Mary Sue should have friends, right?		I think Ms Howard should attend a creative writing workshop.  Her writing is at the point where it would benefit from that kind of intensive feedback.  It's cheaper than a editor and the skills are yours  for life.		One thing I liked were Ms Howard's long compound sentences. They feel passionate, as if you're holding your breath, too excited about  what you're seeing and hearing to pause, even for a moment, and inhale.
1,I found this book difficult to red because I couldn't understand at the language. Got the gist of it but it was not a pleasant read.
1,This story would be much better with a backstory and a plot.		It is subtitled "(Secret World Chronicles)" and there are three full-length books listed on a search;  Book One with a December 2011 publication date, Book Two with an April 30, 2013 publication date and Book Three with a Jan 27, 2014 publication date. I have not read the only one that is available currently, so that may remedy the first problem for anyone who feels like spending the $6.93 for the book to explain the story they already bought for $0.99.		The lack of a plot probably comes from poor selection of what excerpt to use as a come-on.		Overall disappointing.
1,I didi not like this book.
1,The heroine rapidly turns into a shrew.  And the hero loves her for it.  This is one of those stories with the H kissing and groping the h to the point that she pantingly asks for more, then in the next breath, starts hurling shrewish remarks.  And he just adores her even more.  The secondary characters are better, hell, the dog Petunia is even better.  Returned the book.
1,It was bla. I couldn't wait to finish it just to be done! What a waste!!  Stick with the original set.
1,This is not novellas of shorts it is pieces of other books...how horrible!!!!! I have never been more disappointed with a book EVER
1,I know it was only 99 cents but I just expected more plot, more action, more of what the others in this series offered.  It was only a novella but Rossi's character just didn't have much development to him.  Lucy was a more interesting character.  You got a lot of background history; her family (Pappy), her very first meeting with Rossi, all of which led to her interest in researching the paranormal and bird shifters in particular.
1,Did not finish. I don't like UF stories in first POV telling. Writing was good, but I was not happy how the author had the Female lead hate the Male lead but lust after him than gets back with him. I know this is fiction writing but PLEASE, the author needs to really flesh out the story before writing it. Because even fiction this story doesn't fly.		Me personally, I would tell him to buzz off and I would find someone better, but that is just my opinion. Thank God I only wasted a dollar on this story!
1,just got through reading dude: book: 1 cal. I was really getting into the story and bang a cliffhanger. the author should tell us before we buy the book that it is a cliffhanger. I get so disgusted. when this happens I DO NOT buy the next book. I don't have the money to keep forking out for these books. Who wants to make the authors rich by buying them?
1,I felt this book was boring and a complete waste of my time. This was three hours of my life I can't ever get back.
1,This one just wasn't for me. Everything moves far too quickly to be believable (or suspenseful, for that matter). If the characters are already head over heels into each other and not afraid to say it after 30% of the book, where else is there to go? I was also bored by the unnecessary "info dump" passages of conversation, where the MCs are just asking each other questions about one another, where we're being given tons of info about the person that just doesn't matter. I felt like I was listening in on someone's first date, which is rarely pleasant for the people involved, let alone a bystander. Just too much rambling information all around.		PS: To writers of BDSM, please understand that it is not necessary to outline the nitty gritty details of the lifestyle in every book. It feels like you're checking off boxes to make sure no one can accuse you of being ignorant on the topic. The result is readers having the slog through the same safeword/contract/aftercare rundown time and time again. It's a romance novel, not a BDSM manual. We'll manage.
1,Unlikely romance between a Congressman and a maid.  This may take you all of ten minutes to read and not even worth that small amount of time.
1,Undercover FBI guy meets his soul mate at his fake bartending gig the week before his job there ends.	She is hiding from an abusive ex who has mob ties.	Sparks fly when they meet, instalove, etc, but fate separates them for 2 years.	When they reconnect, theres relationship surprises, her life may be in danger AND shes an FBI suspect in a murder.		Sounds exciting, right?	Yeah, no.		Slow.	Boring.	Repetitive.	A lot of exposition.	Not much happens.
1,Ok
1,This book was very confusing at times and made no actual sense. I don't know what the author was getting at, but this is one of the worst books that I have ever read. The ending was almost pulled out of nowhere and I still don't really understand it. There should be a cliff notes for this book, so I can understand where the author was going with this. Otherwise, it was a total train wreck.
1,I got this book from net gallery for an honest review.		This book had an interesting narrative but primarily focused on one sex scene. I was expecting a lot more, and was surprised it ended therefore I'm unsure whether there will be a continuation. The book lacked in character development which was disappointing because there was definitely potential.
1,To slow for my taste
1,This story has an interesting structure, starting with the murder and then having the first part of the book, told from different points of view, flash back. Then, about halfway through, returning to the present directly after the murder. Because of the intriguing and ambitious structure, it could have been a classic (like the Japanese film, "Rashomon"). The problem is in the execution.		The writing is disjointed, omitting important transitions, explanations and introductions of characters. Things are thrown into a paragraph with no logical progression or flow. People that weren't in a scene are suddenly part of it with no explanation of how they got there.		Here's an example of the disjointed and confusing style:		Nori fancied herself a bit of a Jackie O' in red and gold all those years but she could see the look in their eyes when her pale skin came across Mable's [her dog] hair. She definitely knew that Henry [her husband] was no J.F.K. These kids didn't know what it took to make a champion anyway.		The entire story (it's very short) is written this way. The author is clearly someone who, as long as it makes sense to her, it's fine; the kind of person who is unaware that others might think and see the world differently and therefore can't follow her many tangents and omissions. This story desperately needed an outside edit before it was published, preferrably by someone who understands that a story has to be accessible to the readers, not only the author. At least, not if the story is going to be published.		And, finally, what is with the rash of Murder by Peanut mysteries? At this rate Mr. Peanut is going to outstrip Jack the Ripper. Hopefully someone writes the definitive Peanut Death Cozy and this means of murder can finally be laid decently to rest.
1,This was an okay book to read.  It was sweet.  It was too short to really enjoy.  I wish it was longer to read.
1,The chick is stupid as hell,  forcing herself on a guy,  getting pregnant in purpose
1,It's really too bad I have not much good to say about this book, as I rather liked the first books in the series, despite a number of word misusages and a lot of prose that needed pruning.  This book, however, is so awfully written I am desperate for it to end.  I'm not even done yet and I can barely make headway and don't think I'll finish...because the previous stories' problems are exponentially worse!  First, there is the disconnected prose that usually involves big, multi-syllabic words used incorrectly, coupled with the fact that the ideas don't mesh.  You jump around all over the place in the writing, and it takes pages to get anywhere, leaving the reader frustrated and guessing as to what the author is trying to say.		An example:  "My gaze drifted towards her, but I made them pass quickly as if she were some insignificant thing skulking for favour."  Huh?  Them refers to what?  And 'skulking'?  That's not what it means, which is: "to move around or to wait somewhere in a secret way, especially because you are going to do something bad."		Anyhow, the other books have similar problems, and the problems increase with each volume; but this volume is seriously in need of copyediting to fix grammar and other issues.
1,This 2nd installment was better than the 1st as far as action and moving the story along. I have a hear time buying into a lot of the things zombies are able to do in these books. And for having an ex-military / cop running things they sure aren't very good at defending or making battle plans.	The author continues his repetitive descriptions when telling the story but I've read enough now to skip through the garbage to get on to the story.	As I said on the 1st book, for the price and length of these books, I can't complain of being ripped off.  I will finish the 3rd book since I've already paid for it, but people writing the reviews and giving 4 or 5 stars either don't read many books, or haven't got a hold of the numerous books out there that are so much better.
1,I'll be honest...I didn't get to the end of this book and I always make a point to at least struggle to the end. But the sloppy narration of Pearce's writing made it a headache to follow. For example, a character will be standing in a doorway, and the next moment kissed, with no explanation as to how they got across the room. These are the kind of details you don't notice in a book until an author does such a terrible job explaining them that you re-read to see what details you missed...until you realize the details just weren't there. Maybe this could be redeemed by some good love scenes, except the love scenes in this book are so detached, dispassionate, and again, choppily narrated that they frustrate you even more. Rather wish I could get a refund on this one because I don't think Pearce put much heart into it...nor did her editor.
1,I expected this book to be a biography of Tesla, who apparently was a very inventive, brilliant individual.  Instead, this book turned out to be a method for the author to prevent his point of view on the creativeness and/or positive thinking (although the message is very mixed about just what he is trying to encourage), with a few pages thrown in about Tesla's life.  And most of those pages sounded like something taken straight out a history text, dry and factual, with no links between different stages of Tesla's life.  So, don't expect to learn anything about Tesla even if this is the title of the book.
1,Frustrating and foolish. Inaccuracies and plot holes that require Elizabeth to be temporarily bereft of memory and let miss bingley get the best of her over and over.  Every one acts like the dumbest form of themselves. Additionally there is no depth to the story.  Fanfic.
1,Couldn't finish it... old old english, verse?
1,First of all, the book delves deeply into the minutia that is the character's lives.  How boring!  Then, there are so many people with so many things going on that it's hard to tell who or what the book is supposed to even be about.  I never did figure that out, nor could I figure out a genre. The author may be a good at children's books, but she sure can't write for this grown-up.  Don't waste your time.
1,Wow. Just wow.	I'm 56% in and can't continue.	The main character is desperate, a horrible friend who treats her BFF like trash, repeatedly tries to seduce a woman who is already engaged, is a liar... Do I need to go on?	The main character is just so completely unlikable that I can't go on. It doesn't matter how things turn around at this point. When she screws over her BFF and gives her ticket to the concert to the engaged woman in another desperate attempt to seduce her... Well, my head just exploded.
1,Not too good. Was disappointed.
1,eh. not my favorite
1,Took me forever to read this one because after his whole taxi cab confession I was a bit done. Troy is supposed to be this hitman/male strip club owner but during the book it seems like hes way too sloppy to actually not get caught. Camilla was okay for the most part but at times again the things that she did theres no way for her not to get caught. Just too many witnesses and too many ways for someone to turn the two in.
1,A book in which a neither terribly likable nor particularly intelligent English teenager for some reason named "Abriya" (she's almost friendless, and making Cs and Ds her senior year) discovers that she is going to turn into a werewolf on her 20th birthday.  She won't have to seek out her werewolf soulmate, though, as he has apparently been stalking her since she was in grade school.  He's over 200 years old, but only marginally more mature, and being from Canada speaks with a slightly American Southern accent.  His name is Clarence, and he's a werewolf prince, or something like that.		She turns into a bigger and more powerful wolfman than anybody else (werewolves in this book go on two legs like Lon Chaney as often as upon four) although no reason is given for her extra power.  She gets just one day's training/acclimation to her new shape, including how to shift (get angered), how to walk and run when on all fours, how to jump over entire lakes, etc., despite the fact that such training normally takes at at least a month, and while also be introduced to hot sex by the over-endowed 200+ year old.  She takes to both right away.  Despite her being bigger, stronger, etc. than Clarence or any other werewolves, it is made clear that she will be subservient to Clarence sexually-- that her role is just to "take" what he "gives".		After her one day's orientation (she'd get more if she were hired at McDonald's, though probably less sex), she's issued a fake Canadian passport and driver's license, which takes a couple of hours to make, they fly to Montreal.  There, she's bundled off to meet his family, who will join Clarence in hunting down another werewolf who has gone rogue or something (we aren't really told).  She wants to join them, but Clarence protectively wants to keep her safe.  He's overridden by his parents, who say that "But she's even bigger and stronger than we are!".  The fact that she has never been trained to fight as a werewolf doesn't seem to matter-- they're already out in the woods the next day before someone tells her the only way to kill a werewolf is by ripping out his heart.		Despite her lack of knowledge or training she is the only wolfman present to notice the family retainers acting suspicious, and then turns out indeed to be faster, stronger, and possibly more bloodthirsty than the rest.  Clarence is still hurt, thus giving us a cliffhanger for book 2, which will almost certainly suffer from as many grammatical errors as this one.		I can't wait.
1,Kind of a so, so beach read
1,As a fan of the genre, I bought the first four books on Kindle and couldn't wait to get into the story. I was initially put off by a seemingly total lack of proofreading/editing... but forged through the first book, hoping that the drama of the approaching comet would help me overlook the grammatical shortcomings. The author gets lost in his characters' meandering conversations, their largely irrelevant thoughts, the details of their days, page after page of their nightmares (as if a killer comet wouldn't be nightmare enough!)...The reader gets LOST in whole chapters about characters who are children and have no real relationship to the story (but may, YEARS later). I'm now almost halfway through the second book; and the pacing is SO tedious, so without real drama or excitement or focus, that I'm PUSHING myself to skim each page, hoping for action. Action of ANY kind.  I find myself thinking: This is an end-of-the-world series. Could we start ending the world, at some point? But not only can we not END the world; we can't even get to the START of the end of the world. The story is so drawn out that all suspense is lost! ... Don't misunderstand me: This writer has potential. This story is not unreadable. But it has serious, crippling PACING issues. It desperately needed not just proofreading, but editing. (There are whole paragraphs and chapters that could've been lifted out without damaging the story, or my enjoyment of it, AT ALL.) I doubt that I'll continue into books 3 & 4, which I'd eagerly purchased; in fact, I'm not sure I'll even finish this book 2.
1,Little suspense, little plot, little sizzle, adds up to not much but a limp romance. For much of this gimpy little exercise we are told, not shown. It is a wimpy follow up from the previous effort in the series. One good  denouncing moment does not a novel make.
1,Good steampunk is more than corsets, goggles, and hats. This story unfortunately is only superficially in a steampunk world, for the culture, the people, the way they think doesn't match one that would require corsets et cetera. Costume aside this felt very modern in mood and tone, so not what I was looking for.		Also, I have little patience for a main character that decides a frozen ship with lashings of corpses and a mysterious entity that is still around to murder and cause general mayhem is a *perfect* place for a little heavy petting with a forbidden lover. She may be a ghost but the lover isn't. Abandoned book shortly after that nonsense, never to return. (Shakes cane at kids on lawn)
1,I really enjoyed this quick read, probably because I'm a horse trainer myself. However, the writing was not fluid. The story was small bursts of thoughts or activities with no fluidity. It definitely felt as if I were reading an outline to what could be a very good story. It was also a bit pubescent - feeling as if they were children playing what they think is love but not being able to fully understand it. Things just don't work the way this story is portrayed and the lack of realism really impacted the level of quality writing. It was a good story line and could easily be made into a full novel size, even a trilogy! But much more work would have to be done to fill the major gaps in this outline-type book.
1,Very predictable and all sex scenes were boring. Shame is I usually like this author. I am glad  I didn't have to pay for it.
1,Ok.... so maybe 1 or 2 of these could actually be considered 'Hacks' but overall, it seemed trivial and stuff that people should already know.  In all fairness, I may not have given it the best shot, I quit reading early as the content and writing style annoyed me.  Maybe I will try again another time.
1,Hardly any story to it.	Mostly sex and nothing substantial to it.  I would not recommend this book to anyone.  I could of written a better story then this and I'm not a writer.
1,This book was really slow...It was unable to keep my attention. :(
1,This story had the potential to be really good. At about 50% things went wrong. The story sped at about 95 miles per hour. I felt like the author didn't know her characters very well. She described them one way but their actions were all over the place. I struggled through the story.  The twist and turns were unrealistic. The author's attempt at a shocking cliff hanger of an ending fell terribly flat. It was forced, rushed, medically inaccurate and didn't flow well at all. Instead of looking forward to what happens next. I was looking forward to an end. I really wanted to love this story.
1,I know this is horrible and I'm going to get some haters for saying this but I just couldn't like this book.		I had been waiting and anticipating the release of Frankie and Benny's book for so long that maybe I just built them up in my head so high that no matter what was written I wouldn't be satisfied.		So far I have read every book by Kristen Ashley and loved each and every one but for some reason this book just didn't set well with me. I thought it was just to easy for them to get together and just to much of the same arguments over and over again.		I love her writing style and everything about her books but unfortunately this just wasn't one of the greatest.		On another note I still can't wait for her next release and I will always be a fan of her work.
1,I could not read this book for more than two chapters. Holly has an attitude issue. She is whiny and judges every woman in the spa in a negative way. No wonder she has relationship problems!
1,No essential oil recipes.
1,Not a bad read more told in this one that almost pulled it all together but still, enough to end on. Id read another series by this author and hopefully, it won't feel so butchered at times.
1,Rip off---Rip off
1,The premise of the story is good and the events well paced, but there's no real resolution to the story. The heroine remains elusive in her feelings from beginning to end. While I could see her aversion to being controlled, she seemed unmoved and uninterested in any kind of emotional attachment to anyone. I almost feel sorry for the baby.
1,Trouble finishing this one. Too slow and confusing.
1,I would like to thank Full Fathom Five and NetGalley for providing me with an electronic copy to review.		Jackie Dunne has just settled into life at summer camp in Connecticut when Mother Earth decides to reclaim her world.  Those who truly tried to protect the Earth are spared - Jackie among the few.  Embarking on a cross country trek to get back to her family in Oregon, Jackie and fellow camper Xander struggle to survive in the harsh environment.  At this point, The New Wild goes off the rails.  I am not sure if this book was supposed to be serious, as the nonsensical and ludicrous events that occur during Jackie and Xander's journey are too unbelievable for words.  The author does nothing to delineate the passage of time, so the reader is left to wonder how quickly their mode of transportation can travel.  Character development was nearly nonexistent and the plot was so thin that you could see through it.  The New Wild was too outrageous to be serious and too scattered to be a book that I would recommend to others.
1,normally reading about mythological creatures and a female human makes me a happy camper but this book lacked  something. just not sure what it is.
1,The authour uses the "tell" method rather than showing a character's thought process or building a realistic empathetic connection between the MC's and the reader.		The world building doesn't start until 30% of the way into the book,  and even then,  is delivered in stilted dialogue. The answers to everything regarding the alien appearance on earth are cookie cutter and have been in hundreds of other Sci Fi books/movies/video games....and was handled better in those other works.		I honestly don't know why this book had so many rave reviews,  but it was a waste of time.
1,Nothing I would make in this book.
1,i thought this was the app,not a guide on how to play the app. Some advice:if you think this is the app don't download this book.
1,This did not add to the series, if anything it made me want to stop reading. The main character does an annoying 180 in her personality and becomes everything you were glad she wasn't in the other books. I didn't care at all for her insistent and illogical rationalizing. Wish I had skipped this one.
1,Too visual for my taste with to much violence and sexual overtones.  If you are into scary immortals this book is for you.
1,I am a big fan of the admiral but can you say	BORING And DISJOINTED please do better next time.
1,Motorcycle club romance is a genre that I'm just getting into and had some definite hits and misses with. Earning the Cut sounded like it would be an interesting read, since it shows how Dax got into the MC in the first place and probably what drove the love interests apart before they're reunited in the main series. Well, what I got was a story that was super awkward to read because the tone simply doesn't match what was happening on the page. It also read more like explicit Young Adult for the most part rather than New Adult, which is also a bit awkward.		The main problem with Earning the Cut was that the voice sounds super young. This may have to do with the first chapter being about Dax when he was just six years old, and then just continuing with a similar tone. Most of it takes place when he's seventeen, but it never sounded like it was New Adult or even Young Adult. It just felt young, almost like a Middle Grade book about teenagers (complete with an animal rescue that makes all of Dax's dreams come true!), with sex and swearing. Like I said, awkward. The dialogue also didn't feel authentic; more like what an adult thinks teenagers sound like.		Earning the Cut was just weird. It probably would have worked out better if it had been from Dax's first person POV rather than third person. Or maybe, it would have been worse, since his inner dialogues were off too. I like the idea of seeing how someone joins a MC, and I liked how Dax and Trish parted, but this introduction doesn't make me want to keep reading even though I have the next book.
1,A lot of what the author says is true, but a lot is not. For example, I have been on about 15 cruises and have not once been in a pool.  So, why even bring a bathing suit? Also, all the stuff about packing is okay for her, but not for everyone.  I personally did not agree with a lot of what she said.  In addition, None of my friends nor I have ever seen anyone debarking in PJ's. Almost seems like the stuff of legends. In short, the book is okay for a limited audience, not for everyone taking a cruise.  Finally, to charge this much money for this gibberish is ridiculous. I would not pay anything for it.  Luckily, I read a copy a friend had gotten, or I would not be happy bout paying for this.
1,Again in book 3 I found similarities to another popular series.  Does wanting to ask about deep dark secrets while in the bath tub ring a bell? How about a hair cut and in the bathroom and the wet hair soaking her shirt?  How about Angry Kyle sitting and staring at Lilly because she did something he wasn't happy with. How about he thinks she will run for the hills when his secret is revealed, which is told, but not the kind that would make some one leave him.  Even his mother's name is Grace and he has a brother and sister.  Through out this series the story of lose and healing were touching and I just had to know how it would end.  However, all 3 books irked me with false facts that could have been looked up and the similarities to another 3 book series that I loved and read about 5 times.  Some of the events seemed to be snatched right out of the other series.
1,This book started out with a good story line but failed to capture the true nature of the book. The author chose the wrong main character .I really think it should have been the wife because the young lady had more pants and intelligence in her pinky then the wimp that supposed to be the bad ass main character. The guy reminded me of the detective who talk to his shoe .I again AM the loser $10 .for something that really began with a interesting idea then it went south real quick. The pace was off ,Not enough background in character development or the world building around the story.thanks but no thanks.
1,Seriously not impressed with the fact that there's nothing out and nothing else from the writer since then. I've seen all the bickering and fighting here and on facebook and it's not worth the hassle of following her to wait.
1,The turn of events happens so quickly it is hard to follow. I had to read some pages twice to try and figure out what was happening.
1,Because I read this on my Kindle, I gauged that I was 26% of the way through the book before the story as advertised on the synopsis started.  Everything up to that point was the author trying to be funny and giving us absolutely no information we needed for later in the story.  The main character was a sarcastic twit and I continued to read to see if she'd see the light.  She apparently did, but it was between the last chapter and the epilogue, where she had apparently decided what steps she was going to take with her life.  We didn't see the love story, didn't see the change of heart, didn't see any character growth.  The epilogue came out of nowhere, as if the author got tired of writing the book and just tied up loose ends.
1,Totally terrible. Author has no comprehension of Holy Bible upon which this series is based. Politically Correct and poorly written. Just sickening.
1,Just could not get into this one. Don't explain where you are going with the book.
1,I can't in good conscious recommend this book. The author has potential but so far what I've read is not good. That includes Owned and the Billionaire Brothers: The Complete Serial (Parts #1-#4).
1,I did not find any useful information in this book. This just waste my time and data plan. Not worth
1,This story left me feeling lukewarm.  I couldn't think of a better word.  The characters were poorly developed, and the story had holes in it.  It lacked clear descriptions of the characters, so I found both unremarkable.  I also find interracial romances pretty awful when the only clear description is skin color.  That alone made me reluctant to finish this story.  I pressed on and plan to remove this story from my Kindle as soon as I post this review.
1,Worst book ever.  Author chose to create a made up wild west, and tried to pass off as fact.  A young female would never have been allowed in town, on her own, dressed as a female, without being assaulted, raped, etc.
1,to short
1,The storyline started off good but did not continue on throughout the book.  I know the book only cost 99 cents, but I did not know it was a Short Short Story.  The story ended at 59% of the book.  There was a 6 month period where Mark and Amber had no contact.  This was a good area to go into detail about both their lives.  This story was rushed and incomplete.		I guess I should be happy that I was given excerpts from books 1-3 in The Billionaire Brides of Granite Falls.  No I purchased and read those books.
1,Great premise but too forced. Definitely not concerned with continuing this series. Loved her other books. Too many cliches to be enjoyable.
1,I had a difficult time with the writing and the characters.  I found myself skipping sections to move through the book faster.
1,ARC received for review		Oh, he-l-l to the no. I don't give one star ratings very often, almost never. I've read a lot of erotica and BDSM, and Stephen is a grade A horrible Dom.		Strike 1 - he takes her into his playroom, and he is mad and bent on revenge. Not horrible, I've read it before, but he doesn't seem to care or want to...as the famous Frozen song says...Let it go, Let it go.		Strike 2 - no safe word, none, zip, zilch, nada.		Strike 3 - he clit clamps, nipple clamps, straps her down (to a contraption that I don't understand), ball gags her...and then leaves the room. Nope, sorry that's not how it's done.		I should say three strikes and you're out, but I didn't. I kept reading and it got even worse.
1,Morgan and Grey finally figured out how to live with each other. Grey nearly sacrificed his life in the rescue of Morgan and Lana, as he slaughters  the entire Montana pack. The plot was simple, as was the writing style. The weird fact that Grey was able to form his own pack, even though he is a newly turned, out of controlling werewolf, still boggles my mind. Yes, they lived happily ever after.
1,To many cuss words for me to enjoy and the ex was messy
1,No offense to the author, he just isn't for me.  I have read a lot of his work, some series I kept reading, some I just couldn't stand.  Read the intro, see if its for you! Lots of leaps of faith that don't seem to connect, things magically work out etc. Just not my type of stuff.
1,Julias marriage is in a rut and she wants to fix things with her husband as she feels they have a pretty solid marriage. That is, until she discovers her husbands dirty little secret. Now, she wants out of the marriage and needs to make some money fast. This leads her to making the decision to become an Escort.	As for the characters; Julia is relatable in regards to her life of a housewife, and the problems with her marriage to Paul. Paul, seems closed off towards Julia, and its hard to figure him out.  But his behaviour does make sense once Julia discovers his secret. I wouldnt say either of these characters are terribly likeable as their decisions are questionable, especially considering they are parents of 3 young children.	This story seems to glorify the life of an escort to being all wonderful when realistically is not. However, I can appreciate artistic licence and being that its fiction the author can make of this profession what she likes, and thats fine, but on this occasion it just didn't work for me.	Unfortunately, the writing needs a good edit as there are several mistakes to be found throughout causing a little confusion when names get mixed up.	There are a couple of sex scenes. One is a little painful and he other is quite steamy. I did think these were quite well written.	Overall, a mediocre read and I doubt I will continue on with the series.
1,Who needs another "list" - sorry I bought it!
1,Nothing makes as mad as I am reading this as a chopped off ending. All it does is tell me not to put time or money into this author again. Yet another author on my don't bother list.
1,I didn't read this book, because the editing is atrocious. The sentences have missing words and phrases that are incomplete. You have to guess what the author is trying to say. If this is really a second editing, then the editor is horrible at their job. It might have been a decent plot, but I was having to rewrite it to read it. Please don't waste your money on this kindergarten effort. It's so awful, it should have been free.
1,Just got this boom to pass time on the road. Not a guestbook to start with for the day. Not my cup of tea.
1,Okay
1,I didn't realize this was short stories.  I did not like it at all.  Had I known it was the type of book it was I would not have paid for it!
1,JB, I am so very disappointed in you. Loved your storylines and interesting characters, but a cliffhanger? So we sheep will all buy the next one? Not me. I will imagine my own ending in my head.  Fun series while it lasted, but "you done with am I", I will miss DeeDee! Shame on you.
1,In my opinion this book is a train wreck when compared to other great MC series. It was almost a DNF for me as the writing was very amateurish and the characters didn't really click for me.
1,I figured out the dirty secret pretty early on in part 1 and read the book to confirm it. The title is perfect because the secret is quite nasty and I quickly lost interest. I bought part 2 before I read part one but I never bothered to read it. I'm more into urban fiction and this was just nasty fiction, not my thing
1,I read this book based on the reviews and I have to say that I wasn't crazy about it. Here we Damian who falls head over heels with Aretha during their first encounter. Damian will stop at nothing to be in Aretha's presence. But loving Aretha comes with a price since she is married. That doesn't stop them as they explore their feelings for each other in this extremely annoying cat and mouse game. Loving each other will make them both deal with their inner demons along the way as they struggle to attain eternal happiness. The  book had some interesting twists that were never developed and to me in the end the story fell flat.
1,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Tegan-s-Blood-The-Ultimate-Power-Series-1/dp/B0073VIZB0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Tegan's Blood (The Ultimate Power Series #1)</a>	I made it thru 58% of this book. And it was ok. Nothing special but somewhat interesting. My problem is with Tegan. She is not a teen. She is not under compulsion. She is told not to trust anyone especially vampires. She knows nearly everyone wants to kill or capture her. But she trusts everyone including the vamps. I got frustrated with her stupidity. So maybe I'll pick this story up another time.
1,Two stars the best I could give this book. The only reson I finished this boo is because I paid for it.
1,Stock porn. They seem to cut and paste this stuff.
1,The characters are interesting, but storyline seems contrived. Had to force myself to finish reading to the end. I did not like the the storyline at all. This was not good recreational reading. Very disappointed.
1,All's Fair in Vanity's War was a novel that was unique from the start.  In fact, I found the opening sentence of the novel so entertaining that I knew the entire novel would be comedic and supernatural at the same time. Besides the description of the novel (which totally drew me in), the main thing that caught my eye was the cover. I mean, come on, who doesn't notice what a beautiful cover that is? And for those of you who are wondering, the person on the cover, glimpsing at the vanity is not the Seer. It's *cough cough* Kaleigh *cough cough*.		Covers put aside, I found the novel so unique! I'm pretty sure I've said that twice now but it is unlike anything I've ever read before. Not only does it start off where our narrator suffers in a car crash and dies, then watches her (ex?) boyfriend throw a fireball. Pretty exciting? I think so. As the novel progressed, I did find the way that author Elizabeth Marx chose to write the story very interesting. While it was told from the point of view of the Seer who is examining the entire story as its taking place, I began to forget that I was watching the story through the Seer's eyes and began to just think of it as written in the third person. Though I will admit that at certain points of time, it would begin to get confusing.		My personal favorite character was Kaleigh.  I found her fun and quirky, not to mention that she had a fiery spirit to match her fiery red hair (hardy-har-har). The most memorable scene that I will never forget with Kaleigh is when she shares a kiss with a certain someone and says that she's disappointed and was saving her first kiss. I found it adorable and funny at the same time. The rest of the characters weren't as favorable; I honestly disliked her best friend because her dialogue just seemed very childish and unrealistic.		The "supernatural" portion of the novel was very delightful. I found the novel just packed with different creatures from Banshees to leprechauns to Druids.  The whole ExtraOrdinary and OtherWorldly portion of the novel was different and again unique. Especially when Kaleigh would contact her mother through the mirror. I have no clue why, but the "mirror, mirror on the whole" type scenes would always have me smiling and eager to read on. However, with the big mix of supernatural creatures, I would sometimes get confused (again).		I would recommend this novel to somebody who wants a romance story taking place from the dead ex-girlfriend's POV (*la smiley face*) or just wants to read a very unique supernatural story. Unique. I feel like I've used that word a lot this review.
1,Not what I thoight
1,Not by type of reading matter.  I did a speed read through the chapters to see if I could get a feel for the storyline; but unfortunately not my thing.  I did find there is definite potential of an entertaining adventure for a reader if this type of subject matter is of interest.
1,not my thing
1,not for me
1,I liked 50 shades so I can say it's not because of the topic of this book & I am in no way comparing ( I hate when ppl do that). I just couldn't finish this one...it was annoying to say the least.
1,This is my first book by Logan and will be my last. It definitely fell under "Plot? What plot?" The author focuses so much on making the book sexy that she doesn't make sure it's logical. Trask's behavior makes no sense given what he's been through. He's supposedly afraid of Val, but is willing to do any and everything Val asks sexually no questions asked. And without spoiling the story, everything falls into place too conveniently at the end.
1,This is totally ridiculous,makes no sense,introduces storylines then races off to something else,does not connect and plain stupid!! Why I wasted my time reading? I thought it would get better.....wrong, it got worse,and I didn't think that was possible!!
1,I was not able to download.
1,Wondering if this book was inspired by Kevin Gates song, but anyways. Sen is childish and had way too much drama in her life to be trying to start a relationship. Keys should have never got involved...rating the book I will give it a 2...glad it ended here because I don't think I would have been able to read anymore.
1,Whew! I managed to struggle through this one up to the 25% point. I know that doesnt sound like much, but once you start reading it, (which I would strongly argue against doing) you will likely see it was no small feat.	A trouble twisted circuiting road to, apparently, nowhere.	He loves her, she loves him. They get married. Simple.	Wrong. The further the thing goes, the more convoluted and wacky it becomes.	Finally, I reached a point where all I could think, was, ok, do or dont, I don't even care.	Lifes full of enough headaches. I read romance novels to relax.  This thing could give me a stroke if I spent another hour trying to follow the sheer goofiness, and back and forth now I do, now I donts.
1,While this was an excellent story, I was sad that the author dropped the ball when it came to upholding good morals.	It would not have detracted from the enjoyment of the book had the couple waited until marriage to share the marriage bed.	I would not recommend this to impressionable young readers. I had to delete this good book from my kindle only for that reason.
1,Normally I make a comment about the one stars because I feel they're unfair.  This time I have to take issue with the five stars.		What the heck?!  Five stars?  Really?  This is not Lord of the Rings, this is not Noble House.  I don't care about the 6 bucks.  I do care about hours and hours of my time spent on a very so so read.  Stories are about character growth or conflict and resolution.  The character growth was rather like a sequoia.  Nothing you'd want to stick around to watch.  And very slooowwww.  The conflict was non existent except for some unnecessary drama by Malora acting like a witch again (I'd love to use a stronger word).  Given the title I doubt its a spoiler to say that Beria is groomed to be Chief.  Much of the tension is because she is unaware of the fact.  This is just plain ridiculous.  Surprise, you're mayor!  Surprise, you're President! Nobody grooms a leader without the candidate being aware of it. There was no logic to blindsiding her with this.  This book is a long long series of mildly amusing scenes from Beria's life and Amazon life.  Punctuated with unamusing dull scenes of Beria's life.  Which would be fine for 30 pages but not hundreds.		Roseau is one of the very few authors I re-read.  There are often charming bits I love to browse back on.  But the author has this tendency to go for cheap angst by having friends or loved ones blindside and torture the main character with very feeble justification and its really causing issues with the books.  The trial in Fox Dish.  The purple dye in Amazon Challenge.  Paper thin excuses for ignoring the heroic actions of the characters and focusing in on "insubordination" and then putting them through the wringer for it.  Often the justification is a singe word: Politics, Pack Politics, Vampire Politics.  I'm screwing you over to shame the witnesses into testifying but I couldn't tell you that's what I'm doing ( My favorite for worst justification ever in Free to Love).  I utterly loath Malora and am starting to dislike Lara.  Which would be a shame because I enjoy the heck out of the Foxverse usually.  if you MUST torture the main character have a VILLIAN do it.  Not friends or lovers.  That's what villains are for.		The tournament toward the end of the book was worthwhile.  But 80 good pages out of 880 could not save this snore-fest.
1,I have always liked marriage of convenience stories.  Unfortunately, this one was not to my taste.  It reads more like an extremely old Harlequin romance.  The story was entirely predictable and --sorry-- boring. The best character in it was Mami Lani but she wasn't enough to keep me reading.  I started skimming but when I got to 45% I decided to call it a day.  I honestly didn't feel any chemistry between the h/H and I knew that they would end up together...so I didn't feel the need to even flip to the last pages.		At 45% there were no sex scenes and I don't believe that there will be any in the rest of the book.
1,Yes this book is informative but very few recipes. A few more sample menus would have been nice or a meal plan.
1,Hold Me Together starts out with Gavin and Holly starting their honeymoon on the ranch.  They are celebrating their first night as man and wife in the beautifully decorated barn and the couple seem very happy.  She always suspected that Gavin had a dark and kinky side, but he never shared what they might be.  What she gets on her wedding night is not what she expected though.		Gavin has her list ten things she loves to have done to her sexually or things she would like to do.  He writes them above their marriage bed in chalk.  Gavin leaves the barn for a moment claiming he forgot something and leaving the door wide open.  This is after he ties her to the bed completely naked.  Gavin arrives back with his five brothers following close behind him.  After keeping it a secret until now, Gavin reveals that he plans to share Holly with his brothers sexually.  It seems Gavin and his brothers love in an unconventional way than others.  Understandably, Holly is freaked out and scared. She has been duped by her husband. Gavin tries to calm Holly down by telling her that they won't do anything she hates and only what she allows.		At this point I has having a hard time with this book.  It felt wrong to read  like I was reading a rape scene.  They all stare and fondle her while she is saying no and stop.  This isn't a sex scene playing out, but clearly a woman who is not wanting to participate.  If you don't like that type of scene, then be forewarned.		The next day Holly is still trying to come to terms with everything.  Gavin insists on passing her around to his brothers.  While she is terrified of the sharing  felling unfaithful to her husband  the brothers take their turns enjoying her.  First we have the fun and assertive Luke.  Then shy McKenna gets his chance a few days later.  Brody The butt man enjoys his chance in the kitchen as Gavin watches.  The out in the rain drenched muddy walk, violent role player Abel who is dark and menacing gets his chance.  After her encounter with Abel, their father Hank figures out what has been going on.  He gets upset and blames Holly for everything.  He tells Gavin to take her and to leave the ranch. This is when McKenna announces that he loves Holly. A storm keeps them from leaving the ranch and they are forced to stay another night.  This is when Gavin and Holly finally get their chance to seal their marriage vows.  After Hank has a an accident the next morning, he is rushed to the hospital.  When he gets the all clear from the doctors to return home, he has a talk with Holly after she has helped keep the ranch running while he was sick.  He tells her that he will accept the situation if it is kept private and they all get their Happily Ever After.		I was not a fan of the rape like scenes or the fact that Gavin kept this a secret until the wedding night.  Plus, Holly falls in love way too quickly with each man and is just expected to accept it.  I had a hard time believing in this romance and wasn't impressed by any of the characters.  I had to force myself to even finish this book.  I found the cover and the summary to be vague and misleading for most of the story told.
1,GIFTED
1,This book started out well enough, but it took a long time for things to happen and for the girls to move to Paris. The chapters jumped from a couple months to a couple years, and it was very jarring. For instance, one minute Clementine is a strong-willed 16 year old who has no interest in getting married, then you turn the page to see it's a year later and she's unhappily married to a Duc. Ummm....ok.		And I must say, Clementine as a married young woman is COMPLETELY unlikable. She's childish and immature. She CHOSE to marry the Duc (even though she was in love with someone else), yet she doesn't want any part of marital relations and seems put out by the fact that her husband expects it. Fine. Sex with your husband back then wasn't always fun, I get it. However I totally lost all respect and patience for her when she had the gall to ask her husband for a huge sum of money (to lend to a friend in need), yet refused to tell him what it was for. Then when he came to her that night expecting to get some, she rebuffed him yet again! Is it really any surprise he lost his cool?? He just handed over a large bag of cash not knowing what it was for, and she STILL refuses to do her wifely duties, whining about how she's too young (she's 18)...well she wasn't too young to marry one of the richest men in France! It's a shame...I really liked Clementine in the beginning, but I could barely tolerate her in the end. And her sister, Eliza, just turned into a shrew. She was really nasty by the end of the story.		Overall, the book wasn't terrible, but more of a silly little story about silly little English girls whose mother is obsessed with finding them titled husbands. Then shocker...things don't work out quite the way they hoped. This book may be styled after Edith Wharton's 'The Buccaneers', but it doesn't compare AT ALL. I don't know that I'd recommend this to anyone since it's such a frivolous, mindless read, but maybe as something to take to the beach or on an airplane. It's not a book that requires much attention, so it's good for killing time I guess.
1,Only an OK read.
1,I love this story. It was full of adventure, romance, supernatural powers, and creativity. The story was captivating and at times I felt I was actually there with the characters. The story was very well written.
1,When I purchased I assumed it was a true life crime story.  I am glad it's not, the idea of it could have some base truth to it.  Sociopathic, cannelabalism, incest, and non provoked murder. Different, not the worst book I' ve read but not in my top 100 either.
1,the first chapter is a model of precision. in only nine pages, a handful of characters are introduced with masterful clarity. subtle dialouge paints a portrait of each character with a depth that many novelists never achieve over the course of hundreds of pages. jane austen's supreme talent is shining bright. then what happens? it goes on and on and on. and i got severely bored. i did not care about emma's social schemes, her obssession with ones rank within society. she is simply a dull character. and the language ultimately grows tiresome. the purple prose weighed heavy on my poor brain after a hundred pages. a bit beyond page 220 i jumped ship. i simply could not finish this dull thing. sorry.
1,The blurb for this book sounded so good, but the book fell flat. For a kidnapping by a Dom, this book was so bland. I found myself skimming just to get to the end.
1,I'm a huge fan of this author.  Her Darkness Series is original, fast paced and funny.  This was a massive disappointment.  The female lead cried more than she spoke, was a doormat and couldn't see her nose in front of her face.  The hero was way too patient, a pretend survivalist and a wanna-be bad ass.  It was predictable, somewhat corny and really hard to get through.  I also tried her Jessica Brodie series.  I got through one book in that series also.  Breene should stick with paranormal action romance.  Because when she ventures into the real world, her work suffers.  As did I, while reading this book.  I'm still a fan.  But I won't be reading any other contemporary works from this author.
1,This one was a miss for me.  I loved the alpha male but it seemed to have holes in the story for me.  I don't recommend this one.
1,Contains spoilers:	I really enjoyed the first two books in this series, and as a result purchased the third (something I rarely do).  This book centers on the "minister" David and his interactions with Alisha, the last of the 3 women sent back in time to change the future. The portrayal of David as a Christian minister is offensive.  He has had a casual sexual relationship with another minister (sort of a friends-with-benefits type of arrangement).  He jumps into a casual sexual relationship with Alisha - meeting her at hotels where members of his congregation will not see them.  His second-in-command at the church is in a committed homosexual relationship.  Now, I would never say that ministers are perfect.  They are human and have as many flaws as everyone else.  But, in churches that are truly Christian, their ministers are considerably less comfortable with active sin.  Most Christian churches view sex outside of committed, heterosexual marriage to be a sin.  You don't have to agree with that view, but it is the view of churches attempting to follow Biblical teachings on sexuality.  I found David's casual attitude toward his own sin to be offensive, and sincerely doubt the plot device of having a homosexual as next in line for the pulpit if David leaves.  Although the churches I have attended practice the philosophy of loving sinners while hating sin, none of them would permit someone actively living in sin to minister to others in the church.  If David had been portrayed as the minister of a non-denominational type of church that did not claim Christianity, I would have considerably less problem with his characterization in this novel.  But, his church is called "Community Christian" in the book - which doesn't leave much room for this portrayal to be considered accurate.		There were other problems with this particular book, including a crime spree that felt contrived and a pace that was choppy and rushed in some areas.  I could have forgiven those issues if the author had not so severely misrepresented my faith. I do not recommend this book.
1,2 out of 5 stars		***This book was provided for free by the author in exchange for an honest review, through the Goodreads Don't Buy My Love program***		Before reviewing, let me say that I was really looking forward to this book.  I love historicals, and I love this era (early 20th century, pre WWII).  I've read some of Ms. Cochet's stories before, and found them entertaining and lighthearted.  I guess my expectations were too high.		Chauncey (later nicknamed Chance) is introduced as a homeless orphan in NYC who is lucky enough to be befriended and taken in by a theater group when he is 8.  He grows up in a loving, accepting, though somewhat haphazard, environment, where his homosexuality is accepted.  He's still a street tough most of the time, but is happy with life and his circumstances.		<spoiler>Then the theater burns down, with his lover and all his friends in it.  Chauncey proceeds to become a self-destructive punk.  Despite being a seasoned drinker and dope fiend at age 16, he is picked up by a new theater (with Hollywood aspirations?  It was never clear), and until he is 25 he parties, sleeps around, apparently makes a lot of money which he doesn't spend, doesn't fulfill the terms of his contract but they keep him around anyway, and then he ends up in the French Foreign Legion.  The entire back story establishing his history is disjointed, confusing, and ultimately unconvincing.  I get that he is physically beautiful and emotionally empty, but how does that lead him to have money and end up in the desert?		And the storyline never really gets any better.  In the French Foreign Legion, he apparently remains a punk and a troublemaker, and still acts like he is 15 years old, though I guess he is by this time pushing 30.  He is sent to Jacky, a commandant who surrounds himself with troubled queer men and saves them from themselves.  Chauncey becomes Chance, and it is insta-love for both of them.  Ugh, I really don't like insta-love.  The rest of the time in the desert (maybe about 50% of the book) is taken up with Chance growing up, and becoming a model soldier instead of an immature jerk, so he can deserve Jacky's love.  When Jacky is seriously injured, he is forced to leave the Legion, and it is revealed that he is wealthy, and wants to use his English manor home as a shelter for gay men.  So he arranges for his crew of queer misfits to all be discharged at the same time, along with the doctor who treated him who also happens to be gay, and they all go to England and live happily ever after.  Except for occasionally getting shot (Chance), and the secondary characters never accepting their destined true loves.  Really???? </spoiler>		So, we have confusing storyline, minimal or unsatisfactory explanation of character decisions, and completely unrealistic resolution of all problems.  The dialogue was mostly good, although the author's use of slang and words contemporary to the times was inconsistent, and sometimes also confusing  I ran across several terms that were very obscure to me as a 2013 reader, and there wasn't enough context to figure them out.  And though the blurb for the book included a disclaimer saying these stories celebrate M/M love in a manner that may address, minimize, or ignore historical stigma I still found the handling of societal reactions inconsistent.  One minute Jacky and Chance are sharing a tent and the rest of the camp knows it, and the next minute Chance is sneaking into the back of the tent (does that mean under the tent flap?) where they proceed to have fairly loud sex, with the lanterns lit, and no one knows.  This reminds me of a scene out of one of the Austin Powers movies that involves a tent, and  suggestive silhouettes, and I couldn't keep that out of my mind while reading this book!		Overall, disappointing.  I don't plan on reading any of the rest of this series.
1,not as good as first
1,This story started off good, had potential but fell flat after the first chapter. There are a ton of editing mistakes, in some parts of the story, it jumps from first to third person but only like a couple of sentences, the timeline was off which was confusing making the story seem rushed.  Chris and Tracy did more winking and smirking at each other it was unreal. I typically don't write reviews on "bad" reads but this one had potential it just fell flat
1,Highly implausible story line and very simplistic plot.  This isn't even close to a Tom Clancy novel.  The writing style is very stilted, what I call the Dick and Jame style.  The characters are not developed and seem very shallow.  This is not something I would recommend.		For the Authors out there:  They are Called magazines not clips...Clips load the magazines, magazines load the guns.  If you can't get that little piece of information straight stick to reading. In addition most Federal agencies issue semi-automatic pistols to their agents, not revolvers.  In today's world any agent or law enforcement officer would be at a distinct disadvantage carrying a revolver.
1,It just didn't delve into the paranormal as much as it looked like it would. The story was simple & easy.
1,Tyler and Suzy very, very short story was nothing to write home about.  I really want to like something about these stories, but just cannot.  There is no substance.  I have two more of these to go and then I am done.  I do not think I will buy anymore.
1,Oh, Patricia Cornwell, how  have I enjoyed your previous books, Oh, Patricia Cornwell, how disappointed am I in Depraved Heart.	Chanel, Carrie, Janet, Lucy -- your characters act and interact like leaves in a tornado without a place to land. By the time you resolve  "who killed whom," who gives a damn. This is a novel with a plot that goes in circles and is continually revisited and re-started. It's because I like you as a writer so much that I feel so much disappointment. Please --  better luck next novel -- and better novel!
1,No. The greedy author obviously knew people wouldnt pay that much all at once for one story, so broke it up into four parts. Thats just wrong.
1,ok
1,Ugh! Now I see where the title comes from the ending was like a nasty, but sick shocker, gross.	Jim wants his money that's owe to him by one dude name Chuck. His girl Jessica wants him to leave the street life. Come to find out Jim is well educated. Carla knows something's up with her man which is Jim's friend Steve. But when I find out what's really going on at the end I was like ugh.	Wasn't written well to me way overkill on the cussing and seems rushed. I also didn't care for the part when Jim trying to show how educated he is to a 15 year old boy, but he himself rather stay hustling the streets and not do anything with his own mind. That boggled me. 2 stars for trying and for me finishing in less then thirty minutes.
1,This started out like a great book! It could have been too, if it was actually finished. If the author spent a little more time on this, it could turn into a wonderful romance book, but this isn't even a chapter or an excerpt. There's no ending, you're just left hanging. I can't even call it a short story. Don't waste your time on this.
1,It feels like I'm reading about 14 yr olds. Specially Ashley. She's, what? 19 years old, and doesn't know what flirting is. She clearly does not actually love Ethan, otherwise she would not have been so awkward around Caleb. Her mom is even more unrealistic. I kind of want to know what happens, but I'm so annoyed with the style of writing, I don't know if I want to torture myself.
1,Could not get interested inf
1,Started off as a good story, but then it seemed to omit several parts leaving the reader to try and figure of what happened.  Kept going back to see if I missed reading a section or two.
1,I rarely stop reading a book or write a review. I felt I should with this book. I appreciate when others review an especially good or bad book.		The grammar in too many places was awful. I am not an English teacher, but it grated on me and took away from interest in the story. I finally gave up reading when the story line was such that I thought to myself "Oh, not again."		I went on to read something else.
1,I found a few recipes that I will try, but most had ingredients that I don't normally keep in my pantry.  Lots of editing, example:  1/4 butter (cup, tablespoon, teaspoon), same with many ingredients.  Directions for producing said recipe, leave out steps.  Vocabulary makes me think of foreign writer, odd terms, etc.  I would not recommend the book in its present state.  Two stars because I did find a few recipes.
1,This book was given to me by Lovers of Paranormal group for an honest review. I first want to thank the author for allowing me to read this book.		It took me a little bit to get through this book, but in the end I liked it. I think that it could have been a little shorter. My opinion, some of the flashbacks got a little confusing. (Some times I get easily confused though.)		This book is about Lucifer and some of the angels wanting the ability to make their own minds. As a result of this rebellion they were cast out of Heaven and were considered the Fallen. Once on earth, Lucifer continued to try to over throw God. God became to a point where he was not doing very good so in a last effort He send Brean to earth. Brean was given free will but his wings were taken from him. One of the fallen, Gerald was charged with taking him down, but in his chance of redemption helped him. Riel, one of the other fallen was given the order to take him down. In the end, she ended up helping him because he had an innocence to him.		It was a war against good and evil. Lucifer was greedy and wanted all the power over Heaven and earth.		I look forwards to reading the next book.
1,There are so many scam artists and so many that seem to prey on church people.  I was recently approached by a company called ACN, church people that had a "vision" from God that this was a divine way to make money.  They also give a pittance to charity.  After reading about the group on the Internet, it's just another "legal" pyramid.  I always say that if people would concentrate as hard on making honest money as they do putting these schemes together, they would be incredible and successful business people.
1,This was a disappointment.  I am giving it 2 stars because the author has possibilities.  Unfortunately, it seemed as if a good third of the book was spent discussing wine and food.  The story had real possibility, and I have hopes for this author, but not only was the story line too filled with breakfast, lunch and supper (not to mention Starbucks) ... but the actual important parts of the story were just glossed over as if that made a better mystery.
1,I received a copy of this book for a honest review.		2.5 stars		Now I absolutely love this couple, definitely a perfect fit. This book though, there really wasn't much story to it.  It's filled with "foreplay" but you will be left with the girls version of blue balls.  I suggest less getting it on and when they do connect, give us ALL the details.		Ella... this girl still doesn't think about how her actions effect Xavier. It made me like her less.		I wish more time would have been spent on who was behind the phone calls etc. That should have been built up more.
1,This book is a fraud!  Not until the last page is it mentioned that this book is a work of fiction!
1,Good storyline, but needed more depth.  If Austin really understood  Robins sensitivity to being overweight he would have bought her a beautiful car to commute to work. I thought that idea  of the motorcycle was rather stupid.  Too bad there wasn't more involvement with the bear shifters, they were introduced then dropped.  Would have preferred a more physical description of Robin other then short, black and chubby. Was hard to picture her . Have read so many of this authors wonderful books, but this one seemed to be lacking.
1,I bought this thinking that I would have a 21 day program to learn to communicate with my angels.  The book opens with a brief intro of archangels.  This is good but geesh, it would be nice if there was a pronunciation of the angels names. What good is it to me to know what the word translates into if I cant pronounce it?  One word I pronounce like Schlemeel, as in Schlemeel, Schlemazel, Hasenfeffer Incorporated but Im not Laverne and Im not Shirley.  Moving on talking to angels is like talking to God.  I get that. Angels are messengers.  I have no problem talking to God or my angels.  Angels keep me out of trouble  they only want whats best but Im not assured when I listen to them and get in trouble anyway.  This is explained by stating that bad things help you grow as a person.  So.. When you listen to angels and do bad things, then the therapy is that the angel wanted you to do that so you would grow.		Its easy to talk to angels and to God for that matter until I find out I have to quiet my mind.  How have they and God been helping me all along if I didn't do any of that their quieting?  Yeah, okay, now you are losing me.		I then discover that every blade of grass, every leaf has an angel.  What kinds of things do angels do for their respective blades of grass? What kind of bad things does a blade of grass get into?  I basically have to go outside and talk to the grass every morning before I walk on it?  Im not much of a nature lover.  Does this mean the angels cant hear me?		So they have a hard time hearing me because I have never quieted my mind but they have zero problem communicating with me when Im asleep.  So why would I need to quiet anything?		If you spend several hours in a trance, do you go to the bathroom at all or is that done after the trance?  During automatic writing, how do I distinguish between an angel and a spirit talking to me?  How does one go from writing and listening to a trance?  If Im not aware of time during a trance, am I going to be aware of the pain that I am supposed to tell the spirit/angel?  Gods Law forbids unwelcome trespass with a person except in times of danger (this is in direct contrast to the first paragraph where you need to experience bad stuff to grow as a person)  How then do so many people get in so much danger then?  (Im thinking sex trafficking, holocaust, Lindbergh baby kidnapping).  Just seems like there are way too many people out there that get into trouble and the reasoning that they are not listening to their angels is just a bunch of bull.		Too many questions, not enough info and this is not a 21 step program in any sense of the phrase.
1,Let's just say this was not the book for n e.  it was free.  it was so dumb of the female to tuck @@@@@. ( Not going to give away ).  Will not read other books.  I can guess what happens to the dumb woman.b
1,Sorry, but I couldn't get past the first chapter.  Not the kind of story I can get interested in.
1,Too complicated for me but I'm sure it'd be great for a real computer & fantasy nerd.
1,It's coloring pages for a Kindle which you can't color on.
1,The idea was entertaining but the writing style was poor. It sounded like a ten year old wrote it. Every character was a two dimensional caricature, the grammatical tenses were all over the place and it was overly simplistic to the point of nonsense. If an author insists on telling me a thousand times that a character is a genius he had better do something genius-y. Owen shocked and stunned his audience by suggesting that there could be life on other planets? Really? My eight year old knows that. It's been talked about long before we even had air flight never mind space flight. The dialogue was stilted and terrible. I gave two stars because the idea wasn't bad but the rest of the book was not good at all.
1,I didn't like this mainly because I don't like the writer's writing style.  As another reviewer points out, you get into the thoughts of all the characters.  You know you're in their thoughts becuase the thoughts are all italicized.  Still, it's really weird and it feels like reading whiplash because one minute, you're getting Grayson's thoughts, then the next minute you're getting the waitress' thoughts, then on to the doctor, then the nurse, etc.  Read the sample and you'll know what I'm talking about because when I first saw this criticism, I thought that the different perspectives would be separated by chapters.  They are not.  It's constantly changing from one paragraph to another.		Second, who talks, or thinks, like these characters?  They use weird phrases and Grayson and every other male going on and on about the "angel" is weird.		Third, the characters are also really weird.  We have no background into these characters and the author tries to force them into being.  This makes them weird because it makes them appear really extreme and unstable.  For instance, the doctor, who should maintain some professional distance, immediately falls in love with Elliana and just knows that Grayson isn't good enough for her?  Please.  That's not romantic.  It's psycho and stalker behavior.		Fourth, the book is way over-priced.  I'm sure that others may disagree, but this is my honest opinion.  This book needs some serious editing.  It reads like something I wrote for a school assignment when I was in the 6th grade.  Characters are not well-developed, dialogue is off, and even the plot is overly exaggerated.  The book is long, but that alone does not justify charging $5.99 for a book that reads like this one.
1,Author's writing style is engaging, but the storyline needed some help and the girl is selfish and self absorbed. Honestly I had to stop reading because I got seriously irritated. Also most of the foundation elements in the story were completely illogical and totally unbelievable. Though I can't recommend this particular story, I do think this author has potential and I may try a different book.
1,I have read all the other books in this series, and I am not impressed with this book. It was too rushed and unbelievable.
1,To graphic for me
1,Love this author,but did not like this story at all. Found the characters and story boring. Jumped ahead to the end.
1,I couldn't even get started. I tried & tried to make it through the first few chapters but it was too boring & nothing was happening. I read reviews that mentioned she had better books than this one. So I'll have to try another one.
1,There is just way to much going on in this story. I had high hopes but I got to the half way mark and had to give up. The beginning was great. I loved that she was strong and independent.... Then the guys just kept coming. Blah....... It felt like the author was trying to and everything but the kitchen sink.  I've read some of the reviews and they were great.  Maybe it was geared for a younger audience.
1,Cute story but not very original. Short and sweet but the characters and storyline are simple and preditcable
1,Ok reads
1,This book should have been titled "Vacation Unplugged."  At least then it wouldn't have taken one of the holiest days in Christendom and filled it with inappropriate language and sex with strangers.		It is a fairly typical romance novel with a very predictable outcome. On the plus side, it is well-written with no need of additional editing.
1,A badly written story about an abusive thug. Was this supposed to be a romance???
1,Did not read yet
1,What is wrong with this woman??!! She sounds like she has some serious unresolved issues.  Talk about looking for love in all the wrong places.  She's not a very likeable person.  I don't like the part of the story where she treats him to a $300 dinner, knowing that her friend and business partner will be upset. Isn't this man she's seeing supposed to be a millionaire?? You definitely lost me there. She seems a tad needy...Not the best heroine material...
1,I am the type of reader that skims through pages just to see if the book is good. I debated on weather to buy this book, and I wish I did not buy it. It is a waste of 8.99. I am tired of reading books that have great characters and horrible plots and climaxes. She could have came up with better twists and turns. At some point in urban literature couples need to be together or break up these series of break ups to make ups is irritating. 2 books 3 years and 800 pages later she had more than enough time to write their happy ending instead of drawing it out wit stupid drama.
1,nope, didn't make it with me, love Medevil Japan, but this is not a historical correct read and I don't believe this would have had a chance of happening.  To juvenile for me.
1,The writer was all over the place, the girl hated the guy, but wated him so badly. No romance, no desire, no story plot, equals sorry writing, and pitiful book.
1,Was expecting more.	This book is just okay.	The story line was great but the actual content not so much.
1,I tried reading this a could of times and just could not finish it.  The characters are not likable and the swearing. . . . Oh my.  Im not a prude but the over use of harsh swearing and crass language is just not my cup of tea.
1,The book was pretty good  but like other  reviewers I was disappointed to get to the end of the book and have the story end so abruptly !  Very. Disappointed
1,I would like more options. Also, the harder levels are actually easier, since they have longer words with more letters, so you can guess them easier. Go figure.
1,The reason for two stars is not because of the content of the book.  From what I read on "Look Inside This Book," it intrigued me.  Unfortunately, on my Kindle HD7, the text is huge.  I adjusted the text size as small as it would go, and it's still far too large for me to read comfortably.  In other words, a page would take me about 15 seconds to read, needless to mention I'll have to hold at arm's length or greater.  Not an enjoyable reading experience.		No one else seems to have mentioned this problem, and the preview looked fine on my computer screen.  If there's a way to fix this, that would be great.
1,This book is the conclusion of a 3 part story. Don't read if you want something remotely enjoyable. This book is not a romance. The plot takes a sick turn, and 80% of the story is a misogynist's fantasy of the true purpose for women. I found myself barely skimming the book, looking for where it got back on track, but even the ending was a disappointment. It's too bad this book wasn't a continuation of the previous two. There is so much the author could have done with the main characters. I liked them from the previous books, but after this book I don't care. There is a lot of real and threatened violence against women held prisoner. Yuk!
1,I wanted a calorie and carb listing book, but this one in spite of the fact that in the book description stating there is an index, it does not.	It does have a table of contents, but it's impossible to use the search button to look up any one particular food. The table of contents lists food categories such as nuts, milk products, vegetables, etc., but you have to scan the entire list to find what you are after. I knew from the reviews that it had problems, and most mentioned the lack of an index. I went ahead and purchased it, because of the mention there was an index, so I thought this was a newer volume. I thought I would sample it first, but when I've sampled other books on the Kindle, if I haven't wanted to purchase them, it automatically makes the purchase anyway. I no longer use the sample feature because of that. The price was cheap, so I'm only out a few bucks for something I'll probably send to the bone yard.
1,I'm not impressed. I'm surprised other people rated it so well. I want my 99 back to get something that's actually good.
1,Not e enough detail. I like beef this work barely had a couple of chicken wings. I hope the other books get better.
1,I don't think this book was written by a native English speaker, but it did succeed in getting me interested in finding out more about coconut oil and its uses.
1,Didn't read yet
1,A most disturbing novel.		A monstrous Roman who thinks he's 'king of the world' manipulates and abuse his slaves - to make them 'love' him.		Don't get me wrong - I love a bit of torture and abuse.  But I hate when the victim comes to love his abuser for no good reason.		When Allerix gives up his heritage, his hopes and dreams out of a desire for yet more abuse, I was sickened - not enticed.		I won't be buying anything else by this author.
1,Like many others, I found the story to be completely unbelievable and Donovan just plain creepy.  I am not going to rehash all the "ick" factors because there are multiple 1 star reviews that sum it up nicely.	Hope the next one doesn't stink like this one
1,Not worth the time.  The characters in this story all started off experiencing a tragedy.  It 's a mixed up triangle that never got off of the ground.  Most if it was Savannah and Jason giving each other google eyes and thinking they had to "help" each other get through their sorrow,  but I didn't see any of it.  Every day was the same old thing.  I got through it but I won't pick up any more of this author's books.  The writing was "awful," no imagination at all.
1,I have read the 3 previous books in this series, and while each one may have had a few quirks I wasn't too keen on, I can confidently say that I liked this one the least. Or at least the characters. Andy would go from shy, to easily irritated by half of everything Lane does or says, to wanting to take things slow, to talking dirty by phone and wanting to touch & make out. And I have a question about the conflict in the story: Andy bought Zach a brand new Winnie the Pooh book from the mall. Pooh books (Pooh anything) can be a bit pricey. Andy was an unpaid intern. Did it really make sense for him to buy this gift for a kid he'd just met, when he himself had been eating PB&J for days in a row? As for Lane, I was very confused by his work schedule, as I have never heard of a construction worker having such odd working hours, often needing to go in during the evenings and/or at a moment's notice. He was constantly having to get babysitters for his 6 year old son. Was it not possible to request daytime only hours to coincide with his son going to school? And speaking of which, at 6 years old, you have to be in school. Why was this kid never doing any homework, but instead constantly playing videogames? And then couldn't even read an easy name on a gift tag? And when Lane needed to talk to Andy, he'd just tell his son to go watch TV.		Lane said it never occurred to him that his son could still be grieving. I could see that. But the fact that he allowed this kid to do whatever, whenever, with no punishment or retribution, there's no excuse for that. The kid talked back not only to babysitters, but to Lane & Andy as well, even raising his voice. When Andy slept on the couch, Zach climbed up and sat on him (and he knew!), watching TV and eating cereal. And the increasing violence and anger (he shoved 1 babysitter & screamed at her, the next time he picked up a shovel and bust a window) was a mess. Apparently his mother seemed to suffer from a possibly undiagnosed mental health problem - based on conversation in the book - perhaps this was the issue with Zach. Maybe his behavior wasn't his fault, but at 6 years old always getting his way was not the way to handle it. What I didn't really like about Lane was that he seemed desperate (calling coworkers to get Andy's address, popping up at his apartment, popping up at his job) and jealous (constantly asking who his roommate was, asking who he was at the bar with). Keep in mind that from beginning to end, including sleeping together, announcing their relationship to Zach, and exchanging "I love you's" all happened in a span of 2-3 weeks. His behavior didn't come off as romantic, it came off as possessive. A couple of characters from previous books make an appearance (Was Cat always that obnoxious? Why is Archer still dating other people when he has a BF now?). I liked them more than the MCs of this story.
1,The other readers seemed to all love the main character.  I have to be honest, I hated him with a passion.		I guess I'm not the person to be reading tales with by my standards whiny little boys who even after taking a number of blows to the head with a clue-by-four continue to whine.  To me angst is a major turnoff and sadly Cal Taylor is a whiny brat who comes across as much younger than he's supposed to be.		And that made me dislike the whole book.  If you can't relate to the main character the rest of the writing doesn't matter and I just didn't like the main character at all.		sadly, the premise is great, the universe interesting and the plot had some nice twists, but with my absolute inability to like the main character the whole book was nearly impossible to read.		I'm sorry for the harsh review, but this story reminds me of so many others that I never finish, and for pretty much the same reason.  I read books because I want a hero to relate to and Cal is someone who I can't relate to because he's so full of angst and lacks any insight or real intelligence.		If you can get past the angst and the horrible decisions that it creates with the main character, the story is actually rather well written, but if you don't like reading tales about emotionally stunted and immature characters who can't make a positive decision if their life depended on it, avoid this as you'll only end up annoyed.
1,This series presents a intriguing story line that is well written.  However, to present the continuing series in books with less than 100 pages for $2.99 each is excessive.  I have yet to read any author worth more than a passing thought for less than 100 pages.  This is a 19 book series (and it is not over yet) that could have been condensed into less than 10. My recommendation.... find another series.
1,Not what I thought it would be.
1,Silly inane and actually really stupid.  Nothing but a poorly written soft porn manual.  No plausible plot.  A waste of time
1,The first story came off like a short story by a college student and the second kept you drowned by minute details and ramblings. Won't complain too much...since it was free.
1,This book was written with characters around mid twenties to thirties.but the language and content of the book is perfect for young teens, middle school or high school.	Or maybe just shallow adults.
1,I love the main story line, but this little short story seemed to depart from the original story cannon.		It's a "good read" on its own, but it really felt "wrong" in relation to the main story line.		The Unfortunate Fairy Tale series is a GREAT series of books, I'm always impatient to get the next book! If you're going to read, read the series.
1,ok
1,Was Not Expecting This Book To Be A Repeat Of Pt 1 Nothing Changed Felt Like I Read This Before I Will Wait On Pt 3 Which I'm Sure Is Coming And See What Happens With Amir And La But If She Fend Up Then It's His Fault Not Her's And Jace Claims He Don't Have Feelings For Mya But I Think He Lying Time Will Tell But It Would Be Messed Up If So And Down Right Dirty But Like I Said This Book Is Predictable And It Repeats It Self
1,I love Alexander Mccall Smith but this isn't up to his usual brilliance.  Don't know what happened.  I will still read his books.
1,I have 3 sections I put my read books into. Male writers, Female and Awful. this went into awful little over 1/2 way.
1,This book was HORRIBLE.....First of all, I got so tired of the number 179 and the words Envy root of all evil 3 that appeared on just about every page that I came across....OMG please fix that....this book cost too much money for it to be CRAP...I'm usually an EXCELLENT rater of books...BUT this book was a MESS....please don't make a 4th book, its not worth it....It TOOK SO LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONG to get to a point that never happened....too many stories and issues and nothing came together....i knew after book 1 that it'll be problems...I hate when authors try to make something out of NOTHING....yelp, this is one situation that occured.....story lines where all over the place and I was kind of lost, like what's going on and where and when will this story/book get intersting....sry it just didn't...I don't knocked anyone's writing ablities but HONEY you should've stopped at book 2 and summed everything up there.... Rolling my eyes...this book DIDN'T CUT IT FOR ME..... Not worth the money....borrow it if you can....
1,I found this book to be a total let down.  I am so glad it was free and I lost no monies on this read.  Brillant, I don't think so.
1,The first story was pretty good, second and third stories got a little jumbled and confusing, too many characters dying but still alive or came back to life by some means or another. I almost put it down, I but persevered.
1,The Good	I did not finish this. There were several things that put me off and made me put it down.		The Bad	I'm all for alpha males and macho men, but when you drug someone, kidnap them, and force them to have feelings for you - that's not love. That's Stockholm Syndrome. Luke pretends to be interesting in the bar, but then drugs Rebecca's drink, kidnaps her and holds her hostage when she tries to escape - all because he thinks she's his mate? Nope. Nada.		The Review	The more I red the book, the more angry I got. If I had had a physical copy versus the ebook, I might have burned it. I don't do date rape drugs. I don't do kidnapping and hostage-holding. I don't do "you'll stay here until you realize you're my mate". No. Just... no.
1,I disliked the male lead who treated the female lead as either a lab experiment to be observed or a breeder he doesn't fully respect.  It's strange that the supposed hero of this tale is such a bigot against humans in a really scary elitist way.	Some of the details of the books seemed inconsistent and did the characterizations.  The story does end on a cliff hanger, but then at 99 cents, I think that's okay.		Something I do want to praise the author for is that gay relationships are introduced and it is just accepted and none of the gay characters are depicted in a stereotypical, swishy manner.  I also like the close relationship between the twin sons and their mother.  Perhaps if the story had focused more on the mother who came across as a strong, likable character, I would have liked this book more.
1,This book might have been a good read if I could have gotten past the editing errors. In just the first few pages I found a couple of errors. This needs some good editing. I was given a copy of this book in exchange for an honest review. This was a tedious read for an adult.
1,I was really disappointed in these books. I like werewolf stories. I just couldn't get into these. The story line flowed from one book to the next, but it was so boring. It was hard getting thro them. I was glad when it finally ended. Soon as I finish this review. I am going to take it off my Kindle.n
1,I should not have ordered this (but I did unknowingly). It is terrible: filthy language that belongs in the gutter. G-d forbid that my grandchildren should see this. I certainly won't order another copy! I don't know what sort of person would stoop so low as to read this kind of gutter stuff.
1,The author needs to work on NOT telling every detail--I would suggest hiring a proofreader and/or asking a few friends to proofread/critique it because, as it sits, it isn't an enjoyable read. I felt nothing and the characters were flat.	I gave this short story 2 stars for 'I don't like it', although the cover is fantastic.
1,Know that these books are going up.to  $3.12 a book. I feel like I am being jipted... I am playing that for a chapter. I love this author but I think I am done.... I refuse to pay this much for a chapter when a whole book cost less... I have played know 16.00 for a book that is not even finished that is high way robbery.... don't get me wrong the story is great but she needs to make it a book not chapter by chapter......
1,I love second-chance stories and really wanted to like this novella.	I thought it was well written and although it was a short book, I still found myself investing emotionally in the characters and enjoyed it up to a certain point.	I liked the heroine, but the hero was just a bit too selfish and immature for my liking.		Don't read on if you don't want spoilers...		He 'thought of her' enough to buy her gifts, but she didn't know about it for 5 years, believing herself forgotten and discarded - if this was some sort of grand gesture it was lost on me. I was also waiting for him to affirm that he had been faithful to her - nothing. Right from the beginning he knew she hadn't betrayed him, but he stayed away all this time just because he felt embarrassed by her actions which he knew were only done to save a friend? He makes her suffer for 5 years for a moment's thoughtlessness for which she apologized straightaway? Although he apologized and grovelled in the end - for what he had done, it was all too little too late.	I do think the h was obviously quite a vain, selfish and shallow young woman when she married, but she matured and grew into her role as the marchioness - she had to, really, especially as he left all the work to other people during the years he was missing. He had matured physically, but that's about it.	She mentions that she felt left out because she was stuck in the country all this time and he was out travelling and having adventures...I thought that was quite sad, like they had lost an irreplaceable opportunity to do this together and he didn't even realize it.		So, on balance, for me, there was just something missing that would have made their HEA more believable and satisfying. 2.5 stars.
1,I absolutely hated this book, mainly because this wasn't actually a book. It was more like one or two chapters of a book. The author totally cheats you out of reading an entire book, by only giving you a small portion of the book, then thinks that the reader will buy the other books in the series to get the entire story. Don't fall for such cheap tactics. If this author was any good, she would give you a complete book with ending, then count on how well she wrote the book to get you to buy future books, as good authors do. This author is obviously not a good enough author to rely on her talents, if any, so she tries to trick you into buying future books by not completing the current book that you purchased. This book is a total waste of time and money!!!!
1,There was so much internal monologue that I wanted to scream.  The characters repeated themselves and their feelings to the reader throughout the entire book. There may have been a total of one chapter of actual conversation.  There was no story line,plot or suspense.
1,Based on the description I thought that I would love the book, I was very disappointed.  The story had so much potential but the story components weren't well utilized, the writing style was lacking and it ended up being a sex story with not much binding it together.  I stopped reading halfway through when the storyline changed drastically for no apparent reason.  It is the first time in my life that I couldn't finish reading a book because it was so bad.
1,Story has great potential.  The writers fail miserably to weave a consistant tale.  The story is disjointed and has gaping holes where no hole should be.  At points the story drags and at others I was left wondering how the hell did they get from point A to point B.  The flow of the story left a lot to be desired.
1,I love time travel books and am always looking for new authors in this genre. I bought this book because the synopsis sounded good and because of the rave reviews. I've just checked to see if I was reading the right reviews. I'm about a quarter of the way through and I just can't make myself finish it. For starters the hero's 'voice' just grates on me. I've never read a book where a Lord talks like that. There is also no way the scullery maid would be standing at the front of the house with the butler which led to her meeting said hero. The butler teaching her to be a ladies maid??????? Not in any victorian books I've read. I could go on but won't. Sorry to all of you who loved it but it's a definite no no for me.
1,Do yourself a favor and skip this book. There's no easy way to make your money grow. If it was that easy every one would be doing it.
1,Overall, it felt amateurish or rushed, maybe like an unfinished rough draft. The details of the story are unconvincing and fail to bring the various scenes to life (like if the author were writing about places and topics she doesn't really know). There are no transitions. Odd repetitions of details at times. It feels like some experimental ideas were thrown together and forgotten there.		A lot of things just don't make much sense Heroine falls in love almost immediately without any foundation, making it hard to believe and care. Hero hasn't done much at all to inspire such feelings in such a short time. They've been together less than two days and hero has been gone most of the time, leaving heroine to her own devices. The timeline is muddy, not well defined at all. Within the first chapter, the story even goes back in time without stating it or giving any explanation! The story starts with the hero's viewpoint AFTER the exchange of a couple of letters, then flows into the heroine's viewpoint BEFORE she even read the Wife Wanted ad in the Groom's gazette!		There is a serious lack of character development. The characters are stereotypical, they have no depth. They are also inconsistent and their actions & reactions don't ring true. The dialogues are pretty bad too, trite, jumping from topic to topic.		Such an unprofessional offering is disrespectful to the reader! It might not be representative of this author's ability but I had never read anything from her before and probably never will again!	Too bad: the story had possibilities, although oddly reminiscent of the previous book in the series (similar theme)
1,Not much to see here.  You get what you pay for.
1,I enjoy a dominant alpha male, but this guy borders on crazy.  They are a married couple, but he is over the top possessive and not in a good way.  Thank goodness this book was free.  I have enjoyed other books by Ms Chance, but I skimmed through this short story in record time.
1,I'm very disappointed in book. The story line was tedious most of the time. TO MANY DETAILS. not enough true grit. Simply put it was no more a Ben Blue story then I am a cowboy. You can't  drop his name in a couple of lines and declare it a Ben Blue western. Shadrac Cain is a strong lead character by himself. No need to call it a Ben Blue western. What a shame the author chose to have larger then life character show up after all the action is over. A day late and a dollar short.
1,Half the book is the couple's first sexual experience together ....Really half the story for A sexual encounter? That is all you have share about your charters ... that's just sad.
1,A little too good to be true  Perhaps because the book was so short but things just developed much too fast.  The troubled daughter just turned around into the model child so happy to be getting a new "Dad"????
1,I received a copy of this book for free in exchange for an honest review. This book is steamy to the point of blistering and a good fast read. I would recommend it for fully mature adults who aren't shy about intimacy scenes.
1,Review courtesy of All Things Urban Fantasy.		If THE HISTORIAN adds hints of supernatural mythology to academic research, BLOOD CALL does the same for the romantic thriller. While the premise and subtle mix of genres are great, Anna and Josiah are problematic at best. Though the narrative tries to focus on this ultimately unsatisfying relationship, it was only the background of myth and reality colliding that really worked.		Anna is so shocked and hurt for the first several chapters of the book, she doesn't register as anything other than vulnerable. Josiah, unfortunately, choses this time to be very sexually aggressive. Depending upon your tastes, this will either set up a dominating, coerced sexual dynamic between two characters that are physically attracted to each other but emotionally shattered, or it will make Josiah an irredeemable rapist who took advantage of Anna when she was vulnerable.		While I found Josiah's choices problematic, I was still invested in his story. Once out of shock, however, Anna proves to be alternatively helpless and irrational, wanting to both use Josiah's skills and shame him for them. Josiah's earlier sexual dominance evaporates into regret and he seems to be attracted to Anna's worst traits, her helpless naivete and physical fragility. The only portions of BLOOD CALL that I truly enjoyed where where Josiah and Anna are too busy fighting for their lives to draw attention to their flaws.		The action portion of the story can't carry everything, however. Seeing the preternatural bleed into the "real world" was the only detail keeping me engaged, and Josiah and Anna were too involved with their terrible romance to have much of a reaction at all. Not cinematic enough to bring the fights and violence to life, not twisty and political enough to make a mystery worth following, BLOOD CALL felt like a great premise left unfulfilled.		Sexual Content: References to rape, sex scenes.
1,Didn't like story.
1,I hate to give a bad review.  This is the first story in this series that has not been given an easy five star rating. I could not stand Megans story. She is wimpy and annoying. She cries the whole time because her mate has to go hunting. I find her selfish to only think of herself and her needs. I could not stand her.  I loved her mate cashol he pics sweet and thoughtful. She did not deserve him. Not the best book in the series. Had to struggle to finish it.
1,I started well be ended poorly. This is supposed to be a love story. Not so much.
1,Expected a different kind of book. This one was ridiculous. I would not recommend it. Just the title should be enough to scare you away.
1,So I was highly disappointed. I felt like there were gaps in the story and some details didn't match. Predictable. I will continue with the series though. I want to give the author the benefit to complete her vision.
1,This book started off lovely, but it kinda lost me in the middle, but I finished it. It was very rushed, little petty and  Had too many improper remarks. And could have given a bit more depth...and definitely need some editing.
1,I do not understand all the rave reviews. I found this a disjointed plot that jumped here and there with no apparent reason or connection. I felt lost most of the time and kept hoping to find one character to care about enough to want to read on. Every character had some catastrophic problem occur in the first few minutes of arriving in the story, from falling into an ice hole, being blown up by a bomb, left beaten and unconscious, or gassed in an elevator. Reminded me of the Saturday morning cartoons the kids used to watch in the 80's. I returned the book for a refund.
1,Not a fan.
1,This writer is in need of a good editor. Her concepts are fairly good, but her execution is very poor. The dialogue is bad, the spelling and grammar are atrocious, and the mundane details overwhelm the story.
1,This was an ok read. I could believe they will drag this story out with a part II. I can only guess the Luke (Oldest Brother) and Sara (Ex-Girlfriend) will interfere in happily ever after for the couple. The author could have done that  in this book.  I'm so glad this was a free on kindle.
1,I had the feeling the author was in a hurry.  More of an introduction than a book.  Took me 20 minutes to read.
1,The story was not very exciting	When there was a perfect time for a exciting end.---the story had a lame end.
1,Me parecio muy simple no hubo drama la verdad no me gusto espero que la proxima sea mejor porque me gusta mucho la autora
1,I could barely start it. It took me several times of reading the same paragraph before I was finally able to move on. Even then, the book was just so cookie cutter boring that I found myself wishing for one of my top shelf reads instead.
1,In the past, I loved Scarpetta Novels, but this one (in my opinion) just rehashed old stories.  I was disappointed.
1,This series of stories involving 8 sisters all with flower names is a spinoff of the Brides of Beckham, Book 7, Mail Order Matchmaker.  Harriet, the matchmaker, married Max who has 8 nieces. Because of her abusive background she offers to help the girls with their matches but not until they turn 18.		Amaryllis is a bookworm. She has known Alex since she first went to school. We met Alex back in Mail Order Matchmaker as the son who accidentally kills his father because he is beating up his wife. He is older than Amaryllis and they keep up a written correspondence when he goes off to college. He wants to be a lawyer to help women in bad relationships. Amaryllis breaks off the correspondence after she over hears Alex's mother talk about someone named Sarah and she assumes that Alex is courting Sarah. She becomes a librarian instead of marrying. Alex assumes that she is still waiting for him to come home from college.		First off I think the cover is awful!!!  Knowing these characters from previous books, this story is a real let down. Maybe I was in a bad mood when I read it, but I didn't like their story.  It just didn't fit with what I thought I knew about them. Too much negativity, no real love story.		This story is primarily about miscommunication, assumptions, coercion, male pride and a woman trying to make her own path in a society that is not ready for that.		As an aside, I take issue with part of the side story about the writer who comes to the library to do research. This story is set in Seattle. While Native Americans weren't treated well in Washington and Oregon, it wasn't like on the  Great Plains.
1,Too boring and too fairytale.
1,There were so many bad points to this "book" that it's hard to find anything good. First of all, first person present is the worst way to write.		Second, in the fews pages that consist of this extremely short story, there was a grammar or spelling mistake per page or more. Things spelled once correctly then incorrectly the next time.		Third, the phrase "drool down there" should never, I repeat, never be used in that way again. Word choice was poor. Too much drooling and slimey. Any feel good effects from the story are ruined with the word choice.		Lastly, there is practically no back story to this. Yes back stories are typically cheesy, but its still a back story and needed		Basically don't waste your money. I'm glad it was a free download.
1,I did not finish this book. I tried a few times, putting it down when I got bored with it, and then picking it back up again to try again. I'm not entirely certain where the fault lies. Some of it, I think, is the rapid switching between characters. None of them were interesting enough on their own to follow their threads, and I never made it far enough for their paths to cross. Also, it was just very bleak. I found very will to recommend any of the characters and their lives were in a downward spiral that didn't even have the virtue of being amusing.
1,I only have it two stars because I couldn't go any further than the second story.  Rating was based on realizing that foot fetishes are not my thing, NOT the authors writing. For those of you who have a foot fetish I am sure you will enjoy.
1,I couldn't bring myself to care about the leads of this piece because they weren't really characters. They were one or two character traits bundled together. I found myself paging ahead quite often, never a good sign for a piece of this length. The spelling and grammar errors that riddle the manuscript lead me to believe that the author flat-out refused to proof-read. "Meant" for "met"? How do you make that mistake repeatedly?
1,It was OK, might have to read it again, it was ok, i like alpha males we need more stories like that
1,White Christmas was a quick Sci-Fi romance novella that I could not get into.		Since Sci-Fi is not my thing, I found this novella very hard to get into.  Sure there were some steamy scenes in it, but I found the storyline really hard to follow.  It needed more substance.		Overall, not my favorite read.
1,A broken girl (Alabama) and a psychotic SEAL (Christopher / Abe) not a good match.	Alabama had reason to be withdrawn. I can believe she was a real person and get behind her.	Christopher / Abe starts out as a perceptive gentleman SEAL that turns into a shallow, cruel wimp.	What kind of person turns their back on the love of their life without even talking to them? Then cruelly wounds that love without cause?  I found this to be a forced and contrived conflict that made me want to stop reading the book.	I didn't understand how Christopher made the connection of his dad's lying with Alabama's alleged stealing things, even after having it explained three times. It makes no sense. Lying and stealing are not the same thing.	How did Christopher magically deduce that Adelaide was the cause of all this trouble?  I mean, really?  It just came to him?	Does anyone know any Navy SEAL Commanders who would give a personal reference to a person they never met?  I would think that the Commanders would have more important things to do,... like, oh, I don't know,... say saving our country from terrorists.	At this point, I just wanted to finish this book so I could forget about it and never think about how ridiculous this whole thing is.	I was thinking of continuing with the next book in this series but $3.99 seems like a lot for another possible stinker.	Maybe Susan Stoker needs a  new Editor.  One that reads her books.
1,Story is painfully too long.  There are too many grammar errors.  And the set up is confusing.  The idea is good but, in my opinion, it requires polishing.  True the author is British and the expressions are different but nowadays there is no excuse for poor grammar.
1,This was too short to be called a book.  It is about 2 pages at the most and all the information is readily available on multiple websites.
1,Smut. A total disappointment because there was no story, no plot. What a waste of time this was reading.
1,I did not connect to this story at all. Given how against the relationship Charlotte was at the beginning, it felt irritating instead of endearing to me when Daniel kept pursuing her. Add in his kidnapping and forced cohabiting for them and I was completely turned off. Sometimes having a pushy alpha male works well, but for me it just made me feel uncomfortable. However if you like your heros pushy and your heroines a pushover, then you might enjoy this one.
1,I picked this book up through one of the sites I follow and don't mind spending a dollar to find a new author. If I'd read this sooner I would have returned it for a refund. The book is full of mistakes and bad grammar. I'm not a purist and a book doesn't have to be perfect for me to enjoy it but this one really was bad. I didn't love the story either. I felt like the drama was all contrived and that Luke's 'condition' wasn't researched properly. As for the h, I wanted to slap her because her story was just nonsense and unbelievable. The author made her sound a bit lacking in intelligence.		+++Spoilers+++	The h supposedly lends money to bail out her uncle's restaurant when he was going through a bad patch. He is under the impression that she used savings (from where? she always worked for him) and never pays her back even though she still owes the money to her ex. Her ex begins threatening her. We learn that she hasn't paid a sent of it back to him and he hasn't been charging interest. Then the h's uncle gives her the money and she thinks about opening a bakery with it and then paying the threatening ex back. What?? Seriously.		I'm really sorry to say but there is nothing to recommend this book.
1,This is a typical "love" story with detailed sex and a very predictable plot.  I will probably not attempt to read any other Rosenberg book.
1,not my style of reading sorry
1,With the plot there is potential but the story is written so horribly.  Very bad dialogue between characters, the daughter in the book acted more like a sullen kid then a young lady college bound, and it is clear no editor touched this.
1,Showed a lot of potential, good character write up, got a little wordy and technical at one point, then just flat out crashed.  Went from staying in a tolerable moral arena, then took a nosedive when they were taking that R & R on the ship.  If Any of our armed forces Ever got close to crap like that - or Is, I'd think the terrorism would indeed be So much worse!
1,I was bored nearly blind waiting for the story to make sense. Slow character development and almost juvenile story telling.
1,In the first two-thirds of the book, every 3rd or so puzzle has an incorrect answer or incorrect diagram explaining the answer. That's not very good in a "book" that consists of only 30 puzzles.
1,I bought many of the series, in paper and hardback, but grew impatient and irritated on how deceptive, selfish and clueless the main character remains.  She was supposed to grow at the end of book one, but never did.  So the novels became an endless repetition of stupidity, greed and deception.  The author has a very readable style, which sucks readers in, but both Becky and her husband are pathetic.
1,Not an enjoyable read...too long winded and boring. The narration and the dialog were overtly predictable and not in the "nice for a quick read" kind of way. I honestly am not the least bit interested in what happens next, which is a rare thing for me.
1,I'm a compulsive reader and not a mean person, I write a lot of five-star reviews. I read this book months ago and the utter horribleness is still fresh, as if trying to read it has permanently scarred my soul. The whole premise hooked me, but it wasn't long, before I spat out the hook. I can't point out any particular flaw. The story, trite, stiff and unlikely dialogue, and the complete lack of any kind of editing - even the simple use of spellcheck would have helped - it's all awful. I would send these books back in time, so that Hitler could burn them, but they are far more poisonous than Zyklon B.
1,Typical e-cookbook
1,Barely give his a one star
1,I guess that the cliche about sequels is true.  This story was not nearly as good as the first one.  There was virtually no sexual activity involving the main characters.  There was some description of sexual activity involving characters external to the main story
1,I know I got this book free.  I would be really ticked off if I had paid for it!  I didn't waste money on it; but I DID waste my time.	Was this written by a 12-year-old?  Whoever she was, she should have paid for an editor.  Poor writing.  Poor grammar.
1,I felt that this story line was a good one, however, the writing was drawn out and quite lengthy and boring to read at times. Only because I wanted to find out who she ended up with did I finish the story.		Lots of pages of her debating what to do, what people with think, how her family has money but they don't stack up to "old money", etc.
1,I've read some really bad books lately and this is up there close to the top.cb
1,If zero stars were available, that's what I would have given this. Yes, it's tongue-in-cheek. A spoof. But a foolish spoof. One of the few books I've ever just put down. Not only did I put it down, I removed it from my Kindle device. That's how bad it was. Poor jokes, silly writing, uninteresting, and dated references. Old and boring.
1,Way over priced, horrible editing beyond words. Also no character development. Not sure what else to say besides save your money
1,I'm not certain if the writer has ridden on a bus through an American college in the last 30 years let alone taken a class or had a conversation with a female student. The stories as presented are insults to  intelligent women everywhere, readers and the writer.
1,The book starts out really promising, but goes quickly downhill.  In general, it seemed very dated and old-fashioned even though it's a newer book.  There's absolutely no chemistry or sexual tension. They don't even seem to like each other much then, bam, they're in love.  And her sister's relationship with her own spouse was corny and like something from the 50's.  The writing in general just seemed choppy and, well, dated is the word I keep coming back to.  Don't believe the high reviews.
1,These puzzles are way too simple for the average adult.
1,Under Ronald Reagan (a Republican), the United States armed and abetted the Muslim fundamentalists in Afghanistan, including one Osama bin-Laden, who were seen as freedom fighters against godless Communism. And yes, it all started already under Democrat Jimmy Carter.		The United States always had good relations with Saudi Arabia and (often) with Pakistan. Once again, it was a broad bipartisan consensus. The Bush clan had particularly close relations with the Saudis. Today, both the Obama administration and critics like John McCain (a Republican) support the rebels in Libya and Syria, many of whom are Muslim fundamentalists.		As for Obama's policy of tolerance towards the Muslim Brotherhood, the Conservative government of Britain (a close U.S. ally under both Democratic and Republican administrations) is doing pretty much the same thing.		Yet, none of this is mentioned in this little pamphlet by Robert Spencer (co-attributed to David Horowitz). Let's see. Both Spencer and Horowitz are Republicans? Bingo! This pamphlet is nothing more than an extended election pitch in favour of the other guy, complete with the usual attacks against the left and even a few nods to the Birthers (Spencer claims that Obama may have been a Muslim in his youth).		Perhaps a more in-depth analysis of the US-Islamist partnership would hit too close to home
1,I love me some Kelly brothers. Absolutely love them. These guys are pretty much everything I look for in a hero or in a fictional family. I'm always pretty damn excited when a new one hits the shelves. So it's pretty incredible and heartbreaking for me to actually be typing this but After the Storm has joined the minuscule list of books I've given up on.		There were things I liked, of course. I mean, it's the Kelly family, hello! They're amazing! Sexy and alpha and all make-a-girl-swoon amazing. And there were some nice scenes at the beginning that really had my heart pounding. But the romance and execution of the story just didn't manage to come across believable and had me losing interest quickly.		The big issue here was the romance and it's lack of reality. Donovan has always been the geek behind the KGI operations and the one that most longs for a family of his own. He's a total champion of women and kids. He's geektastic and panty melting at the same time, right?		So when he sees Eve and her siblings are in need of help it's a pretty perfect situation, really, and understandable that he could eventually see them as a package deal and want to make them his family. I am all on board at that point. Great set up in my opinion. A man who craves a family and a family that desperately needs someone to love them and that they can trust and love in return. Excellent!		The problem was that from the moment they lay eyes on each other until there are declarations of becoming a family and of the L word it's about (not just by the heroine and hero but by her abused siblings as well) 48 hours give or take a few. And in that time they're actually in each others physical presence maybe 4 hours? Of which she and her siblings are either terrified or suffering from severe injuries. Even for romantic suspense--where love and passion are lightning fast-- it was just...absurd. And not done in a way that was believable or convinceable at all.		Adding to the issue is that Eve and her siblings have been abused. Her little sister has been molested by her father, fears all men and strangers, yet hardly knowing Van is asking if she can call him Daddy and is clinging to him. Hrm. It just...really did not work.		I was just so disappointed and got to the point I was forcing myself to turn pages in hopes something would change. From too much telling and not enough showing, to Donovan's constant thoughts on how much he loves/wants/cherishes this family--with no real explanation or reasoning behind it other than they're in need of rescue-- to editing blips and confusing scene transitions this just isn't one I could or would recommend--even to hard core KGI fans.		I'll read more from Banks--because really one book does not negate the dozen others I've read and enjoyed and a secondary storyline going on with Rusty was awesome!--but I'll definitely be more cautious from here on out. Hopefully this was just a fluke read.
1,The premise of the story was interesting.  A young, unmarried mother who is struggling.  A flawed hero who comes to terms with his unusual relationship with pain and the pleasure he gets out of it.  Unfortunately the writing was terrible.  I had read other books by this author including the first book in this series. This book was a huge disappointment.  The characters feelings for each other were unbelievable.  The language and attitudes were not historical.  The dialogue was off kilter.  It was a struggle to finish the book.
1,First, the author needs to invest in an editor.  I could not over look the errors!  There were many.  My second issue is that Misty is just not believable, not close to being real.  She felt more like a plot device that a character.		There is promise here, but the author is not there yet.
1,Glad it was free...waste of time. I wouldn't read the sequel if it were also free. Not bad writing, just a dumb story. Could be 1 chapter in a real book.
1,Love CM Owens but this saga was not her best work and very far away from the charming writer I'm used to.
1,Not just the male lead but the editing is bad.  There is some eroticism but the characters are too thin in description to be believable.
1,I tried, but I didn't really like Rick. Never felt that I knew Travis, there just wasn't much said about him. And then all of the small details that just didn't make sense. Like the "red-eye" flight to Houston? Didn't sound right and the latest current direct flight out of Minneapolis leaves before 8 pm. The last listed flight left before 8:30 pm and went through Denver. It's a 3 hour flight with no stops. Then there's the comment about maybe the duffle bag would fit in the back seat of the mustang? Two can sit in the back so what's the problem? And then we got to the results from the health clinic and I just couldn't continue.		No, not a good story,
1,Good? Bad? Don't know. I couldn't get past the horrible narration of the audiobook.
1,This was a total waste of time cliff hanger only wanting you to buy all the other installments.  Ava, an art student slowly becomes entangled with a visiting professor, Logan O'Shane after she very reluctantly goes with her friends Ruby and Jonathan, to a lecture/reading Logan is giving.		Logan admits to Ava that he wants her, and she finds herself falling under his spell even though she knows getting caught with him could mean the end of what looks to be a promising art career.  Logan tells Ava that he wants to break her, and claims it is "break" in a good way so she will open up and be receptive to him, her art, and all the world around her.  Personally, it all sounds like a load of rubbish to me.		And then of course the book abruptly ends so you can purchase the next part!  HATE books that do this, particularly when you struggle to wade through all the writing to get some meat of the book!  I will not be bothering with the other 2 books in this series!
1,This was over before  it began. Could have been a great story,but there was no storyline. Guess you get what you payfor.
1,The author had clearly demonstrated her complete LACK of any knowledge of the military in her first book&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/HOSTILE-A-Military-Romance-Novel-Military-Men-Book-1/dp/B018RFX3LC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">HOSTILE: A Military Romance Novel (Military Men Book 1)</a>&nbsp;(which got a 1 star rating from me) and her second book is no exception. IGNORE any and all "military" bits in this novel, because a good amount of which seem to have been gathered from watch TV shows and movies rather than actual military knowledge. And if you ignore everything that's military, what's left is basically a taboo "I want to bonk my hot but unobtainable boss" romance		To make it short, a woman, Sasha, was deployed as a new member of Corporal Rafter's fireteam.  (Wait! There are no women in combat!)  and Rafter was determined to wash her out and sent her home because "woman don't belong here", and he rationalized it's for her own good. Unfortunately, Sasha is from a military family, does PT with all her brothers, and is a thoroughly proficient soldier... except for her crush on Rafter.		The military details are a complete joke. The insurgents run around not carrying weapons, then behave like thugs (holding American soldier hostage? Really?) rather than martyrs. Don't Americans carry alternate weapons like knives?		I quit reading about 1/3 in. It's a TOTAL travesty and an INSULT to see our military being fetishized like this.
1,I found this to be a pretty 'Meh.' fantasy tale. Some of the stories were ok, but there were far too many tropes being re-used, other than that of the enemy, which was different. Overall, it was tolerable, but barely. I'll not continue.
1,Just dreadful. There are no words. If you are not a 12 grader then this book is not worth anytime you might give it. Even if you speed read.
1,I will learn to look at and to pay attention to page counts at some point:(  I really don't like novellas. They are a waste of time and money. I wish Amazon could stop me with a little reminder of "No wait, dear, it's a short story." This one in particular ended so abruptly that I felt like I was being booted out the door like a smelly house guest.	I enjoy Cartwright's books (books, not short stories). She develops the story line and characters very well. And even in this short story she did the same.....But it didn't tie together for me.
1,WTF ghost writer reviews?  How the hell do you even know enough about it in a 30 page "book" to even begin to review it. Nice cover art... Wow, my review was as long as The first chapter.
1,Meaningless sex over and over. Sigh. I will wring my friend's neck for recommending I read this novella. And of course it ended with no resolution as a way to encourage me to buy the next instalment to learn Gillian's fate. Really? nope nope nope
1,I haven't read the book yet. I'm just going ti give a rough explanation here.		I've read the descrition and a few reveiws.		I suggest book 1, maybe book 2, but definetly not book 3. I mean, what happened to the baby that dissapears from the womb without trace? "Oh no! A baby dissapears from the womb without trace! A virus that kills thousands within days? This book is gonna be so interesting!" to "Book 3 is talking about the NAVY?!?!?!?!?!?!?! What happened to the baby and the virus that killed thousands within	days?!?!?!?!?!" I mean HELLO??? What type of trilogy has one part, then starts talking about the U.S Navy?!		I suggest books from authers like Rick Riordan, Mark Cheverton, Jeff Kinney, Tui T. Sutherland, and Erin Hunter. There are also lots of other great fiction authors out there, but I'm just sugfesting off the top of my head.		Well anyway, I've said all I could. If you buy the book and not like it, don't say I didn't warn you. ;-)
1,I didn't really care for this book.
1,This is going to be a long review and contain some minor spoilers but I hope that anyone considering this book will read it to the end--just consider it a public service announcement to save you time and money. I promise you that I have not totally spoiled the book or it's ending and that this review only covers a small part of the story.		I seriously wonder if the book I read is the same book as the other reviewers have read.  First the Kindle version I got was not short, is it actually rather long and drawn out--and second it's probably the most ridiculous and disgusting story I have ever read.  I cannot decide if the author is really that bad of writer as this story would indicate or if this work is some sort of joke on readers, testing to see how bad she can write and still get people to praise her work.  I've read 3 out of 4 of her works trying to solve that puzzle and now fully lean towards bad writing.		The Mary Bennet in this story is the ultimate Mary Sue.  If a reader is unfamiliar with that term, a Mary Sue is a perfect beyond belief character that can do no wrong and has unrealistic abilities to do anything.  I could buy that this book is meant to be a fan fiction parody based on its Mary Sue, except the characters are so incredibly unpleasant. Mary herself is unlikable. She reeks of contempt and distain towards everyone who isn't as smart and as able as she is-and often makes that fact clear to everyone else.		 Its 1830 and Mary Bennet has become an undiscovered but extremely able botanist with all sorts of medical education--thanks to her generous older sisters and their gifts of a microscope and medical books as well as her experiments on dead animals. Mary knows more about germs, genetics, disease and medicine than just about everyone else in the world.		Anne de Bourgh and Georgiana Darcy are also featured in the story as Marys kindred spirits. Unexplainably though Georgiana is a weak, juvenile and cowering young woman and Mary seems to have little to do with her. The author seems to forget Miss Darcy is present at the scenes of the main action for long stretches.  Lady Anne on the other hand is Mary Sue Two-with the addition of all her mothers worse traits but none of Lady Catherines compassion for others.		Early in the story, Mary travels to Rosings in the de Bourgh carriage where we learn that the Sir de Bourgh was a Dukeor at least their carriage, now ducal, has been so elevated. Mary passes the parsonage and with a glance at all of the Collinses blond children, realizes due to her work with genetics, that Mr. Collins is regularly being cockolded. When Mary finally reaches the great house, she finds that Lady Catherine has gone to Bath and she taken ALL of the staff with her, even though Anne is still in residence-Anne even schlepps Marys bags into the house due to lack of staff.	Mr. Collins of course has been left to watch after Ann.  He is an unbelievably cruel and stupid man to the point of being barbarous.  He is also Lady Catherines spy to the point you expect him to rub his hands together and slobber, Igor wants to please the Master.		Later we meet the Collins family again plus the very young, blond and according to Mary, dimwitted, curate due to a crisis in the vicarage.  It is at this point Mary performs her first of many medical miracles by saving Charlottes hand after some unbelievable cooking accident has left it impaled to the kitchen table. Mr. Collins and the curate are overcome by the grisly event and frozen into inaction.  Fortunately, Mary is able to use a poultry needle and twine to save the Charlottes hand. Mary is contemptuous of Mr. Collins for his behavior, but also of Charlotte because stupid people deserve each other.  We later learn that the kitchen accident was no accident. Mr. Collins had intentionally impaled Charlottes hand to the kitchen table after finding out that babies were not just gifts from God and required some sort of personal relationship to arrive.		Later, Mary, Anne and Georgiana decide to go to Oxford for a day trip to attend a lecture of the child prodigy Dr. Lister (born 1827) who at the age of 3 has managed to make all of his incredible strides in the medical world.  As imagined, these three young women in their tweed suits are treated with contempt at the door of the lecture hall but Mary puts all of the educated men to shame with her knowledge and impresses Dr. Lister so much he personally escorts them into the hall.  At the end of the 3 hour lecture, followed by a leisurely tea the young ladies are able to travel back to Kent that very same day.		This travel feat is matched by Lady Catherine in her ducal coach traveling from Bath after her creature, Mr. Collins informs his master that Lady Anne is misbehaving.  There is a huge fight and Anne abandons her mother to head to Pemberley with Georgiana to consult with Mr. Darcy. Mary before making the "short walk" home, walks over to visit the Gardiners instead.  (Locations move at will in Ms. Mollenkopts books, at one point in this book you can walk to both the Bennets and Gardiners home from Kent but to go from Longbourn to Netherfield requires a carriage.)		At the Gardiners, Mary finds that there is yet another crisis involving the very senile Mr. Bennet who has wander away and no one including the police and military can locate him.  Only Mary has the common sense to figure out where he was and walk right to him though he is now very ill. The family needs more staff to care for Mr. Bennet and the demanding Mrs. Bennet, so Mary becomes a substitute teacher to fill in for the ill headmistress so she can make the money to pay for the extra help.		Mr. Bennet continues to be extremely ill but Mary saves him in her off hours from teaching with another medical marvel. She is able to perform a surgery that involves copper tubing, a funnel and a turkey baster.  Luckily Marys amazing skills include blacksmithing and she has welded the copper tubing herself, in her green house, from what must have been a large and invisible forge that no one else sees or mentions.		Unfortunately, Mary finds teaching a bore and is quickly fired for 'blasphemy' for teaching the children to dissect dead animals instead of their ABC's.  At this point, though people are starting to become sick in Meryton and dying at an alarming rate so the school is closed.		Anne and Georgana return to Longbourn after learning that Anne has inherited all of her fathers estate and Mr. Darcy has in a matter of a few days transferred it out of the control of her mother and directly into Annes hands.  Mr. and Mrs. Collins also arrive to what can best be described as waiting like vultures for Mr. Bennet to die. At some point Lady Catherine also arrives on the scene I believe trying to either bully Anne or to repair the relationship.  Its hard to tell because at this point Lady Catherines behavior is just bizarre and gets worse.		Soon they realize that Meryton isn't just unlucky with a high number of winters deaths but instead is being hit by a plague outbreak of something surprisingly like ebola and people dropping like flies. The entire area is quarantined by the army to prevent its spread, so now there is no escaping the area for anyone or hope of outside rescue.		The plague is so bad that there isn't enough room in the Bennet ice house for all of the bodies and they cant bury them because the ground is frozen.  (I believe at one point the head count of 50 is mentioned but I suspect the author lost count along the way because her rate of daily deaths would have made the number higher).  Luckily Mr. Collins has also fallen victim to the plague so Mary can use his corpse to experiment for cures, though we are continually informed that it is getting greener by the day. Mary fears not only discovery of the corpse but laments that she needs a new one. The author does not spare us descriptions of mucus, pus and decomposition.		I wish I could say that is the worse of the story but it is not.  It continues to head off into the realm of utter ridiculousness and stupidity.  I swear the only reason I finished the story was because it became a matter of pride on my part to get to the end.  If anyone else wants to do the same I wish them luck and bestow onto them the Order of the Survival of the Mary Sue.
1,This book bothered me for some reason that I only got to the second chapter. It might be good for younger people though.
1,The first novel was a great read.  This very short novella is simply sex.  Nothing really necessary to further understand gargoyles and human relations.  I am sad that this is even considered a novella.  Hopefully "The Cage King" doesn't follow this type of writing as I will have to leave the series for a book with a real storyline.
1,So far I am two thirds way thru this book and am struggling to finish it. I keep hoping it's going to get better but by this time I have given up any hope of that. I am familiar with various works by this author starting with her Dragon Mate series. For the most part I've enjoyed her books, but this one has become a tedious experience. Only my own OCD is compelling me to finish it. ***spoilers*** The entire story line seems to have a very immature high school plot line. Enter the innocent, virginal elven princess being persecuted by a beautiful evil mean girl Cheri who has seduced her brother in a bid to be queen. She hates the princess for being born to a life she has always wanted. SO she acts sweet as pie to the prince all the while filling his head with all kinds of lies about the princess. Like she's a slut who sleeps around with vampires and is now pregnant out of wedlock. The prince swallows this garbage hook, line, and sinker because he's being led around by the mean girl by his....root. Never mind the fact that a simple pregnancy test would put to rest any rumors (these ARE modern elves, after all. i'm sure they have tests to determine pregnancy) not to mention a doctor could also examine the princess and verify that her "thorn" is still intact. Of course, none of this happens. Instead the princess just sits in her room and cries while wringing her hands in distress (gag) waiting to be rescued by the big strong vampire destined to sweep her off her feet. Then there are the euphemisms for the genitalia. The women refers to their parts as "flowers" and "rosebuds" (and no rosebud doesn't mean the back door like it does in some other books) and her virginity is referred to as her "thorn". When a woman becomes aroused it is described as "her flower fills with nectar". Then the men's parts are referred to as his "root". Then there is the transparent weak plot line of the sickly weakened father dying and the son in line for the crown with an ambitious mistress. The princess first arrives and makes he father tea. His reply "It's very good, but Cheri makes it better. I'm not sure what she adds to it but it tastes different. It's very good, you should ask her for the recipe." Ok, does anyone else see what's coming? You've got a prince in line to become king after his father dies. He finally breaks down and asks his long time mistress to marry him. Then all of the sudden she starts making tea for the king and he starts wasting away and dying. Meanwhile, there are both vampire AND elven doctors who can't seem to figure out what's wrong with the old guy. They keep trying to draw blood from him to examine but keep having to use a silver needle because that's the only thing that can open a wound on the old guy long enough to get blood out of him. The drawback to this is that the silver is poisoning him every time they use it. Meanwhile, I'm thinking "HELLO! you've got VAMPIRE PHYSICIANS. Can't one of them just BITE the old guy to draw some blood?" They may even be able to detect what's in the old man's blood even without testing it. So because of all the rumors the mean girl is spreading the princess is being forced to mate to set her father's mind at ease to keep from stressing out the sick old man. So she gets "promised" to one vampire in order to put her father at ease while obsessing over a different vampire then starts fooling around with that vampire while being promised to the other one. Meanwhile, the prince is still allowing himself to be manipulated because the sex with Cheri is just that good. She leads him around by his root and feeds him bald faced lie after bald faced lie which he never seems to question no matter how outrageous. I have not reached the end yet and at this rate I'm not sure i'm going to.
1,Just what the world needs, another story about a woman who "cries rape." Really??? Why spend time earlier in the story writing about how difficult it is for rape survivors to get justice in the courtroom, when you're only going to add to that difficulty with a story like this. I've read all the Kate Redman books and have enjoyed them. Now I'm so fed up with this lame story that I won't read any more. I'm so disappointed in this author writing such an unoriginal story. Are we sure Celina Grace is a woman?
1,SPOILER WARNING		I simply could not with this book. I read several hundred books a year and I'm fairly certain I've never encountered a character as stupid as Graham, and not in an endearing dim but sweet kind of way. I'd like to start with some quotes to illustrate my point.		"If he didn't know better, he would swear this man was an Alpha because of all the needs suddenly cramming into his head. Like the desire to bare his neck and offer his submission. Or the craving to bow down to him or bend over for him. But he did know better. This man, as big as he was, was an Omega. The ad had said so."		"In the couple of weeks Graham had been living with Hyden, the man acted like an Alpha a lot. And now there was the scent of Alpha, too, which was odd. He knew Hyden was an Omega, but ever since his cold had subsided and his sense of smell had returned, a wonderful fragrance of Alpha had filled the house and he thought the aroma was coming off of Hyden. One of Grahams fears, of course, was that the big man had found someone special. Obviously an Alpha. What else could it be? It made sense, too, since Hyden was always gone, so to get close enough to the big man to tell for sure had become a challenge. Coupled with the way the man was acting, it made Graham truly wonder what the heck was going on. Was he in the way now?"		"That was the other thing; for some reason steady eye contact just seemed impossible with this magnificent Omega. Something Graham only experienced with Alphas."		"And why was he reacting this way about an Omega with the Mating Moon due to rise in just a few hours. It made absolutely no sense."		"This infatuation was aggressive and relentless, as if this man were somehow his fated mate. But the gods didn't work that way. They didn't match an Omega to an Omega. Ever."		"Except any large male shifter he had ever met, or even heard about, had all been Alphas, and, now that he was out and away from Jake, there was no way he would ever be involved with another Alpha again. But it wasn't just that. Graham also had this overpowering desire to bare his neck, to beg to be dominated in every way. He had never felt anything quite like it. Needing to serve, yes. Wanting to be submissive, absolutely. But with Hyden, the feeling was different, more defined somehow. Clearer. Except it could never work, because Hyden was an Omega like him with those same desires, to serve and submit."		"He pulled it out, and when he looked at it, he started to laugh. It was the ad he thought he had lost. Here it was. A bit smudged from being wet, it had been in his pocket the whole time."		"Hyden was not the Omega who had a room wait. Not the Omega. Oh s***, Hyden was not an Omega. At all. It all made sense now. Hyden was an Alpha."		Let's break this down. Graham basically lost a piece of paper THAT WAS IN HIS POCKET and ignored EVERY SINGLE SENSE AND BIT OF SENSE telling him Hayden was an alpha because a newspaper ad held more authority than his own observations. What's more, according to what little world-building there was, the artificial misunderstanding Graham persisted in believing wasn't even possible. And that's where my main complaint with this was. Nothing about this felt believable, because there is no way a person with enough of an IQ to remember to put his pants on back to front could maintain such stupid oblivion.		And then there was the pointless BDSM. Sure, when a person is literally trying to escape you and telling you he doesn't want to have sex that's when you should strap that person to a St. Andrews cross and persist in having sex with him without ever discussing BDSM or preferences first. Um, that's rape. And if an author insists in having that character stop and give the other safe words that he doesn't use, despite his internal dialogue still saying he doesn't want to have sex with that person, that is just beyond the realm of believability. As is the fact that one single sex act would suddenly equal love, trust and eternal understanding.		But beyond that, the focus on BDSM and tools of the trade detrimentally detracted from the focus on the people. It made it clinical and unromantic. Now, I don't necessarily need romance in an erotic scene and I'm assured that not all BDSM scenes are about sex, but in the context of this book these were meant to be romantic. But technique and props just aren't, feelings and emotions are. Those where almost wholly absent in the descriptions.		There was also basically no plot beyond the two happening to meet in the most inexplicable circumstances imaginable. No world-building. No character development. Almost no characters outside of Graham and Hayden and none that were of any importance and the title, Hayden's Law, wasn't of relevance, as the book basically never leaves the house. I will pass on the rest of this series.
1,OUT WHO WAS THE PERSON REFERED TO. I HAD READ A REVIEW SAYING THE SAME BUT I REALLY TRIED TO FIND SHE JUST WASNT PAYN ATTENTION.. IM A HORRIBLE SPELLER BUT WHEN YOUR WRITING FOR PUBLIC....U MUST HAVE ANOTHER REVIEW FOR ANY MISTAKES. BUT NOT ONLY WAS IT MISSPELLING BUT NAMES OF CHARACTERS MIXED UP SEVERAL TIMES. SOMEONE SHOULD HAVE HELPED  Y PROOFREADING. YOU CAN BE A GREAT WRITER. !!!!!
1,There are a lot of commas placed seemingly at random in this book. It's very distracting, but I'm trying to ignore them. Some of the wording is strange and offbeat, but some of the mistakes are laughably bad. For example, 'toting' is used a couple of times in the first chapter when the word 'touting' is what should have been used, and 'threw' for 'through'.	I downloaded this onto my ipad, so perhaps the formatting was an issue?	This is the story of Cheryl, who decides to sell her house, quit her job, buy an RV, and leave the pressures and stress of the world behind.	She takes her two cats and heads to Pena Springs. Meanwhile, back in the world, a new strain of the flu has hit, wiping out most of the population.	What I like: the idea of freedom, the strength that self-reliance brings, and global apocalypse.	What I didn't like besides the spelling and grammar issues: even after the crap hits the fan, Cheryl is never in a bad mood. I think you would have to be upset about a global apocalypse, at least once or twice. Also, all the non-evil survivors are so happy and polite. I find that hard to believe.		Results: if, (and that's a big if) you can get past the spelling and grammar atrocities it's pretty good.
1,Informative but if you cannot stay awake to read it not worth the money, feel for the subjects of this historical account like lambs to the slaughter very brave men who gave everything too bad this is such an emotionless recording of thier sacrifices for the country they loved.
1,ok
1,As always your stories are good. The love making was hot. I was disappointed that Christian never took the time to find out about Egypt past or even meet her parents. Egypt insecurities ran rampart and Christian never asked why. Although he was caring, romantic and sensitive to her needs, he appeared selfish. But overall I enjoyed the book.
1,This book isn't just bad, it's ridiculously bad.  From blatant gramatical errors to random changes in tense which make it difficult to read, the book is tedious and the content is predictable, bordering on trite. And the publisher's FDA disclaimer at the beginning of this book is downright baffling.		I downloaded this book when it was available for free, and still thought it was a waste of time and money. Now that they are charging for it, don't bother.
1,There were a couple of things I liked and some I didn't like about Serious Crimes.  Starting with what I liked, the plot was well thought out and the premise was interesting.  How would a police force operate once some sort of government has been established after an apocalyptic event occurred was something I never gave much thought to.  In addition, the characters are interesting and likable.	Now for what I didn't like, to start off with, the story is slowwwww.  I mean it doesnt seem to move much at all for the first 50-60% of the book.  When they say that police work isn't like what you see on TV, that much of it is boring, I think this book wanted to be true to that.  The second thing that I didn't like is that I felt as if the reader doesnt get enough backstory.  The characters start to give up more info as they move farther into the story but by that time I had pretty much given up and stopped caring about them.  Also on that note I was able to give up but I had about a week before my next kindle lending library book came available again so I kept plowing through only to realize who the mastermind was shortly after so that was a bit annoying.  Finally, I wasn't a big fan of the authors writing style. I felt as if he didn't give enough description to make me feel as if I was right there with the serious crimes team.  He gave enough for a reader to know what was going on the story but not nearly enough to be able to picture the scenery in my minds eye.  I don't think Ill be moving along in the series.
1,Really? What was that all about? If I had wanted a gay book I would have gotten one. If I wanted to read a book in another language I would have gotten one. This is a great reason to never read this author again.
1,Tedious reselling of beauty and the beast. The writing is confusing and the character lack any appeal. Trying to add more magic to the story just didn't work.
1,I got about 1/2 way through, which is literally all I could stand. I'm sure it gets very good, given the reviews its received. However, if I find myself forcing myself to enjoy as book and pay attention to it, then its just not for me. I felt it to be repetitive, and mention minor details that really don't matter.
1,I sincerely couldn't have imagined the depth of disturbing scenes created in this story. The author has some skill with his story initially, but took the story so far from believable and added such gruesome images I honestly couldn't have ever even imagined plots this horrifically twisted.  I really can't ever remember wanting to write a review designed to warn anyone from reading a story, until this book. I highly advise avoiding this book even if it's free it's not worth the effort to read.
1,The book started off interestingly enough but then the heroine had to insult her potential boyfriend's religious beliefs. It's fine that she didn't believe in it but she made him look like a cook even though he was a little weird. That turned me off from her character because it showed she was a bit immature and could not be respectful of others. It lead me to be confused about why Aiden would fall for someone like.her who was just as silly as his panty obsessive girlfriend. I think I need to read stories about lovers who are a little bit more mature than these two. It's the worst" fall for your best friend story I ever read.
1,OK so I read her entire series so far and this is the one that was a waste of my money.  I feel they split this into two different books as a money maker and I fell for it hook, line and sinker.  All the author could have done was to add a few extra chapters to Part I to include a wedding and deal with the man who took her virginity and it would have been great leaving it like that. Instead they came up with a part 2 that went on and on and on.  I am a fan of the menage etc.... but also like a storyline to keep things interesting.  Everyother page had sexual encounters which got old. I kept thinking how unrealistic this was and how this poor girl would be wheelchair bound with all the action she was getting. Also, unless there will be sequels....certain characters didn't even have to be in the book. Example:  Elijah (Eli's father) and his new love the realtor....Ace and his new fling. It was as if the author was just stuffing characters in to get the book to make it a complete book. I just didn't get it and felt my money could have been better spent elsewhere.  Sorry just my humble opinion.  I will, however, be buying Rosemary's story.  FYI, I noticed it isn't on Amazon yet but found it on bookstrand dot com for those interested.  I would also love to know who the characters are in her other books Spurs and Heels, Maya's Triple Dare, Summer's Indescretion, and Lydia's Twin Temptation.  I can't seem to find out if they are Divine Creek Ranch Series books or not.  Sorry if I burst your bubble but like to be honest. Ask for this as a gift so you don't feel bad about using your own money to read it. LOL
1,This novel had a clever premise which was poorly executed. It was all over the place. There were too many unresolved subplots and no threads to link them to any future books if this is supposed to be a series. All of the characters are annoying.
1,Due to the big words - my 4 year olds were not interested at all.	Cute though.	Thank You Very Much.
1,Well you missed the boat. You had better stick to doing SiFi and leave faith out of it. To paint the Anti-Christ as an alien made to look like a human and Christ returned as a young girl grown into womanhood and all the other libertys you took with all the faiths. Yes there is a lot wrong with all faiths because of the way people read into the verses what they want them to say, but you are gilty of the same thing!	Now let me say that I'm not a church going person but I do remember my Sunday School classes and what you wrote is way off base. And I hate writers that end the book with a last line that is a suprise and do not intend to explain it in a second book! What I mean for those that have not read the book, there were more tubes filled with people when they got back to earth than get into them at the start! Yea! Thanks!	Bottom line . . .  don't bother! Oh Mr. Reilly don't quite your day job!
1,I liked this authors first book series quite a bit so I was happy to read this when it came out expecting similar. However this is a really different and much more  difficult book to get into compared to those books. It's got some similar concepts of a romantic married couple expanding their sexual horizons and it's a slower more careful pace compared to some other books. The best thing about it is the author writes really well, he has a flowing style that is very descriptive and write very good detailed sexy scenes. But what makes the book hard is the storyline. It jumped around everywhere, has moments of fantasy mixed with reality so it's hard to tell what true. It has a theme of a mysterious black box the couple receive when on vacation in Vegas that isn't really explained adequately. The book keeps coming back to the King/Queen theme as in the husband talking about his wife as "my queen" this "my queen" that and really while its well written it's kind of ridiculous and just feels silly. I think the author over complicated the storyline in this book which when combined with his very wordy flowing style in which imparting solid information to the reader seems to be last on his list of priorities made it not nearly as good as his first book. Quite frankly it's a very hard book to read as it's very confusing and you don't really ever know exactly what is really going on between the characters. Some people might find it mysterious... I just found it annoying. Maybe he might clear things up in the next installments but this first one was a big let down. Sorry to say I couldn't recommend it as I was really looking forward to it.
1,Between the commas thrown around where they don't belong, use of quotation marks when not needed, lack of quotation marks when needed, incomplete sentences, run-on sentences, double negatives, improper use/lack of punctuation, etc. this story was a very tough read, and I cannot form an opinion on whether or not the story is any good.		I understand that self published authors often do their own editing, but I don't understand why, if they know that English/spelling/grammar is not their strong suit, they do not buy a friend (who IS a grammar guru) a case of beer and ask them to proofread an advance copy? Most of the stories here on Amazon are short and could be proofread in a couple of hours, if not for content at least for spelling and grammar.
1,So far, so good, then I reached Chapter 4 and wanted to puke. The conversation between Tessa and Mia, about Mia's sexual encounter withTessa's brother, and the raunchy, low-brow detail these two went into was outright disturbing and disgusting. I can't even conceive of such a conversation in reality. Thanks, but no thanks.
1,The story line was hard to believe/conceive and did not hold my interest.  A lot of what happened kept being repeated over and over again.  Will not be reading the others in the series.
